but your beard is awesome and your kids
are awesome
and your wife is hot
Oh shame
and the
charge
hey pumpkin how are you doing here a
pretty cute guy I like you yes I do he's
starting to look like a real person into
stead of like a gremlin newborn babies
sometimes are ugly they're just like it
but I call like juicy weird and
uncoordinated like when they start
turning into real people not like you're
not a real person
whoa whoa you should show go baby boy
don't lay in your crib come on lay down
you want daddy hold you know he okay you
ready to hold your brother you ready
okay hold your arms out could be a good
big brother
okay got him support his head do you
love him don't let his head fall down
okay your lettuce headphone you're
holding like that look at him he does
her brothers this your little brother
look at that little smile he loves you
do you love him yeah you guys are like
two peas in a pod
smile me say cheese
can you teach bro tard how to say cheese
say bro tard say cheese do you remember
when you were a little baby like that do
you remember yeah you do that's pretty
cute you guys look like brothers yeah
yeah okay
you just hold them k well dad yeah
that's the video can you do that you're
a good helper I love you
what's this you want to teach them how
to do trucks listen bro this here is a
truck trucks are tough dudes are tough
so dudes play with trucks can't teach
him that think about this dude when he's
older you guys can have fun together yes
watching
who's shown me or Daxton is he too heavy
he's just a baby babies are too heavy
you want me to hold him all right come
here bro tard oh she got the baby I got
the baby the baby bump baby cam flying
ah baby cam flying baby cam Florian my
baby can't fly it's fun bro tard this is
the first of many adventures that your
dad is going to have to give them a
helicopter you know it's you old enough
for a helicopter you know helicopters
cropped art c'mere you want a helicopter
you guys know the helicopter is done you
come here I'll give you a helicopter
it's the cool get it here imma give you
a helicopter there's no options
I need a baby ankle baby ankles me that
baby ankle baby ankle got it got the
baby ankle baby ankle to the helicopter
pad baby ankle to the helicopter pad
helicopter launch pad helicopter launch
pad
you ready yeah copter three no you're on
the launch pad
good I think we found out what will
happen having a baby
yeah can't tell ya it's a secret let's
go watch my video tomorrow
haha promotion motions or what tossing
the beer you starting to get this
YouTube thing you guys going to the
airport Casey and lo gonna go huntin
Kaylie you're having a baby I'm so
excited you're having a baby
you guys want to know what kind of baby
go check out their channel it's gonna
have four legs and two arms Frehley are
you gonna love a four-legged baby
you name it horse you say giddyup mr. ed
how did the kids react when I found out
what it was they were
excited for they can't tell you which
one is more excited them yeah that will
give it away
need a little baby in your life are you
know it you take that one home and
practice with it then you'll be ready
you making me a sandwich for you it's
all I call healthy and crap with
vegetable essence for the kids
what do you have on the bunny your lips
it's probably that stuff poverty is like
you've been doing cocaine mommies re
we're all wondering how you keep it all
together
mommy guards like a little white sugar
for me huh hi I'm ready to go I'll take
are these kids and sandwiches oh yes me
somebody's mommy tell me that you Shh
let's go
why do you always have to have that
weirdest dog his personality he does
like I'll be a share some we're gonna
like him creep up I mean like before I
know he's just laying on you he loves
you say by the low-key bear bye-bye
Caleb see in a week these guys are going
home to do a hunt and then me and my
family are going back to Idaho for
Thanksgiving next week which we're
excited for okay you guys you know how
I'm always like you guys go back and
find similarities in the links at the
end slate two years ago today exactly
two years ago look who I was shooting
with that is so weird
Hayek's medium two years older sorry
that was you two years ago you look like
a giant gorilla oh man I lost a lot of
hair say oh my gosh I can't believe me
back to videos dude
that is weird I'm just making the ants
late Sam is here we're making another
video with the girls that I talked about
to make movies we really can't tell we
do what are we doing two years from now
if I'm making a YouTube video
crazy man right like and we don't shoot
together that often but two years ago
today we're shooting a video of Sam
macaronis not crazy girls what were you
doing two years ago suicide it's still
in my gum okay keep going doing your
shot sorry keep going ouncers keep doing
you guys you got to keep shooting
okay hey come here listen listen think
of just think of funny things to do like
as you're grabbing this stuff this is a
montage sure you're grabbing stuff in
funny ways maybe grab it with your mouth
okay okay
something funny she just dropped her gum
don't get your gum okay hurry you guys
keep shooting okay so we're doing the
shoot right now we shot our opening
scene and it took princess hard about 15
minutes to memorize her line but now
they're doing a montage for this thing
we're doing it's going to come out and
this coming Tuesday I think so check it
out on YouTube hi dude okay we're here
at some cards parent-teacher conference
and what they're doing different this
year is that we get to go to each
station the student gets to show us so
he gets to show me around each station
he gets to show me how he's been doing
so this is very interesting it's a
little bit of self reflection here and
this is this chart this is his little
student reflection a chart which I love
because the same things that I I agree
with him basically he does excellent and
all these things following directions
showing respect for herself and others
only two things that he really needs to
work on because completed his homework
and organization he does complete his
homework but sometimes he rushes through
it a little bit and doesn't double check
so we're working on that and when you're
doing it right and everything else
mm-hmm good job dude Oh God Thanks and
now we are at science station and this
is his science but what is a scientist
that's big that's so cute I like your
face inheritance thanks I was trying to
copy like Einstein's acceptor is brown
because well your hair is that crazy
show us how crazy your hair's I can't go
like the school after I don't take a
shower today okay son TARDIS just
showing me his poetry that he's been
doing in writing class and this is a
really great pain and Adalia to us okay
this one's about liberty weather is like
pink sunset after a year of dying
darkness Liberty is the Sun beaming down
on you with glee for we are a free
country already is a field of
ever-growing and world grass Liberty is
like a most made of blinding bright
rubies quality is like a sapphire like
sparkling in the sunlight liberty is
like you it's like you well it says my
mother already is my hands are so
beautiful so item C so we have Liberty
and we are free country nice play
sweetheart can I put your trinkets
coolers it sure I love you alright yes
we were doing speak of it I swear it I
yelled a loud obscenity in front of the
children and princess art said can I say
a bad word said of this whole thing she
asked and we're about to shoot it and I
dropped a bucket and then the whole
thing came tumbling down yeah which
level it works
but but we were not rolling thank you
a film as worst nightmare you get the
money shot with no shot nothing nothing
Oh sir well this is what it looks like
now and we'll do it again where I'm on a
close not yet wait the guys are cute
thanks mom I finally realize so much
crap these kids have finally you just
now realizing this I'm all laid out mmm
I know it's better than the first time
yeah it doesn't pretty darn impressive
take one great I'm just going to do your
line on this one I got you in a close I
gotta close yeah and then I'm going to
go wide my Panther II very okay all
right ladies after three hours of
precise and precarious placing of your
Playboy we have the most intricate Rube
Goldberg machine
yeah they're gonna they're gonna smash
all the times down it's crazy right good
boy I never make a big mess like
screaming that you can go and give the
deck did you get that slave yes Mary
all right ladies after three hours
making a game start before
yeah all right ladies after three hours
of precise and precarious placing of
your play toys we have created the most
intricate Rube Goldberg machine known to
thank you were about to witness my
finest hour that was great that was
great let's do it one more time okay
we're just winging at the bottom of the
stairs you can cookies waiting for this
money yeah oh yes the minion what to say
I thought what's that call full of Sam's
you are a curious
Avery of your c-vector know that yeah
you there's a sorry
disaster ring right now this is
oh you can come with there have been a
lot of hiccups during this shoot
so we need to be careful and not touch
anything else and let it all just happen
the way it's supposed to happen you were
not really this in the vlog you have to
go watch the video be out on Tuesday aha
turn the camera off oh man okay guys bye
Tuesday I'm Trey Carl check it out on
Tuesday on shaycarl hey babe you're
having fun yet this is our guys never
appreciate me
you've been playing even so frustrated
and playing with toys you know this is
just one of those times in life where so
many things go wrong that you finally
just laugh if I leave he's having a
laugh cuz there's so many things have
gone wrong is pretty funny first you're
frustrated you shot like then you're
shocked like we had the most difficult
time doing I want 100% agree yeah but it
will be so worth it thank you don't wait
you know like it won't in the video I
don't need to be like whoa I cannot just
go cool but like how hard right now so
but I don't think it's going to pay off
in the video rave on its own move that
little thing that will lose the water on
the way it'll come out it babe oh all
right here we go Goldie Blox takes 37 ok
ready
kill it
quiet okay so weird yeah I focused on
quiet here we go
we trying on this one okay did you see
that shadow there okay let me shake it
in a certain focus on so I'm going to
land right here okay very want to stick
it okay I'm rolling by Rome to come on
your chart okay ready yeah come - are
you guys ready real all right
ready go darn it
dang open that back door oh it tastes
like mustard in here stays like must yet
we just exploded one of these all over
the house
tastes like C all over oh it does do you
guys get out of here this isn't good for
you to breathe what go out go out
it's gross fire extinguisher look in
here - it was a good shot oh yeah
grabs up you go watch the video here see
we have destroyed a house our house is
destroyed excellent
oh all right team on yellow music okay
that's not good enough
oh my no I'm spraying more right that's
wrap on the shoot you have a good time
out of everything I think she just most
excited about getting a load full of
toys yeah she excited up yeah so we have
we have to be yeah
we're gonna do with all those yes dreams
are performed and we have four of the
behind plate huge like village children
there you go a village of goldieblox
well I hope you guys check out the video
big shout out to mommy Tyra for being so
patient and let me know so destroy her
house is destroyed I am in here cleaning
up the fire extinguisher that I shot off
which is not an easy thing to clean up
because there's like little powder and
it's everywhere just when you open your
mouth it's like it's like mustard gas in
your mouth huh Oh what I was gonna say
is last night after I was done with
threatened links podcast I got home
about 10:30 the house was spotless these
guys went all out clean the house every
nook and cranny I got home and I was
like whoa even my desk my desk which was
a disaster
who did that you did that I was
wondering give me five I was like who
organized my desk so I we didn't get to
go to the movie cuz now what time is it
it's 9:40 8:00 at night night look at
house a good guess 949 and we missed the
movie and I promise that we go to MU if
they clean the house so we ordered pizza
we're gonna eat pizza watch a movie and
then I told we'd go to a matinee
tomorrow is that cool you cool with that
we had to work late sometimes that
happens dude sometimes you have plans
and your boss is like you got to work
late tonight son Todd you're not going
out you're staying in you're working
that happens in life you're like what I
had to be the main person oh yeah
sundered held the boom pole very first
for a job in showbiz well he's he's
acted in a few things but he held the
boom pole for the audio you like
matinees better you said that made you
cuz then I can actually stay away all
right I love you guys
what a night we just wrapped and we
started shooting it won a nine hour
shoot I hope you like the video okay
we'll see you guys
Oh oh my goodness I wish you guys could
have been here for that whole thing
you'll see when the video comes out on
Tuesday what I'm talking about but we
had to set up all these things that had
to work just right then they kept
falling over when they were supposed to
when the cameras weren't on and you know
it just spent like 45 minutes setting it
up and then it would fall we like know
those moments where you're so frustrated
but there's nothing you can do about it
and just like start over again
yeah so check that video out that'll be
up on the shaycarl channel on Tuesday
one video that I'm really excited about
that's up right now is my interview with
Richard Simmons the iconic one and only
this interview is hilarious
there's tears there's laughter there's
birds and all kinds of craziness so
click on that Phil and lucky button and
go check out my interview with Richard
Simmons click on yesterday's vlog and if
you want to see what we were doing one
two three and four years ago today click
on one of those buttons right right me
and Sam we're making videos ago exactly
two years ago yesterday and then we're
making another video I think maybe just
make a new video every two years
together I'll probably more often that
okay let me guys see you tomorrow
