hello hello I love it around it up hey
today is kind of a sad day because this
is one of the last bro days here in
shaytember Logan's got to go I don't
want to talk to this right now it's
trying to fight me back here I'll try to
play by loggin what are you I have I
know I know
let me tell us where you're going for
two years when Osiris west aren't you
people want to know they think you're in
the military or she is he's gonna go
join the airforce and point his arm
that's a lie cuz they're not even part
of the improve your seat belt on yeah
Logan okay
who wouldn't wear C boating back for
Tracy honestly guys I can do to be said
today I'm doing we're going surfing
we're excited
run is that it yeah brah yeah I was
excited for circuit obviously our slate
we'll explain later
fine okay see I see your bum okay see
I'm vlogging your bum Casey you guys can
I show that on YouTube yeah okay lucky
bear are you ready to surf ready to do
some of this so hang ten it's kind of
intimidating you guys it is routed out
here there's a line as far as you can
see of surfers and I'm not a good surfer
and I just don't know like surf
etiquette and stuff I don't want to get
beat up by Patrick Swayze out here doing
a point break kind of thing you know I'm
saying dude wasn't that the movie where
they rob banks and stuff when thank
Patrick Swayze Keanu Reeves that's the
one that's one my favorite movies
actually I always wish I could learn to
surf but I just haven't put the time in
need to put the time in we're suited up
ready to ride and I have like five
surfboards because we've lived in
California for four years so I'm like
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna get into
surfing so I bought all these surfboards
now I've been out like maybe five times
the entire time I've lived here I know
why don't we do this
seriously we would feel so good if we
did and we'd get better at it you just
gotta gotta make gotta make it happen
all right we're gonna go ride some of
these waves wish us luck
all right we just got done surfing guys
every time I had a greedy and a good
great tell us about your experience on
the water about going to fight with a
seven-year-old man not watch TV all the
time
Casey snaked away from an old man almost
got beat up I was too busy giving then I
know the rules and all I know is I ate
crap I got up about half dead and this
old man's good you're crazy man I'm like
flying he's like dropped in on me you
gotta watch your go
rulz old man you know read the rules and
regulations of the waves boys now I'm
going to parent-teacher conference and
those kids have better had been behaving
themselves and those teachers better
have good reports we're just talking
about how we always were so scared when
mom went to parent-teacher conference
cuz like she would come home and you'd
be like am I gonna be in trouble am I
gonna be in trouble did you ever get in
trouble for parent-teacher conference
Ronald yeah I mean I spent most of my
childhood grounded my own childhood
looked a lot like my bedroom played
accordion yeah I like I just read a lot
of books and like cried a lot dad I'm
gonna go home and hug my children tell
them I love them hey you guys where's my
Google glass you guys seen it who stole
it
what are you doing in a darkroom
technology face I'm watching a YouTube
video and I kissed I just stood on the
cheek oh it's an AI J on the cheek was
that at playlist live Justine Sun hurts
getting older and he wants to ask you to
the dance
I don't do you ask her out here's your
mommy she has a boyfriend though who
might beat you up what are you watching
um some cards best moments are you
googling yourself you would hear
googling yourself on Google glass yep I
just hear him in here cracking up one of
our viewers made a collage for a montage
of son cards best moments from the vlogs
and he's an ear just cracking up one
because I scared it when he was little
from a four year ago video and he
started crying and he's like stop it and
I just asked myself does that make you
mad at me
he said no makes me laugh hey let put
night rocker were those he hasn't worn
them yet Rock turkeys wear these glasses
it's like a video watch a video what
seek you can't learn Proctor danzig have
a bit of a struggle a power struggle
we'll see the video you see the video
watch the video
is that cool can you see the video right
here you should Google some cartoons and
let him watch cartoons can you see it
rocked art can you see the video funny
seeing him look off into space
alright teach your little brother how to
use them okay okay
bring them in bring them in bring them
in so I made a pact with the children I
have to leave right now I'm going to do
a podcast with rhett and Link and I have
pinky-swore pacted with them that if
this house is spotless by the time I
come home tonight I'll take them out to
a movie and get them all big fat treats
tomorrow so he doesn't go to treatment
hey Nicky boy we're thinking here okay
look I'm serious guys look at me it has
to be perfect I'm talking about floors
swept mopped vacuumed all the dishes
away if I come home and I feel like you
guys didn't do the best job we're not
going to movie tonight tomorrow okay
pinkie pact everybody kiss on it
kiss the pinkies ground nice hands Steve
okay bye I love you guys I'm headed to
go see rhett and Link through their
podcast check it out I'll let you know
when it's live thanks babe I love you
okay I'll leave you to that see you guys
I love you I am parked on the 405
interstate wait no I'm going one miles
an hour I'm going one my mind I'm
stopped traffic the best way to deal
with traffic is to accept the traffic
don't fight the traffic just be like
this is a great opportunity to just
relax and be alone with my thoughts you
know you know a guy named Shane Hart
Lane and Tim Horton I know Tim Martin
Shane Heartland twig needed and asked me
if I wanted to be on him and Tim's
podcast tomorrow and I said I can I'm
flying out do you know like I do I know
like that I feel like I do
Casey's hate telling me they're going
right now on their way to find out if
Kaylee's having a what she knows she's
having a baby huh to find out what kind
of baby a boy or a girl how do I know
him I know Shane Hartley that name
sounds familiar
now if he's watching this vlog I'm gonna
look like a jerk hey Shane love you
buddy
yeah Casey and Logan are headed to Idaho
tomorrow to go hunting are you talking
about Jason Horton I think you said Tim
Horton I think you mean Jason Horton is
the two white guys podcast is the other
one you're talking about cuz I've been
on that podcast and I definitely know
you're talking about I think you said
Tim Horton so you wanted to get coffee
in Canada Jason Horton Tim Lord you know
okay here we are with the boys hey but
probably I mean once you guys say once
you agree if I said right now that
you're two of the most talented
youtubers on youtube at this table it
doesn't rhett and Link in the flesh I've
known him for years honestly though you
guys you guys create great content
anytime like I'm trying to like explain
YouTube to like somebody that doesn't
know about YouTube like a family member
some I'm like well for instance watch
these guys video like I showed you know
that backwards pillow video you guys go
ahead I showed that to a ton of people
because they're like whoa that was
really good I'm like yeah that's that's
what I do but just not as good that
wasn't actually backwards we just we
have no around well you don't talk
you have the power to make things move
in Reverse it is good we have been told
that our videos are a great way to
introduce older people for sure yeah cuz
it's like oh I get it
I love the fact that you're talking into
this - I know right and I'm like I wish
it was because it sounds so good I like
the sound of my voice right laughs about
to take off my headphone put your
headphones on it's join art enjoy it
come to our level bro oh yeah doesn't
sound any different now alright I'll
tell them when when can they go listen
to this podcast okay you know what we
got to do some out of math this podcast
like two weeks in advance so like we'll
go live they need to listen to everyone
on Friday tell yours out Friday November
29th right after Thanksgiving you can
enjoy this with your families are you
home you really aren't talking into the
mic you're a DJ Tuesday September 28th
come ah dad oh we're gonna give you a
deal at a party you know what it's
called right ear biscuits right when you
first heard it your biscuits what did
you I thought I would download that
podcast and listen to it for free on
iTunes links below that's what I thought
but because I know them I'm probably
gonna stay away yeah I definitely know
subscribe no I in full honesty I
listened to the first episode on the way
here which took me an hour and a half
after your face is off alright I'll put
a link your best two weeks you can go
here let me talk about my feelings Oh
red link and it was quite the podcast I
was there talking with rhett and Link
for two hours straight and I think we
got into some stuff that I've actually
never talked about on youtube before
some stories about things that happened
to me in high school and it got pretty
in-depth at one point I'm like whoa why
am I talking about all this so yeah you
guys should definitely watch out for
that Rhett and Link's podcasts called
ear biscuits on iTunes you can download
it when is our podcast coming back I
don't know it's so tough with the kids
and we got to figure it out we will
bring when the kids go to sleep back I
promised the podcast will survive
click on that feeling lucky button maybe
I'll leave you a surprise one in there
we
over a hundred podcasts yeah we can't
just let it die there click on
yesterday's video if you want to see the
changes I was doing one two three and
four years ago you know okay love you
bye see you tomorrow
