you are not watching the shaitaan
just sit back relax follow along to the
things she says to the things he Jasper
school family and just because it's our
PDF NP ready for a video so let us be
cool hey he's Ryan
it's a little naked baby are you ready
for your bath baby
he still hasn't had a regular bath yet
because his umbilical cord hasn't fallen
off and typically they can't have a
regular bath and submerge the umbilical
cord until it falls off so still waiting
I'm not sure why the hospital died his
umbilical cord because they did I think
it helps dry it out or something but I
don't remember the other kids having a
dyed umbilical cord so he has a nice
dark black umbilical cord kind of weird
I don't know but he does not love his
sponge baths no he does not he just
screams at me the whole time so let's
see how it goes today hey hey bro tard
look at you you're just a little kicker
just a little kicker look at these feet
just look at these well well feet
that'll be wearied it's like my little
frog I think their bodies look like
frogs when they're first born
no offense frogs were cool bro yeah you
like frogs don't you don't you oh oh hi
are you gonna look at it well hi so
Celtic wow that is a cool tree year it's
out for a walk and Rock chart is finding
the coolest trees in the world this is
like a lord of the rings tree or like
Fern Gully or like Avatar where did you
go I can't oh there you are
five times you like that dream I got to
push this baby in a stroller I can't
climb trees today
so we're just trying to get a hang of
being a mom of five it is definitely
challenging but we are making it happen
without any makeup on of course but it's
happening right whoa you figured it out
oh look at you you are getting bigger
what am I gonna do with you
what
would you say we go between oh it's a
team
can you climb down you know how to get
down
we'll figure it out eventually
eventually or you can just live in the
tree one thing about being a mother of
five and time to get the kids off to
school is the fact that you just have to
let the baby cry sometimes because I
could not give him the attention I
needed to this morning so Shay tried to
help them but boy she doesn't want Shane
want me that I have the milk and I have
the monkey
crazy monkey face don't go too high okay
because I can't come up there and get
you anyways so we eventually got to
school the baby was fine but he did have
to cry a little bit this one you know
what that's okay that's part of life and
we be making it happen dude you're
climbing too high but being like your
sister all right it's time to come down
he was crazy kid I love you
haha I might have to get up there and
get you love to just put the brakes on
the stroller and climb up there you're
too high that's right I love you
we bouncing out to the gym round two you
ready to go I'm ready to go we're doing
two-a-days so the last day for the diet
bed those of you who are with us on chez
tober you guys are with us on bro vember
on shayloss you know that we did a
diabetis Evan percent of our body weight
I still have like a pound and a half to
lose so I have total sweat garb on and
we're headed to do the stair stepper
looks like I'm sweat out this last pound
so I can do my way in you guys I lied to
you I hate when I lie to you the reason
I lied to you is because I can read the
comments
I really have three point four pounds to
lose but I only said a pound because
that seems like I didn't wait till last
minute as bad but really I have to go
try to sweat out a three point four
pounds right now I did say a pound
earlier but that's a lie it's really
three point four right now I weigh 190
two point five and I need to get down to
one eighty nine point one so I'm in full
sweat gear to go see if I can sweat you
know three point whatever pounds what is
that okay you guys here's the math when
I started my diet bet I was 197 I have
to lose four percent that's seven point
eight eight pounds so 197 - seven point
eight eight pounds means I have to be at
one eighty nine point one two right now
I weigh 190 two point five - one eighty
nine point one equals three point four
pounds right now in the gym I used to
wrestle I was a wrestler I had to make
weight all the time I can do it now but
I don't feel too bad because we started
out shape tober when I was at 204 and
now I'm at 192 so I've lost 12 pounds
that's not bad at all and I've gained
some muscle I'm stronger than I've ever
been
I just gotta burn these last three point
five pounds reminds me when I was a
wrestler so I've done this plenty of
times in my life
you chew gum you spit you sweat you work
you monster you're all mine
okay I'm five minutes in and it feels
like it feels like when you go skiing
you know when you're all bundled up and
you go skiing and it like turns out to
be a really hot day and you're like it
to get done with the run and you're down
with the run and it's really hot I call
like bundled up in sweats and coats and
stuff you got your hat on it is still so
hot it's how I feel right now so I'm
just gonna imagine that I just got done
with a really cool ski run do you like
holding them here sleeping he's just too
floppy back the ball says little brother
uh-huh what you are getting so big okay
don't climb all the way up there that's
scaredy it scares mom it so we're still
doing the run around this week Jim swim
school that is one thing I've realized
that if I ever had another baby let's
try to make it happen during the summer
again because it's harder when it's
starting this pointer and you have four
other ones that are active in very many
different activities that's word to the
wise have a baby in the summertime looks
easier okay
I'm 15 minutes in now I'm feeling more
than the heat of the clothes film is
sweat sweat it's called sway filling the
sweat drip down every crack and crevice
of my body
feels good though and till my stomach
getting tight
now I didn't do this unhealthily you
guys I've been eating super clean
drinking a ton of water the last three
days I just got to the last day and I
thought should I go for it cuz I'm not
you know losing the weight just so I can
lose weight I want to be healthy so I
thought three and a half pounds I could
do that I might as well go for it how is
this close to being like you know what
it's fine I don't have to win the
diabetic it's cool if I don't get my
goal because I want to be healthy I'm
like so close I might as well just go do
really hard 45 minutes on the treadmill
get some sweat out detox away my body
and see if I can hit the number hey guys
we're on an adventure we're going to get
sandwiches and I've got forever with me
before youngest
very beautiful very beautiful and then
print this chart is pushing the rock
card for me and I've got the baby in
this handy dandy carrier and plus get
this don't be grossed out I'm eating it
right now
now you all and everybody else that was
listening
okay moment of truth got to go home
strip down get on the scale I did 30
minutes on the stair stepper 30 minutes
on the treadmill and I did ABS shoulders
triceps anything I could to get my
sweater
oh here's Ron I didn't see him in there
Ron where were you huh Ron was gonna
meet us there here's this car right
there okay
headed home for the way all right dude
moment of truth here moment of true time
for the truths moment I got this really
big black sweater on that's inside oh
that's that's lost why I got my socks on
oh I like those har gow song okay so I
get a lot though okay I got a look
stairs and get some skinny short cloud
all right here he be back momentarily
moment okay so before I went to the gym
I was one 92.5 in order to win the diet
bet I have to be 180 nine point one so
you have to lose how much Oh get it here
we go get it Oh baby oh lady come on
one eighty seven point six I lost five
pounds at the gym that's right dude
that's a huge relief five pounds of
sweat that's almost a gallon well you
know why like I said I've been drinking
a ton of water so I had a lot of water
in me so I sweated it all out I lost
five pounds to Jim so I did it so what
that means is not only one did I win the
diet bet I got my money back I wasn't
like the grand champion of it but I did
lose the four percent but when I started
when we started this we started remember
I was 204 now I'm at 187 that's 18
pounds I've lost 18 pounds since the 1st
of October that's great whoa your dad
knows when Shay loss what does that mean
you know that means we eaten tonight oh
yeah I'm gonna call flight tell her ring
me 18 inches of Subway home
oh that's so cool I gotta take my
picture to submit the dietbet oh I did
it okay we did it that was an adventure
I've got I had like seven coach this to
order no really I ordered five
sandwiches
there's no seven 7 eight 8 sandwiches 8
sandwiches with the
chess one of the stroller and to helping
me out
good job you guys high-five now we got
to carry this out there
Oh high fives for me too and we got all
our sandwiches and crap in there we
helped a lot cooks we did and I'm
definitely that fall I'm the one that
held
for 20 minutes while I ordered seven or
eight sandwiches
overweighting let the poor kids with me
but you know what you can judge me only
well i'm not feeling bad about it
because
so mom brought home dinner we had some
sandwiches and now everybody's working
on a little craft
I told princess Tarr that I wanted a
bracelet this year she's wearing all
these bracelets all the time is it done
that is cool is mine done yeah it's so
good what color is it can we look at it
we'll see when we're done son tart
making one over there
son tardes making a bracelet mami tardes
mami towards making a human person as
the boobs not making enough milk I don't
think they are right now he's eaten
twice on each side for like in the hour
he's had a lube in the right boob it's
not work not enough yeah yeah he wants
supplement he just heard me say that
this isn't what you say and then the
little me knows what are you guys doing
all cuz we're making a big turkey
if my class has to make a leaf like this
for the turkey visit one of salt and
pepper my salt and pepper
hey and what is rocked hard making what
are you making buddy huh what are you
making I don't think he really knows
good uh this duh can't you see it it's
it's yes is it done
okay another quitter you just yeah one
more band put like one hot pink one in
there at the very end this one right
here okay yeah that'll be cool then when
I'm at the gym lifting weights dude to
be like jealous of my rubber band that's
right yep another set excuse me can I
help you by helping Oh Hayes hitting my
head Wow Rose upset I just get these for
every man says yeah okay is it done it's
done it's done I want to wear it now you
guys don't me he's a big monkey working
projects well doing project
you're done come over here let me see it
oh you're freaking I have a bunch but
haha did you make all those yeah well I
made two of them
princess are made me this one Wow my
sister yeah
hold it is it ready yet wait jeepers
okay ready let's see it hold on get rid
of this monster ready well I guess I
like it that's nice thank you print
start I'm going to wear it all the time
yeah I missed the opening bring here huh
yay good boy good boy you got the end
slate guys Zeke fetch the end slate for
us what a nice doggy he is man those
moments at home at night are my favorite
moments of the day just hanging out with
the kids everybody's talking and you
know we tease each other and I wrestle
and bite um and we talk about what they
did in their day and those are my
favorite moments and I know a lot of
people are like why would you want five
kids I would not have it any other way
I know it seems like it's crazy to have
five kids but we love it we love every
second of it and it can get crazy and
tough but I know that we will look back
on these videos and years to come and
we'll be so grateful that we had these
experiences together in fact hi Shay hi
Shay in ten years from now
isn't it great are you glad you filmed
these videos so you can look back and
see what your life was like when during
this time hey Shay in ten years hope
you're not too gray and chubby and
balding and fat and ugly no you're
amazing you're the president Congrats on
being president Shay in ten years I
don't never happen see you guys tomorrow
click on a video
