dude this is meta this is meta I'm
watching Charles trippy's new vlog about
him opening his Google glass on my
Google glass hey baby he he's just
staring staring up into the world I love
a baby good morning guys kids still have
their fort you guys ready for a job you
rebuilt it it it looks much nicer now
it's a newer version it is ready for
school
uh-huh yeah rock and roll oh thank you
Wes you burlesque you have to find out
for another hour
no it's early release all week this week
okay I want to lean out like yeah you
know why it's really released
parent-teacher conferences that mean
we're gonna be finding out from your
teachers how you guys are doing it's all
this week call it out am I gonna be
disappointed are you guys gonna be good
oh yeah
are you thinking about weird oh no no
I'm not weird oh yes you are
really a Swifter forever
what's the swifter swifter swifter
swifter my Swiffer Swift earth all right
Taylor okay let's go to school all right
I'm here with my little buddy it's time
to go shopping on Hey look at mommy's
that is bread problem we need to go to
the store and get bread and he's super
excited he's been dancing the whole time
that's bread thanks dad okay but we want
a different kind of bread not that kind
let's pick a different kind how about
this one you grab that one like loco we
want the wheat stuff yeah that one go
it'll work
can you get it no good okay put it
in the basket
yay thank you I just had deja vu I think
we've done this before it's running
circles around people I'm just gonna
walk away here something like it out
earlier
what is that rocked hard okay yeah a
tire we're trying to find Zeke a new toy
huh cuz he's pretty much destroyed all
of his old ones mine you're not a dog
this is that toy area I'm not a boy toy
areas nice no we're just getting Zeke's
toys today my guess what because
christmas is coming and you'll have to
ask Santa for the stuff you want he can
chicken chicken Mickey Mouse yeah you
never know which toy to pick out for
Zeke because he likes to destroy all of
his toys but he likes to play tug of war
and fetch so it's fun to find something
that you can kind of pick either way
look how excited he is about everything
okay we just picked up the kids from
school if you have a good day at school
or did you yes okay that's good for you
I'm so happy for you I'm glad you
learned your arithmetic you guys look at
your brother your uncle Logan you're not
gonna see him for two whole years years
24 months look at him look at Logan so
what we got Oh guys I am ever quite
amazed I had because of Charles Trippy
Charles Trippy bounce CTFxC he forwarded
me this email of a girl who gave him a
Google glass invite she also gave me a
Google glass invite Thank You girl
remember name yesterday we're at San
Francisco International Airport I
ordered said Google glass it's here
the next day before noon I ordered these
at 4:00 in the afternoon yesterday they
got to my house before noon today I'll
bump it up a bomb good job Google glass
very
Pop's fun you gotta teach me how to use
those I'll teach you how to dougie is
what I'm gonna do oh I love when you
with Google glass with Google glass on
you will learn how to dougie with flow
gimmick dude you guys are gonna get a
point of view dougie dance
what who doesn't want a point of view
dougie dance teach me teach me teacher
t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t it's a Google glass
it's the future princess card these are
the shades so you can wear outside when
I'm gonna wear those in my car do it you
guys these are the future these are the
sign of the base coolest sunglasses ever
it's a computer on your face you want to
wear a computer on your face what you
got a conversation we'll say you said
it's like those glasses can tell like
what you eat for lunch and you put it
that's that's more of a Ray Kurzweil
transcendent man kind of thing that's
still in about 15 to 20 years when we
start to implant chips into our brain
son tard that doesn't happen quite yet
okay well you said raz√≥n he just leaves
glasses wow this is are those them are
you wearing my Google glass dude you're
wearing my Google glass I'm future
este shirt I'm future I have no idea how
they work you know I'm probably the
least deserving person of Google glass
because I'm like I don't know how to
work technology so I'm glad Logan's here
he can teach me how to wear them oh you
put on your face okay firing them up God
are you turning them on or booting up
why are you getting to turn them on
before I get to turn them on you can
okay I do let me turn them off I'm your
daughter
you're my daughter yes okay let's look
at home are they on right now yeah what
are they doing it's just telling it's
just the startup menu what do you I want
to know I want to say can you see it if
you look really close it says glass oh
yeah you see it you see it just turned
on boom it adjusts from dark to light
that's awesome what do you see now do
you see the future which I can the
future Logan I can see hoverboards
whoa watch out there's a trailer full of
poop poop it's a reference Oh back to
the future I get it
uh there's a lot of poop in the future
so I hope you guys are ready bring your
shovel oh all right I'm gonna go get
some juice
all right so baby tard is in the future
what do you think
is that cool ah don't go cross-eyed what
are you looking at dude this is weird
thank you your fingers on your face now
yeah hey are you looking at me yeah but
it's not playing video only have to tell
it to slide it down that's weird that's
the future baby tard one day will chips
into your face can you see me not
anymore
look can't touch it in the air you just
see it okay you guys your job is to get
really good at those then teach me how
to use on the head right okay okay yeah
I know how to put it on the camera well
you're so smart your your circles open
the hood one try Google glass bro I bet
your rock car will be the best at it
hey you're know totally you dumb don't
talk to Google glass that way we really
talk to Siri that way turns oh yeah what
do you see hello take a panoramic
picture and then let him look at that
I'm trying to go wait out but I can only
take normal pictures right now cool and
I don't want you seen videos she's kids
how to use it I wish I could see what
they're freaking sued you know you
should do is get on a GoPro YouTube
video and then it's like you're gonna be
in on that and if I go running as you're
watching a GoPro video then you're doing
that thing run on the treadmill as you
watch a GoPro running video that's the
future dude seriously think about that
hein bomb you shoot a GoPro video of you
running through like a really cool
forest like a trail on the forest and
then you watch that video as you're
running on the treadmill and it feels
like you're running no yeah
oh they have a treadmill that has like a
TV and it has settings like you can fly
and it will show the actual value there
to thought of that look say GoPro video
running through the Alps huh
coach 101 through the Alps bro I like
how they look a close one eye and I just
gotta get good at not closing that one I
teach them how to use a luckier
I wish I could see what you're seeing
right now shake it shake our video said
watch this asked question
uh who is Spri Mars just the way you did
I pull it up yeah
live grenade check video cameras right
over there some rich guy answers a
question right you should never use
answers to questions such as from doctor
or lawyer this page is for providing
interest the question live what that I
never you ask it a question dude oh
what's that what do you want to know I
don't know that's crazy
neck remodel in my mind brain oh yeah
guys like my headphones they're my new
headphones I'm editing alright everybody
get out after work here hey you guys get
out of here I'm working hate these work
conditions you want me to tell your
father that you are not listening to me
Jay come in here why are you not
listening to Shane I told you not to
shame teach that brat none listen to me
he's trying to feel look oh let him eat
your nose okay that's it for the use
Milan you're so precious you peel the
potatoes to it yes I'll build them
potatoes base to hey what do you think
about the people who criticize us for
letting our daughters hold the baby oh I
think so what sorry
Chuckster this is a family affair we
raised each other we're a team we do
this together yeah we scratch
oh yes we always are very very adamant
about them holding his head supporting
his back and be very careful and their
good little moms that's how you teach
these kids to be part of this neck it's
good it's good
babies are durable too seriously I twist
him all over the place he's fine so quit
freaking out
hey you painting a painting what kind of
painting you paintin a purple paintin I
love when you paint the purple paintin
hey let me see your face looks kind of
dirty I'm not here playing planning the
mud hey kids what are you doing out here
cleaning up the yard I've been I like it
dude look at that sunset
and we just appreciate that for a minute
Wow I like that sunset so I want to see
this during the day now guys like rake
the gravel so nice got the pumpkin
standing guard I was gonna tell you guys
that I think you guys built a better
fort than I ever built when I was your
age Thanks you guys are the best you're
good little mommies - you love that
little baby yeah let's go scare mommy
all right let's go see we can scare
right here
Oh pretend you're scared kay ready hey I
got you I'm scared
I I scared you
hey cornholio what's going on do you
need some TP for your bungholio okay
good just let out ask hey your mom wants
him she wants to feed him this one this
princess card what's your name again
okay I'm gonna wait jobs I need to kill
my parents
okay hey cornholio has a question please
he's punching me in the bum what's your
question it's my baby dance
ha ha that is a great baby dance
let's see your baby dance Ezekiel
alright mommy feeds a baby
the girls peel the carrots yes now you
change the jokes um huh yes no those
carrots look right here this you guys I
want to see me wanna see how fast I can
do it let me give you an example I'm a
professional at this watch me what okay
you ready for this watch you guys see if
you can peel a carrot as fast as me baby
tard you count princess start you say go
go one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten for 256 done twenty
twenty seconds beat that is not 20
seconds 20 seconds one two three four
five six seven spiral s not talking them
don't you oh you are in a milk I should
I love you
we're about to get a performance from
two maestro's let's hear it
yeah that's good
I'm impressed whoa break it down
lb a dollar please well I'd have to pay
for this performance
did I prepaid my tickets online here my
receipts okay how about I let you saw my
feet Oh what you know money-grubber
ain't giving you nothing come on time to
eat dinner hey you know what purses hurt
you know I'm gonna give you I'm gonna
give you food to eat for the night okay
okay I won't even charge you for the
food that I bought for you okay okay
good deal
let's go come on dinnertime move it
dinnertime beeps two beeps ooh it's
steaming hot yeah looks really good
I'm already jumping on my job because I
know Rock Caudill come in boys
- hot hot me sing a song for me I love
you guys shoot that remaining in the
song from Lane is what when they're in
the bar sing it matter of the house that
did it uh I don't know the words but I
like that song huh let me see little
Betty how you doing Pam pumpkin good
little buddy else wants beef stew dude
this is Metta this is Metta I'm watching
Charles trippi's new vlog about him
opening his Google glass on my Google
glass that makes me laugh that makes me
laugh dude this is so cool
he just said where is John Connor I am
watching Charles open his Google glass
did I say that already I think I said
that already I figured out how to do it
Logan taught me you gotta like swipe
your finger and then open and then
select link look Ally just put them on
and you put her favorite hands over her
face you guys here listen listen
can you hear wait can you see it Ali
said when you're when you're looking at
him it's like you're looking off in
space and now he's white now he's
filming a video with her honey this is
crazy you look great
technology is crazy oh there's me I'm
naked I'm not naked I have shorts on I
just got on the show no I just got done
washing Ezekiel Vicki oh dude I'm gonna
watch a tutorial on how to wash my dog
while I wash my dog do they make these
things waterproof yet come on Google get
with the program
and I haven't got it's easier if I close
my left eye now I'm watching Charles
play with his dogs with his Google glass
dude this is amazing now Lauren's on him
you guys are watching me watch a Charles
Trippy video with Google glass this is
just crazy
what's rock art doing you look like
you're in trouble young man what do you
have you look like you're in big trouble
what is that look like a guilty face
they're rubber band what's better
rock music you're gonna get in trouble
yeah dude you better put the liver bands
away all right this is crazy
quit looking at me in the mirror with my
shirt off you perverts I don't think I
would like it I was like I don't like
technology I don't like him to figure
everything out and stuff but I think
what I'll probably do is usually is to
watch YouTube videos as I like brush my
teeth and clean the house and do chores
I'll just well I'll just have these on
and like watch YouTube videos as I'm
doing stuff crazy son tard use him to
call grandma tard earlier mm-hmm he was
he used Logan's phone to Bluetooth with
the Google glass and called grandma tart
this is crazy all right so you guys
tomorrow bye master of the house quick
to catch your eye never wants a passerby
to pass him by servant to the poor
Butler to the great comforter
philosopher and lifelong mate oh my
technology it's so crazy what do you
guys think about Google glass do you
think it's dangerous do you think it's
the downfall of the Hugh
species or do you think it'll help us I
know that technology has brought my
career quite to the leaps and bounds and
a speaking of technology I was
overwhelmed by the amount of comments in
yesterday's vlog talking about our solar
panels what you guys do and looking at
our solar panels keep your eyes off our
solar panels yeah we have solar panels
on the top of our house and that makes
our power bill $0 and when your power
bill is $0 that's good a big shout-out
to the bright burning ball of gas in the
sky for all the power we appreciate it
yeah we love our solar panels a lot of
you I saw yesterday asking about those
cook on yesterday's vlog click on that
feeling lucky button if you want to see
what the shade harder to do it one two
three and four years ago today click on
this corresponding numbers you hardly
say it a million times just know it I
love and Seeta Baba I and scene
