hi login here it's time to go home back
mom and the kids so it is Monday morning
and had a blast at the game yesterday I
brought Casey and Logan out here it was
kind of a surprise they didn't know
about it but we are working on a video I
can't tell you what it is yet it'll be
on the shaycarl channel in a couple
weeks it's a brand video got a brand
deal and I thought I'd bring Casey and
logo along for the ride okay so Casey
Logan are coming down to my room right
now and then we're going to go out and
try to see a few of the sights in San
Francisco but we have to catch a flight
at 3:00 so it's literally like an
in-and-out trip we were gonna do a
meet-up but it was kind of like
last-minute and you know we don't have
much time so we're gonna go see some of
the sights of San Francisco let's see
what Casey and Logan are supposed to be
coming down right now we're dad I hear
some knocking what do you want whoa I
was just gonna run the car through you
guys ready to go back to Los Angeles
right now a perfect um watch out you're
not I go see stuff like that I just woke
up from a nap and it's Veterans Day so
all the kids are at home and I just sort
of left the older ones in charge and
right now
what are you guys doing that's a club a
special hammock and this is these are
our schools and that's our Sam Carden is
that hammock in the tree yeah oh let me
walk down the path and hopefully I don't
get muddy oh look at this oh that's
adorable hang jackets that says hang
jackets that's the lost and found
yeah that's the whole of water bottle of
things in the water bottle yeah in Jack
and hat there's all there's a bowler
book shelf
oh I see all right our hand attached are
enough good deeds there you're Hannah
tiser your hand sanitizer that is so
cool I love it
what is that over there that you guys
are playing in our pool wow this is an
up class Shack they even got a pool so
cute I was listening to them screaming
and I was like about to get mad and I'm
like what doing even so I came out here
to see he can't yell at this it's
adorable right I know but they're going
to get really muddy you know it's kind
of a mess but it's adorable that's what
you got to do when you're kids you got
to build forts and you gotta make pools
with buckets and stuff I love it I
remember as a kid building a giant mud
like a big hole in our garden when it
was off
have anything planted there and just
filling it up with water so obviously it
was like this giant mud pit and it was
so much fun and we got covered with mud
and I remember my mom like just letting
us do it and I thinking she's not even
getting mad at us for like getting in
the mud and we're so muddy and it's
awesome
so sometimes you gotta let your kids be
kids right get in the mud guys there she
is the Golden Gate Bridge boys most
famous bridge in all the world
alright so we are checking out the
Golden Gate Bridge right before we leave
San Francisco every time I come to San
Francisco without fail I wish I had more
time to spend here it's so cool it's so
green there's just so much culture and
different places to see and like
landmarks just it's a cool city man I'm
jealous if you live here oh and also
there's that that is gorgeous
Golden Gate Bridge baby it is a
beautiful day like a dad man it's a feat
of human endeavor right there ladies and
gentlemen the Logan is getting shots
Casey's getting shots they have to make
videos for this video we're working on
right even talking in my sink in the
camera I know what what
selfie video I'm doing a selfie video
that's what vlogging is hey guys I'm
doing a selfie video right now good to
see you the first time maybe one of the
first times I came to San Francisco was
for YouTube live when that huge event
you guys don't care if I told the story
anyways it's a good memory between me
and my wife I love you honey I miss you
me and Colette one night at like
midnight we went on this like covert
operation where we came down here we
snuck around a fence and we got right
underneath the Golden Gate Bridge and
there was like this little sand beach
down there we were running down in case
you can't block well I'm vlogging turn
off your camera still hold on Louis are
there something selfie video ping what
that call video can't remember you want
us to vlog as you walk so we're part of
a video from the anyways me and Colette
came down it was a very romantic evening
we were running on the beach talking and
laughing and I had it all on this little
mini flip camera the very first flip
camera I ever got I still have that
camera and I lost the footage somehow it
got deleted off my camera
we think when we went through airport
security got deleted I was so sad
because it was like very memorable night
baby you remember least me and her have
that memory together oh that's so sweet
all right here's the girls pull the
kiddie pool this must be the kiddie pool
and this must be the adult pool it's
deeper that's cute right yeah I love you
guys I love you will you be offended if
I don't get in your pool
Oh we'd be offended if I don't get in
your pool no if I don't get in it means
will you be mad if I don't get in your
pool yes we'll be very mad we don'twe me
it's kind of cold cold I bet I can tell
ROC guards like look you did did you
really / oh yeah so daddy disgusting oh
my gosh I'm getting out of this Pete oh
you guys are getting pee all over my
body doesn't like it kids be in Eddy
pool see if any matter how big or small
don't pee in the pool guys it's
disgusting that right there everybody is
Alcatraz the rock that's where Sean
Connery lived in the movie the raw I was
just saying on the right over here cuz I
been to San Francisco now maybe five or
six times because of YouTube it's
because of this little website that I
have traveled this world a ton
throughout the country throughout the
United States of America but I've also
been able to go to Toronto Canada
Australia all because of YouTube got one
week all the same fish we caught one and
like any good grandpa you let the
grandkids reel it in that's cool that's
what's good in the world the dad around
wasn't Asian I think that's the kids do
this one part of real on that end
nice job
who's scared of it
it's gonna get you it's pretty chase
your brother with it she's excited
that's cool good job so that was a
really cool experience I just talked to
that guy the guy who just caught that
fish his name is Billy hi Billy
how's it going I just met you right here
down at the San Francisco bridge the : k
bridge I met you at the San Francisco
Thanks for meeting me at the San
Francisco anyways so uh Billy he came up
to me after he saw that I film that he's
like hey will you send me that clip like
he wanted to see that I guess those are
his friends kids and so he's just down
here fishing and when he catches a fish
he lets them reel it in and get that
experience with that girl who was so
happy she was cracking up and her
brothers like put it down put it down
cool moments here so uh here Billy this
is for you hey babe I found the spot
where we snuck around the fence right
down here remember okay so here's the
Golden Gate Bridge so one night probably
about five years ago Colette and I came
down parked right here and there's a
fence right here that you can't really
get around unless you climb down on
those rocks baby remember that see the
little fence right there we climbed down
on those rocks went around that fence
and then we went and played underneath
the Golden Gate Bridge in the sand right
underneath there and I had all this cool
footage of us playing there and like
flirting and dancing and stuff and
somehow it got deleted we think because
when we went through the airport
screening like the scanner at the
airport it deleted the footage off the
flip cam I was really sad but baby
remember that was awesome all right
we're driving across the most famous
bridge in the world it is the most
famous bridge in the world
like it is it's dang cool this is a cool
bridge well lo you have a good time in
San Francisco I did I had a great time
it was quite the journey we're back in
LA about to go see mommy tarde in the
children and I guess they're building a
fort of some sort a fort of some sort
say that five times sported some sort
afforded some sort of four to some sort
so I have to act surprised and excited
and like I think their fort is good but
you know what no I'm not gonna patronize
my children if it's not good I'll tell
them it's not good if it's good I'll
tell them it's good but if it's a crappy
fort and I myself as a nine-year-old
built a better for it to them I will
inform them of that fact if you're not
gonna build a subpar fort in my house
and get credit for it right is that I'm
saying I know what you're saying no tell
them no good for cadet soak you know if
it's a bad for you're gonna hear about
it if it doesn't have structural
integrity then they're not gonna have
you know some props from their father or
something okay let's go see they're for
it alright let's see this fort hey Buffy
hi puppy hey love you feeding that baby
hmm
all right I wanna see it okay let's see
it better be good you guys if it's not
good I'm not gonna tell you it's good
it's not good oh it's in the backyard
okay give flashlights let me see your
flashlight okay explain to me what do we
got here these are swimming pools do you
guys get in them yeah okay oh you guys
have really uh-uh
oh there's a giant monster for just
hardened hey emmi baby died you can say
the names if you want okay you guys
didn't say the name so what'd he do
you're a bounty give her mom bro you're
ruining the fort
this looks good
come over here oh and we put a hammock
in the tree oh that's what I like
nice Oh what's this what's in here can I
come in the fort it's kind of do you
stack these tires up yeah what are we
doing here
I can we tell all the secrets you guys
really put some time into this you have
like a filing cabinet are those BMW
wheels yep Wow where'd you get those you
guys robbed some cars in the back you
have a fort made out of BMW well that's
not bad right what else baby talks are
not allowed to be Oh
rule number ones being broken right now
he just wants to be part of the crew
who's curtain is this is he guys using
somebody's sheet what's going on over
here is this the ball garden all right
I'm gonna go inside and make out with
your mom some more okay great for you
guys good fantastic job I love you did
you guys miss me yeah I love you guys I
love you I can't let go of it okay don't
ever let go
thank 75 there we put this on this over
and we're ready to play
good job let's start watering the grass
and mowing it to you guys and this
backyard can start looking halfway
decent just kept going down to me so we
put it back on lupus
I think now that you guys have spent so
much time back here on making your floor
and cleaning up poop I think you guys
respect it a little bit for hours it
looks great Alison joy thank you let's
start working on the backyard and making
it look good what do you guys say what
don't fall bro okay win what sometimes
when we were come on okay we're going
inside now I want to see something else
but the backyard honestly does look
better they've been out here like
straightening everything up the
collectible cigar tray Oh number 106 one
of 3,000 let's get some cigars Wow
awesome I can't smoke some cigars no
we're not we just we just her I don't
use it for smoking but it's awesome what
do you use it for I don't miss a payment
well he does I don't know Chris 2008
is that yours where'd you find it mmm
what's probably their landlord so be
careful with it we'll leave it here when
we leave trying to smoke too many cigars
out of it okay
Superman I have some Cubans in my back
pocket oh those are illegal Superman
okay you guys the kids haven't seen the
vlog for today so I'm going to show them
the end of today's vlog and see what
they think of it
free rap food he's not a gay right there
for this respite there's a rap dude
right there you are coming at my light
sir he's hanging my head up pop now
focus I guarantee you that's record dang
it
okay look it's real I walked down on to
looking for routine
little bandit
hey miss mcgoun I really did scare me
look you like yeah it's scary I get you
guys really did I could hear the music I
was a key added that there was no
orchestra when I was looking for that
record big agency because I wouldn't be
afraid of that ref who no two totally
got this he really did we're gonna say I
was sitting here just like I am now like
I do seven times a day and feeding the
baby and watching it and when that part
happened he was he did God you broke our
he hooked up or poison he's hooked up
right did it scare you or were you I was
startled but he was like one part role
haha oh there's my rocky tard hey
pumpkin you sleeping hey he's all sweaty
how was it
look at that about cute hey buddy
daddy's home
I love you another pumpkin I love you
and Dad what when you were gone yeah he
could jump on the bed did you spank him
no he needs a spanking he might jump on
the bed in the morning you jump on the
bed in the morning is by looking for his
daddy yeah yeah I love you buddy
he would take his usual place underneath
the bed here get into the bed and mope
about with it like he really does know
if it's me all right love you guys see
you tomorrow so I've been getting a lot
of tweets from people who apparently
have raccoon phobias so to all of you
who are deathly afraid of raccoons I
really apologize for the ending of
yesterday's vlog it makes me laugh kind
of thanks for watching today's wall you
guys we appreciate you being on this
journey we call la vida loca
crazy check out yesterday's walk hey
I've been getting tweets of those of you
who are finding similarities between the
one two three and four year ago videos
if this is the first time you've watched
a Shaytards video well where you've been
we've been doing this for a while almost
five years almost 1800 Shaytards idios
for you to go watch if you want to see
what we were doing exactly on this day
one year ago click on the 1 2 3 & 4 for
those corresponding years and find
similarities there have been some pretty
unique similarities between the years
and then if you want to click on
something lucky
click on that lucky button you spin and
smiling for you and I will see you guys
tomorrow once again like every day
