okay we're rolling on this okay so
here's the situation we are in San
Francisco California with Justin Bieber
thought there is Justin Bieber so we
went to the San Francisco 49ers versus
the Carolina Panthers game today they
lost
spoiler alert very frustrating they
kicked three field goals couldn't score
a touchdown what's up Kaepernick he lost
the game for us so me and Logan and my
brother Casey they're all my brothers
we're down here and it took us two hours
to get out of the parking lot at
Candlestick Park
what is up San Francisco you need to
talk about some efficiency problems with
your stadium any of you from San
Francisco tried to get out of a 49ers
game two hours I'm not complaining it
was fun I got its new coat and we're
just hanging out and I just realized as
we were driving here to appear 39 then I
hadn't uploaded a one-take Sunday and I
actually had a really cool plan for one
thing Sunday but my computer is in the
car and I don't have internet so I'm
gonna try to upload some fun what are we
doing
oh they're down here okay Casey hi say
hi floud look at around it's like raw
49ers look oh you have your Jersey where
you take your Jersey off yeah it was
really the Jersey was longer than the
coat and I thought I'd get me a fun
outside - no don't be don't worry about
that
look at my coat show my coat like this
boom that's a real authentic wool okay
no the situation is we're flying back to
LA tomorrow morning this is just like a
one day trip because Logan is leaving on
his mission to Buenos Aires Argentina on
December 4th so he only has three weeks
and then he is out of the country yeah
little crab house let's go through so
another crab house was cooked crab
houses I'm gonna yep
that's what we're doing we go to crab
house so we are down here on the wharf
cover the time of our lives slogans you
like the game it was freaking awesome
there was big animal like men playing a
game against each other they had tight
pants tight pants tight pants on the
field that is the very first NFL
football game that me and Casey and
Logan have ever been to
hey man collect came here last time
we're here
when me and Colette came in round the
half-marathon we came here oh it's so
good it smells so delicious
I was missus ad I remember that blog but
who knows we're at the crab house we're
gonna get some crab at the crab house
because it is delicious sorry about the
loss today sorry about the loss sting it
it was it was sad but it was fun and
there's a lot of like camaraderie at the
game everybody was cheering yeah dude we
got unlimited oysters last time I was
here so I'm back home tomorrow with my
family
mommy tard we did just have a fifth baby
but she gave me permission to come out
because Logan is leaving for two years
so it's like one last two raw with the
brothers so she gave me permission to
grow all right okay good I'm excited and
that game was awesome an amazing it was
fun it was fun
all right so we need some crab do
brothers stuff and I'll see you guys
tomorrow dude we're getting at him that
quick I'm not listen you guys are gonna
think I'm making this up
me and coincided this exact same table
was she wearing a gold shoe coat no all
right little cup okay I know look at
this
go show the all-you-can-eat walk over
there you do it yes I'm going to show
you this all you can eat crap yeah don't
get that you guys can I just show this
real quick look at that we're gonna get
that on order that thank you that looks
delicious
I need I need three of those bibs those
look delicious we get that you wanna get
that clean I guess we'll do it let me
think about it
think about it yep yep we're gonna do it
all-you-can-eat crab pier 39 hanging out
with the brothers love you guys see you
tomorrow bye
