hi I'm login here ads fraud I'm okay
kids what are you going to do today at
school to make the world a better place
that's a loaded question tonight vendor
present Oh give your friend a present
which it happens to be a conglomerate of
old toys of yours right oh look there's
the string camera I'm learning I'm
drying I'm getting used to this camera
at work with me here Bob turn what are
you going to do to make the world a
better place today
watch me backpack okay how about you son
good that's a very good one try to do
your best on your tests if you have any
wrote are ready Gondo wait please
and how about you princess and probably
get it pick up trash oh that's a great
idea you could say hi to somebody say
hello to somebody that you haven't
before you are lovely yes yes and they
oh thank you thank you thank you thank
you
oh boy we're so la now so totally
exclude any like new honey years so we
have all right
we have determined that that is the
soundtrack to rock tarts life yes you
sing this song all day long all the time
and it's adorable
you like the stock song note you that's
his favorite song like mom go talk to me
I'm working on my next next verse of the
song well I like you what a way to start
the day I like watermelon my name Jay
hey what's going on good to meet you
yeah a nice suck rapping have you been
writing dude I've been writing it all
night downloaded on iTunes oh you never
know might be mud nets to single yo son
if I'm going running you you are running
under virtually that giant gorillas
chasing you watch The Rock chart play
what is this called a tempo run nothing
more than a today's game
good you like this game oh he's coming
to join you gorilla chasing you
dang it got you that exciting that make
you feel anxious Maurice Jason you this
looks like a crazy game pretty jump oh
now you got a role in a turn dude I
don't want that good what's his name
that face the code side it is technology
and children they're so intuitive you
know it's like these kids these days I
just pick it right up right I know my I
have a good eye hasn't been planted in
his head he died downloading information
right now wide web it's true he's gonna
know all these games before he even
touches him right back okay bye I'm
going running with my melon come on big
fat dog I'm gonna run with Daddy
you can't you can't hang dude you get
tired up for three miles I guarantee it
you're a woof I don't bite me all right
I'm going running with Casey Ron and
Carly let's do it whose palm tree
oh yeah Stacy quiet I'm talking about
the palm-trees jerk
we're just discussing the new comment
section on YouTube
what if you're right guys I mean golly
can they just stick to something protest
that's not gonna happen listen you can't
fight the system and you just gotta
figure out how it works and embrace it
if you're like this sucks just you know
that's this biggest that's one of my
biggest tips as a youtuber don't
complain about the new site changes just
learn how to work them and work them you
know I'm saying exactly like um I'm what
like when slavery was around they should
just you know shut your mouth and pick
the cotton okay life and what it gives
you try to change it don't make your
life better if you were born without any
legs you're screwed what are you gonna
do if you don't have any legs yeah oh
you're at a wheelchair I didn't Bennett
the Tesla we were just talking about we
met at a freakin car you can change
things like the comment section just get
used to it you guys Google is in charge
of everything and they want to
incorporate Google+ into the comment
sections on YouTube so get a Google+ and
get used to it cuz you wait change and
pop of Google's mind they're in charge
of everything it's true
I didn't mean to compare Google+ you
better you better watch out your google
adsense account just got deleted oh you
better apologize to google their labs
for you right now okay we're going to
run on the beach yeah okay that's a wrap
on a six and a half mile run good job
everybody there's pretty cool gue sticks
right here hey Shay garlic z103 Idaho's
number one hit music family
tante Ron Tom to go watch shayloss guys
seriously everyone can benefit from it
it's not just about losing weight and
you know some of you may even be scared
too you know it scared to push your
money move scares up now lost care we
all know about shale water what you know
what will snap the water bottle soft
shoes oh-ho their shoes you know about
oh yeah who knows that bad there's
people all right six and a half miles
fill great man no better way to start a
day than to get it off with a good run
yeah is he smiling happy
let him smile taxi oh yeah I saw a
comment on yesterday's vlog that said
who was that blond woman and why is she
living with them I thought she had two
daughters and a son
oh people where were your children you
guys isn't my sister my sister Carly
she's in LA for another few days
and um and we're just so excited to have
her here you want me to kick your ball
and then there's Christina oh you've
been in vlogs before right that's a true
Shaytards
trivia wife oh really Shh arts trivia
who's Christina
does anybody know Christina it's a
trivia hey Derrick trivia for a thousand
kids are boys booze Christina whoever
guesses gets to have bro tard we will
send him to you we'll stepless stuff him
in a shaycarl Argyle sock and ship him
over to you I know I am nope you're
disqualified from this competition I
want this baby he was smiling but he's
just it was when I was dreaming dream
dream look at it the best part of the
baby's room the love
what part a piece you like the face yeah
that's a pretty few partment and the
feet my Haitian hey you are gorgeous and
look do you realize how you're sitting
right now you could not sit like that
two weeks ago huh are you grateful that
nice fun fun not being pregnant
crisscross applesauce
remember that time yeah next time you
wanna have another baby remember that
you guys me and Colette were having a
fight today cuz I said I think we're
done she want me k times leave it I want
that to be marked on the record that I
got punched in the face three times
today by my wife just so you guys know I
think that we should be done having
children and she said well I just feel
like that maybe there's a sixth one what
what too early to tell obviously I just
barely pushed number five oh I'm not
like do we don't even have room in this
van for any more kids
the we fill the van to the brim with
humanoids the van is brimming with
humanoids he'll have a new van before we
would get it do they have any passenger
vans 8d if we have to start getting like
a giant utility van like they take like
at the airport even make Cadillac
Escalades with a passenger van I'll have
one of those they do have eight
passenger a Cadillac Escalades you you
guys can't get one of those hey Cadillac
and can I do a brand deal with Cadillac
will they give me a Cadillac Escalade
honestly though Toyota Honda
I love Honda or Toyota or Cadillac you
should give the Shaytards a free car
think about the promotion we are in this
car
every day so much Honda Honda Odyssey
give us a new van Honda I do that can I
ask for new cars we have my youtube
videos it doesn't mean squat but I
really want that desk I really want
peas does anybody have any contacts at
Cadillac at the Cadillac motor company
can they get me an Escalade how every
cool I'd be like a rapper I want to be a
daddy rapper yeah you know it look hot
in my guy socks when I step on the spot
you know it's time to rock I pull them
over to the top of my chinny chin Chin's
I'm a hog on twins wearing out see I'm a
daddy rapper I should have an Escalade
oh you're so dope bro freshness what
even if you have 50 more cake you'll
have to have two limos two limos okay
well 50 more kids and get two limos I
think the word they used these days is
sick isn't that isn't that what the kid
man you're so hip sick
that's frankerz frankez is dope
freshness Tom don't freshness son just
Eugene or sod
yeah don't brush the sad side do the
cookie dance do the cookie dance I was
mad I feel bad because they asked us to
be in the music video for the cookie
dance but I was slammed I couldn't be
enough only bad guys tweet tweet tweet
prank first break and tell him a TED
tweet Jesse time sorry I wanted me in
the cookie dance I love cookies I'll eat
a cookie with you Jesse sad okay bye
Escalade send me an Escalade Caleb you
buy I don't pick up some tire from
Charlotte I'm okay alright that's a
little excited we're going out to dinner
I got your left here okay bye hey guys
check it out there's the Santa Monica
Pier and we are how far away how far
away are we
we are 65 feet away that's a long ways
away
I didn't realize we're that far away
whoa nice around the world bro can you
get it back up
yes I'm yes
okay so we are at the Third Street
Promenade parking structure and I've
never been to the top of this I said you
guys let's go to the very very top
because it's so freakin crowded because
it's Friday night every is like fighting
for positions I'm like I don't care
we're gonna go to the very very top and
they can see the ocean we can see the
whole world you guys look at like
looking at the whole world speaking of
the world
she just went around it with his yo yo
dude let me do that that's good man
don't get hit in the face here vlog me
I'm gonna show you how it's done my
friend ready oh snap
they mark hold on dude how do you it's
not I don't you don't do it so hard i
dude it's not oh gosh ready so it's
still I promise on it way still try not
to flinch ready oh very very very very
still let's get back the lens all they
really matter you don't move reading
don't come any closer
oh is that scary can you stick on unless
yes it's like wow that's awesome
holy cow anyways Karen about to eat okay
all right you guys we are here at Buchan
to beppo's yeah oh yes I want I want
that about to see make sure
but there's a planetarium what's up like
hi hey guys just so you know for your
dining experience that picture of that
fat man jumping in that bowl of
spaghetti is me serious yes that's
really me I lost a hundred pounds since
then but every time to have a buyer look
up they're gonna touch a world record
biggest okay do it
have a good dinner hey guys Jack did you
see you see your face
you weren't it green shirt up I haven't
no I gave it away I see you don't know I
have the video I have the YouTube video
to prove it
next same pictures in the same place
that the other one is it really having a
goal of that walk there oh here we are
big dinner table I painted a derangement
of cute your babies next to you the
cutest okay crazy well you'll get one
pretty soon in few months you probably
not my cutest ever
I think you like to dance
with all these colors how am L why is
doing because the internet already
already does that all the time so this
for you guys ready ready just all the
kids are down here look who just showed
up ready in turn you gotta teach how to
be a brat later he's sleeping right now
he's are so small I remember everybody's
talking about this baby smell I've ever
smelled before if that is so much better
than new car smell you can actually get
new baby smell in your new car you can
order that I think it's really sweet if
you're so blessed take a with you
tonight
hey rouse you let me give you you're
engaged you need to start no no you see
the right generation by the way all
common people I know it's on my right
hand it's been switched to the left was
remarried in Alana's here it's a party
so Jackson coming up a piece of that
young man ring-around-the-rosie the road
around the Rosie wherever they may go
oh we got you now catch him Roger get
him get him
what's go over here big surprise
surprise
Early's Bennifer get him rock tart get
him that was delicious dinner YUM I ate
14 and a half bites too many get a rock
guard get him run gage Santa Monica
yacht harbor sport boating cafe fishing
harbour maybe you realized that we just
went out to dinner with five kids for
the very first time it was an adventure
it truly was a venture true but it
worked
delicious dinner at Buca di Beppo is
right here in Santa Monica California
you guys have fun yeah rock card you
have good mac and cheese yep okay sounds
good let's go home and go to bed
yeah I think that sounds like a Hawaiian
and that is exactly what we did we went
home and we went to sleep at 11 o'clock
on a Friday night I'm getting old I like
to go to bed early
sleep is radical who's texting me got a
hey tell from Kassim hey I love you guys
I'm actually gonna hit export on this
vlog I'm gonna do three hundred push-ups
and then I'm going to the airport to
pick up Logie bear Logie bears come into
town so all you teenage girls who think
my 19 year old brother Loki bears and
some you're gonna get us some ass emoji
bear action in the next couple days not
like I mean you'll be able to see him on
the computer you're not gonna get any
action any perverts like you watch him
on YouTube ah check out yesterday's vlog
click on that feeling lucky button and
go check out the Shaytards videos from 1
2 3 & 4 years ago I was just on the 4
year of vide for a year ago video from
yesterday's video that was crazy ice
skating with philip defranco and Kassem
G and that just man memories memories
memory
love you guys see you tomorrow I'm going
to get Loki bear
