hey guys I was just thinking about
something very important I was like I
should have log about okay so I had a
baby two weeks ago right and when you
get pregnant you have all these sorts of
emotions happen and like your hormones
are changing and things go crazy and
you're like all out of whack and you're
crying and you're laughing and all these
things and then you sort of get used to
it and then you have the baby and it
happens again only it's worse because
now you're sleep-deprived and your
emotions are like this and your
stomach's flabby and you're like oh my
life what is it happening to me that's
kind of what happens to me if I have a
baby I just appreciate a husband that
gets them he understands and maybe just
because this is our fifth rodeo or fifth
go around this little situation but he
kids when I'm when I need extra love and
attention and support and he always goes
out of his way to tell me how beautiful
I am whether it's true or not and to
tell me that I'm doing a good job that
I'm a good mom and he just really he
makes me feel appreciated and loved in
the time in my life when I needed the
most I just wanted to say that that I
really appreciate him and guys you
should you should kind of take that note
and be aware whether it's PMS or having
a baby or whatever women can be
emotional sometimes but on the flip side
I think it's important for women to also
recognize when you're being emotional
because sometimes there really is issues
that you need to talk about but
sometimes issues arise because your
emotions are causing you to overreact
and and I if that happens and I think
that sometimes we don't realize it it's
taken me a while to realize but I've
learned my body well enough to know like
okay these are the hormones talking
this is not really a problem I'm just
freaking out about it because my
hormones are out of whack
amen hallelujah she said it out loud
sometimes women just freak the freak out
because their hormones are out of whack
I love you you're beautiful
anyways so that's just one one little
note that I was thinking of because I'm
hormonal right now and I'm crazy and
sometimes I laugh and sometimes I cry
and sometimes I just rap yeah
but anyways I love you guys
next time maybe I'll turn the camera on
when I'm rap you do not want to see that
you'll be exciting and you'll see no
that would be weird okay bye
ah school good anything exciting happen
dude
Hydra for go those gamers kid oh so how
did that go over was your teacher cool
that yeah
except I created a distraction it
created a distraction was she upset
about that
we should explain to the viewers because
I don't think we talk talk so I had a
book of horror on Abraham Lincoln I
brought like pennies to give to everyone
and I'm r5 because Abraham Lincoln's on
a penny right and he's also on the
five-dollar bill and so I did this thing
which was the first person is saying
first again
okay so you did that and then what do is
he upset about it about the $5 know
about the distraction
oh no she was like oh well how do you
think he did that how do you think she
liked your report
well let's hope wouldn't you find out
Oh kids I would be like my report I have
to know I had to know I have Joe but you
don't really care you really care I do
care if I get a good grade honey but
your patience and you can how is school
for you lady and babies are back there
well I'm getting used to this new camera
and what do you guys think am i doing
okay
are you hungry rap tired and look at
that what is that say it's a pumpkin pie
mom pumpkin yeah mr. cocky don't put
your faith in it bro isn't that so nice
so we've been having people from our
church bring out dinners for the past
couple of days and if they're from sweet
and so delicious it's so good this one
just came she has everything
individually wrapped it's like it looks
like fish filet with potatoes and apple
sauce and she individually wrapped each
one don't put your car in it please I'm
so tempting no no you always want
okay is that your baby oh yeah sweet
yeah it's fun huh all right let's eat Oh
dad fence looking at the camera I bet
you he likes the camera now hi hmm okay
let's go down today okay let's go down
my pretend phone in my ten wallet okay
let's go downstairs now just heard I
have a big problem I didn't film
anything today I didn't I didn't not
turn the camera on one time today and
now it's time to put the kids to bed can
you believe that
I was blacker so here's the situation
I slept in today cuz I haven't slept in
for a long time I thought I pulled my
hamstring and I just thought man I think
I'm overtraining
I'm trying to walk so I'm like footage
shut your mouth I'll smack your freaking
face
anyways so I thought I need to just rest
you just threw a Lego at my genitalia -
like finally I was like dude I like
these shirts where are you getting me
sure - anyways so I slept in and then I
edited the vlog it was a long one
yesterday right over 21 minutes and then
I wouldn't worked out and now it's 8:30
time to put the kids to bed and I
realized
so nerds loser Zeke fight him fight him
get him again sit on him sit on him lay
on him bite him
raka what are you doing look at Rock
turds watch I can watch what time is it
do you know what time it is what time is
it right now is it 7:30 no movie no
movie right it's time for bed
hey tell me about your day tell me all
about your day hmm
well first of all we just school and
that was so cute it would do let's go
it's meticulous I did some reading and
then I blinked my eyes like it like
weirdo face yeah that's a great day quit
copying me I got 18 echoes now alright
so Oh speak of the devil
oh you're not I was this little boy is
he not sleeping hey cutie face he's got
a goopy eye a little bit huh what's that
I think terrible did you film anything
today weren't for you my dad is awesome
dad it's ah it's so cool like the
coolest a baby turns a Butthead alright
get in bed getting bed okay well my
children physique he's on the prowl he's
on my side I love Zeke more than baby's
hurt more than baby died no good at it
Thank You face I'm a sneaky face okay
good night hey I love you see you
tomorrow
you know let me tell you to say that huh
I guess they didn't tell you somebody
new does it be a the baby scream we
gotta go
peace out mom dad I've been thinking I
deserve a raise in my allowance hold on
let me smell something oh that's kind of
gross anyways I think that I should get
750 a weekend we I don't know come on
quiet help me try to be funny here he's
just weird but he's staring at us he
always wants to know or doing just like
what he is what are you doing now five
seconds later now you guys talking about
see go away but you're the sixth child
that should be in bed so mom and dad can
have a like I am like down usually
anyways all five of our human children
are asleep
human children our human children are
asleep and we're just cuddling on the
couch just cut a little on the cat we're
CC'ing CCA we CC me on that you Bell
handle a new couch cuddle me on that
email I'll have to see see you babe
couch cuddle you and we're watching Pawn
Stars we don't what are you looking like
my toes my toes go Bobby don't go Bobby
I love you just again that was so you
did I'm out of here I'm gonna go play
some video games
hey who took my gta5 I would never let Z
play Grand Theft Auto five he already
has anger issues I can just see him
behind the wheel of a car in a machine
that would not be good hey guys what's
going on thanks for watching today's
vlog thanks for all the support and I
got to give a little shout out again to
the little posse of you who go and watch
the one two three and four year ago
videos I go read those comments that's
probably one of my favorite parts of
uploading these daily vlogs is going
back and seeing what we were doing one
year ago two years ago three years ago
four years ago it's always so
interesting to like correlate oh what
was yesterday's yesterday's three-year
vlog I was talking about how I was up
early to go shoot a video and then that
day that you know that very morning
yesterday when I was complaining about
being up at 6:05 to go shoot that what's
trending it's just always interesting to
see you know where we've come from and
how the kids have changed so if you want
to go see a different Shaytards family
go click on that four year ago button
and see what we're doing so I really
appreciate all of you that do that and
for buying our shade Carl socks and
shirts and hats and just supporting us
you big old lugs I'll kiss you every one
of you every single one of y'all right
on the lips I love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow as usual
