hi I'm login here oh my goodness
gracious
it is early ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls people of all ages 6 a.m. here
in sunny Southern California ha ha but
it feels good you know I hate getting up
early I've never ever been a morning
person ever since I was a kid my mom and
dad are like you're a night owl Shay and
I was like what's a night out no and
they're like you like to stay up late
cuz I remember I have fond memories of
staying up and watching Saturday Night
Live with my dad but all my brothers and
sisters had fallen asleep but it feels
great to get up early like the Sun is
just coming up the colors in the sky are
beautiful that's fresh morning smell
anyways I'm headed to what's trending to
do a comedy gets back from malaria
hopefully I have some comedy that will
give back you know it's funny at 6:00 in
the morning
not much anyway it's getting gas gonna
head over to Shira Lazar s place at
ain't too shabby to look at for a
morning commute I see you sunshine I see
you about to crest your head above those
beautiful mountains and those beautiful
palm trees of all it's a beautiful day
another beautiful day but tell you what
it's such true true statement you choose
how you're gonna live your day you hear
me preach it all the time about this
whole happiness thing really can man
it's all about your attitude it's all
about your attitude that's one of the
secrets to happiness
it really is I'm not just saying that
because well what I'm saying it because
I've experienced it I've experimented
with choosing happiness and I can feel
it change my day I wake up in a pissy
mood
do very often maybe three times a week I
wake up just like to hire have to do
today
come on to do that you know and I have
like a sweet life I'm a really sweet
sweet light and even I wake up like but
if you just like know what no it's gonna
be great
I'm gonna have a fantastic freaking day
Wow you say that even if you don't feel
it just say it sit up straight
take a deep breath put a smile on your
face you will you can change the way
your day goes even if bad things happen
even if something happens it's like that
just made my day not a good day you can
feel better about it you can alter the
way you feel and it's good to feel good
I see you son Johnny just came up you
guys in that little conversation we were
having the Sun came up a petition any
face our lives there he is the giver of
all life the sustainer of Earth's
creations oh you're beautiful
good morning little rap tired you look
cool and you're spider-man monkey pants
and baby tire we're just getting her
shoes on this morning and sundered not
home winter school lunch school lunch
what are they having deluxe hamburger
slider a hamburgers heck yeah totally
school lunch and dad is about to be on
comedy gives back he left this morning
at like 5:30 or something I don't even
know I wasn't awake and he could be on
this comedy gets back this morning so
I'm excited to see him a little rock or
little bro card I can't I get rock hard
and brought on drinks up all the time I
know as he walks he doesn't ride with
this facade work guy but you're helping
me I saw the matter see yeah yeah yeah
like baby
things the Third's rmgc good step okay
made it here on set they're getting
everything ready everybody is like
hustling and bustling getting wires and
microphones hooked up we're going live
in 15 minutes I have a segment where
it's dr. Shay does juice so we got some
fresh fruit here and a bullet I've never
used one of these formants that it
easily
there's jacksFilms there's lawns so
exciting like ever is everybody here's
the studio and this is for malaria I'm
again oh my wife just retweeted me
thanks babe 5:03
I am Jimmy Kimmel inviting you to be a
part of comedy gives backs 24-hour event
teachers are sharing a book Jim brewer
restarted Ronkonkoma knows Eugene Mirman
Kevin Nealon and many less notable
comedian shaky halt at
dailymotion.com/lionsground
every not what you read metal looks like
he said everything we have so many so
many Twitter tweets
this one's from real Neal Lynch he says
watching what's trending on the comedy
gives back live show yes you are is that
really you should opener right well tard
oh you're welcome it's too young he
can't open someone oh they're giving it
up and you have this fit right face a
full-time job
Oh to work wedding all over the house
trying to get a good stream oh wow this
is great and then we got you wait you
guys insult our words look a mustache
binky memory on us - oh he's already got
his mustache you're thinking ahead
I think ruin it ladies and gentlemen
thanks for tuning in drink your juice in
the morning was substituted for coffee
caffeine is addictive I drink a lot of
Kappa oh I hate it when this happens
well we got to see a little bit of dads
show today because I've been running a
little bit house trying to find a good
internet stream to we could get apply
and it wouldn't so we got to see a
little bit of it but whatever we are
running like crazy trying to get ready
for school I don't have anything for
breakfast and out of bread out of milk
hopefully the kids will not go starving
today when they go to school so that was
fun it's really cool hanging out with
Ethan and Shira I love those guys are
really cool
I poured cinnamon my face on my face if
you guys didn't see the band I should
have filmed it but I was busy being on
the TV it's gnarly TV in an attempt to
be humorous
I poured cinnamon on my face and it
burnt cinnamon burns on your skin
do not pour cinnamon on your face that's
a note I just talked to Collette and she
said that the kids were all gathered
around the computer watching this
morning while they were getting ready
for school and it just made me think
that's a weird life that my children
have they wake up to get ready to go to
school and they see their dad what is
kind of like a TV show I mean what's
trending is as close to a TV show on the
internet as you can get and I just
thought I never planned for that I never
thought that that would be my life that
I would you know what I'm saying like
it's just weird to think about how I
grew up and what my parents were doing
in the morning and then compare it to my
kids and then them like waking up
getting ready for school and then they
see their dad talking on and pouring
cinnamon on his face on this like
morning show it's like how is that gonna
affect their lives what is it you know
like how is it gonna skew their course
in this great world I don't know
interesting to think about we'll see
time will tell alright um I have to
hurry home take a pee you have to go
peepee in the potty no don't you hate
when you're stuck in traffic you have to
go peepee in the potty it's the worst
and I'm going to meet Ron and Casey and
we're gonna go do some shayloss from go
do some stairs get the sweat on okay so
let's do that you guys ready here we go
next clip all right I got my fitness
shoes on now I'm like mr. Rogers I took
my comedy shoes off and put my vintage
shoes on the closet if I could welcome
kids into the neighborhood
I come inside my closet kids can act
weird alright so um we're trying to find
some stairs in LA and me in case even
coming to this island burger for a few
years and there's some really steep
stairs here just demonstrate how steep
they are that's so steep dude I'm really
seeing housekeep those left me the rope
I've thrown up the grappling hook
bleh-bleh me so we're gonna do some
stair work here let sure what we'll do
it I'm thinking here dude here I think
this might be good you can put out this
well not like this one foot hops all the
way up
okay okay egg burger breaks do you think
you think island burger will come get
burger breaks break for everything like
champs all right so we're waiting for
Ron and Shawn to show up and then we're
gonna get sweat and check out Shay lost
you guys we're going a whole nother
month we did Shay tober now we're doing
bro vember we're not stopping this
choo-choo train of fitness it's gonna
chug right along into the healthy land
of a happiness I just made all that up
okay let's get working out right now
it's just me and bro chard out shopping
getting some groceries and look you guys
it's Christmas time I love when they
have all the crispy stuff out we have
this giant nativity that I see every
year that I'm like I should get that and
then I never do it's a horror books you
know but I guess that once you have a
nativity you use it every year for the
rest of your life I remember my grandma
having this really cool like giant
nativity set that was like sparkly I had
like sparkly paint on it I just remember
that growing up every year I'd love to
go to Grandma's house and see her
sparkling nativity set there's fetal
growth card he's not much of a shopper
today but you know what
it's better than crying so you just
chill away bro okie dokie headed back
home to go to a doctor's appointment
with Colette and little bro tard
and it's only 11 a.m. I feel like I've
done so much already today I guess
that's what getting up at 6:00 a.m. does
for you give a lot and a lot of stuff
done I already lost two pair of
sunglasses
I left my one pair at what's trending
and then I had my eagle eyes and I can't
find him the truck my head make sure
they were on top of my head so that's
lame I just lost two pair of sunglasses
and it's barely 11 a.m. that sounds like
a tweet I'm gonna tweet it
I loved it baby he took you painful
looking his mom he's gonna it's looking
like he's got a cute bum I'm gonna keep
this baby I'm gonna keep him and kiss
him and hug him and love him all the
time he's a good bag baby he's a good
buddy I'm gonna hug him and kiss him and
hug him and kiss him you're reminding me
that's a cartoon
hey yeah ethical baby that's like the
George character from mice and men
I got your mouse and I'm gonna hug him
an impediment love it whoo kiss him I'm
gonna hug him impediment love him I got
him then he squishes him don't squish
you to death though so cute look at his
little phone and now this is where you
insert a funny clip of Shane being silly
don't tell me I mean how to do my job I
just saying don't tell me how to do
change job okay now we're back in the
truck and this is gonna be today's vlog
because you already saw yesterday's vlog
where we film that clip in the truck
right and now we're back with us it's
today no way today it was but you've
already seen us today on this ride in
the truck yesterday but now you're back
to with us today that makes sense all
right we're gonna get some burritos
we're hungry you guys I hope I didn't
pull a muscle if I did something to my
leg we're doing Springs today after our
shayloss workout and I just feel like
it's a cramp
hopefully it's a charley horse but it
hurts bad it feels good when I stretch
it so how do you tell
if you pulled your hamstring or if you
just like have a cramp or a charley
horse but I'm gonna eat a lot of food
and hopefully that will help rebuild my
I know right and help give you the lie
put that down that's for my hamstring my
hamstring outside Geoffroy hamstring
definitely okay so we didn't just get a
burrito Shay got up burrito this is not
for me yes I'm not eating this this is
for my hamstring this is the country of
Mexico in this way these places crack me
up how how much stuff they put in the
burritos
I don't know how to wrap them up well
that's it it's a rare talent indeed but
you were you were devouring it magically
you're not I'm talking about you buried
a burrito place like Chipotle or Sun
yeah see as much stuff as they put on
the Reno and you're like rock me where
he will go up like you mean eczema what
are you doing there's no way that
tortilla will physically be able to hold
all of those beans and chicken and
whatever else we'll just put in there
and they do it somehow by magic
tortillas
magic tortilla hey dude capture Aiden
what isn't it called I funny a middle
school story mmm not fun do you like it
how many books are you currently reading
right now why cuz I feel like I always
see you with a different book I finished
my library book right now
mmm Harry Potter I see but you have a
book report soon what book is that
you're Graham Lincoln that's awesome
so some tart is doing a book report on
Abraham Lincoln which is kind of cool
because their teacher gives them this
little like template of a Facebook page
and he's supposed to make a Facebook
page for Abraham Lincoln if Abraham
Lincoln were alive right now what would
be on his Facebook page hmm there's
something to think about and that's what
Center has to think about for his
project it's gonna be awesome
hey can you tell me one thing what do
you think about your dad being on a show
this morning
it's cool is it weird to you that you
have a father that's on videos and shows
and all sorts of different things
radio shows and stuff like that no well
most kids would be like that's kind of
weird
but I think it's pretty cool yeah we're
proud of you babe you did a great job
this morning what do you see buddy you
wanna watch that one
gotta watch that one
I finally figured out how to work this
TV to get it to play YouTube on it and
he wants watch Mickey Mouse don't you
want to watch daddy's videos I'll be so
exciting because I'd be like hey look
Rock chart loves the sock song he loves
it so much you guys should go check it
out he's like no cuz you want to swatch
Mickey Mouse that's pretty cool that
cold in we're on the TV no I don't want
to talk about it I don't wanna mean your
stupid videos dad I just want to watch
my Mickey Mouse okay okay okay
I gotta find Mickey Mouse dude that
looks good Wow
it's cool a seat on a TV screen yeah you
know what look at that's sweet
okay we'll turn on Mickey Mouse quit
eating the pillow don't eat the pillow
Carly look okay I need this whole thing
and you better tell them what you
requested for a cookie now we can't have
to edit that part out
look at those all kinds of cupcakes
Jackson Harris is here hey buddy
by the way notice your hits shades other
brother the one that I dislike is not he
a boy Logan no Logan I chef Casey
where's my t-shirt and then ignores me
Kay steal a bear
Carly I seriously want to see you dive
into that my god that is HUGE tonight I
won't
seriously get a four goodnight baby -
here it is it's like literally heavy
like I can do my cell phones with this
cupcake do a cupcake eating challenge
that's hilarious hey your boyfriend's
here
- relationship right this one about
every year for long distance and all
California is like a weird art act
embarrassed right oh okay that's okay
guys I gotta go I'm gonna try to eat
1000 cakes right now oh dude oh he's
squeezing it this weekend she's like I
don't know if I remember do you remember
who that is
well I mean what's his name yeah I
remember my parents doing that like you
remember these guys is like my parents
when friends would come over and like
you've grown up so much
you've just got baby tard to start
remembering who I am remember she knows
who you are
she loved you in cupcake baby guard who
is that yeah Jackson here he knows baby
guard was actually singing go crazy two
nights ago
as she should be trying today picking up
a few little nifty gifties for a retard
and we passed it at the spot how are we
going read the dinner first
Instagram together yep ready they're
here with the UH no no no Shane can't do
that he is not equipped shame for Sara
Shane we need to have a discussion I
think you should definitely Shane will
have fun with that one
edit that out laughs I know he's
upstairs
go be chazy slot to the desk Rogers
playing with the toilet paper is that
good we tell Jackson thanks for the
cupcake there's a member of your family
have a minute he's right there oh the
little one he's on the boob so
might be Lassard jocular you might want
to wait a few minutes having dinner oh
yeah
he's having dinner Brooke oh yes he's
chewing a ham bone outside actually I
gave my ham bone let's open the door see
what he's down Ziqi oh good to meet you
bro come inside he'll beat you up we've
got even a year yet no it'll be a year
in December Oh take Cindy watch those
five skewers they have any more candy I
got a perfect shot of it to roll that
good shot over and over again Shane oh
there we go oh it's good to meet you
you're the first Shh hard to kick me
right in there thank Hera obvious at
first but maybe the first tonight you
probably won't be the last
are you in the cupcake is that yummy go
say thanks to jet ducks jet what's your
name gently yeah I just saw the name of
our kid it's confusing all right this is
the perfect gift from our buddy Jackson
Harris I cannot even count the amount of
times that people have tweeted this
picture today you need to do you need
that rodeo arcade have you throwing all
the kids up oh that's a good idea
that's a good idea to maybe for ya
mommy's heart as shaky buffer zone on
that be a good 5 year anniversary idea
Jackson is a genius like 15 percent
right we'll work out the negotiations
sure is this there are these onesies
yeah dude that is so funny plane with
baby yes I know
not in my world I could throw that baby
way higher than that for sale by sister
cash or Mike
where it kill whereas I throw him in the
air it would be so meta I'm gonna truck
the baby in the air as he's wearing it
oh yes
hurry get off that boob it's time to go
in the air too little guy not yet
Carly's crying I just love cooking is
the president made me cry whatever I'm
getting over it you're with cupcake that
you guys haven't heard about this book
yes we have it Jackson gave it to us
so rude Carly just read it to baby
tarted no she's crying oh yeah speaker
than your babies
okay this cupcake it weighs a good six
pounds I think
red velvet Rock chart what is cupcake no
hey
act like you're gonna bite it open mouth
oh good about it oh you really did it
that good yummy you wanna hold it hold
up your face see how big it is that's a
big cupcake oh geez okay no well let's
cut it out there's gotta be law and
order around here no gravy wait Carly
yeah the baby weighs Leslie there's
sting they're attacking your cupcakes
it really is get out of here gosh I got
a glow and wrestle these girls away from
this cupcake and then I just like
blacked out and I woke up hours later
and laying on the bathroom floor with
cupcake wrappers all over me and just
their frosting all over my face and
mommy tart came in and she was a giant
cupcake likely jewelry thanks for
watchin a is vlog here we are at the end
slate this is the opportunity to click
on more Shaytards vlogs if you want to
see what we're doing yesterday we'll see
there where there's that yellow arrow
that says yesterday's wall click on that
you're feeling lucky click on that I'll
put you another video right there you
click on watch one two three four years
days when you're Shane let's J charts
vlogs we love you guys so much we'll see
you tomorrow
shut up cupcake face Hey
