you are not watching the Shaytards
follow along
right
very cool bro yep all right we're going
to school playing go to school you ready
to go to school Zeke wait a minute what
are you wearing socks are those yeah you
wearing my argyle socks
did I give you permission to wear those
Wow did you get permission for me wear
those are gel socks you look cute
you're adorable did you buy those yeah
why not you did you just think as I
usually wear my socks for three hmm
well you don't get any okay they don't
make them for dogs I'm sorry you have to
tweet rodeo arcade and ask them these
are you going school bye Carly
I'm a bully
all right see you later all right who's
ready to go to school
funny I'm wearing a bicycle helmet in
the car you guys oh that's classic meet
the toy something I would do huh guys
kids are funny what do you got there a
fake phone pretending I play a game on
you and you can take pictures videos and
these voice thingies my face trying to
rush into technology huh just take me
there just on there your cousin crazy
boys all right bye like your socks are
you go monkey got a monkey in the
backseat all right let's go to school
whoo payback just got finished with an
18 mile bike ride with him Ron I'm just
made a stray loss video I forgot how fun
biking is man remember when I did that
Gran Fondo and Logan with Logan and my
buddy Derek and I was like this is my
new hobby I still haven't got a bike and
I just borrowed Ron's roommates bike and
we just went on an 18 mile ride I'm like
oh yeah
forgot how fun this is I'm gonna go buy
a bike I'm gonna start biking you guys
I'm gonna be a biker you watch that
where's my baby dude and don't fit you
you are holding on to him right yeah
she's trying on the baby carrier mind
you I haven't even tried it on yet with
the baby in it so she is breaking it in
for me talk about yeah that was cool
dude do again but isn't that what guys
do like like let's see who can hock the
biggest loogie bro you know I twist we I
just I just tweeted that's really I just
tweeted a tweet you know sometimes I'd
like to be a little controversial I know
you there was a disperse and I hear you
I hear you snickering before you tweet
and I think I got some people mad why I
just tweeted do you think mom should be
able to breastfeed in public or should
they just keep those milk bags behind
closed doors you guys know he doesn't
mean it
look at that face what do you think we
think about moms milk bags
I like those milk bags and if I'm out in
public I should be able to eat my lunch
just like anybody else it's their lunch
you wouldn't hide behind a blanket if
you eaten your lunch would you you just
got yourself a new double bacon
cheeseburger would you hide behind the
Blakeley diet I just seriously it's a
real thing it's a real urge to bite and
chew and eat the deliciousness you just
it's smelly smells so good and he's so
soft yes isn't enough I want to start
biting I don't bite me don't bite me bro
oh I forgot about neck vomit smell
though ooh do you know of it it's
starting a little bit goes down here and
like gets in the folds of their neck
he's got the vomit baby smell listen I
have five babies and I held all of them
by one hand look how they all turned up
oh you're right in yes yeah yeah
turn off the camera I'm gonna hold this
baby come and bring those milk bags over
here for tents no you guys so tonight
for dinner we're having enchiladas that
somebody from our church made me what's
really awesome is whenever people have
babies in our church then so the group
the Relief Society all the women gather
together and like make a list and help
me feed them and take care of the kids
and all that kind of stuff and so I have
people bringing me dinner all week this
week super sweet so we have enchiladas
she brought over I'm just gonna throw
them in the oven for a bit then brought
some rice and yes my oven clicks it
clicks over here randomly this one's
clicking so you can see it trying to
light I don't know weird I don't know
how to fix it it's weird it's just one
of those quirky things you just learn to
love oh so many college where Sun turn
so I replied won't come but we had to
sell them to pay for the baby to sell
you the new baby box
I'm not sure anybody will buy em not
kind of weird I can see they've ending
up in pain and tears it's just pain and
tears here we go
you don't like the oven yeah hey
I worry these today I saw your Elise
twit twit your twit I saw your Twitter
was a man today I was laughing so why
did you just wait till you see the pic
oh I'm excited
video is gonna be a little while - oh we
like wild videos your use goodbye now
though right you have footage with the
kids this morning
so I'm starting to feel anxious because
it's 2:30 in the afternoon we just got
done with little bro tardes appointment
and I haven't started editing the vlog
yet and I know that we only have eight
minutes of footage for yesterday and so
I'm just like it's getting later than I
usually start editing me and I have
fewer minutes to edit then I usually
have and it's stressing me out that's
the question you guys mind if we
combining footage for two days sometimes
I do sometimes I do without telling you
guys it bothers me because I want it to
be like all like consecutive like you
know like have a system but there's some
days where it's like we don't have
enough footage we got to film something
in the morning and pretend it was the
day before he has ever noticed that you
guys ever tell when I like cheap footage
in there maybe I'll just put this in
there maybe yeah let's do that
can i that's that's silly though right
it's like we have to like squeeze out
more of our life to put in the video
like why can't the video just be a
minutes long prank vs. prank vlogs right
minutes long Charles and alleys are ten
minutes money
what are ours have to be 15 because it's
you I guess it is I set that precedent
it's my own fault I guess I said that
precedent but that's why they're they're
good because you are very particular
should happen and I'm not if it were me
we probably wouldn't be longing anymore
now because they don't want to go
because I'm too lazy like if I need
photos every day where it's too hard
it's like ah let's just give it the
she'll be like no we must persevere you
know one thing though I was just talking
to Colette about the vacation that we're
gonna take I was just saying how nice it
would be to go somewhere and not have a
telephone not have a laptop literally
have no connection to the internet so
nobody could get I mean leave our
cellphones at our house and go somewhere
where we didn't have our cell phones
thing about it is she you you can do
that but I think emotionally and
mentally it's too hard for you because
he feels very connected to you guys
it's very loyal and it's too hard do we
have an unhealthy relationship you guys
I need some time away I have not not
been on the internet for five years it
sounds this is how I know that it's
crazy because it sounds amazing
and terrifying at the same time to like
to fly somewhere go to a location
without my cell phone and without my
laptop that is like hearing it does it's
like well what will we do how will we
communicate with people you know imagine
getting on an airplane and flying
somebody and purposely leaving your cell
phone on your you know your dresser
drawer when you leave home like that
excites me to no end like oh that would
be so nice and at the same time it's
like what will I do what if I want to
tweet or talk to somebody or how I wait
you know but it sounds so nice so I told
Colet I said this spring break when the
kids are out of school this spring break
after we hit the daily vlogging of five
years we are gonna take a legitimate
vacation or we don't film it I'm not
gonna Instagram any pictures I am going
to try I don't know if I'll be able to
do it but I'm going to try to leave my
cell phone purposely on my dresser
drawer and walk out of the house get on
an airplane and go somewhere for a
vacation
that's you can bring Harris because you
have you have stronger like willpower
that I do but then you'll take mine no
you put a lock on it a number lock on it
and you don't tell me what it is I know
cuz that isn't like just tell it to me I
just want to treat one thing she'll tell
it to me it's like she's bad she's like
the worst to me you know like she's an
enabler if you ask nicely
they say baby please please just one
just one it's like shayloss at the
beginning they would say it's like don't
let me do this and don't let me do that
and then by the end of it I'm like
alright I'm putting this at the end of
today's vlog that's what I'm gonna do
and then you'll see tomorrow when we
lived our life we're living life right
now this is all about life and the other
thing sometimes we have so many fun
things going on that we want to block a
lot of things so sometimes you have a
lot of fun it's but sometimes it's like
we're just yeah we don't want a horse
footage right it's like we film or doing
stuff and it's cool but then right
should I put more minutes in the vlog
just to add minutes to the vlog because
it's like Oh turn on the camera I have
to film just so the vlog is long enough
so people are like what's with the short
video Shae you know like is that real
footage or is that just forced footage
the thing is though you're good at
making real life exciting but I feel
like I will turn on the camera and be
like so we're doing this again and we're
doing that again you like it when I talk
like a pro dude you're good bro dude
okay maybe I'll just do this every time
yeah we're just having a conversation
about life it's easy to live life when
you're in life and you're living
whatever gonna know this is getting meta
okay I think I'm gonna end this vlog and
then we'll just keep filming for today
we'll see you tomorrow
well we'll be while you're wearing the
same outfits lady I want to know though
do you guys notice time sometimes when I
sleep
gin huh do you let me know okay roll the
end slate Shane oh man this was a crappy
vlog I can understand if you guys don't
want a thumbs us up because it was so
bad and boring and it was late and it
was short and it was in Spanish no wait
never mind it wasn't in Spanish Oh yo
soy esta bien musica sorry that vlog was
like today guys I had a crazy day if you
saw on Twitter I was at what's trending
this morning for the comedy gives back
show at 6:00 a.m. and then we had an
appointment with old bro tarde and a lot
of stuff they had to get done today so
sorry the vlog is late I love you try to
get these up as quick as possible I want
them as long and is good and is
entertaining and it's informational as
possible I want these to be the best
YouTube videos in the world but
sometimes that's hard every day excuse
excuse excuse excuse it's got to be
better tomorrow go check out the new
shayloss vlog we made that today that
was another thing I had to do I went and
ran stairs this morning with Ron and
Casey okay I love you guys I do I really
do I'm gonna see you tomorrow okay give
me a kiss I'll see you guys tomorrow
