hi I'm login here hey guys what's going
on welcome today's walk hey before we
get started on today's vlog I have a
clip that I want to share with you from
a few days ago and my mom and grandma
were here I got to do a Skype call with
two very special young women there is a
maybe a pre-roll ad that you saw on this
video or maybe yesterday you saw some of
these ads these two girls are very
unique and I got to talk to them on
skype a few days ago and I couldn't put
it in the vlog on that day because they
were also on the Katie Couric show and I
guess Katie Couric had some like
exclusivity about their story so it's
like you know Katie Couric's always
taking these stories before me anyways I
want to share that with you guys now and
then we'll continue on with our daily
journey okay watch it yellow like a
little rock card we watching watch some
Tom Gary I love you okay you guys I'm
actually about to get onto Skype right
now you guys remember back in June when
I talked about that stay together thing
and I asked you guys to tell me about
the stories of how you use Skype to stay
together with people from around the
world well I'm about to Skype with two
girls who have such a cool story and
Skype made this really good documentary
about their story about how they met I
don't want to give too much of it away
because I want you to watch it I just
checked it out and I'm about to Skype
with Sarah and Paige and they're gonna
tell us a little bit about their stories
we're gonna get on skype right now oh
you can't see my username don't look at
my username that's a secret I love the
sound of Skype right it has Lee's like
such unique sounds hello
heis is Sarah yeah hi oh there you guys
are
how are you guys doing good how are you
where are you guys out right now I'm
wearing Paige's hotel in New York in New
York you guys are just traveling all
over the world yeah so where did you
guys meet where did you guys see each
other can you see me hold on let me turn
my video on can you see me now yeah hi
shaycarl here so where did you guys meet
for the first time I was wondering that
yeah I went to New Zealand and I met her
yeah so how long ago was that and about
a month ago yeah so he has just been
hanging out for an entire month no I'm
to New Zealand for like a week yeah for
five days and then she went home to
Indiana and then we made up for you in
New York New York yes yesterday are you
guys just on a vacation or what are you
in New York for Katie so the Katie
Couric show oh you guys are so famous
now yeah so it airs today oh it does I'm
gonna check it out bro tard he well he's
asleep you guys want to head her off
tarde okay come here hurry come here
come say hi go say hi
can you say hi to these guys say hello
he's watching Tom and Jerry grote art is
sleeping he's been making his mom stay
up late at night because he's always
hungry and then he just sleeps and he's
a selfish little baby
he just wants what he wants and that's
all that matters to him tell me about
how you heard to stay together about the
stay together campaign yeah so I watch
your show every single day and so yes
she tells me that I love you guys so
much and I heard you guys say about the
Skype story and I was like oh my gosh I
have to look this up so I'm a mummy
before never met before this and you
guys were already skyping though all the
time Wow yeah we are like these friends
what I eat is yeah and we've never meet
each other well up here in Schmitt
appian found out about each other online
before we were born and then when we
were about eight we started talking like
on skype and Facebook and stuff and then
we just be like talking for eight years
and yeah she found out about this story
to preserve listening to you yeah into
your video I doubt it this guy loved my
story so they were inspired by it and
they contacted us yeah that is so cool
so here's my question that you guys have
been friends since you've been 8 years
old your parents like you know got on
this website after you met do you still
like each other you're like oh now that
I met you in person I really kind of
hate you know she liked you pretty good
friends so that's pretty cool of your
mom to do that so these the viewers
don't know yet because they haven't seen
I'm not going to tell him I don't know
should we tell him why your mom
contacted Paige's mom and you're gonna
sour okay tell him our mom's contacted
each other because we were both born
missing our left arm so when we were
yeah we're now parents with six months
pregnant they have had them underneath
office hug 20 yeah they were ultrasound
and both our parents found out that then
we're going to have daughters that were
missing early for our and so they both
thought that it would be a good idea to
like go on the internet and find other
characters same so that when like we
both must grow up we can have somebody
there for us and have someone to be able
to understand a life oh that's good
parenting that's just good parenting
yeah as a good parent I'm gonna somebody
give a high five virtually to your
parents that's pretty cool okay and
that's another thing when I was watching
the video I'm like are they both missing
the same arm that's like and you guys
look exactly the same almost like you
guys could be sisters really so where do
you how long you in New York for I leave
tomorrow
she's we became on the same date with
yeah I'm on Sunday so we were surprised
yeah cuz I'm they didn't know she and
her mum were flown to New York and for
the Katie Couric show and they were told
that Jessica and her mom were going to
be on it and so my family and the other
half staff had this massive secret that
we were going to surprise yeah so when
you watch the cake Eddie Kirk show we
run out to prayin and then you start
crying ah that makes for some good
television yeah okay so you guys go
check out Sarah and Paige's video skype
did this little mini documentary it was
shot really well do you guys like the
video yeah it's cool when you guys see
each other and you meet for the first
time I mean I'm a pretty tough dude but
I almost started crying like that was a
cool moment that they caught yeah Oh
camera rocked are you crazy man
I'm gonna go punch rock hard and then go
check out their skype story it's really
cool and then leave comments below of
how you guys stay together I'm vlogging
you guys don't mind me oh the Boston Red
Sox won the World Series did you know
that we just wear the shirt because I
bought a new that well
shirts up close of the grocery store the
other day and people were like yeah go
Boston and she's like I don't know what
that means
it's about be for Butler all right boys
we're gonna go destroy our legs again
there just look at those my goodness
yeah that's a really good nut shot to my
sniffing we'll be sniffing them real
quick Carla let's go it's late day again
I we just aren't able to walk again
from last week of our lives you ready
yeah I got Reza hat so I feel like I can
fit in with the boy look one of the bro
singer bros she's got her stop so she's
got her so sorry she's got her own guy I
told her arm that's a slap in the face
to show up to my house where argyle
socks that don't have my name on them
but are you thinking about I don't know
man you know I have my own line of
argyle socks you don't have to wear
those subpar argyle socks anymore Ron
yeah you know it's there's no excuse
what's going on over here
ja my does it hurt chin yeah my jaws
head is so big he did I saw it right as
Casey sat down as equal like this like
hit Casey's chin together my mouth is
been opening up just enough so it
snapped his teeth together okay let's go
here's go live by bed when I come home
my legs are gonna be so much stronger I
know I'm excited for that I can kick
stuff really good excited for what
you're gonna be walking like me
oh so how you're walking no I don't have
a baby or do legs days all right we're
done working out how is it guys oh I got
this working out is so much fun I
love to live so I can't walk I'm good
sweaty balls off clearly memoryless is
about my balls off I promise
I went to Bruges that's what Bruce
a it's when my balls off bro I got them
game on the flip know what so we say
Carly we talked about how we care about
women's feelings
yeah about how we want to become better
men help to change the world
look at those socks on I already put
into overtime oil get your socks on with
links below Road er hey I'm tired we did
like day
ouchy ouchy ouchy okay let's go eat food
now what are you doing babe trying to do
something new this is a carrier and I am
trying it yet and I'm going to attempt
to put him in it and feed him well I'm
carrying we're gonna breastfeed in
public yes
I'm so embarrassed good that's my goal I
can't take her anywhere she's always
hooking kids to her breasticles record
screen to help Lauren okay she needs her
space okay just back away bro
back away step away you're gonna drive
it I don't know how to do this don't
tell me what I should turn the camera so
just leave it rollin just keep Relic so
yours is like this is how you do it we
gonna slide him in that being a parent
is adventurous guys you just gotta look
at it that way we can't let the crying
get to you just gotta roll with it ah
this is small yeah another one I bought
for you no it's someone when I pluck
that baby in there document you're not
like you're I think it's just trying to
smuggle a baby very rock hard get under
my shirt I'm gonna smuggle you inside
the place alright well let us know when
you get them all herself I want to see
the after of this it's like you're
wrestling with a small child right now
it's to mr. smolla 'they didn't reach me
alright we're trying to go out to lunch
but the baby wants milk now
so if she's trying to hook him up inside
the little carrier and their way to go
get some food I'll let you know how it
goes I see your license registration
please you're not all that to drive that
vehicle rock hard rock tart I love you
is he taking a nap is he tired give him
a kiss give your doggie a kiss give me
kiss
that's a good kiss cool all right enjoy
your show
Ezekiel was taking a big old nap you
have yourself a little mommy on your
hands you realize that
princess tard is babysitting a baby and
I can help thank you bye bye
are you on the phone you don't customer
service while you're babysitting you're
a multitasker seahorse i'm keiko what's
he staring at are you looking at buddy
yeah we have to do the Johnson file he
hadn't gone spoiled he's working on the
mr. ed file okay like a horse isn't that
fun you had a real baby to play with
mm-hmm you better be careful with him
right of course we have spoken
extensively to princess hard about being
very very careful with the newborn
tryout because he is muy fragile a were
you trying to log into my account Oh
busted hmm busted you trying to like in
favorite shade hard videos from my
account you better like in favor every
Shaytards is you know I do that's
actually one of the things that happens
in our lives Mike honey can you go like
and tweet the new Shaytards video it's a
tickle ruin a minute then like I hear it
hear me like I don't even like this
video that much I don't like it please
just sums it up babe huh goodbye sure
okay fussing so mister puzzle man late
times in a day each oh my goodness look
at my girl over there doing split
looks like ever definitely and no
Commission because you about splits
right now he's getting so good at this
oh my goodness look at this little angel
lips there's one thing it still hits me
I have five kids this is crazy it's
really crazy our life just keeps going
but now we got an extra child so it
completely changed our life but at the
same time things are still the same
it's really weird if any of you know
what it's like to have kids and you know
what I'm talking about it's like all of
a sudden your world is completely
different but yet it's still the same
because we're still doing the same
things and our schedule just keeps going
on but we just gotta figure out how to
add one more into the mess so much fun
though I love being a mommy and he's so
sweet it happens every time we just fall
in love with him we just do there's
little baby tart over there on this
trampoline and she didn't want to come
to gym and she gets to play on the
trampoline and the big rope net I don't
know why she wouldn't want to come
seriously I want to come to gymnastics
if I got to be at
that's really nice that makes me want to
let us sleep he was almost gonna fall
asleep sing another song it's a good one
Rockabye Baby in that treetop when the
wind blows the cradle will rock
give a cute face he does have a cute
face it must be my son
hey that's why he has a cute face all
right get back to massaging oh ho I'm
excited for Christmas now baby tarde
he's doing good
I always want to be don't say you had
two little mommies on your hands
princess hard is walking on my legs
because they're so sore from doing leg
day to day so this is her form of
massage where she just walks on my back
it feels pretty good actually hurts a
little bit but it kind of relieves some
of the lactic acid too much your toe
ways to Oh too much Oh hahahaha larious
I do not know how you guys stand such
comedy gold thanks for watching today's
vlog if you want to check out
yesterday's vlog how you probably
already watched it but you should watch
it again because maybe there's something
you didn't see the first time click on
the yesterday's vlog arrow if you want
to see what the Shaytards are doing
exactly one two three and four years ago
today click on those numbers and if you
want to see Sarah and Paige's story
about the Skype stay together campaign
then click on that feeling lucky button
it's such a cool like you don't say I'm
like these two girls have been friends
since they were eight years old they're
now sixteen years old they've been
skyping each other for the last eight
years Sarah who watches the Shaytards
videos every day saw that I did that
brand deal the Skype brand deal back in
June talking about this stay together
story and I told you guys to submit your
stories and because of that she got to
meet Paige who lives in New Zealand now
they are like best best bestest friends
because they've actually met and you
know she got to Sarah
go to New Zeeland and then they got to
go to be on the Katie Couric show in New
York I mean that's what the internet and
these videos are all about just like
bringing people together you know
friendships that couldn't exist because
of geographical limitations the internet
is bringing all of us together it's so
cool and I just appreciate being a part
of the story and all of you guys being
here with us so click on that feeling
lucky button go check it out and I will
support them okay okay and we'll see you
tomorrow where I'll have more cute
children and hilarious jokes to tell
