I think we're gonna do the video diary
are you ready cuz this might get boring
really cool
there's a lot of like preaching about
self-love these days which is true you
have to love yourself for who you are
but I feel like the ultimate form of
happiness exists only in the experience
of loving something more than yourself
it's a pure state of unselfishness and
just that feeling that you would do
anything you know whether it's sacrifice
your own life or whatever for that
little child would you get you cornered
oh cool we are having another baby I'm
pregnant mom is pregnant
get used to a little bro tard you're in
the Shaytards now I just found that
video response that I thought I would
put it at the beginning of today's video
it was so beautiful if you want to thank
your only trove just tweet it to me
fired sorry my emotions are really high
lately good morning guys yes I look like
this I've been virtually awake since -
the baby wasn't sleeping - all this
morning but now he is sleeping but now
I'm playing with rock tart so I can't
sleep now or partying dudes oh yeah
what's this yeah we're totally partying
huh what's that pit a pig where's the
pig go wait I think you've got all of
the pig what I think you got the whole
pig I think that might be a nose of some
sort annales look at Bulls ice cuz Bulls
I'm missing a nose yeah
where's bullseye oh yeah yes there he is
where's bull's eyes nose match his nose
up almost where does the flat edge go
maybe like that yeah
don't try it again yeah yeah that's a
good idea mom
did you get it there you go good job
hi fine little man what's this he's like
I know high fives until we're all there
oh that's exciting huh oh it's - we're
almost there you're almost there you've
only got a few more pieces left
oh the satisfaction of putting a puzzle
together hey I get it you did it okay
where's the other piece one more piece
left oh yeah so excited ah you did it
good job honey
yeah yeah just brush those hands off now
we scoot it over and do the next one
good job honey hey high fives
can I have a high five now yeah
did we do them all Oh God
good job you got all of them I got two
lightning mcqueen ones and two Toy Story
ones
good job rocked hard that was fun
playing with you no we got another one
hey do you like doing puzzles yeah he
likes puzzles I can't believe you sat
through all of these puzzles into all of
them good job dude
grapes puzzle I love you hey I love you
rock hard you can't be bothered with
love right now you busy hey nice just
smashed it all right you guys
Halloween's over
but we never carved her pumpkins and
nobody ever said you have to carve
pumpkins for Halloween so we're doing it
after hey guys excited to carve our
pumpkins I'm excited too
cuz we forgot to do it earlier but you
know what people can laugh that we have
jack-o'-lanterns on our front porch who
cares right yeah you cares both sides
fortune yeah you guys are you guys are
gonna make a face on each side so you
kind of share the pumpkin and what are
we gonna do at the seeds planted nope
what we're gonna Roast em hi monkey girl
we're gonna roast the pumpkin seeds
that'll be fun oh oh is that face oh I
would love that I'm not that Challenger
though oh oh okay
what yeah we're gonna roast pumpkin
seeds are kind of like a snack you know
like cake whoa okay let's let's have
some knife lessons before we start this
game
Fujiki oh you want to put a dance of web
would you put up a white try again you
want to drive a jack-o'-lantern
kikyo huh hi yeah that's your poop on
the deck how do we get him to stop
pooping on the deck he poops on the deck
he just hill he's got this whole yard to
poop in but he finds the deck to poop on
and I'm pretty sure it's because he was
raised
pooping on a deck but now he's big and
now he's got a whole yard and now he's
still groups on the deck any suggestions
I'm up for suggestions okay we've got
our hats all cut yeah good okay got
pumpkin guts okay now we can use the
spoons not the knife okay put the knife
down use the spoon to scrape all the
guts out of the pumpkin you go get
another spoon there's lots of spoons and
put the seeds on here because we're
gonna roast them roast them up good see
the so confused like what the heck it is
doing and then the game pumpkins
yes we're killing pumpkins yeah see dad
knows what you doing you gettin down and
dirty in that pumpkin
you guys know show them what you did to
my spoon where did it go oh you're
holding it oh good tools have a long
handle on it and it was really hard to
get in there to get a short couple like
this tell me if you do it on purpose I
stuck the handle in there I'm cleaning
this thing you don't know your own
strength my love oh yeah look at that
it's gonna get yeah seriously dude I'm
gonna get this so cleaned up hey sailor
it's so amazing penny you're so good at
this I'm gonna have the most clean
inside of a pumpkin no hole listen okay
in the whole world oh knives and babies
we're not ready to play with the knife
yet okay we gotta wait till we do the
face and then we'll put okay somewhere
nice are you helping daddy or a TV game
Jay Carl over here
team rock rock carl Shaytards a rock
artists that come back see used to it
yeah done dude
did sunder do me cleaners out beautiful
he's gonna go get a spoon is when we're
going to use as an insurance okay test
the lid is this blood to that one you
okay that's it that's about it look at
all these guts ready yes I'm ready
oh yeah hey no that that one goes on
this one no do that fits perfect well
that's right yep
that one goes here I do see that right
in front don't you feel like a nub
school down dude where that spoon go I
was using to clean out the pumpkin
that's here that first time I had a
little spoon and I was cleaning out the
inside of the pumpkins where is it one
of you using it because it was just a
short spoon that I just broke and it has
pumpkin on it is anybody's dollors is
when you're calling somebody dude I
can't find my phone
nobody's your cousin I don't believe
them you're making ask written all its
prey on fine right I tell you you're on
the tuna where's my phone I said look oh
hi he keels help an art to he's got this
branch what are you doing back there
dude that's four yards we need to get
out here and give some TLC to this yard
huh that yummy you're just gonna eat
that Dez's
he likes we're all here hanging out it's
like look guys you're in my turret or no
there's what happens when Z keel gets
excited oh yeah oh yeah we're in the
backyard we're playing backyard oh yeah
oh yeah tear up that terra firma yeah
are you scared baby are your daddy
please love you mr. Russell Nellie oh I
got you an arrow what are gonna do now
got your hands well insert dance moves
well your ferocious your ferocious
look what is it
so you're alright I'm gonna sit what Wow
oh are you carving with a fork go get it
it's right there it will get it you're
doing a great job little man
and then there's Charlie she's being the
maid of the house thank you
are you trying to suck up to skateboard
yeah that might work extreme back to me
I love using just leaning right now do
it you'll can care regimen by Carly
Stiles Oh
lets's it's off yes ladies and gentlemen
it's true for three easy payments of $29
acne problems forever we will come
directly to you with our revolutionary
sucking device and suck those sits and
pimples directly off your face ah ooh
ooh sits our gross my mom that's the
last thing she did before she left to go
back to Idaho is popped a zit on my
forehead she's like ooh that looks like
a good one I'm like bye mom I love you
let me pop that zit before I go rose any
of you like to pop zits it's a weird
thing I love you guys check out
yesterday's vlog click on that feeling
lucky button you know know you know you
know what to click on
you know what to click okay sorry today
was short but I didn't have there wasn't
a lack of love that mean there might
have been a lack of you know shade hard
minutes but there was not a lack of love
there was lots of love in other news we
are back for bro vembur if you want to
check out the shayloss channel get fit
feeling healthy and frisky then come on
over and join us love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow
