hi guys a little yeah well it's one take
Sunday hmm
why are you jumping up yeah don't don't
film behind you don't bail my Proctor's
naked dude the bones look at him he's
like oh I like to see young reels all
over your face yeah I did publish money
you know they say no you shouldn't use a
lot of lotion on babies because they
need to develop their own skin oils but
every once in a while you try to put the
baby laughs oh it smells so good is he
ugly yes guys
is he an ugly baby so maybe John I would
like he makes the weirdest face inside
you like what he does this woman likes
our face because do you think those
facial reactions correspond to brain
thoughts brain waves that he's having or
they just like muscle twitches yeah I
wonder let's go y'all these kids what
are you guys doing over here
jinx oh dude I'm oh yeah we carve a
pumpkin last night yeah because thanks
or what's it called Thanks Halloween had
passed and we hadn't carved the pumpkin
that to me and princess charts special
we got to put a candle in there Wow
that's the best part there is hey you
should drop them all onto the star maker
draw 16 Katie that is that a rule or you
can like that's a speedo no you may ever
play speed you know all right so the
name of this game is like yes--she the
color boom Shakalaka
for tear drop
welcome back to the game drops more
loser for well I got this is Sun tarts
pumpkin I was gonna do plus good good
hey um hi guys what take Sunday dirty
like clean me out here
I don't got a lot for you today kind of
tired
just got home from church and had a good
night's sleep last night
hills get out in the Sun Zeke bring him
out here sunshine sunshine
hold up unwholesome sunshine people are
saying more bro tarde footage oh he
needs to be in the Sun could be slightly
jaundiced yeah did you guys know we
already told him that we hey that dress
good boy hey boy Rock tard notice he
didn't come out and scream until he was
properly dressed good job we taught him
he's learning about a movie so grandma
and grandma are gone it's sad
they left Carly still here though we
can't get rid of her she's like a virus
look at this is there a Bronco game
today no it's just football Sunday slips
out of in sports or by week but guess
what I need your eyes his prayers John
boxes when underwent a huge heart
surgery and waiting back in the game
play do you want his health for the sake
of his life in his family or for this
the record high intensity situations
which is never just had heart surgery
yeah he's a player on the Broncos why do
you have what sorry I knew that I knew
that oh yes
I know my wife's got a hot butt that's
all I know
why did he have heart surgery too much
stress in his life too much football
lady about winning every game I'm done
uh yeah I don't I'm not I I love sports
I'll watch sports I'll watch ESPN but I
just I'm too busy man
anytime people are like have you seen
this one show right I can't have five
kids instead of watching TV I have
children that is what I've replaced TV
with the raising of offspring you guys I
think say some cute funny that's lame I
got a lot of green foot one red okay a
lot of green blue red yeah look what
sometimes wearing his harvard shirt
that's where you go to school right no
pressure I got one what'd you do with
the other three you give them already go
if I clean it and then I'll go to BYU
BYU or Harvard okay who's dropping the
rose
I put the job down there I know he
picked red yeah you go you said the name
dude okay nice hey what do you think
about saying your names in your blinds
hey I have a question should we start
saying your guys's names in the volume
should just use your real names or tard
names I mean I wonder I don't really
care using my real name cuz my real
names I like thank you rather he's rule
in your way I am a Prius would you
rather be Gavin than centered that's my
real name
I like it so yeah do not like so hard no
I like it I just I want my real name
okay we'll say Gavin for me
hey baby tard don't any baby tartar ME
ME ME ME like you're trying to look at
the air
that's my hair oh it's right there on
your shirt the kids said they want to be
called by their real names kids so they
want to be used by their own spirits but
have you heard what's his name hey hey
what's your name what your name is say
can you say rock card say rock hard hey
what's the baby's name and rotor rotor
got new oh nice kept allows rotor these
a bunch aged a bunch is unchanged time
for the brokered realize we have five
kids um yes
this is hit me a few times and I break
down every time start crying
I can't take your five kids outside
thank you
last night when I was brushing my teeth
I had that thought where it's like I
will forever say I have five kids that
has changed everything and like those
first couple nights when he was crying
and wouldn't sleep it's like oh yeah
there are a lot of work it seemed like a
good idea at the time
and now why the hell did we do that why
didn't we have another baby that is a
lot of work you I don't think there are
very few of you who understand what it's
like to have five children to raise and
feed and brush and cleanse and sanitize
these children it's a lot of time Oh
Daniel so me
guy I mean guy was okay so we went to
Shay's lesson he taught a lesson in
church today and he was listening to you
he was so cute and then somebody else
would speak up you know like when you
call on somebody and then he'd be like I
let me hear your voice again and know I
love you bro tar you and he that's your
voice well that's true I know that
doctors say that you know the babies
they hear voices in the womb you know so
like he's used to this screaming family
because that's what he's been around for
nine months inside of Colette's belly
like it would be weird if it was quiet
in here huh honestly he'll be weird all
right one take Sunday we love you guys
we'll be back tomorrow for the rest of
the day I'm gonna eat leftover Chinese
food lie on the couch probably flatulate
a few times tease Carly Oh what that's
right whatever they bring in dinner over
I don't know but she said she had Kaylee
in case you're gonna come over they're
gonna bring dinner for soon all right I
love you guys
levy Zeke mm-hmm if you haven't yet go
watch yesterday's Disneyland vlog we
were there it was fun I want to go back
hon we got to go back when you can take
little bro face I'll be tired had to
stay home were you sad that we were gone
it was it was really lonely here but I
knew I couldn't handle Disneyland so it
was a it was a good decision but it was
kind of sad yeah we had a good time TV I
just realized too as I was editing that
vlog that we didn't go on Indiana Jones
my favorite ride I didn't get to go on
Tower of Terror because I had to go get
rock-hard a season pass we didn't get
season passes we are very lucky to be
able to like be 30 minutes from
Disneyland so we got to go at least
three times this year babe you got to go
three times to make your season pass
worth it which is pretty easy how is
considering how close we live and there
I mean to go for Rock card for one day
was a hundred and thirty bucks so we
just bought the season passes now if we
go three times it'll pay for it so we
gotta go desi 9k okay all right love you
guys for next Sunday see you tomorrow
