hi I'm logging here it's Friday hole
yeah dog she's Friday is TGIF the letter
if we go to school inside of me all
right so because grandma and grandma and
Carly and Cooper are in town we have
decided that we will make a trip to
Disneyland today and that's just a great
day when you're gonna go to Disney but
first these kids have to go to school
Wow and I asked them okay guys we got to
think about this what's the very first
ride we want to go on today at
Disneyland and maybe tarde said what
well first she said I want to go on the
Tower of Terror and then send her and
said no smiling on the teacups and then
babyt are turned into no frowning on the
Tower of Terror so we're gonna have to
go to no frowning on the Tower of Terror
today is Neal and you look at last you
think that's the best ride yeah I think
Indiana Jones is one of the girls I
would do Indiana Jones like four times
or Space Mountain
I love Space Mountain if you're if you
ever go on Space Mountain at Disneyland
here's the number one rule my grandpa
Eugene taught me this you have to be on
the very first car just ask if you're in
line and you get there and like can we
be in the first car you might have to
wait like another one or two rides but
you get on that first car and it is
exhilarating I'm kind of excited to go
to Disneyland today you guys excited
yeah and daddy we was on when we made a
party they said
my first view we're the first car huh
it's exhilarating cuz you feel like
you're gonna hit your face you're gonna
smack your head on a bar or something
cuz you're zooming through the darkness
but first you have one more day of
school
it'll probably easy right Friday
Halloween you guys would probably have
like a party or something
cupcakes okay so drop the kids off at
school went and worked out uploaded the
daily vlog now it's time to go pick the
kids up from school and go to Disneyland
here's ready the shade to our Disneyland
vlogs are some of the best let's say
goodbye to little bro Kart hey dude
we wanted to Disneyland without you
you're not old enough yet you gotta be
more than a week old to go to Disneyland
kay don't be mad you look cute in your
pumpkin onesie oh you got pumpkin beet I
want pumpkin feet okay how small he is
that is my hand duh Oh guys guys what
welcome to the world this is my hand
shut up shade Captain Obvious yeah come
here come on with your mommy I could the
pumpkin bombers called pumpkin bombers
Oh hmm okay grandma ready go Disneyland
so Colette and bro charter staying here
because they're just you know still
healing my tard how you be mad at us cuz
we're going to Disneyland summer you're
gonna play I'm a little bit bummed but I
know that it wouldn't be fun to go right
now okay because I wouldn't be able to
walk around very much drag you on
oh grandma once last time you wear it
Disneyland
years ago years ago okay let's go I'm
ready I'm taking the melon with me my
kids who's ready to go to Disneyland you
guys excited were you guys thinking
about Disneyland all day at school
really did you guys decide what's right
we're gonna ride first oh that's some
supplies in case we need it I brought
you some shorts and a jacket case it's
hot or cold there's a dragon in there
there's a carabiner in case we need to
descend Space Mountain
he's never know what you might need okay
I'm ready I'm excited you're excited
grandma okay let's go Disneyland yeah
what
are you thirsty you don't have to thirst
the whole drive okay we'll go get some
water
it depends on traffic wait we live in a
los angeles yes it's gonna be a long
drive this is my hiding place
can you guys tell what yeah well get
used to it because I'm your father come
are you excited yes like that exact
excited grandma I want to say we are
here at the Disneyland parking structure
where you pay one leg and two arms to
park for 12 hours this is you know I
love coming to Disneyland
and I think it's just a father's job to
complain about how expensive it is right
right dad's am i right dad's ha no okay
that was that what guys do grandma yes
guys just complain how expensive things
are I guess so
Ike ridin with a guy I don't dare say
both step excited have a good time huh
you better here we go here they come the
go to Disneyland with Grandma with
Grandma with a girl of so my mom Carly
Cooper and rock card are already here or
meeting Casey and Caylee and their kids
here and it's gonna be a fantastic
fun-filled day we're gonna probably stay
till midnight okay we're in can you
believe it they let us in what fools
we're gonna destroy this place all right
so we are headed to the Buzz Lightyear
Adventureland to rendezvous with their
family with the other family and then I
got a dog I need a churro
I need a burrito I need a Mickey Mouse
chicken legs something candidate but if
they serve broiled mouse here dried
mouse legs
oh really that'd be all right okay ready
baby are you excited yeah I want cotton
gin of course you do well then you're
gonna get one okay okay I'm gonna give
you three actually can you eat three of
those yeah if I give you five Khan
counties you think you could eat them
all I doubt it I doubt you could all
right
let's go find mama gram on other people
that we know and love and care about
what a white duck we're seeing already
looking at me see there you go doc dude
you guys like Disneyland and you're
excited about ducks all right Kevin
Disneyland look at Birds
Buzz Lightyear okay we found um there's
catering there's mom
there's Minnie Mouse there's Kaylie Gani
oh your mini sorry and my favorite
member of bath boys comedy killing
you having to get tired
okay I think is having a good time Roger
say hi 12 times Wow okay put it here on
the side here's off pretty much she's
gonna get you ready you guys ready back
there we're gonna shoot the evil
everywhere serve you're going down
everything's a ride at Disneyland any
every nook and cranny is packed full of
fun center jump up there high and slide
down get some elevation on that
come on princess cards down for that
here I have an idea ready go rock guard
all right let's go eat I'm starving
need some carbs okay having some noodles
and some other stuff but these guys have
been waiting and bite into a magical
delicious star
oh is that yummy
look satisfying I want to buy that
little juice box with a rice krispy
treat star everybody want to bite -
goodbye to that oh how much frosting is
on top of that pan okay we'll have to
finish eating my noodles first close
together close together together
together what do you think this is just
heads here on your belly buttons okay
say you're going under guys do not me
he'll be back we're back in 45 minutes
okay good job sergeant Carly that's
what's awesome all right who's ready to
go on Space Mountain base Mountain time
yeah I like that song you guys should
download it on iTunes for 99 cents links
below okay what a great idea
hahaha that's good don't lose your head
bro that is a good rule to live by Carly
I love you sister we're the happiest be
so cool and sugar high we just had a
frosted coated rice krispies I've had
three pounds of marshmallows in the last
15 minutes I'm ready to go on Space
Mountain
hi guys who's riding on Space Mountain
yeah okay let's do this you're our mini
Mezzaluna the game good game good game
again again good game good game so one
way to maximize your experience at
Disneyland for small children when
waiting in lines to give them a Daddy
ride
happy
she just peed on my shoulder
do it right Peter you jerk you're
ruining her Disneyland
he's funny he's so funny baby Todd you
ready go on Space Mountain yay
are you excited are you scared at all
Dave it's hard okay here we go we are
moments away from riding Space Mountain
are you nervous that looks like a
nervous space here it goes the ride
before us son Todd on a scale from one
to ten how excited are you
ten ten why you don't think about that
too long all right it's green baby card
looks like grey alien princess car get
the front seat you guys got the best
view in the house here we go okay you
guys now we're in a California land of
adventurers or something and here is a
pro tip if you ever come to Disneyland
find the trolley and walk right behind
it there's no me and this guy we're
smart there's no traffic if you just
draft right behind the trolley it's
genius otherwise you're just like
fighting people everywhere if you just
follow right behind this thing you can
get right through the park it's amazing
I'm saving so much time dude this is
cool in karsland a photo bomb video for
the Baja I'm looking for the cars ride
there all the cars ride we've got to
find them and meet them okay we are in
the Cars Land Pride Rock party is not
having a good time
you've been in line for 104 minutes but
I'm counting this better view to meet
you
no one hugs Peter this is Che charts
viewer I just assumed she probably
watches a lot of YouTube not just shade
hurts I was selfish for me to sign home
as I'm sorry alright finally made it to
the front of the line it was 127 minutes
and there's only one thing you do if you
successfully wait in line for under 27
minutes if you have to come over the
handshake in here it is
oh that's adorable and kind of obnoxious
we got a yellow one fancy watch art
finally woke up what a life huh
sleep on dad's shoulder for an hour and
a half then wake up to go on the ride
wish I was a kid just going for a scenic
ride in the mountains everybody
yeah√∂ here in Radiator Springs the best
part of Disneyland rides is the racial
yet leader into town I made early
Luigi give our friend your best whoa or
the tire shop hey there we are
whoa Oh get new tires
oh nice tires cool Rock charts ladies oh
thanks Luigi I think I was Luigi sure
this is pretty cool according to the
Hudson Hornet
I won the race that was really cool are
we actually raced and we won I told you
it when you guys win your race
I was surprised that with that bad Oh
update update we're about to enter a
dance party I'm not sure if you knew
that or not but we're about to get our
boogie on I know everybody knows right
it's a dance party
remember
that's it
we're going to foster that all right
we're gonna mantras read the words sign
it hands down the very best part of
Disneyland is watching your kids faces
as they see things like run or like
we're so excited as an adult as a parent
that's the best part
you guys may see some excited faces
those are pretty exciting those are
exciting
that's exciting I miss the excited face
all right we're gonna get two cabs of
six for this party of 12 to take us to
Monstropolis I hope we see Mike Wazowski
I saw you blog bombing me but yet it was
vlog vomit mom you ready I'm ready you
ready yeah you're ready you hope you see
Mike Wazowski my see solely to see you
guys on the road Mike without you home
Oh chicken right there's booth door
don't shred it this is cool oh you guys
in the first row it is great for me
professionals they just got free energy
out of you guys he tricked you good one
Oh
Oh
babe
Wow
we're getting corndogs I'm hungry I want
a corndog look at our corn nuts without
14 those look delicious and chips yes
all right
sorry I was weird okay thanks appreciate
it jail off get that extra sale off the
scrip oh crap
chips everywhere getting crazy now get a
little loopy little loopy oh look what
we have here let's do a little test hey
what's this what's that what is that oh
well he still hasn't learned could we
get another five million views what do
you think rocker hey hey what's that
what is that what is that can you say
bow and arrow say it's a bow and arrow
say Robin Hood shot one of those
memories good memories see I told you
guys it's always gonna be a memory every
time I see a bow and arrow now I'm gonna
think a little rock tart on our way home
from Idaho you like that gun whoa okay
don't shoot you wanna buy that camera
buy it okay do you have your debit card
of course you do you wouldn't go
anywhere without it was you okay it's
like the water
my cool yeah we'll buy this touch we
gotta buy it now we have to shoot
everything in Disneyland get it dude get
it nice nice shoot Oh get their
spaceships get this picture
baby boxing he's beatboxing table data
fighters okay it's midnight time to take
the long tram ride home now it's time to
say goodbye to all our family come back
they just said this last night oh dang
it
am i seein this crusty real soon Jas you
are like mo us is definitely grateful
boarding
wait gauge divided easy tomorrow Mike
Danny see you guys yeah levy you guys
tomorrow to cue
bye everybody look it's like you're
going up an elevator mom poke your head
up
hi guys where your heads together
hey dude thanks for watching our videos
baby thank you hey you got a big concert
series where to pick on sure nice nice -
Touche man that's cool YouTube YouTube I
like YouTube enough okay look let me say
invitee - now we have to make excuses
for babies hard don't flip them off okay
say bye say bye alright what a day at
Disneyland it was crazy
I love you guys I'll see you tomorrow
look in my eye girl sucks when I step in
the spot you know it's time to rock I
pull up up to the top of my
chinny-chin-chin yeah my god twins is
where it all begins
life can be heavy we all know so much
Russian you're gonna slow you gotta take
time to release the low so I kick off my
shoes and oh I go my toes
Oh
