here here oh oh oh oh oh I'm a Christmas
tree for Halloween gay okay we're
starting this morning in a rush I need
to get two watermelons we're going down
to the beach right now to make a
shayloss video where we're playing
soccer with furious Pete who's a
professional eater and we're gonna have
a watermelon eating contest no I love me
some watermelon you guys know that but I
don't know if I can beat a professional
eater this guy is a madman so I gotta
find a water not seeing watermelons they
will have a pumpkin eating contest oh
man these are lame lame melons bro all
right found three big watermelons on a
knife we're gonna go do some watermelon
eatin on Halloween okay we got the
watermelon and a soccer ball
we'll be playing some beach soccer today
smells like fresh beef steaks or
somebody's grilling hamburgers which I
don't care who you are smells delicious
busted what are you guys doing hey I was
hoping you brought that ball I almost
forgot it header oh I actually I don't
know how to play football so we got two
grandmas and a great day and sitting on
the couch there's got to be a joker
somewhere I guess it takes it hosts the
couch coozy grandma oh I think that was
a fat butt joke cciq grandmas he's gonna
miss you guys when you leave I'm gonna
miss you mom doesn't like see the
biggest time I like being I just show
she was chihuahua sighs he's a big puppy
he's a big puppy
and he won't bite his own cow doctor
what are you watching Tom and Jerry do
you like it he's watching a Halloween
version of Tom and Jerry that grandma
bought for him at the store cause she's
such a nice grandma mom don't make him
buy this tail here see that dog on
Marik's ponies videos and they would be
like ouch
is that foot would move and he got back
oh yeah my god
and then his little foot would like
sneak up like this like he would move it
involuntarily um dual personality like
Saudi else I just think it sees really
bored don't know me mom no did you see
it
he would be laying on the couch and
seriously this for us we can't start
barking at it yeah dog that was coming
down the hall and the family had showed
up grab all this little wind-up toy and
it was going down hall and that dog was
so scared it went run and hidden a tub
and the shower curtain was there and
ahead in the tub and all of a sudden you
seen it poked its head out around from
the photo behind the shower curtain and
it give up shower curtain and it's still
there so he went back in on the show in
a few minutes he didn't respond so he
got all the shower curtain and just go
brother like mad I was laughing hard I
couldn't even sit up the oldest what on
earth is so funny I said you gotta see
this but he missed it with it enough
grab always seen it already
hmm my friend my friend my friend wait
what happened
the lizard went up skippers pants cut
cut out ha the lizard I'm Cooper's fan
what is going on out here
oh let me get a little better I pull my
pants back okay wait so you pulled your
pants down too because Cooper had to
pull his pants down what a true friend
you are to pull your pants down to help
somebody not feel embarrassed about pull
their pants down because like I was
still in there but see another can like
quit throwing the poor little thing but
throwing them
you're not how you do it uses for me
terrible dude
they don't throw the lizard around okay
so that a nice day we were catching
everyone or he thought him it to come
step in the poo it went on his head
really hard and so now is I don't like
packed out oh okay maybe we can't water
on the shade tarred kids are lizard
murderers if you think I'm gonna cut
that out then you have another thing
coming you're gonna hear from the lizard
protection services of America I love
your Halloween stress I got this last
year at Target yes I would wear it again
this year
hola I wish we would have found those
sweaters that I like the monster hoods I
might go the mall someone oh yeah come
on monster the fall monster you know
what I could I have one of those
it doesn't fit him anymore are you gonna
order any more problem I borrow your
last her sweater the monster face
sweater we still have it watch Jesus he
decided never mind his pants he doesn't
he doesn't know took some brain cells
out or something okay so it's Halloween
we're getting ready we're decorating our
front door and we have if so much candy
you guys literally like 600 pieces of
candy so hopefully we get a lot of
people here cuz I'm not gonna eat six
much pieces I'll need it if they don't
come what do you want Angie oh you're so
responsible it's Halloween and all you
want is a ham and cheese sandwich that's
what I'll tell them at every door this
key don't like yeah yeah Angie's
stretchy stretc stretch Oh Carly you
look cute today so much anguish for your
wife oh yeah we're ready
yes ready you guys what should we dress
up this up for Halloween I'm only and
all the ones who really dress up this is
what you are you're already dressed up
your pumpkin scary I shall have the
girls do my makeup like crazy scary that
would be fun I talk princess hard did
she tell you what she wants to be
tonight Taylor Swift no I talked her
into being a bloody Belle like what lady
mess with her dress like her princess
dress and then putting like blood on her
face after she turned 13 she'll be like
this is a realize she's excited about it
yeah Harley Maria I just bought that we
have been way inappropriate he's vlogs
lately I haven't you said uterus and
yesterday's vlog when I like saying
backbone it's a part of your body what
is our new daddy I thought it was a
dance move I thought a uterus was a
nerdy dance move she's doing the uterus
look she's doing the uterus rotor has
been doing the uterus for nine months
she's been you guys been hanging out
there yup hey you good you doing the
uterus bro sweeping the nation roll how
was school today
hey what did you do at school today
isn't your aunt beautiful yeah it was
his date tell her how beautiful your
aunt is yeah beautiful I love you so
much
any of you were my first nephew did you
know that mm-hmm I used to take care of
you I didn't rescued you though did you
guys know that Carly did breastfeed baby
card when use the ledger the name she
freaked out like she was a little
weirded out which I was super weirded
out when we had baby tard me and Colette
we're on a date or something and parlays
watching baby tart and she was just
crying it would not stop Carly had just
said Cooper so she was breastfeeding and
moms like Carly get in here and feed
this kid well Carly's like know so she
breasts that baby tart know it's
disgusting your mom said that's what
they did in that open days all right
when they're wet versus wet nurses and
just like ladies would just breastfeed
other kids yeah higher higher higher
take we hire a few wet nurses to come
hang out around here babe yeah you mean
hire
I'll be the wet nurse oh yeah can I go
can I rent you out good mixing out good
money if anybody wants to rent Colette's
milky never mind we would okay uh cut
the next clip uh you said I was being in
a probes talk oh haha Adam's apple flick
okay Rock chart
are you excited to go trick-or-treating
again you are so silly
where's all the candy that we got to put
in the bowls whoa what are you prince
tarn what whoa what are you are you left
a zombie Belle bloody Belle that's what
you are
she's bloody Belle my love what are you
watching I'm Shane Austin and I'm
youtuber dot-com slash Shaytards know
your tree okay that's not that's scary
scary that's scary you know looks like a
three-year-old I think you are you and
that's pretty scary too that is scary
it is how the weed and we're at the mall
and everybody is trigger treating I
didn't realize that there's kids
everywhere dressed up and little
princess outfits and look who I'm
we have five kids and none of them are
with us right now isn't this fun
before the German train
started and we thought we'd make a
little date out of this machine got a
pumpkin here with us no no my you guys
won it's it's meant to be look we have
awful awful worse and then oh hey hey
girl what is that a manual and it's
Manning I need a new shirt because they
the last time I wore my lucky shirt they
lost and so it's about a changeup
changeup tradition the shirt and it's a
it's a small and it has Manning yeah
that would do a high kick for you but I
have a skirt on is he here oh oh oh oh
oh oh Christmas tree for Halloween yet
what softening I like those trees they
complement your they're not even say
anything or not mad it's good
advertising we're gonna get we're gonna
get trees for Christmas okay that was a
really profound statement we're gonna do
sir it's refreshing yeah a fall out of
that okay whose idea was it to let the
kids in their own makeup baby Todd you
can't do blackface that's racist what
are you doing what are you what are you
what are you dressing up as all right
well we got Darth Vader put your mask on
let me see we got Darth Vader and
spider-man
haven't you been spider-man's in the
last three years Gary Gary Princess and
the zombie boy I'm not finished
do some blood yeah but are you a zombie
skateboarder yeah Louis keep it sorry
who does your makeup that looks good
actually my mom your mom you're gonna
get mom this time I wanted like a zombie
look inside a skateboarder look okay
cool Halloween
there's have you seen baby turn you see
baby for its face I love it be sure
you've seen the updated version I think
it's some kids they want to be scary
scary princesses all right here's the
candy distribution half of that how this
little guy doing he's sleepin paste god
I've never forgot his little costume on
spider and Halloween that Oh cute
grandma I love you I'm just a witch I
don't mean cause you're a pretty pretty
princess mom's making dinner for us over
here we're having brain and what do we
have him are you helping put the candy
in the bowl good John spider-man spender
Oh
oh you're so scary all right who's ready
to go trick-or-treating okay are you
ready
a picture of everyone all the kids were
sawed that's a sign there is a prego
person inside she has a baby hook go get
close that close ready take a picture
okay
Instagram time on the first one anywhere
you can have it just for usage
everyone's my pic bitch move up boys
that's Coopers miss it
one mile rock card look Turk look smile
nice music effort filter hold on wait go
back
filter all right that's one of the time
I gotta steal your clothes rings okay go
Gary Cantrell hi Cooper's Darth Vader
son tard
scary Robin Hood Taylor Swift
let's go sweating again and cry this out
punkin
beware of scary spooky things in the air
Wow look at baby are you scared little
dude this is one of the coolest houses
there is Wow haha that is good hey this
rabid dogs headstones we think we're
just hard
quick-step here if you dare step there
harder not something hard not let me
does that scare easy
that's scary cool it was an amazing
Halloween we had my grandma my mom my
sister all the cousins and the kids
nothing better than going
trick-or-treating with all your cousins
we ran around this neighborhood for
probably an hour and a half and Zeke
loved every minute of it he growled at a
few werewolves and one Dracula and
everybody in the neighborhood is like
whoa look at that dog I've said it once
I'll say it again if you ever want to
feel famous walk around with a great
date in public and you will feel famous
seriously everybody will stare at you
and ask you questions I want to come up
and talk to you because your dog so big
oh it's like a horse oh you should get a
monkey and ride it oh yeah we've heard
them all over the last ten years of
owning Great Danes okay I love you guys
check out yesterday's vlog click on that
feeling lucky button I hope you had a
great happy Halloween welcome to
November first and a little uh thank you
because the Shaytards
had 21 million views in the month of
october that's the most views we've had
in probably the last two years so I want
to thank you and bro tard because the
little cuteness probably contributed to
a lot of those views so I just want to
say thank you guys I appreciate you
watching 21 million views last month
that is quite astonishing and I feel
very grateful and thankful for you guys
okay so guess what I'll see you tomorrow
we'll upload another video okay okay
thumbs this one up love you bye
