hi well hello little one
what are you doing today what are you
thinking about you're so serious
oh yeah oh goodness
the baby cam starts today we're just
gonna keep filming you the rest of your
life how do you feel about that I don't
know I just want to milk mom
bring me some milk okay here we are down
on the booj booj booj we're with ron
furious pete he's so furious so furious
and Carly and clay see a cool name and
I'm uh you're angrier and really angry
Randy what's your name
mad Madeline not a mitten and we're
doing shayloss workout here with furious
Pete a lot of people have been text and
tweeting and comment and do a workout
furious Pete okay we're doing I was
furious Pete I'm gonna go crazy there's
only some furious shayloss going down
today and I'm gonna do some young pizzas
right they weren't yeah that's okay the
only reason KC caves like he's gonna
bring a lot of food right where's your
where's your 50 doughnuts Pia actually
it's over before he ate him in the car
he was in the car so we're gonna do a
circuit workout right here on the beach
it is a beautiful day mom and grandma
we're with Cooper and rock cards
somewhere over here walking around
they're gonna go look at the sites so
check out the shayloss video okay cool
ready do it here we go look who's here
uncle Qasim and Bob the hip present for
the little baby I want to know out it
means major advertising let's get those
dollars oh right we gotta get some money
throw a I get a brand deal first I want
to know castle I wanted to I would like
some behind-the-scenes footage of Qasim
shopping for a baby present
first forgive a vanilla latte is
there a lot of hot moms I'll just poke
them oh come on move it this is him oh
sorry uh what happened what you do too
is fate
mom can't put indentions into him that's
like that kind of crusty up here in the
nose area think about bro is that what
is that what is oh I know right I want
to pick up so that you want to take a
bee or strip probably his whole face
come on what do you worry at this
faceoff B or strips for babies
I told Cora pop those bonus squeezes
cousin yep totally just for a minute how
do i in case of emergencies lira words a
cord you can pull down there somewhere
well he's sleeping go sit down there you
got yeah you look really awkward little
baby little ease gasps girls paws Rock
tardy jealous huh I have noticed that
when I turned the camera on he gets
louder I think he's like realized that
when the camera comes on every gets loud
and obnoxious
oh there's Cooper speaking of loud
obnoxious oh-ho zing all right went open
this present and see what he got him hey
let's get the kids come here Walker
let's scare the kids let's hide in a
little scare they come in down here when
they come on let's go okay when they
come in yell
Chicago draw ready
I'm so scared
Wow scariest thing I've ever seen a
chicken he's out there sharing them he
look beautiful
grandma got seashells today he's alright
oh hey you kids get inside here okay
to see Carly with her makeup off
Charlie's taking a nap
Carly Maria Stiles get up taking a nappy
nap
this is not yours you know I'm gonna
laugh some sticks together with that
later
Kassem oh it's a wolf onesie oh yeah my
classic chasm that's cute hey you smack
anything I pick your nose I know he's
been like that all day I can't stand up
there's my little sweetheart sorry guys
you're going to have to bear with me I
don't know how to work this camera yet I
don't know how to zoom in its try
something
hope that didn't work look I didn't work
either
okay we'll try again you guys you're
gonna have to bear with me I'm a really
big noob I just switched to the Canon
Shay has one and I have one no I haven't
blogged very much and partially is
because I just had a baby and partially
because I don't know how to work those
camera yet and I'm learning I think I
found the suit let's try again
Wow that gets really close
this is gonna be fun I can tell his face
is hard muscles nice I could not do that
right now my uterus would be like wow
sorry I just said you first on the
Shaytards blog computers it is okay this
is the first time that I've been out and
about since the baby's born I know it's
not even been a week but I have to take
my kids to gym I don't want to miss it
and so we did bring little retard with
us we're keeping him very covered so
that he's not getting any germs no
jammies for that baby
we're Charlie Fargo they're there no
makeup on I said you're beautiful look
like I'm on drugs but the perfect second
doing this maybe we need a bra on I know
I know I were filming I'm covering look
so surprised I'm taking a nap before
that I wanted to my niece's succeed in
gym you just need to make me feel better
because I'm still in that pregnancy on
his way prettier than I do I don't have
a kid shut the front door
this gym is like you do not mess around
like I'm feeling they're gonna come up
here and be like 50 burpees for sure the
mom and you're laughing and just the
aunt but I don't have a bra on provided
burpees you all might get a oh ha
ha ha how do you feel about being at
gymnastics
who loves gymnastics smells like stinky
sweaty girls in here huh ok say bye guys
bye guys
we're having leftovers there's my hand
for combustion is still saying she's
hungry okay just slowly back away I'm
starving
they're good leftist is against plate -
is it I've already had mine
so you're just grabbing off the kids
play I'm blendness okay leave me alone
your recipe
you need a lot of nutrients I need a lot
of nutrients I wish I could breastfeed
not like on you like I mean I don't
wouldn't mind what I'm trying to say is
I want to eat lots of food not suck on
your giant okay uh little SD kids iki
all you want to come inside good boy
what's going on here little brother time
somebody Sikhi old backup dude his
brother time I'm a brother I'm a brewery
okay and he's looking at your son taro
you gonna teach him everything there is
to know about being a dude what are you
gonna teach him funny he's like well
he's see in the world for the first time
can you imagine seeing everything for
the very first time it's like whoa what
is all this stuff putting a teaching
center erener what would you teach you
if you can only teach them three things
this is your little brother you have to
teach him to help him you know to handle
this big bad world what do you teach him
yeah life lessons what three big life
lessons would you teach him well be
respectful what do you mean by that
maybe if someone has a different opinion
than you you respect their opinion be
like well it's a good opinion but my
opinion like a movie like if someone
does hoarsely like the movie then you
could be like oh I like it
oh maybe you should teach some of the
people on the internet some of that
stuff that seems like some pretty good
life advice what else would you teach
him mmm
you better listen your big brother he
has a lot to teach you buddy you'll be a
wise little more if you listen to your
big brother don't slack always try your
best
what's your best in everything amen to
that
hey come sit down your Big Brother's
teaching some life lessons I think you
need to hear some of these two or you
listening to your cousin yes your
cousins teaching he's dropping some
wisdom here on your faces one last one
be respectful always do your best
one more looking up at you like what is
it big bro what's the news what do I do
try to be a role model like maybe of
someone swearing or sudden you don't
want to swear are you kind of wanna use
nice words okay okay listen it's like
whoa I definitely will do that I love
you I love you did you're a good boy
Thanks
you must have a pretty good dad hole or
an amazing mom that's probably more I am
probably more correct interesting he
just asked me was mom the baby's not in
there anymore you pushes on my stomach
I'm like no it just looks like him yeah
there's another one in there I push them
out eventually I'm sure you look amazing
a little spin for us mommy tard you're
an amazing woman how you do it none of
us will ever know all right so we're
gonna go to a movie so you're gonna show
my mama grandma good time other here so
we're gonna go see that captain Phillips
and Tom hates
very very excited about that Tom Hanks
he's good and everything right it would
be such a good rock tour so here they
come and we're letting little Sun tard
it's not so little with such wise wisdom
that he just gave I thought that kid
deserves to stay up late and see a movie
even on the school night
don't you guys think I got him I got
tickets let's go hi grandma who's here
to bath we got him
I'll pay you're paying me for nothing
your money's no good here grandma likes
or such heart want to see the movie yes
oh grandma look that's where you got
your new phone your new phone oh he
misses all of his brothers and sisters
let him look hi guys
I miss you I'm here with grandma Lynette
and she's treating me really good
it sure text me kay guys it's fun her
purse it's really spacious and she has
lots of gum okay let me guys I'm going
home bye grandma that's what you have to
do in their technology sometimes they
miss their presence well we saw captain
Phillips and son of a intensity pardon
my language that was crazy
maybe a little too intense for young man
here but I always Phil and I said this
with Saving Private Ryan and other
movies like that that really happened
somebody really experienced that in
their life and I think it's important to
like see movies like that if somebody
really lived that there's no swearing
there was no sex there was not even one
swear word no drugs there wasn't was
their sword
well did he know women hear it anyways
it was a very good movie I highly
recommend it it is very intense and even
though you know the outcome because it's
a true story this really happened in
2009 even though you know the outcome
the entire time you're on the edge of
your seat like so uh captain Phillips
Tom Hanks for the Oscar really really
good now
time for magical hour the other thing
made me very proud of our armed forces
there are some scenes in there that I
was like dang I want to be a Navy SEAL
those guys are so awesome the things
they can do and they're so just like
calm under pressure and mom do you say
those are real Navy SEALs my mom watched
like a whole documentary yeah they were
cute yeah they were handsome all right
hello we're headed home you gotta go
right to bed kay dude you can't complain
when it's time to wake up tomorrow all
right deal that was the deal I told him
he's gonna come tonight tell him he has
to uh go right to that alright see you
guys tomorrow
would you like movie coupe we fall
asleep halfway through and now you're
gonna fall asleep go to bed you have
school tomorrow good night
happy Halloween happy Halloween happy
Halloween okay so we're gonna go
trick-or-treating tonight big
trick-or-treating night in our
neighborhood and we're gonna get lots of
candy and I'm trying gonna try not to
eat at all but you know I have to take
my daddy tax from the kids here's the
end slate what the end slate is is a
perfect spot for you to click on more
shaycarl
entertainment you want to watch
yesterday's vlog well there's the words
on the left arrow to go click on it you
want to hit that feelin lucky button
I don't know I usually put a shayloss
video one of Colette's videos she has
her own channel or a blast from the past
I try to pull up some old videos from
past experiences and if you want to see
what our family was doing exactly 1 2 3
& 4 years ago on this very day click on
those corresponding numbers buy some
merchandise thumbs up this video
smile laugh do something nice for a
stranger pet a dog kick a grandma wait
nope scratch that reverse the last one
love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow
