hi I'm logging here good morning it is a
another BTA eautiful day here in sunny
southern Los Angeles California it is a
little chilly however it's getting to be
that time of year fall you know
Halloween time where the leaves are
falling you guys cold yeah you're not at
all I have a jacket rock turns cold he
said I need a blankie
I need a blankie and I kind of miss
Idaho at these times a year because I
love the fall colors it's just so
fabulous the oranges and reds and
yellows are talking about like close to
Christmas when it snows really bad state
cancels no that is one thing to look
forward to for sure dude there is
nothing better
maybe nothing in the entire world that's
better than waking up to go to school
and having mom come in and say schools
cancelled it's a snow day it's like you
go from being so tired to like oh I
remember me and Casey one morning it's
like we're getting up we're so tired we
don't want to go to school all said mom
comes in and tells us it's a snow day
and mean Casey both ran outside and our
whitey tidy underwear and jumped in the
snow I'm so excited we're like doing
ain't snow angels in feet of snow and
our whitey tidy underwear because we're
excited and we were like jumping all
over the place and we come running in
the house we're freezing our balls off
literally you guys you're uncle Casey
doesn't have any balls all right go to
school here we go learn to go rule you
guys better be nice to kids and remember
if you see any other kids being bullied
you step in and help out all right
dude it's a little too early to beat
Anna don't you think bro no dad yeah get
me some sunshine some vitamin D so we
had a little bit of jaundice which you
know that is exactly I don't know just
John disses career grandma no show him
the shirt your word look at these shirts
this is real support if they're wearing
their grandson and Sons package on their
shirts it was a cool sunflower well
alright so little bro tard is laying in
the Sun getting some vitamin D to help
with his jaundice looks like he's
enjoying himself
feels warm nice sunshine okay you guys
tell me there's no better sound than
this cartoon time you watch your
cartoons just that sound make like that
intro - that brings back so many
memories
right mom I'm talking about hi Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada okay Rach Reds watching
cartoons and mean Ron or going to the
gym to lift weights
my grandma I'm going to get buff okay be
careful
bye guys you ready dog tell me that
shirt you guys did you did you guys know
that you can get shaped over shirt shirt
over on the back like that shayloss like
13 lucky number 13 2013 you dog
oh I realize that yeah 2013 whoa one of
these days I have a gun show easy with
that gun show give me time somebody's at
the door get the door who's at the door
somebody's at the door let's go see
who's at the door who's at the door for
us on the floor thank you oh my goodness
it was pretty bad I need to say
something else makeovers who are they
from mantels are gorgeous mom look what
I got you I got these for you
all right let's see who congratulations
on the addition of baby bro tard from
Yunnan Courtney and your entire maker
family oh that sweet maker studios dude
look at those very beautiful Snapdragon
nothing I'm gonna snap at me that is a
orchid Oh dad I knew that Snapdragon
orchid Shay I'm in my mouth that's
beautiful Wow beautiful right here
I'm on the table is this the very first
bath the middle course go on
it's a team effort bunch of but first I
want to help and I am Roger I'd wants
out and retards a little concerned
what are you doing to the baby don't
show us junk okay not really getting the
family car wash bro
you I didn't want the exterior wash only
one of the format's clean like I'm not
having fun right now are you not
supposed to
Bassem and total umbilicus Burke fault
you can't submerge it underwater yet you
have to wait talk power this is a family
activity okay
you nervous oh that's alright he just
cries cuz he's cold
we love you little guy watch open your
eyes at least you're gonna smell better
after this I'm gonna start to smell like
Zeke's nose okay see you go from no
pants to address I just wear whatever
they tell me yeah II think so coming
already it's not about what you look
like shades bothering just no I see
that's how I feel on the inside they
like this today so beautiful I need to
shave that chest right now
that's lejos your house test that Harry
I'm aside as your house that cherry got
a cherry hessed
I'm gonna take these guys down to the
Third Street Promenade come around my
grandma iPhone you are in the issue by
own iPhone he needs a change
I think never grandma it's an iPhone
I'll teach Robbie is it I forget bottom
line Iran yeah
I am pretty I don't want to kick that
was like so bad 69 what's going on in
here kiddos Raju
Freaky Friday watching Freaky Friday
while your parents dress in drag
that sounds freaky to me that sounds
like a pretty Freaky Friday but it's
Monday
yeah yes I'm so funny I don't know what
day it is
semantics hey come here let me do you a
favor how many do you life favor instead
of watching Freaky Friday maybe you
could do a little southern mountain rest
boys made unless they were sleeping
though are you blaming it on this guy is
that your fault did you do that what you
can't even walk in a room there cello
cello ha gage you better get that room
clean I'm gonna start giving a knuckle
sandwich do you want a knuckle sandwich
Danny one Cammy field
sweat it out junior why not one is
Secord thrown at that sucker throw down
a sucker punch you mean you want a
knuckle sandwich sucker punch I'll give
you a knuckle sandwich sucker punch go
get this room clean your uncle's gonna
give you a knuckle sandwich sucker punch
right now okay so the girls have been
taking care of the baby for me a little
bit I just fed him her start burped him
and I was just you know getting some
laundry started and um let's go see what
they're to the paper you can pretty sure
I know but what's a safe
Hey hi hi um so where's my baby
Oh oh the joys of having a real-life
doll ha ha it's better with fun babies
are you liking that road hard yeah dude
this is fun hopefully in the future he
won't mind that he's in a pink carrier
you a jest I got to go and walk okay boy
you can't put him in that one cuz it
doesn't have the right straps for him
but the the crib is okay until he grows
a little bit and you're wrapped in a
pink blanket too bro that's cool though
rocket rocket do girls like having a
little brother yeah I need a little
little brother cuz you do have a little
brother already but now you got a little
little little little well play 19
applesauce that's a very exquisite drink
you have full hay right so I finally got
this wing put together so I'm hoping
that this helps him sleep a little bit
better because he hasn't been sleeping
very well through the night and it's
been killing me last night she totally
saved my life and took him for most of
the night and so that I could get some
sleep cuz I've been super exhausted I
finally got this wing put together and I
think he's gonna like if he can make
that noise and he's still asleep that
means it's a good swing and yes he's
still wearing a pink blanket the
register put on him that swings seems
like it's going really fast but that's
what I was setting what are you eating
okay I let her eat and the bad example
I'm sorry it's not a sugar daniel has
been like whatever daddy so cool
please watch out Zeke we're about to see
something SuperDuper amazing I can feel
it okay ready I'm ready
I still need my fake yeah just the right
there okay bro Oh oh wow the greatest
cheerleader movie okay I'm ready I'm
watching watch out watch out Zeke you're
gonna get hurt dude why'd you just stick
my butt your face or goes oh okay let's
see it nice Kate hold on ultimate test
is the baby still sleeping baby still
sleeping we know it's a good strength
just sleeping yes okay okay mom mom's
watching all right we are taking them
the Third Street Promenade here in Santa
Monica
I did I did what I do what I do here was
it guys what I do here remember West
night comedy theater improv grandma I
did improv here once you guys should
come here actually it's called Westside
comedy theater in Santa Monica right
it's like in the alleyway on the other
side of the Third Street Promenade
hilarious in there especially when I'm
there doing comedy cuz I'm hilarious
right right right right
I'm hilarious alright I have to go down
to the Third Street Promenade with these
two weren't inappropriate t-shirts in
Italy I'm gonna be embarrassed
say that again on camera I said cuz I'm
so bad my belly pokes out it makes
Casey's joke look bigger grandma do you
make KC's junk look better - Casey
congratulations because you have a fat
mom now your junk is bigger
I don't know how that works but that's
pretty clear alright this day has been a
long time coming mister Apple I have had
this cracked screen for probably about
three months now I've gotten really good
at reading around the cracks so today is
the day where we get a brand new phone
I'm gonna make my grandma get a new one
too because she has let me see your
phone grandma I'm always trying to send
her pictures of the kids she just
doesn't get them on this when I hold up
my Droid and say mom get your joy down
here there's typers and the Raptors
come on get them printed so me and
grandma are getting an iPhone and then
I'll have the rest of the week to teach
you how to use right here
here we go oh oh it's gonna be so crisp
and clear no cracks dan was getting 5c
she's getting the blue one okay right
there for him this is my grandma's first
time yeah just use your finger she's
never done this before
they're crazy again
as it works are you drunk grandma out of
guys I'm with an accident with an @o
necks oh they said an axe like what dude
brought a hacks in here I want to sign
with my hatchet all right first time
grandma ever find sore still the man
right all right let's see it what do you
think you have it upside down goes this
way mmm
hello we gotta set it up yeah you see
that button that's your home screen demo
so everyone I like turn your phone on
you just hit that button right there
okay get it turned on all right what do
you think you want iPhone you get at my
old one yeah actually print the start
already called it sorry the second I
left she's like dad dad can I please
have your old phone you don't have to
turn it on it can be off I just want it
to be the same weight and the same feel
as the kind that you have like all right
don't do anything so I got that point
yeah she has a battery so check it out
guys I'm so excited
new I you that's so Heidi so
excited to get a new iPhone it's been
months let's I've written through that
crack screen dude I'm so pumped I got to
download my apps now sucking tweets and
instagrams Oh Casey Lavvy are bringing
over the funeral potatoes wrench we must
be Mormon we're having funeral potatoes
and ham look at that and ha look at that
that but I don't know what are those
called again Gemma oh vegetables right
that's alright our good buddies bed and
Lisa are here cabinets the Bajan ski the
bananas more hot blondes in the house
just hot blondes everywhere
oh great Lisa let's fish Isabel key file
I've learned to walk 22 exercise walking
that's fun
she was saying that feels good to like
walk and I walk everywhere I just you
yeah for your New York you walk in town
you watch everyone and then when you
have headphones and funds for music I
ate it as well
I can walk all day like I said I've
licked I was 80 blocks like I walk I can
walk
hey you start running me aside for a
half marathon yeah
my name's like up I mean I used to like
I I was like a job growing up like I
don't work but like I running you have
to build that in to get endurance we'll
just walk a few more blocks and water
for us believe like soccer once I know I
want to do it again for shayloss you got
to do a soccer is so fun it was so much
fun and that's a freakin worked out
great
I almost like throw them because you're
so competitive it was like we were going
hard you know I was going to laugh yeah
and it's in there where your throat is
burning so bad you throw up in your
mouth and swallow yeah
like see how far it is like even until
like it's that quick but it's not that
close focus it's really clear yeah I'm
just we're talking cameras suck new
camera guys huh you guys have enjoyed
the quality right choice it loves or
else quality all right we're having
dinner it's a big dinner
grandmas are here so they're doing it
right for us we got all kinds of green
bean casseroles
you know potatoes ham for the hand then
obviously all your vegetarian bro
there's dead elk and every single one of
these ditches you basically killed again
look at the kids the kids are out here
watching what does the Fox say did you
guys see dance with the Stars last night
my grandma loves Dancing with the Stars
so we had to watch Dancing with the
Stars and they danced - what does the
Fox say
it was good you guys see that any of you
watch dance with the Stars it was really
good
Robert Cooper hey can I ask you a
question
just one question okay and I might
answer it seriously what you promise yes
I want to ask you something what what
does the Fox say
whoa whoa guys like this song residents
can wish I thought of it
wait is it gonna sing I thought in this
music video but this was a perfect
opportunity to they missed for the Fox
like break it down and do like a solo
dance right he doesn't dance enough
right here at the end he shoulda like
busted it down that animated Fox would
just swag went crazy dance rare and he
just runs away he could have busted down
a fat be right there and that would have
been the ultimate ending to the Fox song
what do I know though that video got
like 100 million views
put it on dude you are so handsome
well that that important yeah you're a
newsie papers get your papers here
that's rabat rob tardik present and now
he's a European golfer who sells
newspapers on the weekend
put it on dude put your hat on and see
it here do me a favor put your hat on
okay look at me look at me look at me
say get your papers say get your papers
say get your papers all right well you
look adorable
either way extra extra read all about it
does he like it don't do it okay well
thanks for the present and he's done
just like this vlog is done don't cry
don't cry shhh wipe away those tears
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls we
will be back tomorrow
like always long vlogs the last couple
days huh you last two days we're
nineteen minotaurs today's 18 minutes
plus that's a lot of good fun family
content for your faces if you missed any
of them once you click on yesterday's
vlog click on that feeling lucky
button got a special surprise hiding for
you under that spinning smiley face and
if you want to see what our family was
doing exactly four years ago today the
very day four years ago click on that
number four and the same goes for three
two and one blast off into smiles uh a
shot off thumbs up the video love you
guys see you tomorrow
I got a text message boy oh boy that's
my new text ringtone oh that's my new
phone it's Allie trippy hi Allie trippy
you guys go tell Ali I just got her text
and she said how's the baby that
birthing video was incredible baby tard
was too precious for words she's so
concerned for mommy
you guys go tweet Ali and say che just
got your text and he loves you and the
baby is doing fine there's like
real-life texting are you have to text
her back now you guys are gonna do it
for me okay love you guys you tomorrow
bye
