hi I'm logging here good morning I got
some pretty lucky kids that have two
grandmas making on breakfast how's he
dealing God look at that
he's smiling lips maybe a good kisser
man yeah you ain't go to school all
right
good morning look hey don't let your
camera
cool so I was up last night not near as
much as Mommy tart was because little
bro tart decided to stay awake all night
and cry and he was hungry I feel bad for
mommy dark she is exhausted I remember
when we brought Sun tart home for the
very first time he stayed awake all
night long and Colette was so tired I
remember I thought I'm gonna be a good
dad I'm gonna stay up with him all night
I remember I stayed up with you all
night you were crying the entire night
and then you finally went to bed you
finally fell asleep at 6:00 in the
morning which is when I needed to get up
to go to work
and I was so exhausted I could barely
keep my eyes open
I called into work and said I can't come
in today and it was scary because we
were like poor when me and mom first got
married we first had you we were broke
and I needed to go to work so I had
money and I was so tired I could barely
stay awake I to call in sick and it was
like what are we going to do how are we
going to have this baby and work because
he like stays up all night I was like
we're a zombie insane bro
where'd you get that
is that your camera that's an old
battery show me the other side she drew
a picture she drew it lens on you
vlogging when you can upload that
footage probably after scoop and
Christine what are you gonna call this
video
the princess turn show you call every
video that you have to think of
different titles for each video
oh that's my channel won't your what's
the title of this video that you're
filming right now I'm gonna be how what
are you gonna decide
how are you gonna using it you're not
putting it right now no when I'm not
loading it then the other side yes how
are you to decide I want to know you
gotta know these things as a youtuber as
you're filming you should be thinking
about the title to your video okay it's
baby camera camera camera to camera I
would not click on that video that seems
boring moon camera to camera guy think
something exciting something happening
right now
oh calc sorry 9 bean I'm exciting all
the time you call it my dad is hilarious
and funny don't call it that yeah yeah
it's a pretty good idea it's good idea
strap broke
you need to take it back did you get a
warranty on that camera what did you get
the warranty on that camera
look your strap broke oh I can always
fix it okay headed to school it's a
Monday morning first day of the rest
your life all right and ready already
ready I'm Tong Paul is that uncle case
case are you scared that uncle case okay
scared yeah I'm scared bro all right
we're gonna get a juice oh he loves
uncle clubs
aah case he's loving uncle heydays
unfortunately Colette's spilling like
she has a cold coming on she was like
coughing and stuff so I'm gonna go get
her a freakin vitamin C power packed
punch in the face she's gonna have all
the nutrients all the nutrients
Ron's here whoa whoa changing creatures
awesome future we're going to work out
Carly's here all right dick dude you
digging deep digging deep dig deeper
much deeper you dig dog deep dog fall
this dude right with your butt get it
tight and motivation starts tonight it
get up sit-ups don't you ever give up
better get around you gotta go moving
you get a lot of things that you got
food will you'll feed it to the beat
you're the best you know defeat you
raise the bar don't go below and don't
ask you why I told you so and put a
smile upon your face put a smile upon
your tasty Shaytards first place can't
stop now no time to wait yeah whoo I can
feel the burn baby
you feel that do you feel that let's
keep that energy up that motivation are
you ready I'm ready
three two one let's go I do not enjoy
walking out the door
all right we're doing a tour today of
maker studios all right check it out go
show my grandma the business retard can
you be the tour guide today I'm the tour
guide before good okay explain
everything to us
good make it
your tour guide what do you think
grandma I think it's amazing you like it
area kitchen area thanks buddy
appreciate it thanks man
don't don't run into my mom hey mom
Carly you got ready to get your socks on
Carly gonna get your socks on you wanna
get some socks fun oh okay how cute like
I'm Karl and I would tell it's rock
though gender thick you can wear them
for Sarah dude this is thicker than
these ones right yeah yeah no they are a
lot thicker than my jar you almost honey
nose yeah okay so 19 bucks if you killed
an animal wearing pink shaycarl
Argyle saw next month dude I'll do it
well I'm on my hands like this this is
like a rodeo arcade dude or hat right
here what huh
ed Bassmaster you got to get up just
ability just still it's too small we're
still in your hats ed Bassmaster Daria's
buying lame somebody phone hugs
dude you looked in he's losing away he's
losing weight what inspired by you chef
yeah Shay lost baby that's right I got
some solid slack I got argh
but I should give this one oh yeah you
only give him that whatever you want
grandma it's like you guys are like at
the Willy Wonka candy store so where's
Willy Wonka
hey there's Willy Wonka this is Willy
Wonka candy store
yeah so hook my mama grandma book or
don't charge him later give them
whatever they want alright don't ask
questions just let them think whatever
they want questions because forever they
my mom's like you need to get me a shirt
like I really will
so mom here's your chance just get real
I want to make her sweatshirt okay oh
yeah so that's really good anything for
you mom and she get a maker burrito
do you have maker burritos I will
personally make it alright excellent
what do we want isn't it fun mom all
these boxes and shirts oh look at this
here's the socks if you guys haven't
gotten yourself a pair yet I'm gonna
take those like I'm cute
you get some did you get some for you
though no get those take them out ten
she needs to take them yeah this time
there's a nice
excited isn't it sweet I want to see you
dancing in Osaka just got another hat my
other one is getting so dirty I wore it
all through the summer and we went
camping and stuff and it's like gross
dirty
so I'll just hooked me up with another
one this hair stick around there why do
people do that you guys know what people
get hats and they leave the sticker on
it that's not cool is that a new style
that's not a cool style don't leave the
stickers on your hats anyways if you
guys want to get a shaycarl hat do I
love these hats they're fitted shaycarl
like today I'm not yeah I do yeah do I
get like a best friend discount Oh
so hey I got to talk to my mom mommy
there's KC LaVere shirt your house new
can assure you guys go buy these a bunch
of them left you want to see my brother
half naked on your chest I love that
you're Wikipedia where does a P do oh
yeah my might the picture of you picture
of me isn't wear that shirt here show it
off it may are doing me that's true
well how big are your boobs grandma
shake like this Rudolph this is the
greatest shirt ever made but rodeo our
kid is that insane grandma are you gonna
wear this shirt why would you not that's
you cute kind of that's cute
I wanna wear the scarf around I want you
to go get your hair done with all the
ladies in the small town of Utah with
this shirt on grandma that would be good
we're just ransacking Rodeo arcade you
guys better go buy some merchandise
because we're still in a lot of it
please okay you guys not here at rodeo
arcade not only do the employees send
out your products but they wear the
products drew here my homie drew is
wearing a shaycarl t-shirt and let's see
those socks drew he's got his socks on
he's got it soft is that like how they
pay you and just merchandise are you you
don't get a check because we're not at
all those wear them to do a little the
support I'm feeling the love I'm feeling
the love everybody at rody arcade that's
actually a requirement to work here you
have to wear my clothes if you work here
so drew is making my mom a maker
sweatshirt right now
mom this is like this is like no those
are nice sweaters - yeah I like this
stammers yeah they're nice through 71
all right moms getting a maker studios
sweater yeah not all say I never gave
you nothing kay okay this counts as
birthday Mother's Day and Christmas all
right oh I know guys you need to buddy
socks they're really nice socks Oh - I'm
getting some from my boss at work
because she likes what's so the best the
pink ones pink a pink one the ladies'll
packaging I dude I love that honestly I
think it's great packaging with the S
all right hot off the presses maker
studios oh it has the maker on it I got
one of those Vishal oh one of those
there you go mom what do you say it's
awesome thank you guys Oh a kiss
thanks true thank you you're the best
bro you have the best taste and style to
start Finnick
he vlog and bro vlogging I look over
there princess hurts holding their arm
out vlogging with this old battery it's
like an old camera battery that she drew
a lens on and like the back has like a
menu and stuff he's so proud of her
brothers I like their beautiful Carly
you're a tall drink of water grandma
you're prettier than Carly is oh really
you're way prettier she hasn't buzzed
legs
Oh daddy's lot of boob talk about
grandma you wanna go get the food you
sleeping dude what are you drinking bro
was that okay straight from the bottle
for the little ones that yummy yeah yeah
ah yeah dad bringing a natural is the
only hand that she ordered who Colette
oh I'll ask him I think they'll make a
klutz at home she's with the baby
feeding him she was tired she don't want
to come out to lunch show her the baby
or just relaxing at home want to take
her some stuff to go because we love her
have a drink of this cow Drake I don't
think that I show food very much that
vlogs do I you know what I used to
purposely never show food or meat eating
in the vlogs when I was fat because I
didn't want to like hear the comments
and people like he's always eating so I
would purposely always cut out any food
out of the old vlogs when I was big cuz
I just I know isn't that that sad I
would I would never want any time I was
eating in a vlog I would cut that out so
now I feel like I just never shot though
but this looks delicious rock dark you
better eat your food you're gonna get
spanking my great-grandma oh okay
anyways I'm having them my mango chicken
enchiladas Helen the fajita quesadilla
it's really healthy but heated
quesadilla city is I'm sucker from
sucker sucker country case Aviles yeah
this is really good
yeah me Casey what do you have it salad
hey do you like the new puppy do you
like the new puppy for somebody who said
their whole life they don't want to have
kids princess heart has held this baby
more than anybody other than collect do
you love him see your favorite is I
would like to have him but not like no
like have it like we got to go through
the pain if you want have a baby what to
deal with it you won't you won't be able
to deny that little look at that little
cute face you'll want one of those your
own one day he's away 35 something
cooler yeah for you always gonna see you
soon you know dogs in the face of the
baby the baby turns turn to hold the
baby I want you to go sit down on the
couch though okay hey hey alright thank
you
go give your sister a turn let her hold
them too don't just talk the boys are
playing video games
what are you playing there Legos Lego
Pirates crate somebody's warming up to
the baby brother what do you think about
him dude do you love him you just try to
act tough give him a kiss on the
forehead oh that's a good kiss you are
such a good brother he was I just picked
up row tard
and rocked her egos you holding the baby
dad I go yeah you gonna hold the meals
and I handed it to him he grabbed him
with his arm so I don't have to get him
around but I just hurry up of course the
camera where's the camera now look he's
so cute huh
do you love him it's your little brother
look at his toes look how small they are
they're small huh not crazy how small he
is Wow it's weird to realize how big
rock hard isn't it weird seen how big
rock hard seems now
are you helping you support in the head
as just tellin princess hard you got to
support his head cuz he's got weak neck
muscles still hey so who do you guys
think he looks like in the comments who
do you think he looks like the most
Carly tard mommy mommy Tara thinks he
looks like baby tard and me combination
of David Harden me about card who do you
think he looks like who does the new
baby look like does it look like daddy
or mommy that's okay when I'm talking
about
you can't she's so cute
duck you hey you're cute too listen you
were my first baby you know that now my
first baby and you'll always be my baby
I don't care how old you get how big you
get how much sure you get how tough you
think you are how cool is the ER cuz
you're mister skateboard man you'll
always be my baby okay okay okay okay
okay
love you bro do you know I love you yeah
I do
oh love him huh
let's see nothing you check your own
laptop Carlene edit my video guys do not
subscribe to my sister squat now huh oh
what's going on in here we having a
party we're talking about your treat
candy hmm
triggered treatment candy what are we
gonna get babe what do you mean
wondering yet to like get out to the
trigger triggers I wasn't over a nerve
was I having her you know where it's
gone what if we get the king-size candy
bars for the trigger triggers can we be
that house no okay well you're not
pencils everyone yeah go to that house
pretend you're dead
a long toothbrush toothbrush and dental
floss that we used to give away pencils
Lamy we're the lame how's that give away
pen did you hide in your room you're
like peasant so embarrassed this is
dripping you know sugar free I'm like
nobody wants a pencil no one's a pencil
I remember nine of Burnett and Riverside
would give a bit old 909 it she put it
it was a piece you don't you two eaten
all that candy it was so fun to go to -
so she would make a piece of bread she
put cheese was on it and then she'd make
a pumpkin face with always go and that
tasted so good after eating all that
little salt the phony lessons mothers to
make puffed rice balls and everybody
thought their day was I've made puffed
rice but but they're not like her
sandwich nine inverness there's some
testicle joke there but I'll just leave
it don't say anything rice balls grandma
ball talking balls grandma I was talking
puffed rice well my bowl get puffed and
racy sometimes ah sorry I'll be upstairs
repenting of my sins
Halloween survey what's the very best
thing you ever got triggered treating
and what's the very worst thing you ever
got trick-or-treating I would say the
very best thing I ever got is a package
of Red Vines licorice somebody was given
out whole packages you know like the
kind you get with like the cardboard
bottoms at the movie theater she's just
given out boxes of Red Vine licorice
bless her heart we're seeing probably a
penny I think one lady gave me a penny
they're handing out pennies I'm like a
penny what I mean with a penny came by a
penny candy with a penny these days
there's tax you know I'm excited more
than anything I'm excited for all the
kids to come to our house this year I
think that'll be really fun
check out yesterday's vlog click on that
feelin lucky button 2 of the Shaytards
are doing one two three and four years
ago today and get yourself some shade
Carl merchandise shameless plug for
myself if you want to shake Carl hat
shaycarl socks shaycarl shirt check them
out at rodeo arcade it's been quite the
ride man we moved out here four years
ago to start this little business called
maker studios and it has exploded into a
company that has over 350 employees and
we
our own merchandise arm called rodeo
arcade that sells all of our merchandise
now I guess you want to get a Kasey
shirt or a Carly sure you can - links
below love you guys as always we will
sue tomorrow
