I know baby you're not a baby anymore
your big brother I know baby I know dad
to hide you're a bad guy you guys States
day we get to come home
look look at my precious boy it's okay
just because I don't have a boat doesn't
mean you have to be me Adam yes yeah
we're taking on now or I haven't got up
yet you're gonna try to eat your face in
my ear it's gonna be junior speaking he
is if you can eat your ear speaking
little noises cute morning little boy I
want to keep he's mine but he is yours
you can keep him pretty we get sometimes
a little bug trying to look at the
camera see hello I've kissed him 3,800
times since he came into the world 3801
do you think has anything to do I told
him yesterday is born he's gonna get at
least a hundred thousand kisses from me
at least in the first you know a couple
days at least
oh that's a good cookie thing skin is so
soft
let's go home today all right it is the
first day of the rest of your life
little bro tard I mean literally think
about it it is the very first day of the
rest of his life literally I thought I
was glad at it in just watch the video
hey you ready to take on that world
we're going to go home to those sirens
it's a big world out there a lot of
scary stuff in that world
yeah we will pretend to read things it
slips though Oh
gosh those are yeah he's got his daddy's
lips mmm you guys what's up
thanks for thumbs up in this studio
twitting it and retweeting it again I'm
excited to be in this family to get to
know all of you suckers
alright I'm excited to make you smile
with cuz my cuteness doggies that's
pretty much what he's thinking you used
to a little bro tired you're in the
Shaytards now I'm a genius and I forgot
to bring the car seat so I have to go to
Target and buy a car seat because our
house is like almost an hour drive if
there's traffic right 45 minutes there's
a target right around the corner we
already have a car seat but I'm not
gonna make it to our round trip so I'm
gonna freakin by another car seat I told
class and I want one for my truck so
we're gonna buy two plus I don't want to
drive home so I'm gonna go buy a car
seat so I'm going to target so that we
can take the baby home because we can't
take the baby home unless we have a car
seat I'll be right back
gonna do okay bye love you I'm in a good
mood man I feel like it is a glorious
day ah I got a new baby and it's
exciting I feel excited and just happy
you know gonna get a guy feel happy why
can't I just fell out I can feel happy I
just tweeted a picture of me and bro
tart I keep on a column rock turn I got
to get used to this new name but you
guys you don't know something that's
true truth when here's some truth let me
spit some truth of your faces
the happiest state of human existence is
to love something more than you love
yourself there's a lot of like preaching
about self-love these days which is true
you have to love yourself for who you
are but I feel like the ultimate form of
happiness exists only in the experience
of loving something more than yourself
it's a pure state of unselfishness and
just that feeling that you would do
anything you know whether it be
sacrifice your own life or just whatever
for that that little child that is yours
so there's your creation that's why when
I hear people say that like I don't want
to have kids it's like why not you're
missing out on the happiest feeling you
can ever experience as a human you can't
explain it and only parents can
understand what I'm talking about and
some people like well I don't need that
I'm happy sure if you want to settle for
not being as happy as you can then
that's fine maybe it's not right for
some people and I feel bad saying that
because then there's some people that
want to have kids so bad but can't
they're a blessing though and I'm so
grateful for all five of mine I am the
luckiest man in the world truly blessed
so have some babies go have some sex and
have some babies while you're me if
you're married only if you're married
let out a rustle some comments up okay
let's go get a car seat met this new
store it's called City bullseye it's a
archery store in the city you should
come here and you shoot your bow and
arrow it's pretty cool they have 3d
targets range targets all kinds of stuff
to shoot at let's go see if they have
car seats here hi Los Angeles I actually
came here last night and bought Colette
a present cuz I took out my mom and
grandma and Carly and Cooper and Casey a
Kaylee and Raijin Gailey bridge & gailey
Braley engaged and I came here and I
spent the night with Collette and I
bought her I want to go I bought the
last one they had one of these like
swaddle things and wanted to buy her
something and then we had a bunch of
junk food did not - Shay loss last night
because me and Colette watched a movie
in the hospital room and just ate
and cookies all right I need a car seat
where are they at I haven't done this in
a while
all right guys check out its top rated
oh I want a top rated from 530 pounds
with my boys eight pounds and get this
one did you guys notice I did get a new
camera I finally switch to this Canon
Powershot rippy style
yesterday I was exporting that giant
vlog the the baby the baby's born vlog
and I was getting all freaked out cuz
I'm like how do I export it with this
new camera cuz I called Charles and like
Charles how do you make his work and he
sent me a videos like Kati click on this
click on this so I love Charles any time
that I've ever had a question about
technical things or about YouTube over
the last five years I text Charles and
he answers me immediately
he's like my tech support I put a link
below tech support by Charles Trippy
anyways love you Charles Keyes's
I like his new camera it's just about
getting used to it that's why I never
changed from the flip because I was just
so used to the flip I really like the
image quality of this one what right you
think right you agree okay let's buy
this baby I'm actually glad I got had to
get a new car seat because when the
Colet got was like all color II this
one's gonna match the interior for my
truck you know what I'm saying grey and
black cuz grey and black is tough
tougher dudes little bro thar wants
tough dude car seat up these frilly
colorful ones so that one will be for my
truck and then she'll have the one that
she bought earlier for her van
alright let's go get a little guy
grandma is freaking out
texting me I want to see him I want to
see him so we're gonna take the little
boy home and show his grandma okay it's
time to go home he's wearing his velvet
little onesie two aunts s we bought him
you like it look again velvet whoa
come here look your car seat roll do you
like it I got your car seat he's hungry
mommy's peeing hurry up in there mommy
want some lunch out here I love you I
love your little man I love you I love I
love my little man I love I love you're
vlogging bro what can walk
here hold it you wanna hold the camera
new vlog I love him he's so cute
alright so bro tar doesn't want to leave
yet because he's eating cover up your
feeding device so I've taken this
opportunity you got to introduce them to
Tom Brady and the Patriots all right bro
here's how the foosball works yak tough
eat some hot wings and you hike the ball
ok watch little Sunday football eating
some breast milk and then we're gonna go
home ready ready to go let's go home a
new really cool car seat that dad picked
out just for you no tough home bro can
you tell bro it's like yeah this is tall
yeah your biceps are already getting
bigger dude you see my Lots bro
give it a lift bro freaka day mom good
car seats Rossi this is the system and
see me Dad are gonna run around on the
truck get shooting this ready buddy
none of these up in a while thank you I
remember how to do it quick in this
squishy face and you don't know what
you're doing that may be true alright
here we go first class service mm-hmm
you give me a piggyback ride you push
her then give me a piggyback ride just
like thank yous with me those cookies
away oh we did it work for you bro tard
you ready bro - are you sure you got one
last chance to back out cuz you're about
to get into a crazy life there we go
what do you think babe you did it I you
know though first the last couple weeks
were just like waiting and you can't do
that and you catch it
we hear you did it yeah we have a baby
so proud I don't know why I just showed
your baby I'm used to cutting down I
know right I'm a baby there's no baby in
there it's just some of and it looks
like it some bulbs you know go away mmm
don't worry about it
I love you you're beautiful I'll kiss
that bowl jump here all right so we're
taking this little guy home to see
grandma and his brothers and sisters and
hopefully he doesn't jump on top of you
we got to watch these we have to be very
careful with Ezekiel all right let's
take him home all right we're out here
getting a good dose of vitamin D need
some vitamin D in your life bro
the doctors good a little bit honest as
much vitamin D as possible it's good
he needs Sun Tan we're good on your
noggin not burning burning but so we
have to go get us some a few
accoutrements for mommy tard mind you
she had a baby a day and a half ago
she's out shopping the next day for a
second I can tell you exactly what I'm
gonna get what do you need to get I'm
not gonna tell you that's all right what
is it what do you need stuff what do you
need stuff to stop flowing
stop oh we're talking about mammaries
huh that is one benefit of having babies
those memories get a little bit more how
could you say generous generous memories
are a major benefit of having babies and
who doesn't like generous mammaries I
know I do
Shane crochet loves generous memories
okay we're home from the hospital and
everybody's fighting over the baby
you're watching our first ever Broncos
game together Oh
I know let's go Broncos do you love him
speedy is to love him can I just take
him home you can keep him
oh the wait smell is breath me honey
Romney is pregnant I'm just hoping it's
contagious like like the flu
well I get a baby yepp to stick you with
a flu shot in order to I will take cup
okay okay hey look how cute ears vinicky
look slimmer one dropping I think he's a
really good combination he has like mes
Matt Oh kids you can say it no I'm
saying he has baby hearts mouths and I
don't know his hair is crazy to me how
many ears yes yeah that's the most
charity of our kids yes good color you
just so tiny I can't believe your time
in here
the camera is extremely closer than your
other camera like why are you by my
thank yous bro no you got it it's a
wide-angle lens you got to get close
right and close sweetie laughing at such
a guy when you're in the hospital I
could be trying to shoot here
intimidating okay what in the background
I almost dropped it on his head Oh at
the Broncos game okay watching the
Broncos game with the baby go stand by
the TV go sit by the TV you guys were
going to take an Instagram
Carla yeah okay ready one two oh that
was perfect
there's the baby that's the baby what's
he doing this vampy he tired yeah he
cute do you think he's cute oh that's
nice like you look at that he's so
precious
do you love him you're a good big
brother you know that yeah you're a dang
good big brother I know baby
you know baby anymore your big brother I
know baby I never had to hide you're a
bad guy scary why are you a bad guy I
thought you were spider-man spider-man
is a good guy
it's not a baby he's a bad guy
what's your little brother doing careful
careful Oh God be soft God be soft with
the baby
bad guys gotta be nice to you want to
give me a kiss I'm helping so your pants
don't fall down it's falling down you
got a good mommy want give me kiss
no you only give me kiss all right guys
don't kiss they don't that guys are
tough huh not to bear that's that's your
little brother's friend he hangs there
so he could stare at him why are you a
bad guy that was funny he's turned into
like 20 percent more boy now that he's
been hanging out with gage and Cooper
for the last three days three of them
are like a whirlwind of boy trouble all
right then we're gonna eat mom and
grandma made dinner
that's coaching is it inner time he'll
early time polish a oh I'm excited we're
having rented cheese mmm
and some soups this is my favorite
cheese's Havarti cheese
Havarti car we don't flap my family
there's uncle Casey juice man showed up
what's for dinner mom silk weenie all
right let's see what's been a nerd
dinner there's a lot of pretty blondes
hanging out around here
is Haley or soon ooh
it looks red in this camera all right
let's see grandma I love you glad you
guys are here here all right I didn't
hear you say me hey mom
oh that's not the first time she flipped
off a couple hundred thousand people
yeah why'd you bring your daughter with
you grandma okay see the little spoon
that's low that's why it's pretty hot
yeah my mom just hit me in the balls so
that's the kind of family we are
grandmothers okay
hey oh I got to give a shout-out to
grandmas swans truck driver of delivery
or guy mmm hey Jeff who drives her swans
hi and I'm gonna get you a shirt
tomorrow at Rodeo arcade that's my
sister okay we cheese and chili and all
kinds of stuff I didn't get that blue
shirt memo Shay Marley cut cut stop it
like I just want to get in the middle of
them sisters she just had a baby you
can't be wrestling her uterus around
like that woman little uterus it's okay
it feels tight that hurts we did we have
stairs doing situps she's like I've been
taken out all right the kids are down at
the table who made the place settings
you guys made the place settings here we
got this giant table babe I've got a lot
of Nino's here baby tart that delicious
yummy bread and soup you dip the bread
in the soup it's a genius idea
what'd you come up with that idea gage
is that your idea to dip the bread in
the soup yeah
you are a genius we win the Nobel Peace
Prize for soup congratulations a
demonstration that's how it's done
everybody you see that Sun tart you got
the dip down let's see the dip
when you dip I dip we dip Rock chart you
didn't read in your suit yeah okay yes
sir if you're teasing the shoot she's in
the soup Breton soup my goodness
gracious what are you gonna dip neck
does this get a little insane don't you
think what do you dip in your soup
cheese cheese in the soup okie dokie
baby course you can dip chips chips
in the soup and what are your dip I just
split up cheese and come in there
combination combination or you could put
your cheese and your bread in the soup
or you put the soup in your mouth that's
a good idea - whatever guys want to do
okay all this talk about dipping in soup
made me hungry I'm gonna go get some
myself is a boy it's avoided he's not
gonna change he's a boy
do you like him oh you want what your
mom to have a little boy yeah in the
same formation why do not we not love it
if it's a little girl come get him up
aunt Kaylee's come in to rescue oh you
didn't get did you did fine baby just
cry sometimes baby
right
dragon is care so baby selective baby
like the baby don't eat the baby K good
boy I should go poopy
he likes the baby I know this is the
first time don't get too close okay okay
okay okay that's enough and little bro
tarde has entered the fray the Shaytards
are crazy family sorry if my family is a
little inappropriate sometimes you guys
I mean we're not as inappropriate as the
Kardashians we're way cooler than the
Kardashians a lot of people are always
like che you should have your own show
like the Kardashians I'm like we do have
our own show it's called the Shaytards
it's on YouTube we like to be here on
YouTube a lot of people always think
that we want and you know use this
YouTube success to get a TV show we like
it right here on YouTube where we have
all the control and a hundred percent
you know freedom to do what we want so
we appreciate you guys being here on
YouTube with us because this is the
future baby the future is here and
you're on it right now
love you guys check out yesterday's vlog
one take Sunday where grandma and
grandma great see the baby for the first
time go back two days ago to see little
bro tard born into this world it's so
overwhelmed by the positive comments in
the comment section and then check out
that feelin lucky button you guys huh I
put a put a cool in yesterday and if you
want to see what our family was doing
exactly one year ago today you can click
on that one two three and exactly four
years ago today what were we doing I
can't even remember but I can go watch
the video and remember then right
Michael okay love you guys if you are
new to our videos hit subscribe it's
free you can just hit that subscribe
button and it'll update you every time
we upload a new video okay alright
sounds like a deal let's shake on it
okay we shook it's here spit on your
hand first now that's that blood
brothers that's a little too much okay I
love you guys see you tomorrow
