okay one take Sunday we just got home
from the hospital and my mom and grandma
are here and they were out on the front
yard waiting it for the Dixie the baby
and I said you gonna have to go inside
so I want to film your reaction for one
take Sunday so what'd you guys quit
watching shakers vlogs for two SEC's
that's so like it was surprised you guys
liked it guys so when we come in you're
gonna act really surprised okay we won't
tell these guys k so it'll seem genuine
okay cool all right here we go okay so
I'm going to go mom is like right
outside okay here Prince argue film okay
ready go baby
anybody back away mom be patient this is
the baby you want to see him I want to
say the mother oh my gosh isn't it weird
how a million faces
I mean he's Emmy he's Brock he's a via
and then Gavin all-in-one mm-hmm not you
guys sorry I think it's more like Burman
yeah oh okay what do you think we love
it
maybe we needed a baby in our family hi
did your grandma grandma oh you might be
just a little bit but numb oh oh that's
a stretch look at his little tiny mouth
mom kind of look how tiny his mouth is
I'm so small you forget how small they
are
where's baby tard oh they're yours
I bet your princess far for me oh he
looks a lot like you did when your baby
look at his mouth huh it looks a lot
like you're getting another blanket I'm
gonna hold him in that let me see oh
yeah that's the blanket you made for
tomorrow second grandma
grandma's about to smack you you better
back off
princess Sarge back the F up
great-grandma session as fair that is
it's like when a big dog is like
growling another dog till I get away
from their food like that's my baby
before I get my first Pepsi of the day
this morning mom called me she's like
grandma just called casings that should
give him $10 to go get her a Pepsi
grandma you have a problem the reason we
have this baby is to get you to come to
California because this is an
intervention surprise did some Andy
Granatelli driving I was doing a dirt
were you driving away truck is your
mother or something you said no u-turn
but I had to because I got him I didn't
take the exit and I would ended up in
Pasadena or somewhere so I said sorry
dude you jumped something in my truck I
went over yeah at the curb
mother it's important driving everywhere
it goes really fast mom called me she's
like can I take your truck and I'm like
no
wanna know if I trust you she's a
cowgirl from Utah
look there's the addiction grandma
Oh what are these flowers oh those are
nice I'm hungry okay so here's the
situation it's one take Sunday we just
got home from the hospital we got a lot
of footage at the hospital from bringing
him home and that'll be up tomorrow but
uh she's home that quick Mommy tart is
home you're done you don't need to
that's why I called in the backup that's
why these the grandmas are here to do
everything is that from your scalp she's
um she's my scout Niko how'd you know it
was for her though she told me she was
gonna drop that's precious that's
precious if you guys want to get
Collette something go watch yesterday's
boy uh it already has five hundred and
thirty thousand views on it which is
crazy who got that for the baby from
home that's so cute
captain universe space Depot that's
precious
feel good I know I was like laying down
with him this morning they're also good
wait what kind of Mike hug lean around
they're like flies
seesaw yes I just want to take a nap
right yeah it's like it's so comfortable
that motherly instinct is kicking back
in
I love you know I woke up one day it's
been a few months ago before anybody's
friends and I said we need another baby
we need another baby in our family I
knew it baby you gonna cry mom he's
lucky he's crying
Ann Marie Huggins said some she said
some on Facebook hi I'm Marie she said
while all his grandma grandpa's got to
give him a hug before I came to earth
yeah it's true he was born on Collette's
mom's perhaps awesome I felt that she
was there honestly
welcome to earth little boy okay oh this
kid is amazing though that just have a
baby forms in there it's amazing I have
like been more astounded by this one
than any of other of our kids I'm like
oh it's like you know I don't want to go
into details but we do that thing and
then all of a sudden like this this
forms that's like he's perfect
oh it's a it's a miracle honestly yes
all right what um look at the blue shirt
look at the bow Zeke apparently Zeke
chewed up Carly's blue suede shoes
apparently weren't $200 she given
debuted plus seek isn't I was sitting at
the table reading yeah and all of a
sudden I felt this tongue in my ear
we've been there is Zeke and I was
challenged on because I was talking to
him at the time and he says is that that
Shay acting up again no this time it was
the dog you guys I don't put my tongue
in grandma's ear all the time
times on film frisky this is zekiel what
did Carly say when she saw this she just
went and yes I thought she's gonna cry
she put her head she says then cost me
too much well that's why you don't buy
$200 shoes I guess that's why you don't
leave great Dean's in the house where is
he watch I'm gonna go yellow she's
hiding what she's gonna know he's in
trouble
Zeke did you do that
Zeki oh did you do that
yeah you chew up Carly's shoes you
better go outside you better slink away
zekiel why did you do that to Carly's
shoes why did you do that to her shoes
look at that these are expensive it
never seasoned you over $200 yeah I know
you don't have it what are you gonna say
to Carly look at these Ezekiel look did
you do that
that's a bad dog you better go outside
he is a shoe monster any time we leave
any shoes out when we go he chews him up
Ezekiel okay he got him out of her
suitcase yeah and that bat that was here
you chewed the bat completely up did he
Zeke look he's in trouble
come here you I see the baby come here
come here come here won't see the baby
you need to be careful come on come on
won't see the baby I see the baby look
look at that little baby don't Langer's
perfil here hurtful to the baby don't
you remember when we brought honey was
Amy home
I'll never forget that she was sitting
in the living room on that good thing
I'm wetting the names out so this be a
lot of editing you did go ahead sorry
well this child right here baby tard
when she was a baby and we you brought
him home and she was sitting
well maybe it's and
in the living room and milk I just want
to just start sniffing a slipper
dampener sniffing he was older by that
time so he was a little bit Lexie yes it
didn't even see that there was a baby he
doesn't know I'm just worried he's
running in one day and jump on the bed
while bro tards laying on the bed
because he thinks he's a chihuahua
awesome he just gets all over my lap and
gets in my face I can't even move my
glasses are like sighs wait
last night we slept in your bed just
came up and jumped onto the bedside in
seiza he thinks he's the new baby
you can't escape that one o'clock is a
warning Zeke and we did we made a cake
you stayed up till 1:00 in the morning
you're in trouble you're in trouble you
yell down inside get to sleep honey
we're gonna need a new picture this
one's out David and that one's fat
there's fat shake all right one takes
Sunday I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow the new baby is home the boys
are over at KC's house it was boys spend
the night uncle Casey's girls spend the
night Uncle Shea's so rock tart and Sun
tart or over at Casey's with Cooper
engaged it's bro due date and then all
the girls spent the night here with
grandma and grandma very grateful what a
day what a beautiful day to bring a new
baby home into our lives I'm so grateful
that my mom and my grandma are here and
that we have a healthy happy family and
I appreciate you guys being here for the
whole journey thank you so much for uh
just everything making this a
possibility in our lives
all right I'm gonna have a sandwich
Mullen get in here make me a sandwich
see you guys tomorrow
