hi I'm log in here all right you guys
listen up
life's are gonna change tomorrow I'll
bite you baby
she's one thing that's gonna change are
you sad about that mm-hmm
why don't they going on I wish I knew
check so what do you guys think her
life's are gonna change somewhere we
haven't have a new member of the family
join us yeah Zeke what do you want why
you gonna kick my face all the time just
lay down I love you too Oh
guys ready to get out cuz he doesn't
want him to be yelled at how do you do
that
open yelling Adam yeah ya are disturbed
what do you think very different soon
guys remember baby and that changes
everything
out five kids during a break so we're
going to bed and we're going over the
plan with the kids that Cecily is gonna
come here tonight at 10:00 and spend the
night yeah no we're going to bed right
now princess tarde has elected to come
to the hospital room tomorrow to watch
know me and mom are going to bet you're
going to bed bro we all have to go to
bed tomorrow is a big day
me and mom what time we getting up 3:00
3:30 weekend I'll probably get up at
3:00 so you know I'm gonna put a key
under the mat you can just open the door
and sleep on the couch when we do that
I'll go to bed
so we're gonna get up at 3:30 in the
morning me and mom are gonna go to the
hospital get her hooked up to the bed
start pumping her full of drugs the
pitocin that's essentially what's
exactly what's gonna happen
drugs guys which is so weird we had to
pay extra for that and then assess Lee
is going to take the kids to school
she's gonna take a Sun tart and baby
hard to school and then she's gonna drop
off rock tart with Casey because Casey's
back in town from his month of hunting
progress really quickly then she was
dropping off but you're right I don't
know I bet you're gonna go fast cuz with
the last one it was like six hours of
labor and so I bet you this one will be
faster so then Cecily Kaley and princess
tarde are gonna come to the hotel not
the hotel the hospital we're gonna come
to the hospital and we're gonna have a
new little baby tomorrow we're gonna and
then one could touch his hand touch his
hand Center what do you think listen
this is the last our family is going to
change tomorrow our family is going to
be totally different tomorrow we're
having more babies after this visit all
right says who no way I didn't say we're
having more babies after this we're not
having more babies after this keep your
baby maker away from me anyways sontera
what do you think about this dude this
is the last night that our family's like
this our family will be different
forever after tonight think about that
be cool who's calling my dad tell him
we're talking about family stuff
baby tarde what do you want to say to
our little brother right now before he
comes into the world if you had one
piece of advice you can talk to little
new tard right now don't knock on
weirdos doors that's your one piece of
life advice this little guys coming to
the world for the very first time and
your piece of advice is don't knock on
weirdos doors have you learned by sad
experience
by this yeah whose weirdos door did you
knock on yeah my door
that's her mouth weirdo those kids can
never be serious always have to joke
around about everything I really taught
him that my advice
is the advice the Denzel Washington gave
his son when he was laying on the bed
when he was about to shoot himself in
the head to give his son his heart
remember oh he's net what's that movie
when he his son needed a heart come on
John Q movie John Q with Denzel
Washington he was about to shoot himself
in the head to kill himself to give us
son the heart and then they got a donor
and he's like there's so much good in
the world seek after the good things of
this world there's so much evil and
there's so much bad he told him don't
steal and be honest your word is your
bond seek after the good things
baby update 2030 wish Karl and are we
going into the wrestling ring Sunday
Sunday son hey what's going on everybody
okay so uh there's not gonna be a vlog
today you know why cuz I'm busy and here
with my wife having a baby so this is
gonna be the vlog today will probably do
a few one takers actually I will just
see how things work out so we're here in
the hospital right now
October 25th 2013 and it is 817 uh open
for four hours already we've been here
since 4:00 they started the pitocin at
6:30 and I'm contracting right now hold
on don't talk you guys breathe the
muppets shoot this helps us out
strumming just help
Shh that really no thankfully okay I
should stop yeah I'm the comedian hero
supposed to make her laugh okay
so here's what we're dealing with you
guys got some of these we got a few of
those and then check out that right can
you believe that
I couldn't at first but now I'm getting
used to it and then if we come over here
you know nobody was expecting that right
there and then if we drop down here oh I
know I just my fifth baby you kidding me
look at that everybody knows that this
will come up after this one drops and
then the Alpha Omega triple sec
something okay I'm excited I want her to
just pop that baby out are you tired of
waiting no it's expense expense it is
expensive that's all she can think about
is how expensive this baby's gonna cost
here's where the baby's gonna be look at
that
look there's some balls there's and
we're just waiting waiting for this baby
just keep going all laughing a baby out
laughing out so there's a monitor can we
show the monitor no careful okay
I'll show your vajayjay and then look
you guys she's got her suck some she's
got her suck some she's got her Argyle
baby tart and Princess hard baby I'd
finally she decided she really wanted to
come so she's coming so Cecily has the
kids and she's taking the son turd to
school and rocked hard to go hang out
with KC for the day and then she just
texted and say me and Kaylee Cecily baby
tart and princess tartar all coming to
be in the room during the delivery
yes and I'll have enough girls so they
won't have to see me like screaming as
fast as you progress though I think you
better be ready to call in for that
epidural any minute I mean yes I will
well okay all right so we're here we're
having the baby I announced on Twitter
that we're gonna call him bro tard you
guys cool with that
I think his official thar game is little
brother tard but
just call him bro tart you know you know
it's like he has a long official tarred
name a shortened tarred name and then a
real name that we will give him and then
probably a real nickname that will give
him so this child will have multiple
names he was the baby with many names I
love it
you ready didn't bite this little baby
into the world it's like I'm super
nervous and excited and we're going to
see him in a few hours so it's like I
think I should probably try to get some
sleep in the night then I can't because
it Ally's tweeting us texting us I mean
Ali trippy Ali and Charles we're just
texting and calling everybody and like
here we go here we go here we go here we
go you know um so oh oh dude you're VTB
I 787 shoot we have to bring up the 644
point threes okay sorry loud do you left
off this pitocin oh you only have six
dude dude let's grab it twelve if six is
good 12 is better that is not the right
area okay so I'm in here telling jokes
supporting my wife I love her hey you
guys want to go see a music video called
the sock song if you haven't yet please
go check out our music video let me take
this opportunity and I'll talk about my
new child but to go promote my new music
video the sock song I can feel it feels
tight yeah it's tight does it hurt yet
there's a so pressure all right you guys
from the baby room in Los Angeles
California we are waiting for little bro
tard to enter the world okay you have
the pain you start okay I give it a half
you're at a half point here he comes
the body is squishing him out of there
okay love you guys um
pray for us tweet us we've been reading
your tweets they have were sitting in
the room reading your tweets and
now we'll probably reading your comments
so leave us some comments below
bro tart what do you think number five
we have five kids you look like you're
17 you're not supposed to have five kids
you're a teenager like young teenage
that's where okay well see you guys soon
we're having a baby I'm having a baby
I'm so excited all right I love you guys
um stay follow us on Twitter to stay
updated
we will tweet pictures of the new baby
tard new bro tard trust me somebody
asked me like are you to Vegas wait till
the blog to see pictures of Nicole well
tweet pictures today we got to think
about what his first picture is gonna be
who remembers what's the firt the first
picture I had tweeted a Brock tard
I got a fake beard and put it on him
that was the first picture we should put
one of your socks on his head I think we
could fit one of those socks on his head
no no big head I hear he's eight pounds
okay
so follow us on Twitter we'll be
updating I don't know if there will be
another video on the Shaytards channel
today I would like to do a few one takes
but we never know because it might get
crazy in here there might be just baby
shooting everywhere yeah she needs me
more than you guys yeah and I can't be
at my computer but I did bring it so I'm
gonna upload this right now okay okay
bye
while you're waiting for picture of our
baby on Twitter watch the Sox video just
click on the screen and the annotation
that's available right now go ahead and
click on it or there's a link in the
description below yeah yeah shot
cha-cha-cha where'd that baby mama tarde
he's coming soon stay tuned is it the
baby K bye
