hi I'm login here to Ron come here
Ron come here come look at this come
look look how adorable that is don't you
wish you grew up like that what's going
on here this is a cuddle party just a
cuddle party with mom you having fun
yeah you having a book read with your
little brother Rock chart where's that
new baby coming
when's he knew maybe gonna come out do
you know is it gonna come on tomorrow
probably two days 48 hours you got 48
hours until you're evicted young man get
out of that womb sing that baby just
hanging out in there all day I can't
believe it lazy stupid baby
get out here do some chores need some
child labor going on around here I don't
care if you're only 0 days old get out
of that mode we're gonna make a juice
for shayloss here we go check it out
leagues below that was ensued almost
another suspicious of a chez John's
family for a while but sitting in in a
couple of I booked called cuddle it's
awesome we're not staged these things
are just some real cuteness photograph
hilarious wrong comes downstairs girls I
just seemed like it was a setup like a
mom with a blankie with her son reading
a book called cuddle
that's so cute all right belts are open
are juice all right here we go
you ready let's go roll that camera
we're making shayloss video just hit
export on the vlog and it is only 3 doc
and I just heard Colette pull up you
guys remember that was my goal is to
have the video exported by the time the
kids got home from school well the goal
is to have it uploaded by the time they
got school but if I hit export like
right as I get home it's perfect hey
welcome home from school
right yeah I agree with that
welcome home welcome home did you learn
some arithmetic why are you so loud
every time we turn the camera on huh
that what we do when turn the camera or
just so loud we how was school
what'd you learn I need three things you
learn what'd you learn means to take
away Germany now terminate Germany
German eight to go oh but you really
change that
germinate means to grow mommy tarts
germinating I am she has germinated
quite a bit done stop drooping and
beautiful son tired you skate at school
dude how is the squalor Oh horrible
ladies how's the lady situation going on
turn your own any love notes lately
we love notes lately dude no girlfriends
till you're 16 okay
is that yours let me see oh that's cool
we're gonna put him there mmm a fine
French establishment so who's at the
door
so is that all oh I think Ali's coming
over actually who is it
boys and Santa Claus what is that
son tartan oh you oh dude you're gonna
be excited hear about this action
figures retard come here really awesome
oh not the sword dude it's that cartoon
you're watching max steel so nice
that's awesome huh okay what do you
think dude I like it wow it makes noises
any toy that makes noises is tool do
that's awesome
it lights up yeah I think a sword duel
needs to happen oh yeah
what is that dude it's actually oh oh
I'm gonna show Maxfield
yes max the main character like you know
always like turns and tall as wallbox
well he controls the dead thoughts Oh
with this yeah I goes on his chest and
then the controls oh no that sounds like
chibi it was so awesome
rocked are you excited I'm gonna open it
all right let's see you got your own
little guys rock card you wanna play
with this dude ally you're the best look
to the girls left like look at that look
at that
here you up later what do you tell Ally
that's so cool yeah okay hey I have a
question
in sword-fighting when they're always
like to why do they say that uh
it's like a is good to you sir I
don't know as a kid I was like yeah
from--she you know oh my goodness little
toys ever
thanks for telling I'm not sure if you
knew this or not but there's nineteen
phases and sounds if you read the
instructions you have known that his mom
Hansen all the detail I'm just like I
just want to play with it maybe my
physique is Z Z Omega R and thank you so
much
kiss me make out oh yes you should have
said he's your boyfriend
all right max steel swords that's cool
okay so I just had a really giant
contraction if you follow me on Twitter
then you know so I was hoping that that
was like Oh starting but I haven't had
anything since and it's been about 20
minutes so we'll see maybe tonight could
be the night I really hope it is but if
not Friday morning at 4:00 a.m. we're
going in and we're getting this baby out
and I just don't even care anymore I'm
so tired of being pregnant I've had like
four friends from school and church that
have already had their babies some that
were like right on time and some that
were early and I'm still waiting tired
of waiting
tired of waiting for you like my son I'm
delirious I'm delirious with pregnancy
it's killing my brain cells I tell you
we're gonna fill up this beast with some
gasoline dude I am really sad that I'm
not gonna be able to fit my entire
family in the truck anymore I have five
kids we're gonna do with the truck I'm
not gonna be able to all fit in here and
I've taken a minivan all the time maybe
I ought to get a different truck
I told the kids I'm gonna get a camper
shell just make them ride in the back of
the truck what do I see about that
so it's almost 8 o'clock and we are just
going out to dinner right now because
I've been working for 12 hours today and
a lot of you don't think that what I do
is work per se but I've been you tubing
for 12 hours I suck got up this morning
at 7:00 started downloading the videos
we uploaded four videos today to four
different channels we have loaded
Colette's pumpkin tummy painting video
on the Katie let channel the I got my
socks on socks song on the Carlo
channel vlog and a shayloss channel that
I shot with Ron this morning so it has
been quite the day of youtube uploads
and now we're gonna go get some dinner
because mom is like I'm tired I don't
want to cook us a babe on me let's go to
sizzler what it was is like as we fancy
let's see who's in here
one cool sizzling as we fancy sure who's
fancy in here you fancy Oh rock turns
like uh-huh
turns out I am surprised you know that
you're not fancy what babe it's fine
you're about to have a baby in a few
hours we uploaded four videos today
that's pretty good huh I know all right
it's a lot of content we're creating a
lot of content for that internet think
about this we have when the kids start
having YouTube channels and they're
uploading videos every day we could have
like 11 videos a day that's a lot of
content print the start I bet you I get
more views than you do that's that's
life I guarantee you you would probably
beat me in views if you had a channel
you guys if you had to choose a
subscription between my youtube channel
it's a start to what you choose don't
like don't want it you guys mommy tarts
says she's feeling something weird going
on down there what could it be it might
be baby with a giant head to sit right
Phil moving down yeah I want your water
to break right now do it jump do one
jump jump just pee a little bit go jump
no you got to spread your legs when you
do it do two jumping jacks
two jumping jacks go hey Phillip moving
down get off my legs montre Eric oh is
it gonna counter action it's just baby
head
well that sounds weird okay hopefully
happy baby tonight let's go to sizzler
we're ass is because we faint see hey
guys what do you think guys what mom has
the baby tonight that would be cool baby
tard I remember when she was having you
she was talking about the same things
she was like I feel really heavy down
here I think the movies the baby's
moving down the canal what if we go
tonight to have the baby guess what that
means no school tomorrow huh but that's
pretty good huh you down now now you're
down huh no school please stop stabbing
everybody rock hard thank you okay
that's good yes delicious thank you
morphing into werewolf
Oh least you're entertaining your
sisters
oh it's kiss time that's such a nice its
aggressive baby killer okay let's go
check in on prego tarde what are you
doing
scared you get in bed get in bed right
now tonight
love you guys what are you doing okay
listen you got four minutes all right
set your watches synchronized watches
now four minutes
you got your phones I mean you got your
your phones whatever go to bed love you
guys night your room looks good
white cuz this is what we do every day
do you think I'm up to something I'm
going to see how your mom's fill in
she's ready to have the baby or not what
are you up to
alright good night girls I love you I
think that's interesting that she said
that I think that shows how we don't
film like all day every day like people
think we do she's like why is the camera
you don't even have a camera right at
this time busted busted busted reading
the scriptures sitting in my chair not
doing jumping jacks how you feeling I'm
feeling a lot of pressure down there but
no contractions yeah I don't have a dick
there which is like also a sign because
I was throw up at least once before I go
into labor
Captain America never throws up I know
that's why I have a shirt on
you do you throw up at least once every
baby love you keep us tuned in keep us
words I can't think of him alright well
if she doesn't have it tonight damn it
we will go induce on Friday morning
follow me on Twitter as soon as we head
to the hospital I promise I will update
you guys on Twitter ok so just stay
tuned you never know what's gonna happen
yawns and little baby's coming so
excited to meet him we're waiting for
you little boy hey guys thanks for
watching today's vlog big thanks to
Mattel for hooking us up with some sweet
toys the boys
playing with those turbo swords like
every second since we got them if you
want to get yourself a turbo sword I got
a link in the description below check
them out son jarred loves that show Mac
steel and if you guys seen that you can
watch it on YouTube actually anybody's
seen it haha anything I can you guys
thank you so much for all the positive
feedback about the Sox song music video
I cannot believe how many thumbs up are
on that thing if you want to see it and
you haven't seen it or you want to watch
it again for the hundredth time click on
that feelin lucky button check out
yesterday's vlog and see what the shade
hearts are doing one two three and four
years ago today stay tuned follow me on
twitter baby coming very soon we'll see
you guys tomorrow and we'll see you
tomorrow new tarde we still have a
thought of at our day will come I don't
know we're gonna then we're gonna talk
about it leave a comment leaving your
top three favorites and I'm gonna pick
three we're gonna vote on Facebook we're
gonna figure out this freakin kids name
okay I love you goodbye
