hi I'm login here okay you guys we're
going out the baby
you ready that wasn't me no that was
mean that was rude
I shouldn't have done that I'm sorry you
guys that was not cool at all
okay so we actually do have a scheduled
induction date Friday morning at 4 a.m.
or 4 in the Mon and folding to Mon and
what are you I'm gonna come see what you
break in the house oh you guys crushed
it did mom say that we have to put it
away don't hit your little brother with
that hammer dude what is he doing rock
card oh we have a future murderer here
that's great ok so me and mom are gonna
go to the hospital Thursday night
technically Friday morning to have the
baby house wrecker aren't you dude they
made a little house out of this and mom
said we had to get rid of it today so
now they're destroying it it's
demolition time why do you guys have so
much aggression you're freaking me out
okay whoa sunt are not that back swing
you almost hooked your brother in the
head all right come on tell you what
it's cool
quit destroying the house time to go to
school why are you so angry all right
come on okay I'm getting the truck going
to school it's time to go to school it's
time to go to school there to go rule
the youngest kids going crazy
have the mature kids up here in the
front seat guys are so mature growing up
okay you guys listen up let's have a
serious talk for a minute
the baby is going to be here and
probably like 48 hours have a new member
to the family
rocked row we're talking about the new
baby okay not gonna be the new baby
anymore rock hard you guys are going to
need to be helpful all right your mom
and I are gonna need a lot of help
we're not listening to wrecking ball by
Miley Cyrus pink are you gonna help with
the new baby
no are you excited for your baby brother
he's not listening getting to spank our
3 year old rock garden doors bacon turn
above the music what song do I hear you
want mermaid look at this stuff isn't it
neat wouldn't you think might be like
that song you want Taylor Swift bang all
your sisters
Oh trouble trouble
hey kids you guys are gonna help on the
new baby I'm running dog
y'all know what
run and get the bottle duty alright okay
we're gonna turn the music on guys sorry
the three year olds a rock star so we're
just playing tag Lauren look at this I
don't know how he did that go so if he
can't do it then I guess I'll destroy so
what he did was oh look you see him he
pulled them all the way to there all the
way over there falling pull whoa onward
thing it is one of those moments I wish
I had on camera
maybe we're playing time your eyes on my
chair and pull me for my desk all the
way down the hall pull pull oh go go ah
I think it bolts hard because we were
doing your homework you wanted me to
stop maybe if I yeah we career do our
homework again and then we'll just sit
go on oh there he goes
so whenever I'm hanging out with son
tard Zeke gets super jealous so we're
sitting here doing a homework and Zeke
brings this like not up to me and he
starts putting in my mouth
and he starts pulling on it and he pulls
me all the way into the hall away from
son Tarn let's see if L do it again okay
so let's see if you multiply four times
one tomatoes costs down on the a 2-pound
slain how Dan can estimate the cost of
four pounds of tomatoes without using
paper or pencil then give the estimated
cost
Zeke's like let's figure out how much
total cost so I did 18 times two
so there's 206 you're not doing it for
the camera come on nobody's gonna
believe us the heel point could be a
Wooster I think we just like totally so
when I'm looking at Zeke right now
totally just ignore him
I think he got scared cuz the chair
tipped over yeah when he pulled me down
the hall he got going so fast like he
took him a little bit to get some
momentum and as we were getting down the
hall he picked up some speed and the
whole chair tipped over and it freaked
him out it was hilarious you had to have
been there
hey guys still no baby yet I am
currently walking them all hopefully
something will happen you know I had
some stuff to exchange and I thought you
know what why don't I just be walking
around for a while see if I can get to
some attractions going if you happen and
I've been here for 20 minutes or so
still nothing
here's to hoping and I wanted to try to
tell you
I know that some of you have been
concerned about me being induced and I
was induced with three of the babies
yeah they all turned out fine yeah just
fine and one of them was came naturally
which was baby tart it always goes
smooth for me so I know that there can
be some complications with inducing and
stuff like that
it always goes smooth and this time the
doctor is measuring him at 8 pounds and
she's worried that he's going to be
really big for me so that's why we're
inducing just a couple days out for my
new date so don't worry I am confident
that everything will go smoothly it's
something that happens every day so no
worries okay guys we got this okay okay
so I've been having a lot of
contractions on they're not regular so I
don't think I'm in labor but there's a
lot of them happening right now so
hopefully that means I'm super anxious
do you guys want to see something so
adorable or something so memorable
information smells are little hearts you
want to see it well too bad get out of
here okay we'll show you okay it's not
nice okay if you can see the indentions
small little hands in the carpet put
your hand up there next to it so they
can get a gist of the three-year-old
size nests of those we have to little
rock tart hands I like don't even want
to step on that rug anymore it's so
precious look at us we like know our
kids hands they're at the carpet so
precious okay so being a mom we try to
have an idea we're going to go argyle
socks on Zeke this is gonna be fun
he's laying on the couch with like his
bottom lights are off the couch and
stick to Bigfoot okay and you guys the
song is live you can go download it on
iTunes the kids already download
yeah well it's pretty cool that I sing
Lana song that my kids love but there's
a lot of talented people that go soft on
kids go put them on Zeke I'm still
contracting the bag oh really
yeah he go have it today going she's
having contractions it feels nice
let's see you can see oh yeah sure
enough it is weird
it's shirt outside turn to the side pull
the shirt up hold on and look at this
you guys turn here can you see this
these veins it's like a leaf doesn't it
kind of look like this yeah he does that
it's like the men in Blazers
your mom is a tree
is submit to the advertising so in my
marketing genius of these are val socks
always close make it hard here we got
his one on buzz
I've been putting socks on kids for so
many so you could do it at first time oh
okay oh ha ha ha things are so girls
come look at this girls they're too busy
listening this is stuff no change here
kitty
Daisy Daisy I got my song home I got a
song song ha ha ha ha ha ha ha song song
I got a hot song sweet lug music you
gotta be you gotta wear your socks if
you're gonna be part of the family
walking like that like an otter like an
ostrich you mean well like a sea lion or
something like a flamingo everywhere
oh no
friends whores oh good oh yeah he's got
his also he's got some so he's got his
are down so that's not the only thing
he's got on here good for zekiel
oh boy hmm like going a pizza now can I
have pizza now smiler
I know it's buddy's fine with water
bottles what this is far you just farted
this far you crazy man and that's
today's video wait you guys want to see
some shame bloopers oh my goodness I get
it but this is gotta be a blooper I
really tried to do the character H yeah
just fine
Shane is going to get a major deduction
in his paycheck this week that is
unprofessional laughing on the job is
unacceptable he needs to focus on
job hi bitch you guys have a smile on
your face right isn't it so contagious
watching other people laugh I don't know
why that clip of Sun tard and
slow-motion cracked me up so much going
from Coletti like they're fine and then
him like brah I like just thinking about
that cracked me up when I was trying to
do that Shay when Shane was trying to
that glimmers what okay guys listen
please check out the I got my socks on
music video it is live right now and I
am shocked that it already has over
22,000 thumbs up how about a million
let's get to Amelia that's ridiculous
but just check it out you guys it's a
fun song even if you don't buy the song
even if you don't buy the socks
I don't care ever he's like this is a
big commercial yeah we're trying to sell
songs and socks but we're also trying to
entertain you and put a smile on your
face and give you a reason to get up and
just dance called darn it and there was
a lot of talented people that went into
the making of this music and this music
video so please check it out it's uh you
know we work really hard on these things
and there's nothing better than we get
those comments about like oh at two
minutes and blah blah I liked this part
or oh the Johnson file right wink wink
you guys the Johnson file
anyways I we love what we do and it's
awesome and we have appreciated every
minute and every one of you that has
been along for this ride we hope to
continue to create good wholesome fun
and entertaining content for you we love
you and we'll see you tomorrow
well hopefully we'll have a baby
