you ate a dad soon you ready to dance
all right
I am very excited I decided what you
want to hear rock card you want to hear
it you have your perfect dance okay you
guys look it is live on iTunes the socks
song is live right now you go download
on iTunes the kids wanted to sing it
when I went to bed it's late
this is a one taker I decided to let the
kids stamp and tell the song got live on
iTunes we just got finished watching all
dogs go to heaven and I may have eaten a
little bit of pizza don't worry about
that okay now we're gonna see your hands
ready go down a load of below legs here
and watch these kids they love singing
okay you guys ready rock hard
he loves it with us he'd out there since
the start here we go what's it Bobby's
about to have the baby make a grand
entrance
she's waiting for the verse to come
I got my song my song so I got my song
song
I got my little baby baby baby song song
I got my socks on
maybe it's part no not cuts all right
well in his lives the music video comes
out tomorrow I'm not with this right now
is the one take it is quite the crazy
story
a year ago we're doing a one-take Sunday
I randomly had some argyle socks song
because we had just gotten home from
church and mommy tired you guys wanna
come watch the original video
I'll show it to you guys right now mommy
turns randomly like nice Akshay and just
out of my head I started singing this I
got my socks on song and then you guys
were like you should really make some
shaycarl socks and then we're like let's
make the real song let's make a music
video so this has been quite the
collaboration between Colette and the
family and all of you guys and then hi
I'm Ron and all the people who helped to
make the song and all the people our
roadie arcade who make tell it helps
make the socks cool collaboration man
the song is live right now in iTunes
I'll put the link right here go download
it you guys it's good man I'm really
happy about how it came out and it was
hardly anything to do with me it was all
the talented people that helped make the
song so go download it the song the
music video will be up tomorrow I hope
you like it
we had a fun time shooting and what
alright things down below you're such a
user links down below baby tard knows
all right we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
Shaytards video
