I think we're gonna do the video diary
are you ready
 like your name shake
a fish a toy
okay it's time for daddy to shave and
watch daddy shave once you daddy Holly
shaves gonna cut the hair on my face
it's that weird you want to cut the hair
on your face you don't want to
are you will one day trust me you have a
wife and she'll be like shave your face
it's pokey you're like okay but I wanted
to look like a man that you like you
aren't a man you know stuff like that
I'm saying yeah hey watch see her like
this all right then you know I'm pulling
your nose okay we're just gonna do the
top okay
I'm going to shave it to a beard form
you down with that you wanted it up
she's like daddy's beard okay come here
watch here we go ready take this watch
he calls it my schaberg he was like dad
you're shaping see look at the hair down
there see that her that's daddy's hair
what do you think oh good I look
handsome hey Dad you look handsome
using other handsome thanks buddy
sure shave the bottom should shave it
all off or make a beard no the beard
yeah huh you like it I've kissed of all
over my face daddy
okey-dokey here we are valid
stops not so funny Shay funny to talk in
a weird voice I'll try to be cute and
it's just not funny and cute
spider-man back here hey spider-man how
are you doing good
excellent hey where are we at today
right now what's going on maker studios
and we are filming with one and only
Richard Simmons today I just pulled up
and I saw that sign and I told class I
said we have a crazy life this is a
crazy life we live
nothing Richard Simmons probably one of
the most iconic fitness and exercise
gurus whatever you want to call him in
history I remember growing up and my
grandma had all of his VHS workout tapes
I remember going through him like this
guy looks exciting I remember like she
had every single one of them and today
we are on set filming with Richard
Simmons he's still exciting hears he is
rock tards boner clip got bumped on
Jimmy Kimmel because of Richard Simmons
remember that yeah we got to bring that
a win rock card
remember that bow and arrow clip was on
Jimmy Kimmel it was supposed to be on a
few nights earlier but Richard Simmons
was on Jimmy Kimmel and he was like
dancing on the desk and I think he like
stripped in front of Jimmy Kimmel or
something like that and so it went long
and so they couldn't show Rock Tarts
that sounds weird Rock cards boner clip
wasn't on TV because Richard Simmons was
stripping hodson it's not as bad as this
anyway so we are shooting today with
Richard Simmons rock card I want you to
yell at Richard okay
say hey Richard my clip was supposed to
be on Jimmy Kimmel let me say that oh
you can't say that we'll send you the
scripts okay
that's mommy you want mommy to say that
yeah okay I love you you're so cute
okay one go see Richard Simmons yeah all
right let's do it
it's pretty awesome over the years guys
they're like going to have a grudge
match where they come back boss
who were not filming is hey I believe
believe hallelujah hallelujah
I believe that law thank you
I believe that Jesus shake you who is
not like how oh shut up
just put it up if he did he would have
made them pink no oh yeah it got to be
quiet
look those are the quiet lights that
mean you have to be quiet okay
so I had to sneak out because black
chart is with us today so I have a
babysitter it's crazy it's gonna be
really fun to show you guys I'm really
fun what are you doing rap tired you're
gonna be wet
you're gonna be the candies on record
Ralph Houk Andy's dragon plaintiff you
want to watch a princess movie yeah okay
you're so cute
I let me spider-man okay we're not going
to get at it
no just right on I am six and five years
old you're near 30s thirty find me my
lighting strip you know look I'm getting
whiter this light as you're alive
besides my I live for California to the
New York island Richard Simmons on she
lost are we talking about how to lose
weight and keep it off I'm really poor
from the jars and simpletons ebook play
tennis with your way that's true back
and forth eyeballs wait oh no balls we
want to get you to stop playing the ego
thing No
get out of my lineup which is to be back
cut away from your body
we're not muscle do I do a lot of
calisthenics we ever look what's my my
exercise has always been the same it
stores that with the rhythmic warm-up to
help me your heart and then it goes into
static stretches then it goes into
cardio then it goes into toning then
those push-ups and sit-ups and it always
ends with motivation if you're going to
a class and your teacher does not end
with something positive to setting it's
the wrong class every teacher out there
must let their students know how great
they did and how much you enjoyed
teaching them that's true I on the other
hand what gifts I'm going to give me
give Richard gave me a gift you guys
gave me a awesome keychain this is a
kaleidoscope probably the smallest
kaleidoscope you've ever seen and it
really worked and there's probably like
ten different colors in there
this may be one of the coolest
kaleidoscope that ever you know ever you
know what
I've always a lot of pullin oh no it's
mine I thought my keys you get about I I
don't know if anyone who is watching me
to get serious for second isn't orphan
there are millions and millions of
orphans out there and I just came back
from Brazil and I went to an orphanage
where they had a contaminated water and
I dug them a well what I think that is a
part to a much larger animal let's see
her snake snake oh so giant snake in
here or you been oh boy rather than stay
in the backyard we'll just come into
play in the laundry room there's your
Gopal there you go boy okay there's baby
got it
she's trying to figure out how to work
these little these do those just things
that you have to there you go
giggles that's funny to watch her
funky out there I don't think I will do
it there you go
I couldn't do that that's for sure
straining oh how was gym today
what's this estimate for a seat how
about you good crazy what was your
favorite part about gymnastics
throw the rope climbing a rope what he
did to that guy well I act on a balance
beam cool my teacher I thought I was
really really good and I round-offs so
we do like points in teams like we have
teams that affected the best in air
conditioning then they get a point and
she thought I was so good that she gave
a point for our team nice good job way
to keep on trucking along guys he was
called we get like 5 seconds to think of
a team name mm-hmm horses Jack Jack
O'Lanterns
deck Oh leave her joining what we burn
much but there was another one that has
15 points as we head back 10 points we
only do 15 because most of that other
times we did it she didn't even it's
just
bragged about it ice and other people
okay their times got itself Oh what good
job girls I'm proud of you all right you
like that gum really good that's
annoying Zahra that special time where
it's time to get dzq some more food and
we always have to stop and look at all
the vents homework your girls if you
could have any pet in the world besides
Ezekiel what would it be
if you could have any pet in the world
what would it be
tiny mouse to died that's what you want
yeah it's mice hold up of all the pets
in the world I don't see them
you're not clicker in there they're in
there sleeping
you just can't swing of all the pests in
the world you want mice no but when
there's one it's a mouse when there's
two or more it's mice so that's what you
would want you want a mouse baby turn
we're not getting mice I can tell you
that much we are never getting mice in
our sorry Oh nobody cares about pets and
dog food and mice they want to see the
baby Colette where's the baby yay the
baby is not here yet so you're gonna
have to deal with mice and pets and dogs
sick of waiting for the baby where's the
baby baby baby that get out you're gonna
be grouted baby baby grounded he stirs
you do not want to mess with him okay
you guys so we do actually have a
scheduled uh what does it call induction
date scary induction Oh in the day of
the induction inducing was inducted
we're going in Thursday night
technically Friday morning at 4:00 a.m.
they're gonna give her the pitocin hose
it Thursday night because he'll probably
stay awake first okay Clegg hose at
Friday morning morning it's 4:00 a.m.
but like you stayed up morning late
Thursday night it would be like 4:00
a.m. it's like I stayed up till 4:00
a.m. not like not gonna do that like
9:00 I'm gonna wake up look good right
that's good maybe I'll just stay up all
night
understand Oh having fun to be a party
yeah yeah party so we're going in Friday
morning at 4 a.m. ting day will give her
the pitocin which is the chemical drug
that like makes the baby come out it's
like the eviction notice for the little
brat that's won't come out of the womb
and you guys tomorrow
oh what the biggest music vid the
biggest video I think that I've been
excited about in years finally it's been
over a year in the making the I got my
socks on music video will debut tomorrow
afternoon on the shaycarl channel holla
so excited for and my belly will also
debut tomorrow it'll debut and the song
you guys it's good is really a catchy
song that you could like you can listen
to in your car and dance and jam out to
it it will be available tonight on
iTunes at 9 p.m. Pacific Standard Time
midnight Eastern Time
so go download it on iTunes it's already
a frequent request of rock hard rock
Carter wants to hear it all the time
that he sings I got my socks on it'll be
up tonight I'm sure I'll tweet about it
a hundred times so download it you guys
it's a really good song I really think
you'll like it I think you can jab and
jiggy and dance to it you like it maybe
if we dance hard enough the baby will
come tonight well go do give me a
hundred jumping jacks right now go right
now get that baby out spread those legs
and jump up and down one nope you're not
jumping I just like to see your boobs
out okay see that's more appropriate
