hi I'm logging here let me tell you
about real family unity and love and
teamwork and compassionate support
that's what we're dealing with right
here ladies and gentlemen that's what
we're dealing with right now right here
at this time at this place at 6:35 a.m.
on a Saturday morning to go to our
brothers swimming message entire look up
or akhtar it's like what are we doing
why why are you doing this to me I'm a
good little boy and do nothing and this
chick is due to have a baby in three
days and she's up at 6:30 6:00 a.m.
we're going to a swim meet who invented
7:00 a.m. swim meets for nine-year-old
little boys they should be drowned at
will descend on my Twitter and what pick
up pushes I'm not your boss dude it's me
with 7 a.m. and you're yelling at me I
have nothing just sitting right there
that's where they go from now on my call
who said you're in charge of my shoes
you I know and I just reassigned their
space in this home - right there - uh-oh
ok
hey we've open those my room for me bro
look at these dude that looks delicious
me a handful of those
yeah you playing the bongos in a better
mood now I love you what's going on here
because they're homeless people I'm
going to ask you a question why would
you do this to us that raining those are
our sprinklers we have a sprinkler
system no you're cute you're a good mood
now that much okay get in let's go let's
go to Sun tar swim meet okay Batman
I'm calling the bat-signal to get the
van would you throw it yeah you threw it
dad I'm not going to get it you doing
this wrinkle you go get it run fast well
why'd you throw it in the sprinkler then
Batman uh-huh you weren't using your bat
brain where you greet turned off turned
off get it good job good could get the
van hurry get the van
watch this it's washed huh cleaned it
whoops we washed it seriously bro why
would you do this to us
I don't know mom recommended it do you
have your speedo on yeah get your swim
shorts on where's your towel you have a
towel you sure rock tart
what are you doing whatever reason the
given oh yes come on Rock carga in your
seat yeah yeah look the moon still up
see you you see the moon yeah
is it pretty yeah say it's almost as
pretty as your mom um that's the shiny
moon either I love you oh there it is
you got the sunrise
i'ma watch the sunrise in the wild
thanks for the opportunity to see the
Sun Rise Sun tarde Oh get it Sun Rise
Sun guitar OH
the moves are gone the Sun came up Sun's
up now buddy
this is interesting I've never been to a
swim meet before like growing up me and
my brothers and sister we did every
sport there was so I've been to
early-morning soccer games football
games track meets you name it I've done
every sport or been to that event never
have I been to a swim meet so this is
kind of exciting and they're swimming
outside and it's a little bit chilly
it's barely 7:00 a.m. and it's kind of
cold everybody's wearing sweaters and
they have an outdoor pool they have to
get into come on little dude be excited
let's go yell for your brother okay I
guess that's what you get when you live
in California swim meets the Sun is just
rising over there and here people are in
the pool getting warmed up little rock
guards in a good mood at least in other
news I'm wearing my wife's sunglasses I
don't care there it is finally the Sun
has arisen and it's time to get to
swimming all right in are you ready
you're five good luck did they get them
going to do the relay right now okay so
the very first event sent artists in is
a relay
well there's a team right who jumps in
then swims and his buddies jump in and
then I think they do the hokey-pokey
spend themselves around then they want
blue ribbons so let's see how it goes I
just keep thinking to myself with all
these kids it's inevitable somebody has
had to repeat in this pool and the
question is how many how many kids eat
in that pool I don't know ladies and
gentlemen but I'm sure there's at least
a gallon of you're in there I mean maybe
not but I mean come on think about it's
early in the morning
Sirena woody when you're nervous because
you're about to race what do you have to
do you have to pee
you're in the pool you better start a
race gonna write a blog and bro sup bro
I have those shoes I like them they're
sweet
that's what I need to bring next time
one of those hats smart very smart I
want one of those
the Sun is rudl out here we first got
here it was like cold and low but now
it's like hot as heck or Sun tarts worst
thing I can think to tell them is like
make your arms go fast and keep your
legs really hard
he is the first leg in their relay
they're coming up right now I'm nervous
kick your legs fast like a dolphin come
on flipper ok here we go is dive into
the pool first very first swim meet ever
oh there he goes oh yeah there we go
swim web get your legs are down
don't be a fool oh nice job dude kick
those legs kick up ok so they just
finished they're real
now scent art is doing the wit stroke
otherwise you just learned how to do it
so this is his wiki his this bridge
butterfly stroke reads what is Rickey
race for the butterfly
Mickey butterfly normally Asuna there he
goes you don't want to get wet we got
any like the slim do
hey bro your butt looks good enough
shorts is our job too embarrassing that
are drunk Aramis he was really nervous
I don't think he cares so he knows what
crazy things I catch my parents her
parent can tell he's really nervous he
literally learned how to do this stroke
two days ago he doesn't really know how
to do it I don't just have fun and get
wet
yeah go Sun dog there he goes is that
Michael Phelps shot
you used to seen at the Olympics come on
deco Road Road out of the water you got
it so we need to work on some swimming a
little bit I feel bad because he was
really nervous but he'll get better look
at better his next stroke is the best
he's the best of the backstroke so he's
up next and princess arts climbing a
pole of some sort anybody go to this
school I'm not sure where we are or
somewhere but making excuses and get to
the top of that pole she did just tear a
callus there's a spider ooh don't show
climb it all right dude last one you got
this guy is your best rope get him tiger
gimme kiss gimme kiss where's my kiss
my ear Go Go going to keep going don't
give up almost there
oh look he's gonna beat that kid go go
you beat him there was three people on
that heat and sundry got second place he
gets a ribbon that second give my boy a
ribbon he deserves that ribbon
yeah work hard every let's see red nice
dude hey kid your first swimming ribbon
I'm so proud exactly way all right Nick
stop gold medal okay nice job dude proud
of yes Jeff on goal and got a ribbon now
for my new favorite song
I weighed over miss Austin Tennis Center
here in the small tree music side to
please
gran said
and a dream came I reach to fancy
dresses and jewels
here this car home poetry
and please wear
which is he
for a coffee
you know something that vloggers think
about I don't know if all bloggers about
this but I was laying in bed last night
thinking myself why haven't I used more
thumbnails of collects giant protruding
verb not I'm not trying to like say
she's fat or anything but you know it's
like it's huge
it's so abnormal but that's such a great
thumbnail and I was down there in bed
thinking why haven't I used her belly as
a gret so after this one comes out we're
going to have another one just so I can
get you know at least like three months
of thumbnail options let's get one right
now
princess are leaned down next to her
stomach and look at it like it's going
to explode
yep there we go perfect okay
thanks bro thanks guys thanks little guy
you guys just with us today somehow are
sweet now we're gonna get some
breadsticks at Olive Garden because we
deserve it
I had breadsticks I had breadsticks they
were desicions if I had breadsticks
let's see your dance dude I'll see your
breadstick dance
they brought a salad oh you can eat
salad breadsticks yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm out of here
games because I'm a prison man okay you
guys brand-new socks at rodeo okay they
are aren't they you notice that yeah
there are a lot thicker than the other
ones if you guys bought the other ones
these are probably twice as thick as the
other ones do you like them I got my
socks oh my god myself so let me see
come here show the bottoms of them but
they say shaycarl on the bottom and
they're pink be like them I like them
yeah these ones are a lot thicker I
don't know if you can tell just by
looking at these but it's like they're
almost like winter socks what if you
order them venue hotel and this one was
run by me let me send it to you
nobles you hear we're not gonna send
dirty socks of people weirdo you've been
doing giveaways on YouTube too long yeah
you'll just have to buy a pair guess if
you're what fit woman see them there's
these new blue ones and then we
these marooned ones like these marine
ones I like which ones you like better
than maroon ones are the blue ones or
the pink ones first ticket search really
you like the blue ones better than the
pink ones
baby tars come here wait first it's
shocking to me that you say the pink
ones first come here you want a pair of
socks yeah
which color do you like look oh the
one's precious cards where do you want
those the red ones are the blue ones
which ones do you like the best
some pink okay give those to baby card
then you can have these blue ones
they're soft
put them on baby tart and then you guys
Wednesday I think today's Monday I'm
pretty sure that I got my socks on music
video will be live on Wednesday cannot
wait for you guys to see it why they're
the same they're made out of the same
stuff they're just different
oh cool is the princess card colors
matter they do I like those ones listen
you have small legs you're a small
person you're tiny
alright I'm gonna wear these to church
tomorrow
what's their name
what's their names baby now one another
one band-aid look what they found to do
with this giant furniture boss dad she
we're going to we gotta get you ready
fix your hair what's your right what
happened baby on stuck on the process
people get 20 words of yours we got to
stop processes right here highest rated
sorry what can I do to help
does it help if I do a belly dance take
your show mm-hmm no come here
let's have that baby well I'm working on
it try and Pierce I just talked to mom
she goes baby look like it is standing
up straight ha ha look over there and
turn sideways like standing up straight
this way yeah like it's standing
straight out well Rob tard come here
stick your head buy that baby fit
it's the stripe they help poke your boot
like poke it in where your boobs are
poking light so it's accentuates more
turn sideways that thing is large I know
he's supposedly my biggest baby so far
well it looks like it we will feel only
a good fit rock-hard inside there oh
dude you go skating yeah oh dude what
happen to your shirt Oh
Oh bro are you okay I'm fine man dude
would you do like a double nasty flip
yeah double zombie trick' fied holy SH
Macaulay's bro there's no looking good
looks like it's time to go trunk or
treating yeah it is okay
let's go Zeke is basically my costume
tonight he's gonna be like I'm like the
Headless Horseman oh I'm gonna do like
this he's my horse and I'll be a
headless horseman or I can just say I'm
the co-founder of a internet startup
company called maker studios because you
have your app that's I'm a maker studio
so that's what I have for having Wayne
what's up I got a better okay I'm a
witch again boring it was a broom last
room that last year that was last year
oh that's wise we're gonna have a baby
all right we've been here five minutes
and baby cards already double-fisting
the cupcakes hey can you just pick one
they're winter frost face
what do you eatin you guys look
beautiful without your dress slave all
right let me buy you one of those Oh
weigh in on Monday dang it look who just
showed up
Wolverine let's see those claws for my
and Tinker Bell's here Ilana showed up
in her Tinker Bell suit I love them
different scans little they are Oh
tickle my new guys but you should get
American mode now squigglies - oh
they're going at it cool didn't
spider-man so what are you gonna be for
Halloween
I need Halloween costume suggestions
I've been pretty lame I've been one of
those lame adults the last couple years
I'm like I'm not gonna get dressed up I
want to get dressed up we have a new
house and apparently we've talked to our
neighbors and a lot of people come
through this neighborhood on Halloween
so I want to dress up in something cool
maybe I could like take the new baby and
attach it to my hip like it's like
coming out of my stomach like a zombie
baby oh that might be a good idea I can
use the new baby as a prop yeah
leave me suggestions what do you think I
should be for Halloween click on
yesterday's vlog click on that feeling
lucky button big day on Wednesday you
guys we're gonna upload the I got my
socks on music video if you um filmed
yourself dancing in a pair of shaycarl
argyle socks
tweet them to me I need those videos now
so tweet those to me I'm gonna actually
make a separate video with all those
collaborations together that's the right
term I don't think so and then see what
the Shaytards are going one two three
and four years ago also on Wednesday
Colette's a belly painting video so this
Wednesday is gonna be a big day for
uploads it's gonna be awesome all right
let me guys see you tomorrow
