hi guys we're doing a one-take Sunday
today and the hello I'm Shane's I'm
Shane sister and I'm just gonna be the
book today you know what I'm gonna be in
the block
I'm Shane sister okay alright what
you're not here we're dollars sister
okay I can do whatever I want he's old
you cannot bring this family to work
trouble what Oh
salsa fail I'm shaking sister do but I
don't have my no I'm gonna pop her
sister okay who days talking about Shane
sir you sure you don't even know so
don't worry about it
Shane so gonna load the camera I don't
want to open hey guys are we rolling
here won't take Sunday
have we started I guess wrong I'm wrong
I tripped on my shirt do you feel like
you're gonna have it any second
no yes uh-huh you have lots of
contractions voice you and I'm hoping
that means something Braxton Hicks where
you're coming from
you want to yes I want to walk it today
yes so you want to wait till your mom's
birthday it will not be cool I want to
have a happy okay okay if you guys miss
the vlog yesterday which I don't think
you did because it has a lot of juice on
it already
Wow I was in church website looked I
looked in church I'm on yeah clean up
anyways we announced yesterday that the
doctor did you call her back because she
left boys no because they are not open
hmm well the doctor said that she could
go in on Friday October 25th which is
Colette's
mom's birthday I think you'd want to
wait for that it's like a catch-22 that
I don't want to be pregnant for another
five days but you're that sick of every
nine months is a long time you're what's
it 21st your due dates tomorrow
what if you have it tomorrow or two days
her due dates in two days so she's been
having a lot of Braxton Hicks
contractions if you've ever been around
babies I guess those are like what are
those whose Braxton like contractions
that are getting your body ready for
real contrived in it it's just like it's
Braxton Hicks a guy who invented these
contractions now actually I get to name
him you know like you invent something
you get to name it so one day this
pregnant dude named Braxton he's like
all the Summa Kurds I want to name this
contraction afternoon
hey where's the lot of noxious oh whoa
whoa we haven't even lunch yet you guys
are Delta today trick-or-treat candy did
you have fun last night I really you
know I don't get to candy I dumped it in
a pile and gave it like to my friends
and I'm such a good kid dude and I also
work sure you much was the were those
kids happy you guys watch Central
America trick did you make a lot of
friends last night promise okay guys
look yes rubberband on those two fingers
well guess what not anymore now their
remotes no fingers last night for our
church we had what's called a Trumper
treat what do you get he went trunk or
treatment explain the trunk or treat
what's a trunk or church is basically
where everyone parks in the parking lot
and then they like open their trunks and
they decorate the trunks and then they
give out candy basically like all most
of the cars were houses they're like
cars and you walk around the parking lot
tell you what it's a very efficient
source of getting candy quickly because
the cars park in the lot they open their
trunks up and you get around about 150
cars in ten minutes baby and that's a
lot of candy a lot of quit liked it
poor son hard he filled his up and then
of course he's doing the no sugar thing
so he dumped it on a pile did you
separate it between different friends
give it all to one friend I just dumped
it
just grab every just like yeah
pandemonium they grabbed me yeah but I I
got I got all the bags of pretzels psych
again kept the pretzels did you go
through every leg wait they'll be my
those are on those are by what's smart
that's good of you dude I'm proud of you
so yeah you still have fun doing just
going around you supposed to give them
to stress I'm proud of him for not
eating sugar for almost a year and you
see that's that's more to say than you -
you guys can't go two seconds without
eating sugar we haven't even been home
for church from five minutes you guys
are digging into your candy stashes Rock
tard
give me a skittles give me a skittle
give me one thank you thank you kid tax
you got to pay your kid chat thank you
all right throw oats one take Sunday
come to church make them hot stuff we're
waiting for this baby he should be here
any second we're not gonna wait we're
gonna actively engage ourselves today go
for a walk yes let's go get those stairs
no interested I have them where I'm
walking you want to go to those stairs
um no let's start with the walk cuz
that's more than I've done for a while
yeah you have been working out really
bad no Simon working out I want to show
it off turn it aside waves what the how
big that is move your hair hope your
boobs in it's big oh let me put up your
Halloween video on today Wednesday yeah
you guys monitor I painted your stomach
the video will be up on our channel Mary
doodles pain in my stomach
she's amazing baby tard go give that
baby a kiss give your baby brother a
kiss oh that's so sweet
give your baby brothers kisses
a little weird come give your baby
brother kiss have we decided on a tart
name yet I'm cool no I just yeah about
hey hey what do you want a Minotaur
named Kate warnings hard what do you
think sure I'll up your sword when you
go to smack your brother for me gremlins
art okay he's our selector Taylor Swift
sorry wrong we can explain to him why
use maybe grind on tarney's like oh
that's what what to do this is how I
explained it to him later on yeah rock
hard
what should we name the new baby
actually we have a real name and he
knows it he's been saying lately so I'm
not gonna tell you guys yeah so don't
ask Roger he'll probably spit out the
real name do you like to go to the
romantic are we ever going to tell them
what the real name is I'm sure they'll
bury Don eventually eventually we'll
tell you guys eventually um I don't know
how it's been received amongst our
friends and family every time we tell
people they're like oh I like that they
don't seem very convinced when they're
like oh like you know how you can kind
of tell you tell somebody they're like
oh that's nice
my mom just came out and said I don't
like that spend about 40 percent people
are like oh yeah I like that and then 60
you're like oh go fix your stove I'm
gonna blow our faces up so new baby
coming any second we are on baby watch
here at the shaycarl house we're gonna
eat some lunch and then we're gonna go
for a walk and see if we can wiggle it
out dude I told Colet I said I would
love if I was vlogging when your water
broke
that's I gotta keep a camera ready
let's water has never broke out of all
four kids she's always had it broke at
the hospital she was induced with these
three and then baby tarde came on her
own you came on your own good job you
were ready get into this world cream
she was exercising yeah why didn't I do
that again
Colette exercise really hard during baby
tards pregnancy she taught aerobics
until like month eight or something
honey I'm gonna put you through a really
hard workout today
okay you guys down we're gonna go for
like a two-mile walk
let's get that baby out of you we were
talking to a girl at church and she said
that her water broke because her she was
at the ocean and her other kid got into
the water and she had to run and get him
cuz he almost drowned and she went into
labor she sprinted into the ocean and
she went into labor right after that so
leave your have the baby recommendations
below I know you can eat patchouli oil
no that's what hippies use castor oil
she tried it with you with rock tart
that's rocked her cheese both of them
with Prince's Turner we did it once and
it didn't work and I know did we go get
an Orange Julius once and you put it in
an orange okay yeah well it was horrible
who is that when heard it started
which one's the dumbest one let's see I
think it was yeah it didn't help my mom
hang about it castor oil with Carly and
blood right out yeah do you remember
being inside the womb was the cool times
in there cool times or I don't know
tater tard Trippi tard chartered car
I like bro tard cuz we're always like
hey bro tightest hard bro tard little
bro maybe we should do it
Oh should do a face it's close I like
bro tard little bro tard lil bro tard
we're always saying bro in this family
yo bro tard left-hand side yeah all
right love you guys see you tomorrow uh
tomorrow will be a long vlog of Sun
tarde he won second place yesterday very
gauche all right run go for a walk so
tomorrow will probably be a one tanker
of Colet at the hospital follow me on
twitter as soon as she goes into labor
I'll let you guys know follow me on
Twitter will let you know soon as it
starts - this is exciting
how much are we in a film of this
pregnancy of you a seminar you want more
okay I'll just have like more of those
cameras rolling let's see on target a
second place
what is this you got a picture of Jesus
Jesus loves the little children doesn't
he Jesus loves little children the Book
of Mormon teaches us about Jesus Christ
oh good look at you you're a little
missionary sharing the gospel with
everybody that watches our videos now
we'll have some religious hate going on
in the comments good dad you did a great
job did you do that nursery today I'm so
proud of you good boy
give me five sing any song you see any
songs what songs did you sing okay let
me see that's awesome all right love you
guys I'm watching whoa what do you call
that the hurricane dance yeah man
hurricane fancy dance pants is that what
you learned in nursery today my goodness
what are they teaching you guys in there
quickly is okay
oh yeah that's a classic baby stuffing
so they call that the turnover hey we
need some more craziness in here honey
have another baby
uh you guys are you ready to teach the
new baby how to be crazy crazy Shaytards
we have a lot to teach this new baby to
you son I am talking directly to you
right now for all posterity we love you
and we can't wait to teach you how to be
a Shaytards and a butler and to be in
this family we can't wait for you to
join our team we'll see you soon little
guy I love you and for the rest of you
see you guys tomorrow
