apparently I'm getting a makeover this
morning thank you ladies I do have a
doctor's appointment today and I do need
to look fabulous because she's going to
tell me that I'm gonna have the baby
today right thank you ladies so I've
been informed they're doing my hair like
Rapunzel and baby at this rate you know
the first time I learned how to braid
was on the bus home from school and I
was a kindergartner I was on the bus
driving home for me I had a backpack it
was a purple backpack that had like
these little fringes on it I started
playing with the fringes and I looked at
him closer music I think I just paraded
that and so then I went home and I tried
it on one of my dolls and sure enough I
had learned how to braid when did you
learn how to braid you did cause you
don't know how to braid yet then I build
learn sorry ma'am I braided her hair so
I said thank you for fixing my hair
ladies all right you guys it's that time
it's been a couple weeks since I've
cleaned up my bag and it's I'm going to
show you hey don't judge me I'm a mom
okay so this is my bag this was in that
so let's review for a minute we've got
you know stacks has got kids you gotta
have lights if you're mom I got coupons
receipt random dollar bills hanging out
wrong what what's that what I don't have
can't what look an empty sticker thing
and of course we still
I got battery and money we got money in
my purse that's good
Hello Kitty eraser and the best of all
this is some card stock I'm on sometimes
in your purse that sock is from when we
did the argyle socks shirt and some hard
had to take his regular socks off and
put his argyle socks on and so I put all
the kids socks in my purse and that one
just randomly ended up staying in my
purse that's gross frog card tells me
help me to clean up my life okay say mom
clean up your life bro I'll take good
nice well here we go again time to go
check Omani tizzle since you didn't have
that she's old it's so you have five
kids of course you're old you're an old
lady now they did get some free hair I'm
an old man married to an old woman so
we're doing our weekly visit can you
believe it weeks we've been here last
time so hopefully we'll go in there and
should be like you're dilated baby like
that yes little see all right go get run
over by a car good news to see the baby
today
not like in real life but on the screen
or in the baby see you know it's your
baby brother Wasi a baby brother I'll be
fun today huh
are you gonna be nice to him just got a
little cup what do you put in your guy
in the water is he going swimming no
you're gonna eat him Doh egg I let me
see him spit him out let me see him who
is this you got in your mouth I mean you
walked who's that dude okay what's his
name okay Oh his name's a guy that's
original gotta wash him off okay I see
the baby
he's almost here you guys we're eight
and a half months like less than two
weeks until you got to actually what am
I talking about
today's the 18 that's like a four days
until her due date Wow
relent due dates in four days did you
know that your mom is due in four days
you did not put that on your calendar I
know
mommy's toast
kisum yeah it's mommy's toast good boy
she just got a pedicure yeah give them
kisses oh he loves his mom okay bra it's
getting weird
that's mommy's baby see
okay all done are you dressed mommy
Target dressed but you clothes back on
tell how big well the ban is already 8
pounds next Friday my mom's so that
would be cool but it would be cool if I
went before that too so either way it's
all good be cool right I'm not wearing
sunglasses inside you guys so if she
doesn't have it naturally next Friday
October 25th have this baby you ready to
have a baby brother you're gonna be such
a good big bro bro huh
want to charge her I'll have to go home
plug it in will plug the baby in okay hi
guys
did you have fun at school yeah yeah
yeah and Princess hard house the day
opportunity to go to the farmers market
today and you got us some stuff but if I
gave her $30 okay you already know show
 back there
alright so doctor says no more monkeys
jumping on the bed she did an ultrasound
and she's measuring the baby at already
eight pounds yeah so he's probably he's
gonna be a big baby and I don't know
when I'm gonna have him but if I don't
have him by next Friday they're going to
induce me which means give me the stuff
to help me go into labor so by this time
next Friday we will have a baby in one
week for sure but I could both go before
them it is excited
yes exciting huh well I know I'm excited
I would love to go on my own but I kind
of think it would be neat too if I if
they do have to induce me because that
is my mom's birthday my mom de passed
away not my cent mother but my mom the
pasta is birthday so that would be kind
of cool too but I'd love to go now I
don't care any time you know how much I
love pork yeah oh my goodness is that
from lunch you saved it
okay well hopefully do you have a
teleport look I got
or me
I don't know again on your right guys
practicing aside
Barriss when I tell you guys that sound
we just got home from the movie gravity
with Sandra Bullock and George Clooney I
couldn't breathe the whole time so
claustrophobic I don't want to be a
spoiler I don't spoiler alert - yeah and
then at the end okay I'm gonna try to
talk about the movie with those of you
who have seen the movie without spoiling
it for those of you who have not seen
the movie I won't spoil it but you know
at the very end it got so frustrating at
the very end when I was like that thing
happens and that thing happened it was
like really no way okay okay you sweet
oh no not bad oh okay Quincy oh oh geez
I'm serious is like you know what I'm
saying doesn't have you saw it like at
the end it was like come on like people
were laughing in her theater that was
just like you gotta be kidding me there
were people like laughing even though it
was like still a very tense moment
people just started laughing because it
was like no way come on
and then when finally I was like you
know right you guys all I'm saying yeah
Oh anyways go see gravity that was my
movie review it's pretty good right bad
she's brush her teeth it's 10:40 8:00 at
night and we have to get up at 6:00 a.m.
to go to Sun tar swim meet tomorrow yeah
hmm goodnight sound of boat cut a nice
but you guys are you okay I'll break up
that out I don't think so pervert
thunderbolt cut a nice but thunderbolt
cut a nice but thunderbolt cut a nice
blood right bad thunderbolt cut a nice
book that's good they in trouble
thunderbolt cut a nice book hey guys
Shane here the Shaytards editor so
yesterday apparently che announced that
there were some pink shaycarl argyle
socks at rodeo arcade and there's not
surprise surprise surprise I know a lot
of you went there and tried to find them
but they weren't there because one she's
a liar and - he's inept and three he's a
stupid face so I had to take my pogo
stick down to the rodeo arcade
headquarters
break-in with the bolt cutters that my
grandma bought me for my birthday and
get some of those socks so I can show
you them to you today
here are the pink shaycarl argyle socks
they are waste of your time and money do
not buy them he will probably use the
money to fund his children's education
and pay for their fifth child that is
coming shortly and everybody knows that
those kids are going nowhere fast
because their pathetic little brats that
nobody likes also there's some marine
ones and some blue ones they'll be up on
the website on Monday at Rodeo arcade
calm there's what they look like they're
pink ever seen pink gray ever seen this
s it stands for che or stupid you pick
here they are pink
yay guy got pink socks on nobody cares
maroon oh that's an ugly color that
nobody will wear except for my grandma
who I love she's the only person who
loves me yeah maroon socks with some
greens oh I thought were Eddie did blue
how original here's some other one yeah
that was great
yep oh look more SS Brandin sellout
stupid chain here see you guys tomorrow
yes I got new glasses thanks for
noticing hey what was he saying you guys
you're in trouble
