hi I'm login here let's see that's
pinned against spider-man oh they're so
happy today so happy are you so happy at
Billy's all right so you guys last night
I have tons and tons of braxton-hicks
contractions and they were really strong
so I'm really thinking that maybe I
would go last night but I didn't I even
text Cecily at like 11 o'clock I'm like
just in case well are you ready are you
the home she's like yeah ready I was
ready but nothing happened if I keep
crossing my fingers watch it be a whole
nother week hope not have you been
telling lies again bro that reminds me
of those spaces on Beetlejuice remember
when they do they do that song in the at
the table
what was that they gonna grab your faces
labyrinth or Beetlejuice which one does
that remind you every day's remember
they have those people over it's like
come mister tally man tally me banana
and their faces get all along sure that
was Beetlejuice Beetlejuice Pikachu
spiritus Oh to the mirror look at the
mirror Robert Robert say this come
mister tally Mon tell me mean be banana
you know what that's it you're out of
here did that scare you that I just
chucked my kid out of the cart there was
a bed there it's fine we're a big lunch
punkin let's see do a front-flip I wish
I was a little kid from lip nice dude
yeah I know dad I'm pretty awesome okay
I did not know he was gonna do that all
I knew was I supposed to film I swear
don't do it again okay get out we have
to buy our stuff first then you get all
right so we're shopping for baby room
apparel that what you want you want that
for the baby's room hold on after yell
your son's don't jump on the furniture
with your shoes I took my shoes off and
I did that he has his shoes on
he needs a facepalm body slam Hey come
get your facepalm body slam come on no
come here
put your face Rock chart come here put
your face right here but no put your
face put your face right here good
thanks all body fun you another one come
here put your face right here rock card
come here hey come get your face palm
body slam right now let me get you I get
you I get you got him got him
there's a baby coming out of your
stomach I
I already birthed this one I don't want
to do it again to rebirth him but he's
coming out here comes the baby so do you
want to get your recliner
we're in chairs right now I want
whatever you want babe I just want your
happiness and this digs it to go away
I can only help with one of those he
likes that one
you like that one dude is that
comfortable you're a wiggly little boy
you want a cloth one Collette
you sit on mother ah that's good point
yeah we'll get that one what is it 285
that's not too bad you recline you are
fat geez it's definitely a bowl full of
jelly
we gotta like God straight up so I got
Pete move it around
oh it like gets up into a piece all
right let's get this one then
yeah all right we found some little
chairs for little rock face is that
comfortable
do you like it is it gonna get that one
chair maybe sit here and smoke your pipe
and read a novel could read Moby Dick
maybe huh we'd last the Mohicans in that
chair okay sounds good
Collette come here come here look that
data did that did that did that did that
did that attitude uh Chet Chet better a
sec Ted it doesn't--it minutes back in
the box Jack does get back in the box
yeah this one's too getting too big we
can't put them in things anymore that
about does - tada Dada Dada Dada
okay we're back hey how does that box
get in here do you carry it in here
good having big strong friends nice -
I'm impressed
I was I was about to say Ron come help
me get this lazy boy out of the back of
my truck he just brought it in cuz he's
a big strong dude all right so it's
cooking our here at the Shaytards me and
Ron are making a shayloss healthy recipe
video this is a cool video this is a
great idea that Ron had it's about how
do you get healthy food for cheap a lot
of people are like can't eat healthy for
cheap so we took a ten dollar bill went
to the grocery store and bought some
healthy foods
and we're cooking it right now and so
you have to go watch the video on
shayloss to see it with your eyes ball
Pein retard mommy made you some eggs and
toast Wow
I want this Ron didn't hers looks better
than ours
yeah well she spent more than $10 we
should want eggs I would've been cheaper
huh
eggs are cheap don't give away the video
whoops sorry bro
jeez where's my dinner want some
breakfast today we are going to do some
things not really special I'm going to
give you like a little tour of my broom
doing in here you don't be giving
shoutouts on the Shaytards log's
get out of here okay so okay so um baby
starts out a playdate right now so she's
not in my thing right now so I'm sorry
that you don't see another person okay
yeah so what I want to do before I start
I'm gonna get out a shout out to Charlie
and Cassidy they're in my school and
they watch remember you so you give a
shout outs to in here javi Cassidy hey
Charlie and kes 'add shout out to you
guys Cassidy yes that's a name yes
Cassidy yeah hey Cassidy see if you give
me a piggyback ready yeah hold me ready
walk see you walk ready sure we can do
this hey Charlie get walk set up
straight you're not straight that's a
good form can go walk oh my legs are too
weak
come on strengthen Amaro here we go hold
me ready ready go go what are these kids
are giving a shout out to kids in your
school yeah cause hey guys
sup we're just hanging out princess
turns got the best dad ever you know I'm
saying yeah
hi Rock card is at your new chair yeah
we got to take the box off before it
becomes a real chair can you jump off of
that dude you can jump off that let's
see oh that's me impressive okay one two
three go
that's high your little baby bones are
like spring your cartilage and baby
bones are very receptive to jumping heat
up insert do a backflip off of it you
can't do a bow brand please man yeah I
know
I think the is so glad every day that we
don't live in an apartment some more
practice start do a handstand off of it
do a hand sign off put your hands on the
edge of the box and just flip over oh
that means business go I'll catch you
right here seek you'll come here later I
don't know go make that you what are you
scared of Go Go you free I'm right here
just do it do it head says you can go
yes I'll catch you go I'm gonna stall
over hey do it again maybe you just do
that without me sander you just jump
over ready go
go dude I'm gonna touch this huh ready
go there go Joe
go oh he's happy now is so exciting
let's flip a little bit this time just
like you know get a little bit big oh
yeah
owns it wants to do it rock garden your
dog is bigger than you are
Zeke Zeke yeah you're wrestling Z quick
in your nuts weirdo
Ziggy all Ziggy all your teaching your
brothers bad habits come on I remember
what I had a problem with that mommy
tard yellow meme risas agua are you
rooting the air blast you you go finish
and finished yet I just had to add that
in there real quick and finished wait we
gotta pray well then you just make your
own dinner schedule shall we how was
your playdate today okay good we're
having spaghetti again tonight we had it
last week and we're having it again this
week because it's easy and it's yummy
thanks guys for putting up with my late
and pregnancy dinner the ones like baby
tart is fine with it
hey rock card come on it's tummy sandy
okay superhero man eat some food okay
uh-huh
okay so dad is not here tonight because
he's at the gym and we're waiting for me
honey I'm making regonize Cruz yeah
not really
ice cream you should happy I want ice
cream
ha ha ha I want ice cream necklaces all
right daddy's totally on che Tovar mode
so we're just gonna eat without you
they're trying to demonstrate the
different strokes from swimming the
butterfly son heart was saying was the
hardest rope for him to get and suppose
they're arguing over a butterfly stroke
that is exactly right all of you you're
the best butterfly stroke person look at
you Rock drive what stroke are you doing
you're gonna write yourself why little
boy fart on my arm
nobody fart on my arm and gets away with
it
you have 200
what speaks like I would please okay I'm
turning it up there come on baby come on
me I'm not one you're not as cute oh hey
Shea has a really good habit of riling
the kids up right before bed
it's awesome I joined the gym kiss you
wonder why I'm so sweaty
good night
hope you have some sweet dreams slang
time cured is so crazy
well should we go say goodnight to the
girl now get some good rest you got
school in the morning
now that the boys are calm let's go see
what's to say good night to the girls 9
you rated the girls better every time
we're up the stairs it's a race he's
like it's right on my heels
and he's allowed to it's like me chased
by a monster who's ready to go
nighty-night are you all right good
night love you guys come on yeah yelling
bacon they're they're so crazy
hareton why don't we shake off my finger
that will it
yeah buddy it's Friday it's the weekend
Yippity Doo Dah thumbs this video up
come on come come come don't be so
selfish with your thumbs you got two of
them it's the weekend
Zeke is sitting here on the couch
looking at me what are you looking at
woody why do you follow me everywhere
love with me you guys I don't know if
you do are you click on yesterday's vlog
you can click on that feeling lucky
button and if you want to suit the shade
hours one two three and four years ago
today click on those buttons
um um new socks oh yes uh check out rody
arcade pink ones that's right ladies
pink socks available now link below see
ya tomorrow
