Oh awesome I'm so proud of you awesome
I'm waiting already
alright you guys we are at India's first
cross country meet are you nervous
really nervous so wait how far are you
going I think it was - miles - miles
okay
I'll be cheering you're on girlfriend
okay love you baby throwing up one of
those caesura abs cross-country we go
idiot where is she
oh she's right there yeah baby yeah she
comes just killing it she's like that
she is my love keep going pretty deep
beep pure pain I did advise huh here's
such a good bad pretty much you're
forgetting like oh yeah what's a daisy I
know I have gotta breathe
there we go I don't know guys it is so
good she is competing with all the girls
these tall girls and she's awesome I'm
so proud of you awesome little baby at
the end you feel like I don't even feel
like I'm actually using my legs I'm just
like on top of these rubbery things that
keep moving they kept moving yo yo yo I
am super proud of my daughter she what
did she get like top 20 out of like 60
and and that was all greats not just her
yeah sixth seventh and eighth so she
beat seventh graders and eighth graders
as a sixth grader today I'm so proud of
her listen I'm not gonna lie there's a
little cross country blood in her jeans
I wasn't a bad runner back in the day I
remember the time I beat cold nighter
and he was a City champion every year I
beat him one time I was so pumped anyway
me and Colette are headed to Park City
Utah to go meet up with some of the
tricks and crew we have a little
convention conference slash
meet-and-greet get together with all the
executive crew at tricks and anyways you
guys I'm gonna go put a GoPro on the
front of my truck because these
mountains are
awesome and I want you to see them ready
come on you know you're a good vlogger
when you have a GoPro mount just already
set your truck oh it's still running
check it out I put this GoPro mount on
here like three years ago and it's still
on here so anytime I see a gorgeous sky
I put a GoPro on the front of my truck
which is like twice out of the last
three years so hardly ever anyways
welcome to Utah where life is elevated
alright here we are at the ute Idaho
border thanks for driving babe well I
drove so you can block that beautiful oh
okay that's okay well they go just to
the right now then
woah that rainbow whoa holy Majoli holy
cow
pardon the language not as pretty as you
my little angel my little daughter of
God I love you alright we're driving
into the sunset
hello Matt okay I'm getting too much
fudge hey can I do this I hate when I do
this I'm like look at this look at this
look at this and I'm going to edit it
I'm like what are you gonna leave in
shape you think this vlog gonna be 90
hours long show it to you guys there's a
bee
other sites we can see my smile more
come on what's low be doing yeah
nobody's big news okay Logan do a double
guess watch living do a double backflip
here he goes we're vlogging it your
trick one two oh two and a half house a
nice flip okay we're at Park City right
now guys jumping on trampolines with
bungee cords attached our waists but
here's the thing there's a weight limit
and it's 180 and I'm over the weight
limit so I can't do it I do fat to ride
this ride who you got there tootsie roll
hey guys oh geez yeah we're go for his
little first slide ride it's gonna be
fun Oh blog it will be you guys you be
like you're doing it with this okay dun
dun dun dun
you excited okay it's race time we're
racing hey guys let's get on our horse
about to take the dynamite Express
warning you Logan are you having a hard
time over there Bhushan what he couldn't
find the handle a greater control what
you're gonna do is push forward on that
red handle to go all the way back there
pull your brake all the way back let
 lift up okay so here's all the
rules let's just go over them it says
first there's no bumping also be aware
that there is absolutely no bumping and
don't forget to not bump I just broke
three rules it was ah sorry don't kick
me I wanna me alright guys wish me look
you have to say on your marks get set go
okay you ready babe you're gonna lose
girl and say with excitement kay yeah on
your marks like that
anyway get fit
I'm waiting already
did I have killing a furry cat state
this loadout massage stoppers I'm gonna
give her a chance where she goes
it gives me the giggles
hey guys I got a call to take this
seriously full throttle ahead
yeah that was awesome
babe Logan caught you you go fast I
thought I was just gonna go straight the
whole time I definitely used the brain
Logan was flying all right you ready for
this ride look at this guy's we are in a
tunnel on a sled type thing it's kind of
like that Alpine Slide it's just a
little bigger we're gonna go flying down
this hill for a dork
Wow there was somebody above us do you
see that more because that you're not in
control like you know you're like on the
bars the other one I feel like I'm not
you could fall out
I'll definitely fall out okay here you
do look at these trees it isn't roll
their flight over top of us we're in a
corridor that's what I called it what is
it a quiet not a corridor it's like a
corridor corridor hallway corners like
an entrance into another plane dude it's
like a digital corridor my corridor
digital subscribe alright you guys look
at these twists and turns we're about to
make it's like a real-life roller
coaster he's ready for this wow that's
cool we're gonna fast ahem feelin
alright so we're gonna attempt to not
smile the entire time oh this is gonna
be exhilarating I can tell it's gonna be
fast and it's really smooth it's like
quiet and smooth we're gonna try to not
smile on this Drive it's like the
teacups impossible you try you try not
to smile because you see everybody
coming down and even like you know like
stern-looking business dudes like they
got this like grin on their face again
the anticipation is killing me
okay ready mix dude three two one all
right
ready for oh my goodness I've already
got buttercup that was intense if you go
the whole time it's fast I like the
little like whoops it was faster than I
thought it was gonna be dude could you
imagine who though like got like a
paintball gun and those are already gone
there shoot link hit the target Oh what
you think mom swap I get how am I not
dying doing it dude it is so fast did
you push on the brakes mom you have a
fast little time nice at a girl and now
we're gonna ride down this mountain on
mountain bikes oh you guys Collette
accidentally hit the stop button so we
didn't get that giant slide it was funny
footage and we could not not smile we
definitely were smiling return alright
we're getting off look here's our bikes
tips up guys this trail going down this
now
thanks sir appreciate it whoo all right
guys
Hey
oh that was awesome dude here comes Loki
bear Logan hmm nice sporting the tricks
and backpack oh oh look at that man it
is something special up here
gorgeous gorgeous okay with it bike oh
yes this is a real sport yeah
okay rolling okay you guys this is
contact now next we light them go for
the guy on the voice it's gonna get
stuck
he's just gonna get cat without a chip
and it's gonna go in somebody that could
be bad
yes they're shooting show like an eye or
shoot each other
no thank you and business
all right everybody shut your bow a
little bit shooting fans okay our system
makes a good deer and now for our
adventure sport we're gonna write an
electric skateboard homeboy you guys
Park City is this is maybe you guys I
know I know I'm always like look at this
you can't believe it let me zoom in on
the moon oh wow okay here we go this
hold on tight everybody hold on put your
seatbelts on this is the moon of which I
speak oh it's pink and purple the moon
is huge
Wow should we do it time-lapse
let's let's do the time-lapse ready
time-lapse go
that's bad time-lapse well hello how are
you you're just sitting there looking at
that pretty moon I bet you are
well thanks for watching thanks for
coming to the Shaytards every single day
we appreciate it
thumbs up the video leave us a nice
compliment compliment comment and don't
forget the Shaytards rewind is tomorrow
I like them I don't care if you don't
like and we've been doing them every
Saturday for a year I like them so
please watch ok love you thanks watchin
t tomorrow but
