our kids a dumb baby tard hello are you
there
are you awake still ah there you are so
it's another day I'm still pregnant and
we are just headed to school that's
exciting right
can't get more exciting than that are
you excited for swimming today today's
our gym and swim day we got swim for him
hey Jim panderers Ashurst Timmons you
can call your sports Lippman yama and
this is an important week because you
have a swim meet this saturday yeah so
we got to work hard what no you can't
tension something tension right there
okay we're just listening to ourselves a
little Callie more you love her new CD
you guys there's something about
listening to your favorite music in the
car that makes it like crisper and
sweeter and you can like hear every word
and every note better do you guys notice
that I just yeah that's how I feel about
music in the car I love the song that's
so
my heart sing it collie sing it like you
never sang anything before so guilty hey
so I forgot to tell you well you most of
you know that October is Breast Cancer
Awareness Month and usually every year
my sisters and I do something for breast
cancer awareness this year I am having a
baby so I haven't really like focused
much on it but Sadie every year on her
bead website she will with every order
that you make Shay's vlogging again
anyways with every order that you make
you get a free pair of earrings for
breast cancer awareness and I just got
mine and I'm super excited they're so
pretty
every year she has a different design
than this year it's like these pearls
with a crystal oh my gosh this might be
my favorite design ever if you buy
anything on her website you get a free
pair of earrings in the month of October
and she donates like 25 percent to
breast cancer awareness so it's a really
crazy awesome and Shea's just gonna wear
pink for all day long it's be a month
breast can't be see a breast cancer
awareness
precious yeah it's a very precise oh
that's not Prashad you're disgusting hmm
so Sadie's website is Sadie's beads art
feiyr.com if you guys want to go get
some sushi slobbered all over it now I
have to go clean my pink earrings do you
like it yeah he loves it
look rock guard that's you somebody made
that for us a couple vidcon's or
playlist lives ago and they made one for
each of the kids and I love them they're
adorable but the other ones did not last
through three different moves so this
has a only one that lasted huh that's
you you're uptight when you count them
can you count them count them for me
first
show me Vanna White
he's good job Mike eight yep pretty soon
we'll teach you how to what divers are -
okay you count pedicure time thank you
hi I didn't know it was like a last
minute thing and I called Brittany she
couldn't come but I was like I have five
minutes we're gonna do it I have to get
this done before the baby comes or my
toes are gonna look Nikki there's
something about having your toes done
when you go into labor that just makes
you feel better it's like when you look
down and everything really hard it's
like oh it's my clothes are pretty well
I'll have Shay show you in the labor
room how pretty my clothes are will make
everything better all right we're at gym
and swim but we're not going in today
because rockhard decided that he need to
take a little slumber my little sleeping
angel and I would carry him in but he
will have you for me right now so we're
done eating out here so sorry no gym
footage or swim footage and Shay could
be here hi funny story we locked
ourselves out of the baby's room I know
it sounds really crazy but for some
reason our rental house has key locks on
the bedroom doors and the landlord's
never really had keys but they never
really had this issue cuz they had kids
that didn't lock the doors when they're
not in the room so we have a locked door
it is the baby's room and so he is there
waiting for the locksmith to comment
open the baby's room and then fix the
lock so that this doesn't happen again
cuz would that be a nightmare if the
baby was in there we couldn't get him we
tried everything last night he tried out
like it's bloody hot a metal spatula
like trying to slide that in there cuz I
destroyed two like old cards that I
didn't need anymore because it didn't
work anyways he's getting into the
baby's room and we're going to children
swim so I reading the comments of
yesterday's vlog where you guys were
suggesting names to go on that
establishing shot on the building for
this shaycarl I got my socks on music
video and it's making it more difficult
to decide there's so many good ones I
saw one that I liked and I already
emailed it to the end
but then I've seen like four more I like
Argyle enterprises bow - NER industries
Malakai LLC PD F and P enterprises
there's a lot of good ones
Shane Corp I thought that's a pretty
funny wink wink nod nod cuz of my editor
there's a lot of good ones maybe I
should pick five and you guys should
vote I think we should do that I don't
know man I'm there you guys left some
really really good suggestions I don't
know but thank you guys there's already
the vlogs meant for 20 minutes there's
already 1,500 comments I love you okay
we're watching the news about the
government shutdown just had some tacos
I'm stuff that was good and Brickell
started out something hilarious to share
with us let's see okay she says that
when when you gonna put this up some
people come to our door and they knock
on the door okay so she's gonna tape
this to the door there is a prego person
inside she has a baby and she's not
afraid to use it
be careful happy Halloween that's a
great note
that'll warn people that'll definitely
warn him watch out that baby is loaded
and she's not afraid to use it
baby are you gonna be shooting people
with babies on Halloween you better have
that baby bye how ho what is the new
baby gonna be for Halloween have we
thought about that new baby we need to
get a little costume a little pumpkin we
should get like a little green bean like
a little pea peas in a pod dude we're
gonna have fun kids dressed up for
Halloween
think about our Halloween instagrams
great Instagram opportunities that's all
I think about is social networking how
do I make more views off of this picture
I R square K my fan Jackson we're
watching ultimately funny guilty dog
compilation speak of the devil speak of
the devil
in today's video we talked about how
Zeke knows he's in trouble and I just
saw this on Facebook you know and you're
in trouble don't use easy you know when
you're in trouble I love you which
normally doesn't really make that big of
a difference
I have friends or whatever like when
Derek and Bree were just here my friends
from high school and the kids were
asleep and I was talking that they're
like sure your kid's gonna wake up I'm
like no they were raised in the shaycarl
household
I am always yelling I have always
screaming they were used to it and I
showed up I like walking in the door I
open there are like hey kids kids and
Bree and Derek oi I'm like they won't
wake up they just um are used to it
anyways I'm in the closet just put the
kids to bed mommy it hurts onct out
today was a crazy date can i vlog in the
closet we have another closet vlog in a
long time here we are there's mommy
stuff you guys should we see what's in
this drawer what there's candies it's
her scanties who's this coconut body
butter that's a big tub of body butter
smells like coconut marshmallows
it's what I do that it's my room listen
I wanted to say thank you you guys today
was a huge day I don't even think I've
walked at all today I was at my computer
for probably 13 hours I woke up this
morning at 7:30 and I downloaded the
urban shredder final edit from San
macaroni we had to make some like
last-minute approvals last night and we
uploaded four videos today I just
tweeted I said holy crap we've uploaded
three videos on three different channels
today I uploaded a shaycarl video a
Shaytards video and a shayloss video and
then somebody tweeted me like what about
mommy turns me I'm like oh heck duh
katie latin channel uploaded a video
today so we had four uploads
today I was at the computer all day long
for probably 13 hours that's why I said
honey we think I've logged at all except
for like when we had dinner tonight but
it was a good day because I appreciate
you guys for supporting us I just want
to like kind of give you a little behind
the scenes so when we were doing this
urban shredder campaign the guy who was
in charge of the marketing for it he
said that the way that this campaign was
being judged whether it did well or not
whether it performed well as if we got a
lot of clicks on the link that's why in
the in Slate me and son Todd were like
hey guys click on the urban shredder
link to go check it out and when I made
that thing about like if it gets ten
thousand clicks and send hard we'll get
a urban shredder for Christmas and the
guys like wow if I got ten thousand
clicks that would be amazing well he
just sent me an email guess how many
times you guys clicked on that urban
shredder link twelve thousand times as
of right now and it's about 11:30 at
night and I put that video up this
morning so they are stoked they are
super happy and I got to thank you guys
because that is good for us that means
that Hot Wheels is like wow May working
with these youtubers are like better
than anything we've ever done before
like for the money they spent and the
amount of clicks they got for people to
go check out the toy is more than
they've probably ever had so that's good
for us and our family because that means
we'll probably add some more toys tour
deals so I just wanted to tell you guys
because as soon as I saw that email it's
like such a relief you know because you
work on these projects and you want them
to be funny and if you want to be good
content that
entertaining to watch but then you want
the brand to be happy because they're
paying you to do it and so it's a lot of
stress you're like I don't I don't want
my audience to hate it and I want the
brand to be happy coz they're paying me
to make this so there's this fine
balance of like trying to make something
that you like and that I would have made
anyways but just incorporating the
product into the video and I think we
did it and there's like no better
feeling than like this feeling of like
you know satisfaction like ah job well
done you know what I mean like it all
worked like people liked the video one I
guess the very first most important
thing is that me and Sun tart and Casey
engaged had a blast making it it was
like we were just playing all day long
and we made this video it's fun it's
entertaining I think it's kind of funny
we had a few little jokes in there and
then the brand loved it Hot Wheels was
super stoked on it and I think you guys
for the most part thought it was really
good so thank you and I just I felt very
grateful soon as I got that email is
like oh it worked it worked you know
it's like big like sigh of relief also
I'm like so stoked with everybody that's
on October she told was going strong my
buddy hi I'm Ron I couldn't do without
him like we're uploading two videos a
day you guys realize in the month of
October we are doing daily videos twice
we've uploaded a video every single day
on the shayloss channel and the
Shaytards channel so it is quite the
load of content but I wouldn't trade it
for the world man I wouldn't trade it
for the world feels oh I see mommy turns
scanties okay love you guys seriously I
appreciate all these have done for us I
hope you guys feel like we are providing
them you know things to you
encouragement and uplifting
entertainment and stuff so I appreciate
it see you guys tomorrow
I killed
reflect
in my head
I should have done
perfect near him
on my back to come my trembling breath
before I walked away and swore that
but I cannot forget
