when in doubt I asked you guys okay so
we are working on the final edit you
cool so we're on the final edit of the
sock song got socks on song and we're
trying to think of like this is so
minuscule like it doesn't really matter
but like I'm trying to get like every
little detail in this video because I
want to be just perfect here's our
editor hey say hi so we have an opening
shot that's kind of like a setup shot
I've probably given too much away I
always do this you guys know I never
like surprised you with anything it's
like I've brought you along through the
whole process I've shown you guys behind
the scenes you've heard the song I one
day we'll just create a project and then
just like drop it on your face you beg
oh I don't know you're doing that J but
that probably never happened so anyway
this is the setup shot where we go into
this little thing I can't tell you too
much and we want some little inside joke
this is like a company or a corporation
right now we have it as humdrum
enterprises I'm trying to think like
what would be something that would be
like a inside joke like that we could
call a company but this the feel of it
is like kind of like what it supposed to
be boring right you don't like the
company correct yeah because we're in a
business meeting that we hate to be in I
want to think of like some name of the
company that would kind of be like you
know like a little weak weak nod nod to
you know like our past but I can't think
of something I don't know we want your
suggestions yeah leave them below why
now we have humdrum what do you guys
think what's a good idea leave your
comments and we'll probably pick one of
you guys if I like it and we use it you
will get a free pair of socks huh that's
a great idea you don't get any socks ooh
so leave comments below and if I use
yours give you a free pair of socks Oh
baby what are you guys doing
you barn a playing game Zeke
this is the new hangout station for the
kids writes me of that video on YouTube
laughs without smiling
oh yeah I can't fall in those little
holes where do you find out about this
game listen listen you're not the star
of the show okay can you just be quiet
for two seconds you play this at school
oh cool
but there's only like like three games
on it yeah so it's like an excuse
because it's like oh it's cool cuz it's
about huh I don't see any math man
sounds like an excuse to me let me try
how do you play yeah use these to go to
the side
here we go okay you jump for me oh snap
oh snap
jump Oh where's mom where's mom poor
girl she's ready to have that baby you
guys she's tired she's ready she's done
cooking that baby
hey you come out young man that is
enough time in the wolf you get out here
your mom is sick and tired of carrying
you around I did zero so are you tired
your hair looks pretty well a lot of it
alright because that was some scouts
princess chard had activity day and she
made the cutest thing in the entire
world are you ready to show them okay
can we see the cutest thing that you
made in the entire world but she is that
for you this goes on the plate I don't
know if it goes on the plate but you put
it on the plate and it's super cute for
like a gift idea and then your sister
made you something
crabby ballerina wait have you brushed
your teeth yet you did already oh well
okay sorry honey it's my fault hey let
her give it yours
but look at this oh my gosh I love it
with the googly eye on little spiders
you don't get these fighters no no
spiders for you I'm still not easy he
chews up everything it drives me crazy
shoot up the new bed cover that I got
for Sun card room just because he was
mad because they made him stay outside
and then he got in the laundry room and
he chewed it up I'm sorry we didn't make
you a spider cookie oh hi oh you
wouldn't play you wouldn't play now
we're all good
okay Daisy came home said to run even
out the petty hit a date with a Labrador
a labradoodle flat came home as soon as
collect came home
Zeke ran into my office and got under my
desk like and like put his head under my
feet well usually with that money you
owe me something usually means is that
you'll be guilty of something cuz
normally he'll come to me when I come
home it's so interesting me the dogs
know rightful baby you and he knows when
he's in trouble
because he knows when he did something
was supposed to do it's interesting cuz
I went to a training that said that you
shouldn't get after him for something
they did a while ago if they don't
remember he remembers no look up home
hours after like you know he's done
something he'll walk in and they'll be
like oh shoot
and we're like immediately would you do
and we walk around the house sure enough
we always find sympathy and we say chew
on your chew toy my favorite was when we
came home and he had like eight pairs of
your shoes he'd shoot up like it was
like had a personal vendetta against
cloudy
let's pray come on we gotta talk to
Heavenly Father get up
and then they said their prayers and
whatever they do I don't know oh I hate
this family
oh why do I have this job okay so the
rest of the video you guys is Shay and
his son basically being giant sellouts
they did a brand deal with this toy
called the urban shredder or they get
paid probably millions of dollars to
promote this stupid toy then give me one
obviously because I work for pennies and
lentil soup anyways the rest of the
video is behind the scenes of them
working on the urban shredder video and
the insulate and whatever blah blah blah
hate my life I gotta get a new job
okay I'm gonna be looking all pissed and
you'd be like what's the matter if I can
nothing like come on what's the matter
like nothing like don't be a poor loser
just because you lost okay good already
go what's the matter nothing come on
doesn't matter are you just mad because
you lost do it like this say are you mad
because you lost Carrie what's the
matter nothing doesn't matter no you
cheated
nothing cheated no fair use the urban
shredder and use my legs hey guys thanks
for checking out this video we had such
a blast man did you have fun it's such a
good time we basically just raced all
day long it was father and son race day
yep
you want one for Christian yeah he said
he wouldn't be in the video unless he
won the race alright you guys seriously
thanks for watching thumbs it up if you
liked it click right here click the
urban shredder if you guys want to see
it it's right bullets below like right
never you can click on the screen right
now and go check out the urban shredders
your mouse ten thousand of you click on
it maybe all that Sun tart have one for
Christmas a hundred thousand ok thanks
you guys we love you leave us comments
below what you want to see next see you
guys later
seeing down next
you go down again down down see what I
mean
total sellouts cut the footage that
nobody wants to see that they shot two
months ago or here on set with Sam
macaroni hi making a video for urban
shred it was difficult to make it look
cool but that guard so we got this brand
deal with urban shredder and I thought
like when they contacted us like hey
would you like to make a video with this
thing and I showed son tard I'm like son
jar come in here look at this dad yes
please please can we make a video I
thought that would be pretty fun making
a video with one of these things cuz
SunGard wants to write on it and we're
just gonna be hanging out all day we're
shooting this video it's a brand deal
and would be erasing and we have some
funny little gags planned and so he's
just learning how to ride it cuz we're
gonna be shook on it all this so he has
to get a scenery
okay guys I'm on a bike ride Oh
feels like I'm towing a trailer or
something what's going on back there we
got this trailer it's called a processed
trailer
quiet Sam's in my truck that's how we
make movies people not only is shaycarl
an Internet star he's also a workhorse
alright this is the breakaway glass and
the part that is making everybody very
nervous how much that cost Sam a
thousand dollars just for one bit of
this video work we better uh we better
make it look good I think if I don't get
a few stitches and it's not worth a
thousand bucks right there we go
thousand dollar medical bill cuz he
broke a thousand dollar piece of glass
Nathan Barnett here on the set helping
us out being hilarious what he's best at
being hilarious we haven't worked
together since the kiev video that's
right such sellouts
I know brand was just bringing us
together
the funniest yeah that's good this in
the Oreo is that me and Sun tartar
racing I'm on my mountain bike and he's
on the urban shredder there's a bit
where you know the classic like two
workers are coming out with a giant pane
of glass and then I'm gonna crash
through it and of course it's breakaway
glass and it's very fragile so they have
to be really careful getting it out the
guy who they bought it from said if you
like twist it at all it'll crack and
then it'll like explode like it's built
to like explode so you don't hurt
yourself so they're getting it out right
now trying to be very careful not to
break it and then I'm gonna come
crashing through it on my bike it's
reminds me when I did granite it's very
fragile this way you can't twist it at
all it's like you have to keep it
straight up and down or it'll crack Sam
did I've done granite bro I can I figure
this up haha okay the moment of truth
don't break it macaroni oh snap crackle
pop does it slid all the way to host
yep case you're gonna pick it up in the
middle there you're responsible case
Tila beer yeah slide all the styrofoam
out I'm nervous I'm gonna break it we
got one chance this is like those
one-shot opportunities we have every
camera we can find set it up so we can
shoot it from multiple angles nice
concentrates am the only one person
should be balancing it a turn just leave
that oh yeah here take plastic off of it
careful it's ready to go
roll them
okay don't bump it my job is to crash
through the middle of that here we go
all right moment of truth this is the
thing you only get one shot at it Shay
you better do a good one shot here
thousand dollars yeah don't worry about
hurting yourself just get second like my
shins all right this is one of the fun
parts of our job right Remington oh yes
all right fling this glass and shake
Carl's face right now yeah won't you
come watch hey guy
do you have a bunch of glass in your
mouth let's do it like right around here
and meet in a suit like way still on the
light just up into his face I would say
uh countdown so you do at the same time
what's up great you ready Remington are
you gonna throw right here yeah okay
let's throw it by here yeah this glass
shades face action you rolling team on
three two one
so at 6:00 p.m. now we've been on set
for nine hours today I'm getting
sunburned I like sunburn can you tell
well time flies when you're having fun
it doesn't feel like 9 hours what about
you gage you having a good time trying
to climb up on there you're in the shark
what for gage we have his shots like
right now so he's been waiting all day
basically doing nothing so you ready for
your shot bro you ready gonna nail it
okay you're riding the urban shredder
next I wasn't in the shop for a 10 hour
but steer so cute you having a good time
dude this is fun right I think we had a
pretty cool job don't you think yeah I
remember yeah you guys are pretty dirty
all right so we're headed to another
location with our urban shredder so go
get another shot that's a wrap on the
urban shredder shoo be honest guys did
you have fun gage what you think dude
sweet son charge of a good time there
goes read me right now hey you want one
for Christmas now son dad was saying
he's like I wanted a scooter for
Christmas but now I want one of these
for Christmas I ate it I hurt my shin on
that last shot that mean Casey did I
wouldn't get it on this camera maybe
I'll Sam uh-huh yeah
I'm gonna get Sam to send me that put
that clip in right now I hurt my shin
right now warning apparently Shays
brother Casey thinks it's funny to swear
so there's profanity in this clip what
is with these guys
all right you guys check it out it is
live our urban shredder video it was a
blast it's like four dudes hanging out
racing all day we had a good time case
dude what's better than four dudes
hanging out racing all day I don't know
I don't think there's much better all
right click on the link right now go
check it out you guys please thumbs it
up and favorite it and you know tickle
it we like when you tickle it take all
our video tickle okay see you guys hey
you guys I am really sorry I got to
apologize for my editor Shane yeah he's
really a negative Nancy sometimes going
to soup anyways hey really appreciate
you guys watching our vlogs check out
yesterday's vlog and please por favor
click on that feeling lucky button right
now and go see the urban shredder video
go see the final cut of what we created
it was a lot of fun it basically when it
came down to it it was me my brother
Casey his son gage and my son son tard
hanging out 4 dudes
racing around on toys all day nothing
nothing better than that I'll tell you
what I love you guys Oh guess what we'll
see you tomorrow
