hi I'm log in here so the new moms beef
roll just came out and guess who loved
it you like that video outside you like
it using mom pretty cool guys huh
you think I'm pretty cool click mom I'm
busy watching this for the ninth time
okay okay if you guys haven't seen the
new promo for the moms but you should go
check it out because I feel like I look
pretty cool right yeah like totes like
mission impossible anyway she'll get out
who's on the balance wow she's so good I
love the haircut I think it's so cute
- I'm working here
so I'm actually really loving baby turns
hair I think because it makes her look
younger and I feel like she's not
growing up as fast
I love it what do you guys think of the
girls hair okay guys so I'm getting
super close to having this baby today
has been a really hard day I think I've
been extra tired I feel extra heavy and
I've been having a lot of breaths and
Hicks contractions so I'm hoping that
they're doing some things down there as
far as right now I'm still pregnant and
feeling really hot and heavy but it
could happen anytime soon so cross your
fingers guys the only thing is I don't
want to come on the 19th because we have
a big day on the 19th we have a swim me
and trunk-or-treat and I would hate to
ruin that for the kids by having a baby
like that would ruin it but you know
what I mean
I don't I don't know you can't plan
these things though you just got to go
with it so
for sure
lovely darling lovely little high
newsreaders Dodd like what are you doing
he's quite finestra he's so confused
right now
you know how like you know old ladies
have poodles or those little dogs we
just follow them around everywhere they
go like growing up my mom had a Maltese
she always had a Maltese and that dog
would follow her everywhere that's why
every one of a that's what he is to me
all right it is not a tiny multi huge no
matter what I do where I go in the house
he'll just follow me if I like start
doing something he'll just lay down our
next I'm glad that you love it cuz when
you're gone e does it to me it drives me
crazy yes I love him like stop following
me I'm going to the bathroom um he goes
do that like you trying to take you dump
me like six head we don't throw you
anyone doesn't it fit we doing just like
a movement
hahahaha he super confusing about the
bike like I got in the fight we kept
trying to bite my feet keep sniffing it
looking at the wheel I got a boost up my
shear loss I only lost point four pounds
wrong lost ten pounds
Ron and a drop in advance Ron lost ten
pounds on me to cheat over and I only
lost point four that's pretty amazing
go on so I've decided that every night
or bed I'm gonna do 30 minutes on this
bike okay that'll help brother here put
some resistance on there don't get me on
touch the wheel that I Laurie you
brother comes up here what's this right
here
come here B but no weirdo come here get
over show right now I'll come by you go
run away go right away oh here comes a
dog you balls be a miracle
Oh punch punch
can I have the baby now yeah let's call
the baby come on board
don't be exciting miss Club baby
yeah I'm sick of this 101 Oh old no way
different cue I'm Chris old baby is like
an old rusty baby come on ooh baby
where's our no baby or nobody on baby
where's my new baby you better give me
an impaired yeah I want a new Vegas I
want a new baby we're good ha ha he's
crazy I know it's just crazy hey Carly
Styles got some kids that have learned
the wall all right let's see it some
have it different than others that's
more of a March where's your walk mommy
tired let's see it probably wants to do
the pregnant walk see rock cards Oh
spinner ruski okay so we are headed to
the Disney Store in the mall to pick out
some Halloween costumes for the girls
yeah they're scary well they're we're
not getting your Halloween costume the
Disney
we're going to get the girls all right
there they go we know with the girls
princess costumes and the way over here
the kids were talking about what was for
school lunch what do you guys have for
school lunch the splendid princess
starts like hey Sondra did you read
what's on the school lunch menu for
tomorrow and it reminded me of when I
moved from Phoenix Arizona to Tremont in
Utah what you guys have to wrestle for
it you have to fight to the death
there's only one that's one they want
how do you ask
would you find some bee cars for
Halloween yeah I told the girls but if
they want to guess we can get a
religious need for because they usually
last longer than the cheap ones that you
get about and they're probably the same
price Halloween stores are expensive
ridiculously expensive bravery because
we lived in Phoenix Arizona all the food
was like frozen who knows like frozen
pizza frozen chicken tenders was always
something they reheated and then we
moved from Phoenix because that's where
my dad graduated DeVry higher Institute
of Technology he got a job in Idaho so
on the interim from moving from Phoenix
to Idaho where my dad got his job we
lived in Tremont Utah and there it was
like green beans from the garden the
cafeteria lady
would bring green beans from her garden
they would make homemade mashed potatoes
and gravy potatoes from the farmers
field
that's the lady the lunch cafeteria lady
would bring in they would cut up these
real potatoes and mashed potatoes and
gravy and me in case you were like this
best school lunch ever so do any of you
live in a small town where you have like
real Whole Foods that they make for your
school lunch or do they just like reheat
the frozen pizza what do you guys having
on your lunch menu for tomorrow chicken
nuggets chicken nuggets reheated I bet
not even from real chickens I bet you
they're from those nugget animals that
run around
what do you want what do you want yeah
sure you can get it anything you want
okay it's just money and spoiling towing
cars such a bully with a Lafitte oh well
I thought we were gonna like tape him to
his head as his costume that was his
costume good I thought were a costume
shopping here hey rock hard we're gonna
tape those to your head and you're gonna
be a car for Halloween okay I'll hold it
for you
we're being accosted by some people in
the Disney Store they came up and asked
for $100
are you guys okay what are your names
Bridget Haley Peyton firing hi guys
fiery you're so cute fiery Byron you've
got your name and Haiti Oh like you're
going to Hades if you don't repent of
your sins okay I'm just made I'm messing
with you
rocker come say hi to these guys he was
showing them his maid her car do you
guys think we should tape these two rock
cards head for his Halloween costume you
think I'd be a good costume oh that's a
good idea
dude Shh our viewers shown up here in
real life helping us come up with
outfits for Halloween costumes I think
that's a good idea like put like a real
racetrack around his head like it's a
hat anywhere's these we put these on you
guys are smart mini - I like the
racetrack right there he can wear one of
this genius you guys are awesome well
thanks for saying hi you know just
giving you give me a crab bro all right
I think we might have found the outfit
you want to be that for Halloween do you
be like your grandpa Eugene you could be
a fighter pilot
what kind of we need to get him like a
full flat jacket let's see dude
do you like that you can't stop looking
at all the toy yeah what do you think I
think you should be I don't know I could
get hot in that know what's gonna be
dude you need to make a decision what do
you want to be huh
would be spider-man what about Iron Man
look dude look at this what if your iron
man you wanna be Iron Man we hunted pick
Spider Man Iron Man a pilot what do you
think jacket so choice to see a man what
about you dude we're gonna be for
Halloween
yeah husband here school you want to be
something bloody and scary down yet oh
he's getting old it's getting dangerous
wider me okay let's go put your coat
back if you don't to be that alright
outfit number two guys I fell over there
don't worry about it you want to be
spider-man look at that dude get out of
kiss oh
do you like that one want to be that
while you spider-man yeah that cool huh
there's a parent pro tip if you can get
him to like this we might even be able
to kill two birds with one stone and get
him a winter coat and a Halloween
costume you know I'm saying like hey
you're spider-man and we'd have to buy
you a coat for winter this year see how
smart I am always thinking always
thinking probably you wants to be that
one I think we're gonna play end up
getting this gonna be this dude here I
think that's what you're gonna be for
Halloween
alright do we find out what we're
getting let's see
she's getting these boots this is the
new princess frozen I guess which we
haven't seen yet eat come out yet hasn't
even come out yet that new movie frozen
she's the frozen princess you are so
ahead of your time baby tard
we'll see those boots gorgeous let's see
you have a cape and a dress oh my this
is fantastic look at those sweet
I am having like overjoy attack right
now I can't even hardly stand myself and
we got golden slippers me oh my I'm
about to have a freakout oh I want to
sway something and this is the dress the
princess heart is getting is it a bell
dress there goes the Baker with his
dream Mike always bread and rose to say
you're the true Belle okay $7,500 later
we got some Halloween outfits for the
Disney Store is expansive but not that
much more expensive than a Halloween
store do you think honestly I may last
longer the hell insurance really cheap
yeah it's like they have these Halloween
store dresses they're like 50 bucks you
know right we've been to a Halloween
store ridiculously expensive and they're
cheap after one night of trigger
treating their giant tourism and the
girls had to get their own bands you
know because they're shopping and they
went fast even their shopping
I'm going to smack that attitude out of
you when we get home just so you guys
know there's gonna be a lot of attitude
smacking going on remember what I said
the other day you guys that's our
favorite not a brand endorsement by the
Shaytards
you've always loved those did you get
those on our very very first date I
don't know
it functions I remember I'm a lot more
any you would remember no I don't let me
Oh baby I'm a salt and vinegar kind of
guy are you guys enjoying your dinner
daddy was in charge of dinner tonight
quick and easy and kind of healthy a
little bit you got a healthy salad there
yeah it's just cleanin some excited
action they introduced you two from the
top and action may I introduce you to
the lovely ladies this evening
Pizza stars I'm baked with bed and
winter or frost snowball
I think it's frostbite frostbite her
toes are falling off gangrene gangrene
get out here princess is the duty to
introduce to what lots at all not at all
oh yeah that's good do a dance not
oughta Tata Tata Tata Lhasa yn we're
doing the princesses right now get out
of here
lost dog ha ha ha ha ha watch our dance
with her dance rock turn no you have two
dancers wrong turn
I am the cameraman rock to our dance
with your sister look look at Sunter la
da Dada
Tata Tata Tata long gone
oh please up Danny Rock darn you're
making your day feel bad she's so
hahahahaha
dad's your sister he's like more of a
freestyle kind of dancer maybe tard look
he's dancing great names aren't get out
there alright you've such a gentleman
son tard such a gentleman
loud new doo doo dee doo dee doo doo doo
doo I long for the dip la Tata Tata
dude it's Brinson pandemonium in here
princess Bona Mona um do you like your
dress
I miss your shoes all right so these are
your Halloween costumes you like them
okay
I think Sun tardes teaching the girls to
dance such a gentleman step step back
maybe tired pull up your dress let me
see your boots doo doo like you know how
they they you know like how they pull
but you know am I talking about
no I'm talking about like the princess
right they pull up one side of their
dress as they dance they don't talk
about there you go
I like your boots those are cute thank
you I like the sleeves on that alright
princes pandemonium's over it's time to
brush your teeth and get in bed you're
very pretty
all right look is in trouble he chewed
up something he got yelled out my mommy
cards hey guys you guys tomorrow want to
fly like a bird
okay ready free like a bird the only
Flyway letter deer near near near oh wow
see you guys tomorrow
quite the crazy handful we have don't we
you know we need I think we need to add
another one yeah let's just throw
another one into the mix why not the
more the merrier a few days that will be
the case a mami tarde will birth the
child with her loins welcome to the end
slate if this is your first time on a
Shaytards and slate where you been
suckas we've been making videos for 5
years there are six entertainment
options that you can click right on your
screen here at the end slate you can
click on yesterday's vlog because we've
been making a video every single day for
the last four and a half years if you're
feeling lucky I usually like to surprise
you with something sneaky there and if
you want to see what the Shaytards are
doing exactly on this day one two three
and four years ago click on those
corresponding numbers and you know check
out the links in the description below
scripts just don't distrib did I say
description honey
you want a strip I gotta go you guys
she's gonna strip what she's pregnant
that's inappropriate
I love you see tomorrow
