hi I'm login here hey guys so it's hare
doing time of that kala here I'll uh
she's like the only person I dressed
hoping that you're her turns over them
hahahahaha
so I know it looks like I'm being black
but I'm not it's gonna be just a look at
darker brown for fall I'm not gonna tell
you that I found gray hairs but I may
have I may have found gray hair I'm only
31 and I have I found three gray hairs
in my hair and I'm not freaking out I
always thought that I'd be one of those
people that I was like I'm going to
accept the coming of age gracefully and
I'm like gray hair so anyways I'm just
getting my hair did I haven't had her do
like dye my hair and a really long time
so I'm excited all right princess chard
and what did dad say finally about your
hair he did what do you want to do I
finally gave in to I was like fine do
whatever you want but I made them ask
dad to just just so maybe he wouldn't
force who what I really want no he said
the same thing whatever you want so
she's gonna cut bangs right so what kind
of things do you want exactly like like
I want to get to those two funds but
you're too cool let me do that so I'm
too cool no I said you can do whatever
you want if you look like this just like
just cut straight across
alright hmm I'm nervous I'm not gonna
lie but cute either way because you're
always horrible you're annoying though
you think I'm annoying well at least
you're honest and since we said they can
do whatever they want what is baby
talking to do what are you gonna do baby
tard Hey how short
wellhow shirt show me what you want now
she's starting to second-guess are you
second-guessing yourself
told her I was like you gotta know it's
not gonna grow back fast it's gonna take
a long time so if you don't like it
you're gonna have to wait a really long
time for it to grow back and she's dead
set on cutting it so nobody knows the
Sorbo I sing nobody knows my trial baby
Todd you're gonna make me cry please
don't cut your beautiful hair all right
I told the girls it's their hair I can
do what they want with it I'll still
love them princess char come here let's
see those bangs though fatty bangs can
she donate it is it long enough
oh my little sassy stats Orson look at
that sassy mix a sorcerer's no sassy no
gummy bears for sassy with brassy Sun
Tzu's baby turn you sure all right there
we go
no one link so now is your first haircut
no no it's my second we got her hair
short did you I don't cuz I remembering
that in the hospital vlog when they came
to see rocked hard
remember how short it was oh yeah okay
she's got herself so it does grow back I
forget that it grows back hey are you
sure look she's climbing Mount gummy
bear I make you something to eat yeah
I'm in charge of my own life I'm an
adult I bought those gummy bears
never use mommy's is my money okay I go
yeah your mom's a gold digger did you
know that
chicas mother when not need matches it
go nigga
yes need and she's a gold digger wave it
down then did owe me mother but not me
and she's a trifling when they need and
she's a gold digger
it's good that hair speaking of gold
Goldilocks
probably not enough what do you need to
have 10 inches yeah how long is that
what's your comb how do you measure
that's it yeah well we'll cut it and see
if we can donate it who would like to
have baby tarts hair you would okay
we'll put it in a baggie and you can
take it home with you you want to keep
it there we go daddy's sad you cooking
when you cook in there mommy car kids
over there there we go
big moment
snip snip snip snip snip snip snip snip
there it goes there it goes oh it looks
ugly Oh baby truck you're gonna regret
that decision there it is
do you like it you sure still turn back
we can hide that yeah well I will
freshen up what's going on in here son
tired like Anna hell this is gonna be
cute yeah
be cute oh it's happening is this like
the Helen Hunt is that what is that is
this a haircut Helen Hunt have short
hair no I'm getting weird looks getting
weird looks from the chicks not don't
know I don't know what I'm talking about
Rapunzel
you've lost your power good job Rapunzel
now you're just a weakling was short
later ah like Samson when he cut your
hair Samson lost all of his power power
she does let's punch her make her cry oh
hey Helen Hunt looking cute looking
sassy I can't wait to see the after
excited to cut it love you I finally
gave in I was like it's your hair do
what you want with it I'll still love
you a little laughs but I still love you
does it I had a mom made time on the
table ganger rager what you've been
doing with your life huh how are you how
are you you're five what have you done
with your life so far you achieved
anything
oh well that's pretty good hot top for
that going to the bowling alley that's
plus ten life points right there always
watching YouTube videos there's Austin
you guys remember in the vlog where we
shoot in that Carly Stiles video watch
the smart watches her oh it's not go
yeah here comes here
that wasn't even planned you guys that
wasn't even in the script that was
ad-lib they were just doing that part
where they're eating the burgers I
thought I was like off set and I had my
wig off and I'm bragging right now I
thought what if I just ran in there just
scream I want a burger so I hurried and
I put my wig in and I ran in and those
when those chicks scream they genuinely
were scared because they had no idea I
was gonna come in so if you go back and
you watch that video and you watch
Brittany's face she was like really
scream Carly freaked out dude on
telephony tell them the don't be that
pregnant chick video when I ran in yeah
jump down the burgers it was funny Zeke
come here buddy it grosses me out
you wanna gag you know when you get a
hair in your mouth oh gosh what do you
think is that crazy no your hair looks
fine Oh knock it off your little brat
I'll kick in the face all right
yes beautiful do you like it do you like
it
Hey look cute I know it looks cuter
after you oh right my dad oh look how
much more cuter it is that is way cuter
do you like it yeah turn around that's
safe I like it turn around give me a
full rotation she's like a little baby
what do you tell your aunt Kaylee give
her a hug and a kiss both of you girls
you guys better tell her this is oh
thank you aunt Kaylee that's so nice
we don't pay Kaylee when she cuts our
hair so you guys have to subscribe to
our channel that's the only way we pay
her we have free haircuts if you guys
subscribe to hey Kaylee right so I can
deal you guys go subscribe to hey
Kaling's I don't you pay for your yeah
save me some money
hey have you been to the bowling alley
lately what's going on over here you
guys having an atom mom a party yeah dad
is that where the atom aimer goes after
you eat it just throw it on the table
these two little boys eating out of
mommy
you guys were healthy you love it there
are they gone off to live their short
haired dreams and the land of short hair
Ville where everything was cute and
sassy and there were so many bangs bangs
for days cute ones cute and sassy ones
alright yeah let the girls cut their
hair what do I care
it'll grow back eventually I just like
long hair I'm a long hair guy that's why
I fell in love with my princess my brown
hair Rapunzel yes what is this is
weird ah thanks for watching today's
vlog check out yesterday's vlog it was
one take Sunday you guys probably saw it
already because you guys are so cool
click on that feeling lucky button you
clean unlucky hey punk you feeling lucky
Oh Anna you know if you wanna see what
the Shaytards do one two three and four
years ago click all those buttons and
now I'm gonna go force Zeke to wear a
baby tarred wig see you tomorrow
