all right one take Sunday has begun I
have this new thing like right as we get
home from church it's almost like you
know because I taught a lesson today
in church and that's stress you know
anytime you have to speak in front of
people I taught a lesson to probably 40
different people and our church and it's
you know how it is we have to give like
a public presentation it's stressful and
when you're done it's kind of like whoa
let have that over with and it's like
Sunday and I want to just relax
what are you complaining about you
didn't have to give a lesson anyway it's
like as soon as we get home like the
last couple one-take Sundays I'm like oh
now if you do want to take Sunday I'm
like what are we gonna do it may be like
will all change but I decided like no
mister as soon as we go home I'm turning
on the camera and we're making a one
take Sunday I don't care that's why I
say we just turn on the camera even if
there's a naked baby in the kitchen
taking his church clothes off
Oh can't show their hair we have the
vlog tomorrow that footage of them
cutting their hair
we can't baby turn and Princess hard
cannot be in today's one takes Sunday
get out of here we have to keep the
suspense in tomorrow see mine right it's
not that big of a chase mommy serves it
hurt her thank you so good I know man
the batteries are about to die
here talk to them I'm gonna grab two
double-a batteries okay well I love
making rice on Sundays because
everybody's super hungry when they go
home from church and it just fills the
house with this awesome so I made roast
this is the rose yeah it's a Saturday so
we haven't well the kids didn't and che
haven't even wait a minute aren't you
gonna pray first yeah
all right turn it off and your back lot
I just turned on this camera
oh you can't look at maybe tards hair
you can't look at it can't look at it I
didn't grab Tucker turn that camera off
I got a new camera turned on we'll split
the clicks turn it off and you're back
live online no you cannot be they have
to wait till tomorrow to see your hair
it's a surprise tomorrow's the haircut
vlog you can't see it right now don't
look
stay low stay low nobody's didn't even
see your hair dude it's not so good in
here does it look good doesn't look the
best you know imagine this like you ever
go to your grandma's house and you walk
in and she's been cooking a roast like
all afternoon and right as you walk in
you're like oh that's not so good
this right as we walked in from church I
wish I had the camera rolling because
every one of us all the kids included
they're like oh it's no good and then
Prince Lestat ran into the kitchen
because she wanted to have the first
smell and she was like I'm the first one
in the kitchen all right what take
Sunday does any have anything to say
baby tarred everything to say what thank
you oh did you cry yeah it's not hard to
make mommy turkey fried these days all
these tears have been welling up inside
this general area are you ready
are you ready to come out yet dude it
gonna happen soon I saw a bunch of
comments and I didn't know this here
film for me only thing my tie off a lot
of people were saying that it's Zeke you
think was smelling Colet stomach well I
think were to say and that means you
didn't have the baby any day and
and I saw another comment last night
that said tell mommy tardy Indian food
that will speed up process and she had
Indian food last night
yeah she didn't read that comment
Collette ordered Indian food and then I
was in the comments of the vlog and
people are saying Zeke sniffing her
belly that means she's gonna have it
that somebody else said tone up Indian
food so she can have this big any day
now I was craving it and it was
literally 9:30 lesson she ordered
takeout playing through are they open
I'm getting it I'm excited her due dates
not till the 22nd but it's not and today
I went to church and like two of my
friends that were pregnant at the same
time have had their babies this week
tomorrow sorry what's the guy's family
after it's just somebody he walked out
to his track and they're driving too he
moved yeah there's a family in our ward
in our church that's moving to Utah
today because it's cheaper they can
barely afford a one apartment bedroom
here and they're moving to Utah and
moving into a four bedroom house paid
for not telling you that it's our baby's
hard that's tomorrow
we have a bunch of hair cut cut footage
they might show them today no then I'll
ruin nobody will watch tomorrow this
video your hair doesn't look like it's
that cut Kaylee came over last night and
cut the girl's hair I told the girls
whatever I don't care if your hair okay
yeah update us on your life how's the
sugar thing going dude yep that's true
it's faster Testament in it okay so what
he's talking about is one Sunday a month
in our church we fast we go the first
Sunday right the first name every month
we go without food for two meals and one
you fast it makes you more humble we
believe that that humility because you
are without food makes you more aligned
and able to hear the still small voice
of God and also we take the money that
we would have used for those two meals
and we donate it to what is called the
fast offering which helps people in our
area that are less fortunate so we take
the money that we would have spent on
those two meals and we give it to the
church to distribute to people who are
less fortunate and don't have food so
it's a cool program baby turns get out
of here yeah mommy turns been eaten like
a monster mommy had seven years of corn
here comes the annoying three-year-old
alright dinnertime you guys we'll see
you guys tomorrow
yeah nobody wants to see you maybe turn
nobody cares about baby tard
okay bye guys I will see you tomorrow we
I have some hair cutting footage and
we'll start a new week it's brand new
week brand new week to bake your lap the
best it is okay yeah and that's one
takes Sunday yes No we don't want to see
it get out of here we love you guys
thanks for being part of our lives for
watching our videos join Shay tober
we're doing a diet that way and it
starts tomorrow okay I love you bye
see you baby sorry see you later okay
you be in the video now okay bye see you
guys tomorrow
