hi I'm login here is your house like
this in the mornings let's go let's go
let's go the bus is leaving it's time to
go to school right now come on get in
the car some time in my house was like
out in the morning but it's Friday and
we can party on Friday that's excited
Freddie let's go to Disneyland nope not
today sorry mom might walk in those
Disneyland hallways no way
hey you ready Taylor Swift pink pants on
where would you want wear what you want
it's all good hey are you ready for
school so your dad told you to ask your
teacher for eggs for homework so you can
practice with your new desk right well I
think you have plenty of a book report
coming are you ready to go stop what do
you do yeah okay my gosh spill something
on my belly again okay that gets pokey
snake dude are you gonna freakin have
that baby anytime soon I'm getting sick
and tired of going to these doctors
appointments feeling fat having
heartburn not being able to sleep at
night listening to you whine all the
time freaking poop that baby out already
Oh daddy's in trouble do i whine what is
my nipple have a nipple that is that is
right there on the tip of my net ah
tickles
alright so we're here at the doctor's
office and rocked hard said we had the
movie dad because whenever we go to the
movie theater we go to one of these
parking structures so he associates
parking structures with movies
I said no way actually no all right that
is that's where we get mugged come back
that's the scary grudge come back we are
gonna see a movie of the baby are we
seeing a baby 3d ultrasound thing today
see I said I'm just gonna reach my hand
up there and grab that baby's leg and
rip it out come on give me that baby I'm
on your debit it wanna get it I know
that we're checking to see if I'm
violated so ooh that's exciting
that means if she's dilated that means
though it means the tunnel is opening a
Texas yep the tunnel is opening stamp it
let's go see this is the doctor baby
dance super Roger baby dance to do the
Russian yeah
oh my goodness
and we're crazy in the red corner
weighing in at 218 pounds oh that make
that joke last oh wow
always making fat jokes okay let's see
how much you weigh that's up thank you
leave your shoes one you know take your
shoes off okay
oh that weighs in the way sorry guys
I'll go out electric 30 pounds 32 32 32
pounds dude that's awesome that's really
good we bounce yes that's like right yes
that's good
I have been lifting more often new shoes
let's go yeah it's so precious all right
so let's go over a few things okay are
you guys ready so here we have what oh
you can't look up there there's nothing
to see up there bro trust me you don't
want to look up there Oh three-year-old
which is my ring whatever he this is
educational for him all right I'm gonna
take his blood pressure dirty rock darn
mmm get us kicked out of the hospital
all right just finish with the doctor
she's checked Colette and she is dilated
to lies she's dilated to a1 she has to
get to a 10 before the baby comes out so
we're on the way
we're like a week week and a half away
from having this baby yeah she said
don't expect it next week for you never
okay update to our lives here's what
we're doing in our lives
apparently we have to make a practice
run to the hospital that's Italian for
Hospital megalast eat a lot I would
never even think I would never even let
that cross my mind California we are not
in a small town we will get lost
look at this big building building so we
are going right now right left we are
making a practice run to the hospital so
we know exactly where to go when the
baby comes and is this like one of the
biggest hospitals in the nation babe yep
pretty left here we are
I want to biggest hospitals in the
nation check it out look how big it is
see all that care being given with all
that healing play all these people are
smart doctors nurses that guy went to
Harvard up with this lady about to get
run over by my truck all kinds of stuff
it's like an airport they have like one
through five parking sections p100
excite excited look at these balloons
I'm excited yes balloons she must be
going to cheer somebody up that's fun
I'm slightly nervous as I want to make
sure that we get here when we need to
get here on time without any hassle
there will be no hassle because there's
never hassle in LA traffic ever this is
a hassle-free baby delivery my friend
this is the worst part about living in
LA with
giant truck barely barely reaches
underneath a parking structure I'm gonna
make it it's always very tight indeed I
think we fit though just barely people
behind us are looking at me funny
check it out valet I'm gonna valet dude
when you're having the baby hey we're in
a freakin valet man this is awesome
Leonel a can you valet at the hospital
my shorter than antenna okay a little
bit I let some air out of the tires
right there okay thanks sir
appreciate it plant antennas hitting
them thingies I think the stress of just
being in this garage just gonna dial
eight Colette higher this just like
metal screws and pipes everywhere
sticking up libraries have to breathe
and just hose well I can't look
I seriously the antenna is hitting the
top and the truck is barely fit no like
cause they're phone ringing like you're
being crushed out of the car and run
this guy he's running all he's running
over all these plastic fittings Oh
trucks in California only ripped a few
of them off bro nice oh geez she's
yelling at him to look this lady's
yelling at him do you want to park and
actually go upstairs I know where to
call we see it there's no way we're cool
bro we're gonna leave we're gonna go out
we're gonna leave we gotta go at some
lunch
tell me after park now she's saying you
have to have the baby right now
you can't leave we actually cannot leave
look there's quite the ordeal happening
now there's traffic right there's
traffic piling up behind us this truck
is stuck is this fun wish you could be
here wait you are
I love husk here we go we're gonna make
it out of here
all right I just turned on the camera
during a real life Shay and Colette
fight you guys ready for this
we're fighting disagreement and I just
had a parent o epiphany you ever had a
parent ol epiphany all that girl just
dropped her chip I feel bad
she had cool ranch Dorito and she
dropped it she looked at it like she
wanted to go yeah I saw I'm starving
right now huh is that bad like cool
ranch Dorito down there's a cool ranch
Dorito at 12:30 that is down on the
ground
no Cool Ranch Doritos are delicious
they're actually Colette's favorite ship
if you didn't know that aren't they they
are your favorite huh okay because I
love you listen here's the fight I want
to go see that new movie with Tom Hanks
Captain Smith tonight which is a great I
want to go see it too however we have
port get do we need to take the kids to
that movie I know I know I need a little
drama in their lives where they learn
how to like capture boats I am against
taking against of pg-13 movies unless
you've already seen it and you know what
totes back so here's what I said I will
raise to the kids you raised two of the
kids and we'll see which to turn better
let's really what if we did that what do
I said can I get two you get two I need
to do things my way you do things your
way and we'll see which to turn out just
like like yeah you pick - I pick - I'll
take Rob tart and princess tart you take
son tart and baby tart okay
well we already know it's better my kids
are gonna try out way better way cooler
way more daring way tougher we are more
daring you pick the two third just like
you it's true it's true
Oh anyways we're fighting so we're gonna
go find sequel Ranch Doritos Ralph I can
you tell me really how we're gonna go
fight salad some kale cuz we live in Los
Angeles message eat here eat kale ha ha
you're gonna love it
that's where we take Zeke to the doggie
care place oh I know where we're at now
that's where you buy marijuana anytime
you see one of these in LA that means
that's where you can buy pot they try to
make it look like you know it's a
medical sign right like oh hell this is
healthy for them get your healthy drugs
turn
right you guys check it out these are
one of those star buses we're like star
line or you go around try to see
celebrities I'm famous
I favor take my pictures check out on
you to my famous so famous riders got
twelve really like you thank for they
were wait but they're like oh hi
remember the neighbors were talking
about that is one of here's one of the
crazy people to our right they said
rolling I said rolling yes
movie set there's a movie happening
right now we're not stay active and I
bet you there's all these people who
start moving around in this case an
extra hair is acting like yes too little
okay let's see what happens
background there we go he's moving cars
moving tow trucks moving all these
people are walking through these are all
extras walking through right now
there's the actor
he just cussed oh they're towing his car
yeah that's part of the movie maybe it's
part of them just go with it
babe are you looking at on your problem
we're vlogging yeah what are you doing
I'm looking at our diet better seeing
how many people join our diet man we
only have 600 people jillian michaels
has 8,000 road chili Michael's always
wins so I'm a - a loss video we're
talking about a yesterday
600 of you guys enjoying the diet vent
which is cool there's nothing against
you 600 people Jillian Michaels has
8,000 guess Jillian Michaels is just
better he's doing my diet that can I
join cuz I'm gonna lose that'd be
cheating I think it would be dude you'd
win money but I'd be cheating
sorry eyes achene you lose the weight
just because it comes out of you in the
form of a human being that's not
cheating I don't think that's against
Terms of Service just because they give
that in the form of a human that's right
I'm going to have a human come out of me
that's weird when you think about that
way and they you should join me join you
help me beat Jillian Michaels I will I
will help you
Jillian seriously nothing on eBay you
can win money and we need that money
promise Navy
you guys join the diet Mac please please
please help us beat Jillian like it's
going
cool and it's just against yourself
right it's like it's like it's so easy
imagine that your goal if you reach it
you lose 4% you get your money back it's
like okay if ten people came to this
table said okay I'll bet you 30 bucks
that I could lose four percent of my
body weight in 30 days and that's easy
I'm 190 pounds it's barely even eight
pounds in a month to lose eight pounds
of them in a month is easy
so imagine all ten of us put in thirty
bucks at 300 bucks if all nine of my
friends fail and they don't lose the
four percent then I get all three
hundred dollars the pot there's eighteen
thousand dollars in the pot right now
then you get your money back to us
whatever other people I know right but
if you don't lose the four percent and
you lose your money and your money just
stays in the pot and if you're who lost
their four percent they get to split
that money up so it's like if half of
the people lose it in half of the people
don't have people that don't they lose
their money and the other half get to
split it looks like you're ten of us put
in three thirty bucks apiece and that's
a $300 pot and half of them don't then
that means five of us get to split three
hundred bucks right so then we get more
than our money back we're the dietbet
you guys must be Jillian
what do you say Guth mom's got a lot of
muscles see a lot of muscles rock-hard
you see how strong he is he's a really
big guy we're watching shades loss pity
Oh check it out Oh daddy what he'll do
see that's strong scares I can turn the
movie on I'm done watching YouTube
videos thank you crazy Eddie's gonna
lose ha ha come on chop chop one who
come on watch it come on come on Mikey
come on little ridiculous yeah make the
jump bro you can do it come on run
and shut your freaking mouth like I'm so
good okay still licking my belly
there must be something on my belly
today that's cute do it Friday next
traders all the jump was above it I
think he just made your bed his home
princess guard and mommy Todd's gonna
have a baby bear soon you never know
like this could get frustrating it's
like she's dilated to a1 so she could
have it in you know two days you never
know how they'll progress or it can take
another three weeks did you guys know
that Jackie Chan was in the womb three
months extra Ron just told me that today
I had no idea not nine ten them that's
like he was in his mom's belly for a
year is that true
anybody know that about Jackie Chan
that's crazy so hopefully she has the
baby soon don't start tweeting me where
is that baby I don't know it's in the
baby sack still when it comes out I'll
let you know I remember when the rock
card was like a little bit late people
would be like getting mad in the
comments and the vlogs what is the baby
here yet say it's like yell at the baby
Oh yell at me I have no control over it
a lot of you guys check out yesterday's
vlog click on that feeling lucky button
and if you want to see what the shade
hearts are doing one two three and four
years ago click on those corresponding
numbers and help me beat Jillian you
guys join the diet bad see you tomorrow
