hi I'm login here hello good morning
it's a song I think it's called hello
good moral good you guys I'm nervous
do you see him is he here I'm freaking
nervous you guys we're working out with
the strongest guy on youtube today um
you'll have to go check out the shayloss
video but we were watching videos me and
Ron while we were like planning out Shay
Tober and I'm like dude check this guy
out
Logan my little brother Logan showed me
this guy right like by a couple months
ago I was like he's like shake him and
look at this guy I was like holy crap so
then the other day I was showing Ron
this guy's videos his name's Kali muscle
Darius I see him in the white hoodie see
her
where right here he's buying up palm
tree you can't see him he's as big as a
tree I told her honest I do what if we
made videos with this guy so Ron's like
I'll contact him I'm backing up right
now you see him he's that's that is
truck do we could talk about trucks
together like truck guys and so Ron
contacted this guy and now we're going
to make a video with them and I'm
nervous
he is huge this guy is ripped out of his
mind and he can do muscle ups so he's
gonna try to teach me how to do muscle
ups that's one of my goals for Shay
Tober are you ready for this he's gonna
probably kill us he's gonna push for the
best workout of our lives
we're gonna be sore for the next three
weeks after this but we're here at my
famed Santa Monica rings I am happy to
be any time I'm in their presence I feel
joy in my heart all right let's go meet
Kali Kali muscle subscribe to him you
guys go subscribe to him and tell him
Shaytards Sencha yeah I know good
morning here we go
limes a set of funny things I turn the
camera back on come on say Ron Ron say
it see what you said I think our
children's children are gonna be sore
after this workout our posterity is
gonna be filling this one oxide what do
you think jingles are scary huh looks
like your mom in the morning doesn't it
it's like I don't really know and I
think we're stop writing some errands
I'm getting some like a little lamp for
the baby's room
I need a soft
lamb for the baby's room so that's what
I was getting in this cue it's just a
little lamp oh sorry I dragged you guys
into this I know none of you really care
but I do so I'm going to tell you about
it okay
are you scared in this aisle should we
keep going what do you want to be for
Halloween you ought to be that that's
scary what about that is that scary or
is that just cute scare snowman I guess
they do look like snowmen don't they oh
those are skeletons and pumpkins okay so
we just wrapped on the workout here down
at the santa monica rings it's the
nerves kicking yeah it's scary scary you
shadow release it we're trying to do
these what the little Shea bars we call
them remember and a few of few weeks ago
I was trying one of these and I ate it
I missed that dart bar and I hit the
ground we're working on these right now
with Kali so check out the workout it'll
be up on shayloss we're working on those
muscle ups baby
we'll get you let's get some pull-ups
going around sir no sir
I'm actually more intimidated now after
today like it's like it's tough man
these are really hard you got it you got
it
oh nice you're getting it you build out
that was it here we go buddy oh you
better run you better run
oh he had it he had it 240 pounds of
pure muscle
ladies and gentlemen pure muscle can get
hurt that he's human you bleed to rip
that skin oh yeah so good some Epsom
salt oh no no what you got on the shake
I think I'd be swings we change the
neighborhood dive swing more like over
him noodles noodles noodles noodles
sauce sauce sauce also speak a great
disturbance in every sip every services
are
but you're not eating what you're not
eating me oh well you're so beautiful
yeah okay then we are making dinner
we're having noodles we were I'm gonna
have Kaylee come over and cut the girl's
hair and my hair and stop like that I'm
not cutting cutting it just trimming it
you know how I usually do anyways she
couldn't come because she's feeling
really sick and I totally understand how
that feels when you're preggos his first
three months are killer but we're still
gonna have noodles and it's gonna be
awesome
yeah we're having steak day oh we're
having spaghetti sauce with bow ties you
guys like my tablecloth look it's
Halloween I have loved getting my house
decorated for just living here and
Halloween and I just feels good to
finally kind of be a little bit better
cuz I really wanted to be so baby oh
hello who are you are you Julius Caesar
in a purple robe oh not the Saturday
next Saturday photography so we're gonna
have to go Halloween shopping some
people say they can put on the roof to
make it work finally uh okay you heard
it from princess stars we're gonna kill
some dead people to put on the roof all
right guys this happen try this on to
come see what are you doing you guys I
forgot to tell you thank you so much for
going and supporting my girlfiend my
sister's band because they were able to
make it into the top 50 which means they
will qualify for the grand prize thank
you so much I'm so happy and I'm so
excited there's another one of her songs
in case you couldn't hear it but it's
really good you guys should would check
about my fare fiend on YouTube and they
had a new home amount that's awesome
thank you so much for supporting
ha we just saw somebody we knew on the
side of the road and we were yelling out
the window and Ron lost his hat we had
to run back and get it
hmm come on Ronnie did you get your hat
that's the worst Billy we just saw some
guy we knew and Ron stuck his head out
and said and a that is happily long it's
so funny you guys
it isn't that hilarious can't beat her
you guys see this West fest TV parking
only all others will be towed that means
Snoop Dogg's at maker studios today that
is insane to think that a company that I
helped start one day Snoop Dogg would be
at that location making some content
that blows my mind it blows my snoop
diggity mind Snoop lion subscribe I
probably don't condone half the things
he does on that huh but it's Snoop
Dogg it's pretty dang good what up there
Snoop dizzle soup dizzle in the studio
where they what's the show on today
GG n GGAs GGN took me a second I see
this lip all the time at West fest and I
realize with the shooter West's best TV
you can always smell when snoops in the
studio - oh he has a really good
deodorant yes an old bicycle this Snoop
Dogg right there do you ever think you'd
be doing sound for Snoop Dogg I'm not
doing so what are you doing Chloe bugs
just act like you know you look for bugs
do your mixing for Snoop Dogg yeah we're
mixing for Snoop Dogg right now rap game
I do you bring up the bass tell me of my
head song what's going on now how about
you dudes mother
 off the earth
oh ah - oh really happy
hey you talk about our jokes yesterday
yeah I remember yes see that's why I
made it your questions oh request
artichoke like movies or critically with
Archer will walking up the world tonight
so high no I said we're building the
desk well we're finally finishing it
finally doing it without me dad we're
building it since he does the patience
we only got that drawer down over there
now I have to tell you guys something
listen I've read in the comments and
like why is mommy tired building on the
step why is she though I'm doing this
because I like to because here's the
thing about Shay and I we have different
brains I'm like the organizer I'm very
meticulous it has to be done with the
instructions you got to do it right and
the way Shay does it drives me crazy so
what you so hahaha
Bagon building this is why I don't build
stuff in this house because if I do he
comes in and just rebuild it she's like
 you didn't do it right cuz you to
put this part on it I'm like it doesn't
need this part sometimes they said extra
parts with the song never have extra
parts if you don't need the part why use
it haha you need it just because I
instructions say your heart doesn't mean
the instructions know what they're
talking about why things fall apart
later okay but it's not gonna happen
with this because I'm gonna be so good
okay well I watch Smarties alright see
you later see yes I think you're just
eight now All Right see you later
ah maybe turn I talked about something I
would like to talk to you about the now
this video has been up for four hours it
has four thousand comments on it that's
a thousand comments an hour and do you
know what a majority of those comments
are saying baby tard do you know what
they're saying do you want me to tell
you baby time with those comments are
saying huh you want me to tell you what
those 4,000 smart intelligent extremely
talented and well-read people are saying
on our YouTube video baby talk do you
want
to tell you what they're saying they're
saying don't cut your hair why what
about those four thousand people I'm
cutting my hair huh come on we need ten
thousand of you what have ten thousand
people comment to not cut your hair will
you not cut it
what's the number in my hair what's the
number it's actually saying not to cut
your hair I told you I think I'm lying
to you read them what did they say just
give baby chars hair a trim then it will
be grow faster see what about just a
trim no baby what are you guys gonna
vlog something you guys you got to go
downstairs now mommy tart needs to show
you how she's so great at building
everything pink is like rock tardes
alright take the camera downstairs wait
before you do I have a question for baby
tard was it's a flip cam is really what
what does that say you guys better stop
swearing in the comments because the
kids can read now you better watch your
language in the comments because the
kids are reading them they didn't in the
past now they are so behave yourselves
baby tard no not cut to your hair no
yeah no Meah pickin says no no no no do
not cut your hair I cut my hair when it
was down to my butt and I cut her off
and it took five months to grow back how
many people if you need to comment on
this video say not cut your hair before
you won't cut it what if what if twenty
thousand people commented and said no
matter what I plotted the hair no matter
what well be your own person I guess huh
okay take it downstairs okay we're gonna
go film Rock turn cuz he's so cute he's
I can't like
let's go see I'm comin hallo you open
them Rock dark yes she's being such a
good helper he loves building look at
you you almost got it you got it in the
right place we just gotta get him in
there
he's been pounding a little wood Delson
good job honey you're such a food he's
working here baby truck you're not
invited to this building party I am my
room I don't this is boy building today
for their room sorry
alright finish product you've got a desk
wow that light on it's pretty bright if
you like it yeah you even do lots of
homework hold on you got some homework
at this - I think Rocco's gonna do lots
of spinning we go yellow no that's not a
good idea okay well cool I'm excited
well I'm excited to have a new baby hey
guys sorry the vlog was late today but
we were at the hospital Colette had an
appointment today and they put this
machine on her and they were like
checking the baby's heart rate she's
dilated to a 1 so it has begun the
process of the baby getting here is
started she has to be dilated to attend
so it still might be like another week
or week and a half
could even be two weeks but that doctor
said she had a contraction and she's
dilated to a once we're getting close
the baby's almost here who's excited I
check out yesterday's vlog thanks for
watching today we love you guys we love
that you're part of this and part of our
journey through this crazy crazy thing
called life click on that film lucky
button I made a video last night about
how to get a six-pack overnight now
don't be ridiculous you can't get a
six-pack overnight but if you do this
every night you will get a six-pack and
I'm already starting to see results also
join our diet bet there's some people
that are gonna be winning some serious
cash there's $20,000 in the pot and some
of you guys are walking home with some
money and then you know just love you ok
click on the videos and stuff and yeah
ok see you tomorrow
