oh hi I'm logging here okay time for a
shopping screen that blouse is cute I
love those white pants Ron I can't wait
to play in person oh all right we're in
the mall we're going to Best Buy to buy
a camera for the shayloss channel our
camera diets let's go buy a new camera
and I'm thinking I just asked Collette I
said babe should we up our game should
we go away from the flips so I'm gonna
see and it's tough it's like a
sentimental thing almost not use the
camera anymore so I'm gonna go see if I
can find a better quality camera to do
the daily vlogs on sad day Ronald don't
cry
try to keep it in it's crazy to me that
just like a couple weeks ago there were
lines outside the Best Buy like wrapping
around by that game and now they're just
sitting there just go ahead and buy it
you just wait a couple weeks but no
people have to get it first I was
seeking first what up Jillian Michaels
take you down in the che loss
competition so I don't know if I told
you guys or the yesterday in the insulin
I told you that we're doing a diet bet
on the shayloss Channel where it's
basically like you put 30 bucks in a pot
and then if you lose four percent of
your body weight you get that thirty
dollars back and if other people don't
lose the four percent you split the pot
of the things that people don't lose and
Jillian Michaels is on that diet bet she
has one of the biggest diet that's on
there or trying to beat her as far as
people competing so I want to try to get
as many people to join as possible
because we want to be Jillian Michaels
where's the cameras in this place get
how I swim good well note to self get
your hair cut
it's so awesome in a while
crazy actually Kaley seven come on cut
your hair you pulls out can we pretend
like you're going to happen I know baby
how short do you want your hair like
where do you want it to when it's down
you want a really short huh Oh your best
friend has short hair well you're going
to have to talk dad into it because I'm
all for cutting your hair so much easier
but daddy doesn't want you to cut your
hair so have to have to talk him into it
why is it you guys you may want to cut
her hair you want to let me cut my hair
but you know I'm letting you cut your
hair I want to again here you're not
letting me cut me a way letting her
I'm not letting your hair down but
wonder if ever we are not letting her
cut my hair but you're somebody who cut
my hair this is you look like a bobble
head she gave you her that's Liz's
who is right here I am all for
haircutting I think you need Internet
and I think she needs a haircut well
you do get into it please okay I
don't know why but it's very satisfying
watching seek like sniff the air you
know like to see in the wind in his ears
and have him looking all over and he
sticks his nose out in the air and just
sniffs all this sense like he just
sticks his nose out he's like you know
how dogs are supposed to have like a
super heightened sense of smell just
like what is he's smelling he can smell
there's a porterhouse just put on the
grill in Hollywood
looks like they ordered extra mushrooms
mmm what do I smell
sauteed onions in Santa Monica yeah
those are delicious I don't know what he
can smell but that would be cool hey
Batman can I ask you a question do you
love your dad you do how much do you
love your dad
you'll have dad mommy who do you love
more mommy or daddy yeah I figured I
don't blame you
she's so awesome huh what did they
overcook the steak oh man I'm sorry
dude if I were you I'd like mommy to
just so you know I like mommy more than
you ah everybody loves their mom or
right I remember when I was a kid I had
this friend that I grew up with and we
were talking about I think we're like 9
or 10 we were talking about which one of
our parents we liked more and I was like
oh I like my mom way more he's like
really like I like my dad way more Mike
you do like how do you not like your mom
more mom's just like you know like nicer
and like more loving and he's like no
I'm my dad's way nicer and loving like
really and so then the kids mom who is
having this conversation with she
overheard us and so then she told my mom
when my mom showed up and then my mom
told my dad and like she made me call my
dad she's like ha ha ha
look what Shea said and I was so
embarrassed like mom no I feel bad I
can't tell Dad that I said that but you
know moms are just like naturally like
more tender and like you like you can go
to your mom I don't know what about you
which parent do you love more I won't
tell him ok leave in the comments below
if your mom and dad know your comments
like
maybe uh just send me a text message my
phone number is no I'm just confused
Oh dude somebody just ordered a calamari
in Calabasas
I think they order extra cocktail sauce
yep definitely extra cocktail sauce on
that so these are the days that it's
pretty crazy with pickup kid duty
because the girls have gymnastics and
Sun tarde has swim and they both get
down at the same time so I'm going to
pick up princess tart from Jim and
Colette and maybe tartar gonna pick up
Sun tart from swimming got it good great
grand wonderful how's the artichokes
coming mmm extra steamed get that drawn
butter out here we need a baked potato
with sour cream seek must be hungry
hey guys so there's this problem I'm
having right now it's called I'm still
pregnant ah this is at the absolute
hardest and if any of you have ever been
pregnant you know what I'm talking about
waiting for the last couple weeks the
last week the last three days you know
just like both I'm so tired of being
pregnant I'm huge I can't breathe I have
a heartburn I want to sleep all day long
but I can our pets heads are falling off
yep definitely a problem but you know
what it's gonna happen really soon ended
the program take you guys along with us
are you excited because I'm super
excited but at this point I kind of feel
like this is not going to end you know
what I mean like I've been pregnant for
so long I'm like oh yeah I'm just this
is me this is how I'm gonna live for the
rest of my life but no in a couple weeks
it's everything's gonna change like our
whole life is going to change and then I
might be like wait it was easier when I
was just fat oh yeah I also wanted to
ask you guys you should start like leave
in the comments how much you think the
baby's gonna weigh when baby comes
cuz that's always fun you should do that
as I like to see that okay bye do any of
you listen to NPR any nerds out there
just kidding you know on NPR when
they're like broadcasting from a dumpy
little building in Culver City that is
that dumpy little building those of you
who listen to NPR will be like whoa
that's the building they're always
talking about that's the dumpy little
building in Culver City that NPR
National Public Radio that's where they
broadcast from the goddamn gymnastics
fees all want to win a trophy for doing
a backflip one time I was here picking
up rent to start from gymnastics and
there was like five or six girls all
huddled around an iPhone watching the
newest epic rap battle of history and I
walked over them I'm like hey I know
that guy I know my guy now it'd be like
who are you weirdo get away from us but
they're all sitting there watching my
skaters newest epic rap battle of
history and I was like hey hey know him
and they all just looked at me like go
away old man it's funny you had to have
been there how is gem young lady your
legs tired I saw you doing those burpees
you guys are jumping and stuff they
tired good gotta strengthen those legs I
like your new running shoes damn just
cute ones but you get that what is that
you're drinking out of is it I was like
we don't want to drink Starbucks what
are you drinking you know having a
cappuccino are you water okay good we
Stoltz s Lee's coffee mug Finders
Keepers loser there's a motorcycle er
behind us
zeikos just barking at him think you
thought this guy was trying to get in
the back of our truck Zeke don't bark in
the motorcycle okay okay dinnertime
we're having tacos and I made this
vegetable dish that grandma grade makes
I love it and basically zucchini
tomatoes onions soy sauce and cheats
it's yummy and the cheese I have is
mozzarella but she usually makes it with
Swiss but it's really good for wine
Shelly miss his trip all right what's
the ruckus going on oh what a table oh
cool I have a breakfast table have to
love it do you want to tack or not yeah
hey you I made your tackle you gotta go
in your tackle
Thanks go your tackle Batman yeah why
not should I feed it to Zeke you think
about it yeah you're gonna eat it
whether you like that's right
wear yourself out hey get your nose away
from the cheese you ain't getting any
this man this little little booger and
pick your nose you eat you he ate the
butter today you butter stealer I got
home from school and the key had licked
it clean he had gotten the butter off of
the counter cuz I left it out was making
toast I left it out of course my fault
he licked it clean and he and the funny
thing is Malachi used to do that I knew
that if I didn't remember to put away
the sour cream the butter or the peanut
butter it was gonna be gone when we got
home sure enough it was gone
what are you doing you better hurry
okay what I don't know dude I can't tell
anything
I don't know oh right I didn't go see
hide-and-go-seek I ain't a snitch
I had a snitch the guy telling where
nobody had you can't get anything out of
me I don't care if you torture me thank
you
baby tart I did not tell where you hid
dude I promise I was totally kept my
lips sealed Gare Zeke dinner Zeke you
can hide behind the couch hey what's in
your pocket what do you have in your
pocket you got your monies okay go this
I can't save you oh we got you
three-year-old Dahlia fighting her get
her you retard you sing us a Halloween
song you are today I don't go but you
watch
well I don't think that's how it goes
but that's a nice person she's gonna
sing the real person nine little
in the street walking in the street
looking in the street nine little
pumpkins watching and this is hello I
like it you like it rough huh yeah okay
here the whole thing
monies that's where you keep your money
it's also equally ouch cool high-five my
pepper bunnies sir just gonna add weight
under I was funnier when I was fat why
is it than me she crawls sure Carl's
meant go watch his old video this is
three years ago I was just watching me
some Katy let videos you know Mommy tart
has her own channel she makes her own
videos I was watching this old video and
like any time I come in the room and say
some I start laughing and Colette laughs
at me because I'm laughing at myself
because I think I'm pretty funny and I
smashed her sandwich and I thought it
was really funny and then when I was
just watching like that was kind of
douchey she's like well you are kind of
a douchebag sometimes I didn't say that
yes you did
I said douchey and then tell them what
you said right after that um somebody
called sundered a douchebag today and
then I said really if he goes home
what's a douchebag and I go uh why why
he goes well cuz this girl Cauldron to
call me that and I asked for what it was
and she goes I don't know like so she
didn't even told you that she doesn't
even know what I'm thinking so she
didn't even know what it was he asked
her he said what does that mean yeah
yeah yes sir I'm like well that's good
of you if somebody calls you a name he's
like what's that mean yeah like you're a
this okay what does that mean exactly
can you like can use be more specific
funny times alright it's bedtime love
you guys this is the end of the video
stop watching this video right now go
watch a different video okay
bedtime let's go move it right now
hustle one two three
let me see those spaces hurry up come on
let's pray
Francis Stars were you at rock hard
bless your little heart
look at you cleaning up your room Oh
quarrel face and zekiel get your butts
up here it's time to say the prayers and
go to bed good doggies okay get mad
everybody see the later tomorrow hey you
guys come help us beat Jillian Michaels
on this diet bet if you think that you
can lose four percent of your body
weight in 30 days then you can win some
cash I was looking into this thing Carly
did one a couple months ago and she's
like Shay you did this diet bet like I
don't know this seems like a hoax what
is this thing I looked into it there's
no hoax there's no catch if you can lose
four percent of your body weight in 30
days you and your money plus some back
so come join our diet bet the Shay Tober
team is getting stronger and stronger
which speaking of stronger I worked out
with Kali muscle today down at the
Venice rings uh if you didn't see my
tweet check out my Instagram this dude
is huge he's teaching me how to do
muscle ups that's one of my main goals
for the Shay Tober goal that I'm working
on the tude is awesome and he's ripped
out of his mind so come join the Shay
loss diet bet join our team we weigh in
next Monday or this coming Monday
actually and we gotta beat Jillian
Michaels you guys she think she's the
best at everything come on guys come
help us out check out yesterday's ball
click on the film lucky button see or do
one two three four years go let me see
tomorrow bye
