hi I'm log in here okay it's picture day
you guys ready centaur decided to bring
his outfit and here stuff because they
have PE first rude it's crazy having a
PE before pictures I can't do that
yeah for sure girls let's see what you
look like
Siri hair pretty curls pretty dresses so
lovely and all the kids picked out their
own backgrounds usually for school
pictures I let them do that because we
usually do big pictures for the calendar
for school they can freak out like their
background stuff so I'm excited they're
gonna turn out super cute and rock-trac
just a jibber-jabber this morning I
think he's making the rap song are you
building your own rap song dude yeah
yeah hey bad time with you but you do
get some Boy Scout stickers oh those are
cool we're out running errands for
scouts trying to find some flags we want
some mini Fox to teach the boys about
we're also trying to find a California
state flag erupt I'd look behind you
who's looking over your shoulder yeah
and the big spider man wouldn't that be
cool to put in your room huh please
laughs you want to get those you don't
want spider-man I don't even know what
those are
oh my goodness look who else is here in
the flag store Geneva that is so good
Bob uh nope has basketball and he told
me he's really big huh
someday my young child you will be maybe
probably not sorry you don't have this
kind of game
that's mater all the lipstick meters on
all right so we're on a wild goose chase
to find flags today we didn't find them
at the Scout store we didn't find them
at the flag store so now we're going to
the other flag store to find them at
least we the baby is asleep right now
he's not kicking he's asleep now he's
too late now he's sleeping le Shrek
sleeping sleep no sleep
thank you see the tiger look a big tiger
you like that yeah we found the
California state flag - I'm super
excited check this out whoa
this is the whole side of the building
that's cool that's a cool sign to have
on your flag store oh you're the coolest
flag dancer I've ever seen an operation
finding the flag is a success here we go
okay so today we're at maker studios
doing some pickup shots for the I got my
socks on music video this girl Emily who
does social media for maker studios she
sings a verse on the I got my socks on
song and it was just like we needed a
girl to sing and she's like I can sing
that's a great thing about maker studios
is that everybody that works here not
only do they do like you know social
media and editing but everybody wants to
be in the entertainment industry in some
way shape or form so this girl who's in
charge of all of social media for maker
like she runs maker studios Twitter and
Facebook and Instagram and everything
she also is a very talent
singer so she's gonna sing and we're
gonna shoot her singing right here on
this old-timey microphone Matt duh duh
duh duh but but I can't give away too
much the song so she's getting her
makeup and her hair done right now let's
go say hi she's super nervous she maybe
not won't admit it but you can tell
she's really nervous
hate Erica okay Emily it's getting ready
I was telling them how talented you were
don't tell anyone
well they're gonna see it when the video
goes live we're going for like a 40s
look care looks good okay I like the
gloves that's perfect
that's exactly what I was looking for
she's like turn your head this is what
she wears on the weekend wear to work
she does I told them that you run all of
social media for maker studios everyone
I am the man behind the green pass so
follow maker studios on Twitter this is
the girl running it yes and Instagram
okay we're about to start shooting on
this as soon as she's done with their
hair and makeup and then mommy tart and
the kids are gonna show up because we're
shooting the last little bit with them
oh oh no we're just into laundry and now
rock cards helping me put the district
away what okay good job what's that
called
what Fork yeah good job do such a good
helper thank you you're gonna be such a
big help when the baby comes
oh you want you want more okay here's
orange where's the red one
doesn't every mom what a child is this
excited to do dishes come on only you
would stay that way will you always be
excited to do dishes with me yes okay
good all right here's your gums on set
ready to sing and dance we can't even
tell fake it till you make it
I love this old timey microphone - oh it
fits my personality my age you are a
hundred and eighty years old I am oh
those are 40s microphones let me
consider 40s yeah
strike egg oh no the offspring have
arrived
here they are hey kids welcome to maker
studios let me see that oh no no no no
get off that look
read the sign bro you got Nina busted
you can't just dance dance revelution
without reading the sign hi baby Taylor
I love you
gases for a video for somebody but the
pads are not anchored if you jump on it
you will go sliding cause II damage to
yourself and more importantly the
machine all right you guys ready to
dance with your socks on you brought
money to buy candy pop she does
dude this is a no skateboarding zone to
treat the science just kidding hello man
welcome to make your studios whoa I love
you good to see you bud you guys can
watch Emily sing this part so you guys
have some help direct that cool
I mean she looks pretty pretty huh
all right you ready if you haven't got
yourself a pair go ahead of roadie or
okay calm and get yourself a girl's
awesome okay we're gonna shoot kids
singing and dancing we'll put your socks
on
this looks so cute I know you got your
whole hug in the heel okay
like I'm like oh my god push that um
nice princess charge you're soft on whoa
okay you ready ready go dance come on
dad bring with it I got it
you look so cool I don't know why it's
sort of reminiscent of an oompa loompa
you your mom please don't they have
Argyle or they have orange socks on they
can get it stand up
Dendi Dench you got your socks on he's
got his so strong he's got her song so
you got a dance I roll around I got a
break a man dad I got a break on the
leggings on he's got something I thought
all right now princess princess cards
turn you ready
can't get away the lyrics of songs down
out yet let rock dare do it versa you're
the star though princess tart
is that your go-to song when you get a
microphone can baby tar do it now
all right baby turn your big debut what
are you gonna sing do don't worry about
the microphone that's fine just blast
your belt about your tonus what are you
nuts then come around then that's a good
song alright let's go get some meat what
do you say he's your my baby kicks proud
moment right now look what rocked hard
called his straw brother what is that
alright show me show me she said he said
dad this is a gun and then goes no dad
it's an allen wrench
allen wrench yeah looks like an Allen
wrench ah that's the strop of his juicy
blogs you're such a boy guns and tools
guns and tools I just cracked up he had
that he's been shooting it all the ways
I shoot all the cars those dad is a gun
he goes no it's an allen wrench I was
like oh yes you're such a good boy kids
are yelling at me to come look at
something
guys watching more shaped our videos Oh
remember that baby bar becomes scared
you remember what you're scared of yeah
firing hostages who's that Rob Hardy
that's baby tard we got scared your
little face 100k oh I don't blame you
for being scared you had the devil daddy
don't hunger this in Las Vegas huh yeah
okay hit play let's see oh I just
different cups of baby toys I love the
memories we have all these memories huh
you guys are sitting here watching them
I guess so much for all of those people
who said the kids are gonna be pissed at
us when they grow up and see all these
videos because they love them they sit
there for hours to just crack up and
hopefully that's what they do for you
maybe maybe you don't crack up but at
least bring a smile to your face one of
my favorite comments is when I read
somebody saying wow my face hurts
because I just realized I was smiling
through this entire video that is our
goal is to bring a smile to your face
because if you think about it a smile
might be one of the most valuable things
we can have in this world a nice smile
smile right now you might as well click
on yesterday's vlog click on that
feeling lucky button you guys know how
this insight works there are clickable
annotations on the screen just take your
little mouse
see it move them around move them around
and click click click what do you want
to see what do you want say do you want
to see what we were doing our family was
doing exactly 4 years ago today click on
the number 4 click on that feeling lucky
button though if you guys want to join
the shayloss J Tober crew our team is
getting strong me and Ron if you didn't
see our weight loss video we weighed in
on Monday and we did good me and Ron uh
both lost a good amount of weight
he beat me a little bit though so if you
haven't checked those videos out check
him out and join Shay tobor see ya
tomorrow
