hi I'm logging here hey little dude what
are you doing he's just throwing stuff
throughout the house what are you
throwing oh but don't break it okay I'm
watching I'm watching whoa oh look at
that
let's do it again
oh man little old man is fun I must
caught it hot it is fun hang out with
him and we have been listening to
kalanchoe song I don't know if you guys
need it but Haley my sister who released
album available telling more music
that's right
what anyway she has a new band called my
affair fiend and they just released
their first album and it's awesome it's
like infused with college talent and
awesomeness oh my goodness you are crazy
okay go get it I've been listening to it
all morning but they are in a contest
called get out of the garage it's
basically you just have to go to this
site and if you like the song share the
song from the website and it helps them
get entered into this class to win gear
and money that will help them to fulfill
their dreams musically so if you guys
like it you should go check it out
please we're gonna like post a link
below anyways this is her song and I
love it she's super talented so go check
it out and share it from the website if
you guys like it and subscribe to my 13
cuz they're awesome
I'm seriously so proud of my sister she
is amazing she has so much talent are
you on the phone again who you talking
to
it's daddy it's daddy daddy's on the
phone I want to talk to him
Oh who else is it have you hey you guys
I'm here on a special shoot and I'm with
you I know isn't it the huntin Oh only
the camera couldn't record itself I know
right it's so arty right yeah see crap
see oh you're missing it you're missing
everything
professor Mary is gonna do something
really special with me today and I'm not
gonna show you guys you're just have to
wait for the video it should go up right
before Halloween after I have the baby
thank you I can't wait I'm excited too
cuz you're super talented stop it yeah
so this is our set I'm gonna show you
the set just a simple set and this is
the crew hi crew hybrid if you guys
don't know this isn't like social media
face of the mom - and she's amazing
alright here we go these are our tools I
mean your tools I'm not doing anything
with them baby - yo babe he's right
there getting ready he keeps moving -
I'm excited he's gonna mess up your
paintings ooh I'm gonna be like wow he
kicked me be Fred quickly with like oh
dude you must be a help okay alright
you're gonna be fantastic
just hold still you're beautiful darling
it'll beautiful animal
okay mommy turns back we have a little
peek can you have a sneak peek okay
let's go show rock charge I'll be up the
day before Halloween okay no way I prep
assumer for that it's safer browsing
but dude people want I think it needs to
like two or three days before Halloween
he's gotta get people ideas but that's
the day my shows usually go up on
Wednesday oh whatever
okay go show rocked her soul on the car
just got home from hanging her stomach
honestly I
turn reacts to it why
c'mere Korea fair look at mommy is that
weird using it's still very vague look
the baby's wearing a Halloween costume
it's that weird that's weird huh did you
tell me what it is
no I used to oh okay he discovered it I
cover it up like okay that's weird
you don't want to see what it is look
who's riding shotgun you don't fit dude
you do not fit we're going to pick up
the kids
Zeke's the Navigator what yeah somebody
Druce up on your window huh
crazy gonna get the kids from school
Zeki oh I want to give you guys a hug
welcome home children you gonna kick him
kick his tail kick his tail rocked our
new leg and zekiel tails Waggin I was
school guys Christmas card said it's
Taylor Swift terrific that's the new
adjectives to describe school it was
Taylor Swift terrific oh boy see you
can't sit there dude there's no seat
belt
he's like a giant blanket is it
comfortable
no it's perfect it's comfortable that
comfort bald rock card I love you
usually fall asleep by now that's
usually rock tards nap time on the ride
to school to pick up the kids yep we're
in the choo-choo train this is the kid
mobile train no Zeke's gonna come back
up here you're gonna come back up here
dude freaking dog he's not even a year
old yet you guys I think he might be
bigger than Malachi I can't remember ah
I wish Malachi and Zeke could play
together in my dream of Dreams like in
heaven that's when in heaven Zeke and
Malachi at their prime will be able to
run and play
together that'll be so great I can't
wait for that day I'm gonna wrestle with
both of them that'd be actually cool cuz
I'll be seeing each other can you
imagine the conversation Malachi and Z
could have I bet you Malachi would say
to Z did you do that stupid voice to you
all the time to their egos yeah I know
got really obnoxious we don't really do
the voice with Zeke as often doing the
Zeke is more like but Malachi was like
an Eeyore character I can just imagine
Zeke and Malachi talking yeah he was
always obnoxious I think you be like I
don't know I could like him he's gonna
find me recipe all the time you ever say
something that like later like you're
thinking you're like I should have said
that maybe I just pulled up to the kids
school to pick up the kids and the
principal was out there like helping
load kids in the cars and he saw that I
had Zeke and he's like jeez that's a big
dog he goes you win the dad of the Year
award not only you about to have kid
number five but you have a dog this big
I'm like yeah it's funny goes where'd he
get your energy and just jokingly I said
cocaine and then he like didn't hook
your laughs but nine I laughed and I
started thinking what if he thinks I
really do cocaine
you guys tell your principal I don't do
cocaine okay it's a drug I was just
joking
you know it's like cuz cocaine is
stereotypical like makes you like you
have a lot of energy it's just you know
I don't I don't come up with the things
I say alright they just happen in my
brain and they immediately come out my
mouth I have no censorship sometimes to
curse to curse
actually round off
thank you baby cartoon
she's rolling on dying things
throw a little monkey girl hey monkey
girl
hey baby card all the way up high
looking good looking strong come on
catch the watch on the job good job good
job honey
go slow thank you Tom good job nice
simply
okay now my goal opossum
but she wanted me like are you watching
mom
oh this is happening again I just can't
help it
whenever I get down here this gets
painted on my face and it won't go away
till I leave
look yeah but a doing a beach run while
the Sun sets nothing better nothing
better got my bright shoes on so I don't
get lost okay we're playing pictionary
princess charters drawing this and we
figured out that it's a cake we don't
know what kind of cake can we have some
hints it's a Taylor Swift cake 22 it was
actually staged a dress it's an actual
kind of cake red cake Rhett Taylor Swift
red velvet cake ice cream to her
favorite son boyfriends good job okay
some lard turns you have one do you have
one miss you did everything right such a
booger after you make that face this is
rock parties in Nevada
Rock turn later on in your life and you
grow up sorry bro monster oh my god
you're supposed to go monster we're
supposed to go starter no Minister Rajoy
doesn't understand the game pictionary
it's your turn shy you better have
something really good plans one because
it's super intricate and complicated and
two because I'm a horrible drunk hey
retard superwoman was awesome okay watch
y'all give me that board it's my turn
dinosaurs they're extinct okay is ready
yes yes there's a baby hanging on me
okay in the comments see if you can
guess it
I don't think you have to do okay you
guys stood over it's a race why would I
tell you you could guess pictionary the
rules dude hey don't give up okay ready
in the comments below you can guess
first before the kids
you're smarter than eight-year-olds okay
hey Shh listen my lip what I mean my
listens
watch for the boys - here we go
oh gosh like bones to the temple hard
watching this is the US government
shutdown oh that's a sin
daesil I like rock star dance or better
high-five fan you got that in the
comments anybody you guys would make yes
they totally would have got that for
sure okay this one's gonna be stairs I'm
doing serious one right okay we're ready
okay ready okay let's see scoot back
heel close there I go sir you're not
being a circuit this is something it's
not me it better not be
yeah you won't be Cameron gonna get
better
No Oh what are you drawing oh oh
that's this mommy's having a baby that's
discussed who had it first Davi tired I
thought every Christmas turn for an
appropriate game so fix it you're
beautiful I told you I wasn't a very
good drummer all right everybody it's
time for bed can you guys believe that
Mommy tarde is gonna have a baby in two
weeks
I mean 14 days and there's gonna be a
whole nother person in this family it's
inconceivable almost I can't believe
that baby number five is coming down to
the roster the Shaytards team is about
to grow we have our own basketball team
now yeah I just got to work up to we can
get a football team or a hockey team all
right love you guys check out
yesterday's vlog click on that feeling
lucky button and see what the Shaytards
are doing one two three and four years
ago I'll tell you what we were having
babies that's what we've been doing the
last four years of just making the
babies hey you guys join the shayloss
crew me and Ron did our first weigh-in
yesterday see how much weight we lost on
our first week of sheight Oberer and
we're doing a diet bet super excited
about this you guys we are the pot is
growing and there's a lot of chance to
win some money so if you think you can
lose four percent of your body weight in
a month then come join the diet bet
because you can earn some cash check it
out links boat love you guys see you
tomorrow
