you know I see you're both I love you oh
yeah Oh dr. watermelon pick it up pike
okay try it ready okay Diane you can do
it oh sorry
that's hot well you can learn how to do
it huh
you get bigger and smarter and you'll be
able to do it you think oh please give
me bigger every day you grow bigger and
stronger and smarter and wiser I beat
you you like to belittle yeah morning
everybody it's another beautiful day
here shake hard boss alright so Colette
went to take the other kids to school
this morning which means I'm in charge
of breakfast for these two bros and
guess what I'm gonna make
oh yeah look at these delicious
watermelon steaks Brock you got some
watermelon steaks yeah hey Brock you
want some watermelon yeah I'm good watch
this Brock's trying to open a movie
right now they think that it's movie day
because they neither of them have school
so it's like let's just watch movies and
be little kids all day well good for you
not a care in the world huh don't have
to think about mortgages or bills or
insurance or any of that
app just got to worry about how to get
cellophane off of the DVD stuff like did
you get it
success hey hey Rock where does that go
hmm does that go right there yo I don't
think so
come on look Jackson's even helping you
shut the garbage can it's a team effort
here let's keep this house clean okay
well here we are again look at this
little guy hey did you cut the cheese
okay so the kids are at school we have
to do a workout and then cluts gonna
take these guys grocery shoppin yeah do
some grocery shopping we always need to
be doing grocery shopping no no no give
me that
that's sharp dude you're gonna cut
yourself nah yes you will if that cuts
the cheese that'll cut your tongue think
about it use some brains what do you got
dude with that spider-man lunchbox do it
babe are we gonna sign up for a half
marathon love with me I'm getting pudgy
and I have I was gonna make it a life
goal to run one marathon a year we need
to me and clutter gonna sign up for half
marathon very soon
barking proxy was mark in 2017 you are
I'm gonna say half marathon sooner in
like the next three months yes
hey you are loud and obnoxious yep oh
that's why you get yell at him yeah
sorry guys he's - we tried to tell him
not to beat but he is half marathon next
three months commit to me pinky swear
no you pinky swore with your body my
pinky we're doing three months half
marathon all right just showered you
know if it wasn't for Monica and these
twice a week Tuesday Thursday shayloss
workouts I would have probably have 50
pounds heavier I'm probably like 25
pounds Jackson are you having a hard
time getting your coat off
no you can delete it i stoled your
camera to make a time lapse yesterday
and then I left your cards full and
battery's empty what a jerky vlogger I
am hey Michael Jackson
I like that leather coat dude you're so
handsome man stylish with the blue pants
what'd you say let me take it off thank
you for saying please maybe your brother
will help you that's so nice he made the
decision Brock I was watching CNN or Fox
I'm always flipping between the channels
Brock walks in there's a split shot of
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and
Brock goes it's Donald Trump and girl
Trump is like no that's Hillary Clinton
Brooke alright it is time to go grocery
shopping and you know it's not always
great taking the whole family grocery
shopping yeah but that is what we're
doing today so here's the rules you
don't put anything in the cart unless I
approve it watching you um and do not
ask for anything yeah right they're not
gonna be able to follow that one I can
tell you that right now
we're gonna give those dipped in now I
remember you wanting tech decks I never
said I was going to get your deck decks
but I do remember you're talking about
them I know you do of course you do
let's go one side whoops I did it I
forgot to vlog in the grocery store they
were all very good you guys were all
wonderful children hi thank you for all
your help
all your cuteness and let's go home hey
how are you doing hi why are you so
crazy
hi hi do my fingers smell like garlic
they should because I'm making stuff I'm
making dinner I'm gonna cook you up for
dinner
wait what we're not gonna eat kittens
for dinner that's just barbaric no we
are having lettuce wraps tonight and
excited because they're delicious
I know we just had them recently but
it's they're so good I'm just making
them again where you doing your vlog in
I am I look fun editing that vlog place
give more of unneeded get more morphine
hey you you add something blue okey who
lucky doll won't be the vlog and
drinking a slushy I think that sounds
like heaven all right cooking the meat
what are you doing are you doing
homework Oh what are you doing hmm
I'm making your restaurants and making
any mm I'm sorry Zeke I'm not making
lettuce wraps for you they're for us but
you might get leftovers you're lucky all
right we're making food water chestnuts
they're a little weird I used to hate
them but they're really good in lettuce
hi
yep
Jackson lettuce Rob's there are two good
guys I'm not going to block very much I
gotta eat ready alright so any wants to
show me her restaurant let's go
what is this restaurant called red bird
the red bird
cuz I was gonna do blue ribbon and
copy/move that's right great so first
you walk in the door nice and you see
any venues
in here I have a clog yes my coloring
pages cuz boys might want boy coloring
pages and girls my hot girls I'm very
cool might leave you over here to your
thoughts you can either sit up in the
benches or little back chairs very nice
chairs because mm-hmm and this is my
back room call it okay and this rest I
wash the tables with mm-hmm trash can
apple and then got my money can nice I
love it high five
let me put my money feel awesome see oh
yes
hide the money oh don't put your fear
later I hang them up in here mmm-hmm
love it cantata well I did just eat like
700 lettuce wraps just for like an
appetizer or something okay maybe I'll
let my food settle for a minute okay I
might come just a color oh we're in the
end slate hey be sure to come check out
our workouts on shayloss youtube.com
slash a loss every Tuesdays and
Wednesdays we are doing those if you
will just join us you will feel so much
better and of course we're killing those
podcasts so check out the podcast link
below leave a thumbs up in a nice
comment we'll see you real soon like
tomorrow
