so I'm building a desk and rutgard
is doing something with half of the desk
you making my house did you make a house
I love you your house is all gone but
don't break that house okay go put it in
the garbage
thank you thanks for helping
oh man so I'm putting together this desk
finally and the only thing that
motivated motivated motivated I don't
know that's a new word the only thing
that motivated me to put it together is
that our TV for some reason does not get
the signal to watch General Conference
which is like the LDS Conference of the
church and it's like broadcast worldwide
but for some reason huh new TV doesn't
get it so because the hats not for
digital okay so I'm gonna put this desk
together so we can put the computer
there so that we can turn this couch
around and we can sit in the family room
and watch conference does that sound
good rock hard yeah are you gonna keep
building your house with the paper
you're such a good paper house builder
watch out that big bad wolf has been
from blow your house down gotta build
your house on firm ground dude with
bricks
well we um I'm building here okay so
it's Sunday we just watched conference
and now I'm making dinner I've decided
to make something quick and easy and I
love this dish it's just a quick and
easy dish that's just feels like it's a
deer funny like I'm eating a dish no I
got building desk footage bro yo Froyo
laughs oh no not crazy
nope hey Toby stay is a hard time Sam
what are you doing
show me your legs drive again
squeaks there's like a light shining on
them fine okay I'm sorry you're going to
sell my dis all right so I'm making a
home what are these called again tin
foil dinners I just have ground turkey
sakes Carlos you're doing you know don't
be done if your mouth that's gross
hey Carla are you covering out your cold
sores the mess that was your cold sir
that is now a scab that you picked I'm
trying to it she's doing tinfoil see
these are you know meat potatoes and
carrots basically and then we're gonna
have that turkey meat its turkey ground
turkey and then you just season it with
like salt and pepper steak seasoning
yeah you guys while we're watching
General Conference I was filling the
cliff belly and sorry whoa he just did
it baby is like you can hear us coming
out of her stomach
you can like I can move it I can like
fill him put his foot right here and
then I can like push through the skin
and move his foot like up and down like
this I was just laying there on
Collette's
and I could feel like I could like move
his leg around inside of her belly and
then like I would film over here so he's
getting so big he doesn't fit in there
anymore
well what's the battery bullet that
likes fashion is that standby
you know what this happened the other
day
well a couple weeks a woman are trying
to watch Breaking Bad it took a while so
I think it will come back to light they
do but that's why we'll take Sunday
late yesterday guys if this computer
comes on but I have I also think you
need a new one process have uploaded a
video every single day for over three
years on this voyage Ora T of all of our
internet life has been uploaded for this
crazy yeah all right you guys ready for
dinner time so much for fasting so dad
want me to fill me in corns corns
delicious I don't know like you got vlog
everybody vlog that's a job to announce
that my dinner is really awesome it's
really good it's very healthy and Rock
charts having trauma do you need help
oh he's hiding he's being one of those
dramatic three-year-olds he came and he
prayed and as soon as the prayer was
over he ran to his room and said I oh so
here is our dinner we've got the tin
foil dinners made off cucumbers and
important so lots of vegetables and meat
awesome do you like it pretty good you
like it I'm Zeke you don't get any sorry
dog
you guys watching watch some case love
your videos you miss uncle Casey we're
gonna think about the new des isn't that
nice new computer station you guys can
just hang out here and watch YouTube
videos you have to watch a majority Shh
art videos okay can we watch you
watching the mystery milkshake I heard
you're cracking up in here anybody
remember that a mystery milkshake video
me and Casey did still having like gag
reflex flashbacks from that video
Oh links below you wanna see it leagues
below I like the new desk setup that's
cool hey come here come here
do this okay vlog card sent me a turn
trust me what are you gonna do to you
okay turn around turn around face that
way stand up straight put your hands
down
this looks like a pregnant chick to you
guys okay
walk and then turn not a pregnant chick
hey what's that that's a hot chick Oh
boom Shakalaka do that again it's so
surprising turn around turn around
okay she's just walking to the mall like
hey girl what's going on yes oh my god
that's you please get up he's gonna kill
us all oh he's attacking me again
calling the police
we need an amputee amputee what those
things they shoot a dart Hey tarantula
we need a translator
where you launch if I'm in here
beauty editor Angela I say like a trend
fu mm would you let your children go to
bed now okay I guess I'm I guess I'll do
this all right all right good night love
you O'Shea you and your puppy me my
ferocious animal are we lame maybe he'll
open its 8:45 we have all the kids in
bed you know we're gonna do go to bed
and we're doing excited about it - I
really think we are we getting home do
you know I started noticing grey hairs
look I looks I like young and hip still
right yes young and hip people do this
I've seen it on the MTV's both assertion
and movie this is you shown that it's
definitely old hang it old-school I
swear I was watching the MTV's and it's
like hey young and hip people if you do
this you'll be cool forever
no you're wrong I don't like all this I
think they're doing this
it's like young and hip people everybody
LT
yes I remember I saw and I noticed I'm
getting white hairs on my Mary
don't tell us right there is 12 of them
no can you see him no but I can see the
rash on you where no rash yeah I'm
allergic to my dog you guys some
whenever we wrestle I get allergic I
don't see you next the girls how about
second light to my lovelies yet well
we're gonna go to bed by 9:00 we don't
care we're sleepy goodnight my love
goodnight what are you doing here's up
reading a book with your flashlight hey
can I ask you guys a question
be honest with me okay do you think I'm
getting old you don't think I'm getting
old do you think I'm young and hip am i
cool still yeah am i cool babies are
serious yeah bus can be cool right yeah
nice so I'm talking about I'm a cool
grandpa wait a minute you better not be
having kids yet I'm gonna have kids if
you ever let me out front I saw this
really pretty lassie running down the
street the other day Oh make you proud
grandpa Dodie all right good night girls
love you you guys are my daughters
I have two precious daughters in this
world think about that or have another
boy I have another son oh so many sons
but I have two beautiful precious
daughters you guys are far above the
price of rubies look they set out their
clothes Zeke stepping all over what if
she has triplets like what two boys and
a girl two girls and a boy no what boy
that's quadruplets
it's three plus one is four four babies
would be quadruplets yeah she's having a
boy
trust me ultrasounds don't lie
especially his my boy all right let's go
come on buddy good night girls
love you see you tomorrow good night you
as well a baby yeah who watched a
conference good conference huh any any
my more mone homeys out there I tweeted
it any of you who are not Mormon who
watched it what do you think about
Jeffrey our Holland's talk that was
powerful
watch it check out yesterday's ball hey
you guys today is wait day 1 of week 2
on che tober it's gonna get intense Ron
and I just did a weigh-in today very
excited about my progress if you want to
see how much weight I lost in the very
first week of Shay tober click on that
feelin lucky button the video might not
be up just quite yet cuz me and Ron just
got done with our workout and he has to
go edit and upload it so it might be up
a little bit later tonight I love you
guys
it's Monday smile enjoy yourself have a
great week check out yesterday's vlog
and if you want to see what the
Shaytards were doing 1 2 3 & 4 years ago
click on those corresponding numbers you
know how this insight works so on guess
what we'll see you tomorrow
keep on smiling suckas
