this is when I picked up energy from us
all this comes out baby we just got
finished watching conference now the
kids are beating the crap out of each
other pull them all the pent up beat him
up girls take them I just uploaded the
shayloss video son tyre hey guys yeah we
have been
you guys last night my wife who is an
amazing person and my best friend in the
world built this desk I helped yeah look
we got our spooky Halloween decorations
up to okay everybody quiet
we need a little sense I want everybody
sit on this couch serious sit down be
reverent that includes you pregnat are
sit down
rock hard go sit down you not allowed on
the couch Zeke rock tired will sit over
there
sit down okay we need to have a talk we
have a new member
coming to this family quit yelling at
your brother he can sit there too I told
all the kids to go sit down on the couch
you go sit down to see come on okay you
guys who's ready for the new baby to be
here hey stop it's not funny to scream
okay answer quietly who's ready for the
new baby to come you guys ready for the
responsibilities that are entails
there's gonna be diapers that need to be
changed bottles that need to be filled
you can there's gonna be another
person's laundry in this house rock card
oh we know can help with that
what about when the baby gets up at
night and is crying he's gonna get up
and help feed it you guys don't have the
equipment to do this job mommy Tarts we
have to do that yeah because mommy tart
breastfeeds she's the one I suited up
with the baby rock card what are you
gonna do in the new baby's here you go
talk to him are you gonna show him how
to play with your guys do you think you
can teach him how to play with
spider-man what are you gonna share your
toys with him it seemed like you kind of
nervous you nervous to play with your
brother hey hey what if your little
brother wants to take one of your toys
are you gonna be mad or gonna let him
huh daddy strings all right so the new
baby's here almost your mommy is popping
he said the other day otitis tard
yeah that's not his name I called
Colette Colette and Titus which I've
done like since we've been dating I call
her Clinton Titus and a lot of you guys
in the comments that oh the babies named
Titus so I'm like we call them Titus
so I had a long conversation with Allie
the other day when they got the
prognosis from the results of the tumor
and it was hard stuff it's a little
close
but we're rootin for him we know that
he's gonna overcome it and the medicine
that that he's gonna be taking this one
to be really good we ask the kids to
pray for Charles have you guys been
praying for Charles you have you look
guilty like you haven't you guilty one
have you not been you are what did you
say in your prayer center right that's
that's the medicine yeah how about you
baby Turkey
so being very helpful or just praying
for the best we just want them we love
them love you and we're definitely it is
remind senator Johnson our prayers you
need to be quiet little baby yeah that's
that's very true I mean watching the
video where they sort of talked about it
was really hard well we love you guys we
love Charles now I love this baby I love
this harelip this is my favorite harelip
out of all the harelips this is my
favorite hold so let me manipulate your
face put your hands down
put your hands down yes thank you doctor
so hold still stop but we just missed
your face okay everybody lay down put
your faces down here
put your hands down
the best static he behaves himself like
you sure he pauses it's still time for
face manipulation
that's scary scary is he scary place
okay I just hold still alright one takes
Sunday from the say tired residents we
love you I just uploaded the che Tober
video we're one week in oh we're one
week into Shh over and join the team I
think I've lost probably about five or
six pounds yet we're gonna weigh
ourselves tomorrow morning me and Ron
okay love you guys will take Sunday you
see I Maru face manipulate you
thank you guys tomorrow
bye
