are you teaching him to do the country
song the practice song might might show
this the Internet
oh the internet lasered
you know the cup song knows going
that'll work all right keep working on
it will got a perfected version later
what
this is rock treads version of the cup
song it's like see I'm doing it okay so
is your okay baby turn okay hey rock
card it's all ready for your version -
yeah baby it's TGIF TGIF sense for nope
thank goodness it's french toast that's
what it stands for will you please keep
my guy where's your guy buddy where is
it where is it rock cards like can you
please get my guy Colette had this
candle this morning she was burning and
it smelled like french toast majorly and
now I cannot stop craving french toast
and I'm about to drive by IHOP I'm
talking about French toast
maple syrup and a lot of butter I like
to put a lot of butter and then just
sheet over broke fruits and vegetables
fruits vegetables and french toast
find this guy what do you say rock hard
say I love you you're gonna Batman's
gonna fly that's what he does best that
and so I'm trying to think of something
funny the Batman also did but all I
could think of his giant mountains of
french toast
all right Friday last day of the week
what are you gonna do who you gonna be
nice to who you gonna love not ever sing
that song in my presence do you know
things that song even know who sing that
song no Friday
no names Rebecca Black she's a youtuber
Rebecca Black do you know Rebecca Black
well you should
Dave days knows who she is who's that
dude has a cool beard like that guy what
if he has any french toast in his back
pocket he was he has a cool beard but
he's not on his daughter what's her name
her name is French toast all right kids
go to school
hey I've got my little helper today he's
my helper he likes to do laundry with me
he doesn't like the folding so much but
he loves to take the clothes in and out
of the washer
that's yours that's right we cleaned all
your clothes cuz there's Enki huh are
you stinky nope good job little man okay
now you gotta put the wet ones in there
you ready
okay okay reach down in there and get
them you take the ones out of there and
put it on a dryer can you do it you're
such a good helper oh it's a it's all
clean now it's just wet cause it's clean
this one's got pee on it they put it in
there
good job good job we got a lot more to
go here we go okay last one did you get
it yep almost almost put it in there
okay now what do you put in there
remember what do we put in next no
remember what we put in next let's find
you what's behind you nope remember I
put one of these in it I put one of
those in there good okay
don't mind me just shut it you wanna
open it okay but we can't turn it on if
it's open okay you shut it you're doing
okay you remember what you do
okay turn that one it's hard with your
little my so big oh that's good you got
it right
right nope nope very first time
okay what all right there right there
remember about right there okay right
there leave it leave it
it's always complicated okay now push
the start button
yep yeah you would get it oh and there's
our friend like guys get over my laundry
room he's trying to get in there barely
fits him he makes it up he makes it
happen if he gets any fatter I don't
know what so we're on the freeway me and
Ron are going headed to a workout and
there's some crazy kids up here in this
car waving a jerky stick at us we run
into a little
investigation and see what's going on
with this jerky stick waving hey why are
you waving that jerky stick the wave of
that jerky stick this long jerky things
she's laying out of another time they're
being funny and then I filmed them and
they're like oh gee what's going on
today we find ourselves in the Red Bull
facility this entire office is a bronze
getting coffee we're about to go do a
workout here at the Red Bull Bulletin
the Red Bull I didn't this is crazy
that's what I'm talking about right
there that's my kind of sport um there's
a racecar there's a Red Bull racecar in
here no big deal this is a full-size
racecar right inside this facility I
think I want to run up there I was just
talking with a guy he said travis
Pastrana rode down this in a chair with
his race car wheels felt like Ron's
gonna give us a demonstration of the
ramp don't fall in the hole
oh he's risking it you have your coffee
that's this Cup cabin I'm gonna ride
this race car up there and pick you up
dude slide down watch him fall off the
edge you're bad example she's like gonna
do
flip do flip Red Bull studios dude I
know this is a weird thing to like
notice but you guys know I used to do
granite countertops here at Red Bull
facilities these are nice granite
countertops this is one of the nicest
Granite's you can get I remember this
was like 80 bucks a square foot
just to buy so they have good quality
stuff here I'm gonna go peepee in the
potty now can you guys don't oh hey
Logan look where I'm at dude Logan loves
this movie he'd be so jealous to know
that I was here and see Logan if you
lived in LA come hang out with me at the
Red Bull studios beyond the ordinary
okay so the idea is there's a Red Bull
trainer that's gonna put us through a
workout we have a gold medalist or a an
Olympic BMX bicycle or dude who's gonna
work out with us it's gonna be intense
so if you guys want to see this workout
go to the she lost channel check it out
all right protein sippy cup we just
wrapped on the workout here at the Red
Bull facilities killer Ron hey Ellen oh
my god that was so tough sure very
intense very intense go to the Shree
lost an alert out we got a sweet video
Ryan here shooting on a Steadicam doing
a Devin Supertramp style nice filling it
my curl a bit well I do want to call you
Olympian and Olympic gold medal like
Olympic gold medalist and I call you an
Olympus silver you get gold next time in
silver second place is first loser Mike
get out there that's horrible to say he
has an Olympic medal anyways go check
out the video we just killed it man
literally Hyundai and now we're it's
swimming I haven't been to your swimming
yet I'm excited to see you swim I'm
gonna teach you how to breaststroke dude
cuz I'm a professional breaststroker
you don't say mom you tired hey you get
your speedo on nice what are you gonna
show me
are you doing here bro I'm taking the
tailgate down between the cups phone
nice dude that's some rhythm my friend
you should put that together we could
edit to a little video so just swim to
do the cup song and wear a speedo what
can't you do ladies and gentlemen like
you hey what's up with your sandals not
matching no match dude do you like
wearing your nut huggers when I was in
wrestling when I was in wrestling we
used to call those nut huggers you know
why because we used to go outside and
hug egg corns whenever we warm a lot we
just like egg corns and almonds all
kinds of we just give me big all hugs
son tards working at the pool already
doesn't that just make you want to jump
in a pool doesn't matter where you are
you see a pool and you smell that
chlorine you want to jump in nice dude
let's see that let's see that whatever
it is we call that freestyle yeah keep
those legs on eat art says rock tart
won't take his shirt off he's been
wearing this for the last three days hey
let me see your shirt it's dirty
who's that
yeah they look at that little rider they
have some cool bikes baby and the little
penis then that's three and get ready to
accept your gold medal do you think that
we shouldn't always be saying to the
kids you're gonna win all these gold
medals it seems like a lot of pressure
it's like I'm not pressuring them into
it but I just want to let them know that
if they want to win a gold medal they
could give him that you know hope that
it's not like totally outlandish I think
maybe some ferrets be like oh you're not
gonna wanna go a meadow that's
impossible I want to let them know that
if you wanted to win a gold medal
you could it just takes a lot of hard
work so like to get those kind of things
in their mind you know just like with
Sun tart and Harvard just you know like
why not hope for the best
why not plan for the very best you know
if you don't plan for that then you'll
never hit it if you plan for it you
could hit it if you worked really hard
but if you're like Kyle that'll never
happen and guess what
it never will this guy's gonna win the
National knapping championship I think
he's got a sporting chance
look at those eyes look at those
wiggly's this one boy is Shaytards
Jersey so mom's with centaur that Scouts
and I got the gymnastics duty and the
napping baby duty Earth princess start
on the beam Nana sings in there what are
you really good lighting right now
gorgeous in this lighting but where are
you anything all right let's go eat
dinner
all right that's solid thirty here at
the dinner time I got me a salad and
these guys are sharing a Caesar
it's a Caesar party Oh Caesar rock tired
who loves it
good girls yeah all right
I guess killing it but seriously doesn't
anybody have some spare french toast
they can lend me just like 3 to 17
pieces that's all I need some
butterscotch maple syrup Oh alas I did
not have any french toast I did not give
in to the temptations of my body crave
some delicious warm bed maybe I'll have
some for tomorrow morning
tomorrow's my rest day for shaytember
chez tober one month isn't going strong
feeling good check out the sheäôs
channel if you guys want to join the
team and is getting stronger and
stronger I am loving all your video
responses we're doing this as a team
check out yesterday's vlog if you want
to click on that feeling lucky button
you might just find something lucky and
sue the Shaytards going 1 2 3 & 4 you
guys know one word team come on come on
come on uh Saturday enjoy yourselves
I love you guys whoo now have you okay
for you tomorrow
