hi Hey
I just I don't know I haven't said this
in a long time I just wanted to get one
thing straight and I wanted to make sure
that you never say that I just walked
away because I I will always want you
because I just I came in like a
guarantee I'll bet you a hundred bucks
right now
when the kids get in the car the girls
be like dad can we hear wrecking ball
have it on my phone it's a good song and
we listen to it and sing and rock hard
things don't hear wrecking ball what
song do you wanna hear if you want to
hear sleepy song you know that exhausted
I don't hear a song no tired
oh it's about nap time anyways zone and
out collette's at the shoot for the moms
view and I'm taking up all the ninos
what a good father I am sure thanks for
noticing my cool schmancy fancy shirt
you like it mhm
it's welcome you know I like Kenyan it's
my favorite clothing line you should go
get a shake Karl Volcom shirt hat yeah I
didn't gonna make her that she was
cancelled because mom had a shoot so I
to come pick up you guys instead
yesterday princess harden baby tart made
fake iPhones out of cardboard and I told
no I was gonna but I can't cuz I have to
watch you guys instead I was supposed to
go shoot with rpm princess cards like
yeah if you go to make her we please
give me a pink iPhone case for my
cardboard iPhone you guys he makes me
put this crap in he's a total sellout
check out these hats are already arcade
calm links below I said okay I'll do it
how was school guys they've tarred post
school good great grand wonderful you
have any requests isn't here a song
the only hundred dollars even if I did
coax him hey guys this is our new show
this is our new crew for the moms ooh I
mean not new crew like new cast they're
gonna be doing the whole show and
they're gonna be doing it like this
so cool the fun things we get to play
with when we're on set and I think that
we should do a Halloween episode like
that what do you guys think would not be
a lot of fun
I think okay we're getting ready to
shoot another episode technically we're
not lads today we're capable we love the
purple today in action are people like I
need my mom here she knew the name of
every flower everywhere and I got Maria
from on the loves Tech and on the
Weather Channel on Fox News whatever the
weather or the weather so I'm she does
weather on the news every morning I saw
you on TV at the doctor's it was like
when you carried yourself very well oh
so lovely we've got our whole crew out
here just ready to rock and roll
there you go now you're rolling okay get
this that's funny okay me and mom are
just sitting here I'm uploading the vlog
Rock chart pointed at me waiting to meet
planner daddy hold on daddy and I
collect just said to me she goes have
you got much footage today because that
that's totally like rock serious a
conversation how can you hold it still
please thank you so she said okay your
cameramen your captain oh you have to be
steady hold it steady so as daily
vloggers we talk about how much footage
we have throughout the day so I asked
her I said how much footage do you have
shows I have a few clips but nobody
wants to see the moms view footage and
so then Colette said to rock her
jokingly she's a rock card go get the
camera and vlog start pulling your
weight around here so you guys okay Lynn
grabbed the camera turned it on and here
we are gonna be driving now I'm your mom
I'm trying to find a thumbnail for today
what do you think you think people want
to click on a goal talk to Lamborghini
favorite art that's a good thumbnail
show your mom now yeah okay now show
yourself doctor
wait on your face show yourself say hi
everybody
say hi everybody hold your arm out you
can't see it while you look at it you
can't see yourself okay is it my church
Oh Nellie you just threw my shoe at me
to my face I can't there we go there we
go
daddy's the master vlogger daddy knows
how to do it you got a walker in rehab
them intuitive go to rehab I said no
that's a Charles Trippy joke you made
that joke Zeke is gonna sit on Colette
that's what great things do baby tired
it's gonna climb up to the pull-up bar
Justin front rock card is gonna grab her
are you gonna call you show the crib
please are you gonna do it for your show
though yeah I'll just shake a crib we
bought the crib I wasn't gonna show up
because Colette wants to do on her all
right
here's the baby is like this this is the
new baby crib will you excited rock card
you're not gonna be the baby anymore
here's your blankie right here that's
your blankie
that's one of the mattress the crib I'm
gonna put Zeke in there Peppa Zeke in
there how in trouble I'd be if I put Z
connect
that's scary make him chase you
let's scare of me ghena
he's gonna knock one of these kids down
go fast dude you can't even catch it
watch our rock guard don't get knocked
over
ready go he just wants to race imagine
running with a dog who is as tall as you
were don't he just like that
taller go for the start make a run for
it Oh Joe carder you come that would be
scary who Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve
Steve
don't hurt yourself your spider did you
just pooped out a baby Oh gross yarn
yeah I'm saying you on a yarn you made a
web cool how long you guys gonna chase
each other
love it okay so we've got a family conga
line not sure where you're headed where
you guys going what their house
I think that's saying or things like
their orphans I'm the orphanage mother
yeah okay good you guys get to work you
scrub the floors and the toilets sorry
well good luck getting those kids
adopted out there so misbehaved
so Shay's out to dinner with a friend
and we are just making a frozen pizza
don't judge because I'm tired and I just
put some chairs together we finally have
a full set of chairs and I know that we
don't have eight people a family but
this way when we have guests they have a
place to sit and we have one extra one
that's gonna vote for the computer
guests one it's chair for the computer
dance it's right there so that's the
next project I've been a crazy builder
for a while sorry
nice dream disorder I'm hungry I'm
starving actually I'm going to get
dinner I'm gonna have a dinner with an
old friend
I just put all this out I've been a
crazy builder for a few days building
the crib and my desk
and the the next desk and chairs and we
got another desk and then the baby's
changing table and the movie done mm-hmm
but I'm so glad that we are blessed to
be able to have all that furniture it's
exciting all right it's dinner time
we're having pizza okay pizza and
carrots and tomatoes yes I said you guys
got pizza tonight but you have to eat a
whole carrot stick okay don't seem very
good one of my favorite vegetable
combinations is just have carrots with
cherry tomatoes I love it my other
favorite combinations is mushrooms and
delicious
who knows anybody from translate feel
free to try she's gonna read recite and
jump up at the same time that's okay try
again hey I think it's long enough we
just need to try again cuz you were
doing great just a minute ago now you're
nervous it's not working you got two
teddy bears in this makes a little
confused
you're amazing you're such a cute teddy
bear there's a cheesy look he looks so
know why are going up stairs here can I
choke Wow you're getting dressed mr.
ninja number four your fingers what what
I'm doing here on the wrong side of
things already
oh goodness this is our free bedroom
workout time to read a shoe hey little
man you're reading your own book over
there
you're so cute Oh Mikey you got a good
butt huh
oh I think I think you should read it to
Zeke he wants you to read it to him oh
what a girl so it's getting time for bed
we're just reading some stories thanks
for watching our video Hyde's Friday
ha I'm saying enjoy yourself on we can
watch go ahead give this video a thumbs
up you know what would hurt you
I do the thumbs up come on baby baby oh
come on you know you want to give it a
thumbs up
come on do it no this is weird okay I'm
talking into a bottle I am a grown man
that's that's a thing that I am
sometimes oh hi hmm here we are once
again at the end
what baby hello say hi hi my name is
baby listen you don't got a shot you got
you don't gotta shout as baby turd how
do you feel about the new baby coming to
our life okay thanks for watching range
video take it easy
