welcome to the Shaytards okay
fast-forward next day now we have new
batteries okay baby chard can we turn
the rest of your story the pumpkin packs
and I think the pumpkins were about to
have red eyes and come alive stay okay
but we have to go to school so you have
to tell it within like two minutes can
you hurry in two minutes
and say they had pumpkin patch next to
the house they loved to play in it so
every day after school they were playing
and then one time after school they were
to play there and after they were done
playing there they turned around then
walked a little and then the red and
then they fell her head and it was the
red eyes baby with mhm mhm and then and
then when they went there they forgot
the thoroughly pumpkins with red eyes
yeah how can you forget that they were
walking in the pumpkin shells for the
kids reading bugs for dinner that's like
the turn what yeah I hope you don't get
eaten by a pumpkin you have a pumpkin
face just well big guitar that's a
gruesome and wonderful scary
for Halloween I'm certain I love it and
you argue guys don't go in Terios thingy
love when he drinks and then he comes
and slobbers all over you yo your spell
refuse you club the face okay upstairs
come on it's time for morning prayer so
this morning baby truck came downstairs
and she should tie her own shoes do you
do your own shoes if somebody show you
how to do it you'll have to show me how
you did it later awesome she's so
independent in a creepy tunnel in the
creepy tunnel what's up what's up I am
in a weird like this dude I want to like
explore this Ronald where you're at
Ronald
okay so we're up where we at Topanga
Park Topanga State Park we are on a run
we're meeting Ethan Newberry here aka
the ginger runner for shayloss nine
miles run nine mile trail run boy my
legs are sore but I'm excited I'm
feeling it kind of I'm really exhausted
but we're about to run and we found this
weird I think this is right for flood
waters don't you think yeah I feel like
when this gets like a ton of rain at all
the rain comes down in the valley this
is a good place for it to wash through
who's on a chopper who's on che Tober if
you haven't joined yet it's not too late
join us on the shayloss channel Ron Tom
to join change your life you don't want
to change at all you're perfect as you
are
okay we're just waiting for Ethan and
then we're gonna run hard I haven't run
for a long time in the last time
actually ran was when I was in Australia
I did a I did like a nine mile run in
Australia down to the Sydney Opera House
when how long ago I was like a month and
a half ago and you guys look how
thoughtful Ron is he brought me to run
right next to the Mormon Church look at
that just knew I'd feel at home so much
I care we brought some special equipment
for today's shayloss experience look at
this pole that's a wide angle huh
this is on my flip I got the flip on
here a lot of you have been yelling at
me tell me I need to switch to the Canon
Powershot salat clearer
I will it's just it's hard to switch
from what you know and love you know
what has done me so well so camera has
like treated me so well over the years
just hate to go away from it right Ron
got a GoPro
go pro head mount yeah I just wanted to
try out that stick Charles got this for
me actually at VidCon Charles is such a
thoughtful gent we're at VidCon and they
were given these sticks out and Charles
got one for himself
they thought I bet she won't want one of
those sweet grab one for me I love you
Charles Oh Charles trebay are you
helping pick something you finally took
this shop off yeah that's so mid-span hi
so I'm in the baby's room we're trying
to figure out of what to do with the
baby and this crab I just ordered that's
my pair I ordered it online it's gonna
be this espresso color and tried it I'm
excited about it and I'm gonna do a
whole vlog on my channel once the baby
room is kind of put together so stay
tuned for that but for now we're gonna
set everything up and I'm totally in
full-blown nesting mode so no phone
calls no one interrupts me I that one's
gotta be you okay you're gonna fix that
and I'll fix this over here
this used to be a shelf thing that was
right here and I just took it down and
you know the room really does need
repainted it's got like stuff on the
walls and all these no hey okay just a
minute it really doesn't need repainted
but I don't want to do it so I'm not
going to me we're just gonna set the
baby's room up without repeating do you
need output you're doing just fine
you just keep figuring that out okay I
love you thanks for helping rock tries
me little work him buddy we go grocery
shopping together we build stuff
together we are like best friends yeah
maybe we'll see how he does in the new
baby comes I'm a little bit nervous but
he will love him
I'm sure with Hickson time whoa careful
don't hurt yourself dude all right here
he is mr. runner man himself aka the
ginger runner
hey what's gonna make him fun of his red
here
you are in Boston this last marathon oh
yeah I was there with a shoe company
brought me out to kind of like vlog the
boss America what was this shoe company
you want to yeah great I wanted to get
some of those shoes they actually helped
change my whole running form let's talk
about that we'll talk about that in the
shayloss video today because a lot of
people are like well I don't want to run
cuz it's bad for your knees if you
change the way you run you can actually
you know help that and avoid you know
injuries if you run a different way it's
true you have to run like the tammer air
and Indians huh you nailed it yeah
tomorrow we're at am aware something
anyways yeah it's totally true I was
having tons of knee issues and calf to
shin splints in splint is a great
example and just by kind of working on
your form a little bit and becoming more
efficient you can go farther faster with
less pain less suffering
I totally as soon as I read that book
and I started running that way I never
have pain anymore like when I first
started running when I well probably
because I was a hundred pounds
overweight but my knees and hips and
everything would kill me but then I read
this book and changed the way I ran and
I never have problems or anymore if you
want to find out the secret you're gonna
have to check out the trail off video
we're gonna talk about it in the trail
last video today so go watch it join the
team already
oh that's amazing oh cool are you
drooling I'm drooling I just think it's
cool
not that I need one of those I just
think it would be fun to have a car
wasn't a Lamborghini but I'll take it if
we have a Lamborghini Andi how was
school kids good choice with terrific
dad cute how was your wait what did you
have field trip a walking trip SunGard
said that he walked 20 miles to his
field trip today
well it was just about that no just
gonna give us a few miles yeah it was
from my school past it's crazy
this is Jillian bar and cut back to the
truck five miles later and we are dead
Ron how you feeling oh you guys we have
to go check out this video I don't know
if it like is coming through about how
hard these workouts are we're feeling it
man that we are feeling it right now
that's time to head down and find some
cold cold water this is real real moment
Ron who is it like he's exhausted he's
totally spent and I was joking with him
like dude don't start crying like I did
already like running on the trail yeah
you guys were so far ahead and like I
was like okay I'm gonna I'm gonna run
keep running I was so tired and ran up
this hill and then all this I was just
like bag is run fell twice you have to
go watch the video Ron aided on the
trail it was steep there was like rocks
it was crazy I almost rolled my ankle
once really bad and that's like one of
my phobias real springy my ankle I was
like - watch your step and right as I
said that I tripped on a stump and I was
this close I like just caught myself I
was like whoa like pay attention pay
attention
it was an intense run and Ron's
definitely filling but good job dude you
really fill it at the end of this month
you're gonna see major results I will
try not to talk about trayless everyday
in the shade hard vlogs because I know
there's some people who don't give a
good gosh darn about it's a major part
of my life right now and that's what
these vlogs are about my life cuz
they're my vlogs about my life so join
the team you might as well join them
can't beat them join them you know what
they say alright it's home from the run
okay how is Ali have to go in and shoot
an RPM shoot tomorrow at maker studios
so this is how you keep a marriage fresh
guys you do the dishes when you're like
talking about love and like how do you
keep your marriage strong this is how
you keep your marriage strong you do
crap like this that you don't want to do
because when your wife gets home and she
sees that you did all this she's gonna
be like take off your shirt
No stop that's inappropriate just do the
dishes and boom Shakalaka just like that
ten minutes later we have a whole new
kitchen oh my god doesn't it feel so
nice to have just a clean kitchen no
dishes in the scene nothing better man
it looks awesome and the truth be told
that's how you keep a marriage going
that's how you keep from the divorce
simple things right that seems to
oversimplify it but I promise you it the
little things matter
doing the dishes sucks nobody wants to
do the dishes but if you take time I'm
not saying that it's like the dishes are
the woman's job it's just a principle
I'm trying to portray here do things for
each other do the things that you wish
people did for you for the person that
you love and I promise a merit your
marriage will last forever I'm sitting
here editing the vlog and look what my
best friend's doing just you know sit
and watch Casey needs me okay so I need
him oh hey buddy what are you doing he
just taking on that little siesta grab
it a few Z's
if your mom was here she would not be
happy about you being on her couch what
do you got there baby turn found a slug
you can't see it it's this tiny little
slug and she put her on a skateboard
whoo
he found it in the front yard now he's
skateboarding can you do a kickflip
that's a ollie that's not a kickflip you
need to have your big brother teach you
how to do that Oh
how was school oh you're gonna kill the
slug is it on your hand now whoa
must be good grip tape on there for that
slug you didn't fall off cool okay okay
Jay King can you hear me I want you to
set a goal for today in that no swimming
do I either Senecal what's your goal
today come on think about it you got a
set of goals good to set little goals so
you can reach your big goal what your
big goal is to win a gold medal or eight
or twelve or how many did Michael Phelps
won you want a large morning well a lot
of mills but like ten gold ones or
something like that maybe today we might
do okay do it my first time right
goggles the bug bait weirdly cause last
time I was like breathing water in my
lungs yeah that's probably did don't
breathe water in your lungs that's one
way to kill yourself okay arms but he
has
holding that thing in between is like
we've got you away
I'm pretty good the only problem I swim
is I don't know what looks good and what
doesn't I don't know how to do itself
okay looks good
tell me
I think this needs to be just arms out
for the way nice big arms or legs
you guys good news Superman's in the
back seat Superman where are you flying
to Superman you going to help somebody
look at little imagination of a three
year old windows down and daddy's trucks
go down the stairs there you go
and my other buddies with me too
enjoy that wind in its face
so Clinton Titus is going to pick up son
tart from swimming and my chore is to go
get the girls
shut your mouth
Superman you're super polite when I vlog
it uncle Xu I don't care if you're the
Man of Steel
sorry guys sometimes me I'm Superman if
you don't see eye to eye
I seriously I'm gonna punch your face I
don't care if you're three years old I
have punch me more effective think about
it my fist is big you have a three year
old head it's pretty small
it'll probably knock you out it'll knock
you straight on your butt think about
the think about your actions yeah tough
love man what do you think Ezekiel you
enjoying yourself huh what dog doesn't
like a good ride in a truck boy
all right dude how do you felt good
retired did you do better than last time
what your freestyle remember yeah well
we are doing freestyle are you doing
breaststroke yeah I didn't see you do
any future I'm going out 149 we just
have to fix a few things and then you
will be a professional breaststroker I
remember talking to somebody saying that
girls are usually better because I'm
more flexible and boys usually don't
like to like stretch far so we'll have
to work on that gymnastics doing some
flips yo look who's driving home what is
he doing how did you get in the front
seat clear drive car drive come on dad I
got my learner's permits please he was
in the backseat his nose breathing's
alright let a good dad Jim did you work
hard this new teacher you did you do
you're getting better it's like you're
learning a few more years so you're in
the Olympics huh okay I can't wait to
guys get those gold medals I'm gonna
melt them down and use the money to buy
me a new water ski I'm gonna melt them
down and buy a new jet ski oh I can't
use your gold medal to buy a new jet ski
Gold Medal cost more than that it costs
years of blood sweat tears and
dedication
nice bunny he's sounding good he loves
it what what he loves the song he's the
biggest fan yeah every day we're in the
truck shadow in the socks our donut
socks on he sings at the top of his
lungs I can't wait till the music video
comes out you guys just wait
oh my darlin oh my darlin oh my darlin
that's a green salad it's big yeah the
kale and spinach this smells good Wow
snow power see I eat that yeah what look
at these girls they've got they've
gotten some phone cases and they put
cardboard at him are those all your apps
dude you've downloaded too many apps
what you get the truths
oh cool Little Mermaid I'm in a ditch
that's her the actress
oh that's carly rae jepsen she sings a
song dude get it right
I don't think of a good caption for this
Instagram I'm gonna think of something
funny hey guys what's going on the kids
are finally asleep I'm just here on the
shayloss Facebook page and this is
exciting
these are all team members that are in
shape Tober this girl right here Rachel
I just posted her recipe on the shayloss
Facebook page all kinds of motivational
posts exercises these guys are like
showing their workouts what they do to
get in shape motivational stories this
guy says this is we'll look this is so
cool I don't know this guy some dude
named Will karmic off to a good start
shaped over day - and here he has a
video I'm gonna watch this video right
now let's check out this with video
three mile run like I put my goals three
miles every single day and let's do this
I'm a running from the top of my street
down to a stop sign it back and that's
about 3.2 miles
that's what freaking pumps me up I'm
gonna cost all freakin class will I
don't know this guy just a dude who's on
the team now he's my best friend thanks
will sounds like he has a goal to run
three miles a day which is a great goal
three miles a day is awesome all he does
is run to a stop sign in back so I'm
just sitting here scrolling through
meeting all of the team members I'm
gonna comment right here on his video if
you guys have not joined Shea Tober
subscribe to Shea loss we're making
videos every day and like almost even
more exciting than the YouTube channel
is the Facebook page it's cool to like
sneak into your guys's lives I do like I
look at all your Facebook pages and I
like go and I look at your pictures and
like these are the people that are like
doing this with me we're doing this
together it's really exciting so even if
it's day two or day three of sheight
over it's still not too late to join and
to get on our team join the Facebook
page I will leave a link below and you
guys can join it boom Shakalaka thumbs
up for a 22 minute vlog huh that's a lot
of life for you on the youtube.com slash
Shaytards alright ah you know how we do
here on the in slate
multiple options to click on and to have
more happiness click on yesterday's vlog
click on a pin and Luckett button and
see what the Shaytards are doing one two
three and four years ago today join the
team you guys can't say it anymore
I'm so excited the face
book page is so fun to be on and
interact with you guys I'm commenting on
it I've been making shayloss videos
every night like right before I go to
bed just to kind of like say hi and
check in see how you guys are doing so
join the shake tobu team feeling great
you know I had a sweet workout today
we're gonna do like a dorm room workout
what do you do if you're going to
college and you can't get out or you're
stuck in your house you don't have a gym
membership you don't have a lot of
equipment how can you still get a good
exercise you have to snake rock turns
here hanging out with me okay I love you
guys hi babe you guys have to wait and
see you tomorrow okay bye
