good morning everybody it is
sandwich-making time and making their
ham and cheese sandwiches for lunch man
cheese ham and cheese that's just the
ham and cheese something you just have
to know that there is a song every
morning we make lunch and that's the ham
and cheese song are you guys having a
good day let's start this day off really
great ready are you with me let's take a
deep breath in ready ahh
we're not gonna think about what
happened yesterday we're not gonna think
about whether we got enough sleep or not
we were just going to from now on have a
really great day are you ready to have a
really great day who will you look
adorable cute outfit heck yeah I can
help you have socks though because if
you don't wear socks if you're gonna
stink kids that's a rule wear socks to
school ok that is one funny thing about
girls shoes I've realized all those
pretty little shoes that you have you
don't want to wear socks with them and
they make your feet stink
ok so I realized there are exceptions to
that rule like flip-flops or whatever I
know I'm gonna get in comments no uh my
feet don't stink I wear these shoes it's
so it's just little kids sometimes their
feet start to stink when they have shoes
that don't let their feet breathe that's
all I'm saying
so wear socks you don't need more seks
but it here you're not allowed to wear
flip-flops to school are you know you
have to wear closed toed shoes and
typically you need socks anyways this
conversation is getting way too long and
you know we have socks you could get
shaycarl are Kyle's dogs hummus awesome
see you baby and you know in this
conversation that we've been having and
I helped a retard with her shoes I've
realized you don't want to take your
shoes yet do I don't you know why
because you never ever wear shoes that
have laces that you wear those very
rarely don't you you like you like your
slip-on shoes time to learn to tie your
shoes kids let's learn today
today's the first day of the rest of
your life and you're gonna learn to tie
your shoes are you excited yeah it's not
hard you'll get it I promise how you
doing yeah that's right it's the first
day of the rest of your life let's get
it started right here on the beach fresh
morning delicious air police officers
looking at me where my officer all right
so Shay Tober starts today I just looked
at my phone it was exciting to see that
one you know like the must have just
changed October 1st been waiting for
this for like two weeks I'm ready man
I'm excited
oh so cool that last night I'm excited
to feel like my body is tight you know
when you eat healthy foods and you can
just feel it getting tight you just feel
healthy I'm excited for that I'm
starting right now and I'm gonna go hard
this entire month mark my words if you
haven't joined us go over the sheäôs
channel and get on the team let's do
this I'm going for a 10 mile beach run
right now here we go zero to sweaty in
zero seconds all right we just finished
our workout it was a killer man heart
burner
calorie flasher Ronald Jenkins Bono
Gregory oh you guys want to go see the
workout we did go to the shayloss
channel we just filmed a whole workout
showed you how to burn some major
calories why do we burn like eight
hundred to a thousand calories hey fella
buddy did you throw up I told you if you
throw up tell me I want to get it on
camera
all right Shay loss has begun if you
haven't joined our team do it man
feeling great well okay it's time to go
home and make out with some hot chicks
namely the one that has my baby in her
belly hey I think you've outgrown your
bed there bro you frickin tire I Sarah
tops
such a beautiful baby I love him he
knows I love him
he look at him he's just like playing me
right now oh sure you know you want to
wrestle with me
oh whoops who's in a robe hi I'm gonna
write my journal today because it's part
of my shade Tober goals and you're gonna
go shoot your show yes
do you really need sheet over you just
wait have a great shoot Olivia bye hey
you guys so I just finished shooting for
my show and realize that this is the
last time I'm gonna shoot a studio show
until I have the baby because we did two
episodes so those will put you know two
in the bag and then I'm gonna do a vlog
talking about the baby's room I'll have
a baby it's one of those things where
I've been excited I've been anxious and
I've been like oh I just wanna have this
baby already and now that the month is
here then I'm gonna have the baby I'm
like oh am I ready oh wait wait this is
gonna get really tough here in a couple
weeks but I'm excited people keep asking
me like are you scared are you nervous
so it's number five you're probably fine
but I am a little scared a little
nervous especially this is gonna be a
new place a new hospital I'm new doctor
and you know traffic in LA like there's
a lot of different factors that I'm like
okay okay everything's gonna be okay
right
my mom's won't be there maybe if Shay's
mom comes out she's I think they're
planning on coming out the end of this
month it might be here on time for the
baby but they might miss it I don't know
Kaylee's gonna be there with me which
I'm super excited about especially
because she's pregnant too and we can
like share feelings and thoughts and cry
together um but it's gonna be really
awesome and you guys will be there too
we'll take you along for the entire
journey breathe okay no support no
appreciation what I'm trying to do my
body
oh crap I can't make that confession to
tell them what you just professed to me
I had a show today that's all and what
did you do at that shoot I need
something what did you eat
he had a maple bar Jonas and I as soon
as I was like I have a confession to
make I was like no don't tell him he's
on he's
October I can't tell one of those big
twisty ones she said actually like I'm
more of a fan of the chocolate ones the
Boston cream filling in them they're
yummy
alright we're going to pick up the kids
from school rock tarts picking up the
Z's from the Sheep jumping me you know
like sheep jumping in count'em rock face
you tired buddy boy I don't want to talk
about it right now father father it's
getting so big we're gonna have a new
baby we just had a baby look there's our
baby why are you making more babies we
have enough we're gonna pick up our
other babies we have kids coming out our
freaking ears she has one coming out of
her vagina
come on Butler kids get in get in your
little brats you're learning today look
all sweaty you playing hard it's a major
plan hey pre tizzle where's your little
sister we didn't have enough kids
already we have to add two more days get
in here engage your rager how was school
did you learn something
a Brailey from a Lee Howard escuela good
did you learn something tell me one
thing you learned I learned that why
what happened what did you punch your
frickin face in don't do that that's not
nice no you got healthy dumpling find
something I hope so Raptor just came up
to me and put something in my shirt I'm
not sure what it is so you guys get to
discover this with me okay is that a
hint this is my breath stink
we got tired thank you fine he's getting
up to me they just put something under
my train clothes that's for the baby
so maybe the baby's breath stinks I
don't know well I'm just making dinner
tonight we're just having a quick pesto
pasta I have these like tortellini
things that I get these things and got
them out of the freezer then we're gonna
put some sun-dried tomatoes and pesto
and then sometimes cheese that's a meal
that my family loves like I don't love
it I don't know why I don't really like
cheesy tortellinis but they love the
smells so it's quick and easy Jay has
another plan for dinner cause he's on
chez tober so I think he's gonna have
some leftover chicken I love you see
dinners especially on a night like
tonight cuz we got Scouts got a busy
night what are you doing babe my turn
hey do you want to tell them the story
that you made up no it's so cute you
should just tell them okay well I'll get
are you up to it okay you know here the
way you was said it was so cute for part
of baby tarts homework she had to make
up a story about a scary pumpkin patch
and tell it to me and then she has to
tell it to the whole family
so later she's gonna tell it to the
whole family well you can change it a
little if you have to but it was really
creative and very cute will you tell the
pumpkin patch story later to the family
you can change a little bit you want to
are you wiggling some oh so we can see
the
hold on need new batteries yeah no
that's the end that's all the footage I
got turned in today hey guys this is
Shane Shea is such a lazy slacker he's
been doing all these workouts so he's
like tired and they have not turned in
the footage I mean what does cliffhanger
left us hanging baby tard what did the
kids do after they went to their play
house after school
I hate my job if you guys only knew the
stuff I have to go through this family
oh I have to stay tuned it's a
cliffhanger
maybe they'll filmer tomorrow who knows
there's a Chane click on some videos I
guess whatever I don't give a crap
stupid blogs by I guess they'll see you
tomorrow
