who's ready for school okay listen up I
want you guys to set a goal today okay I
want you to find one kid at school that
you haven't talked to and say hi to that
person do it Wow your mom's pretty
ambitious just find one person that
maybe seems like they don't have a
friend or one person that's kind of like
sitting by themselves and just go up and
smile and be like hi how are you doing
today you did too
and this coming Tyler yeah what'd she
say see think about that maybe Tyler
would sit there having a sad day and you
came up as a high door and then she's
like can i play with you and now you
just made her whole day that make you
feel good I bet you Tyler was really
appreciative of you
okay sunt are you done with that goal
did you can handle that I think you're
such a nice kid you should try to say hi
to 16 new people well somebody hasn't
maybe you know maybe there's like a
janitor or something maybe like Paul the
janitors mopping the floor like these
brats they never appreciate anything I
do I get here every day at 7:00 I've
been clean up their crappy floors nobody
ever says anything to me
be nice to Paul the janitor baby tard I
think you'd be nice to Prall what what's
up with the boy names in this family
Tyler's a girl and her name's mom is
Paul no I think the tie there was a girl
that he said hi to so Tyler who's a girl
has a mom named Paul yeah are you sure
yeah you're making this crap up all
right well doesn't matter what there
all right love you guys have a good day
okay a good tickle torture out of
yourself on a good day
okay have a great day
get out of the truck get out of the
truck what are you doing weirdo saver
all right see you guys I love you quite
the skate park here and look who's here
Kaelyn she brought her mom mommy grandma
tards here Z is careful yeah so big how
is the food drive I almost said flight
we're talking about it now Haley's
pregnant Haley's pregnant
must be contagious something in the
water anyway there's a giant skate park
being skated over here hey gage rager
miss your uncle Shari those blue eyes
they're so cute I love you I don't have
blue eyes Leonard green oh okay I gotta
go build the annotations the vlog just
with live that's one of it like whenever
the vlogs live it's like club shake no
my wife I'm sitting here putting all the
links in the annotations on the in slate
here's another thing that's frustrating
like trying to pick out a thumbnail and
title every day that's like half my job
because you know the thumbnail and title
are important like that's what markets
your video you want to pick something
that people be like what's that I want
to click on that
so like trying to find like a good mix
of like something that seems cool and
fun to click on but like isn't dishonest
and then like I hate it when I see a
thumbnail like man I wish that was the
thumbnail and then once the video goes
live it's like I don't want to go one
change it sometimes I will if I think of
a really good one but then it's like man
but I look I saw this one of rock turd
kissing me in the sand I thought oh
that's cute that I've been really good
thumb now I don't know I just want with
pregnant chicks are crazy which is true
she is crazy but look get Little Rock
try giving me a kiss in the sand maybe
that should be a tongue nail hindsight's
20/20
you've heard that saying that's like you
know right what that means I'm gonna
teach you a little life lesson here if
you never heard that saying hindsight is
20/20 which means you know if you have
20/20 vision
that's perfect vision hindsight is like
I wish I could have if I would have
known like looking in the past you know
exactly what you would have done you can
see it clearly so if you ever hear
somebody say hindsight's 20/20 it means
like you would have made a different
decision if you don't know in the past
right does it make sense hindsight is
20/20 it's funny there's one of those
things that it makes sense to say
hindsight's 20/20 but then to try to
describe it as difficult it means that
you have perfect vision of what already
happened so you might have made a
different decision knowing what you know
now because you already experienced it
that makes sense but at the same time I
don't ever somebody asks a question like
what's your biggest regret what would
you change about your life I don't think
you can like
I would not change anything even like
the mistakes even the stupid things I've
done because your past is who you are
today your mistakes and your past
experiences are who you are now and I
love Who I am so I don't think I would
change anything you know I'm saying
maybe a few things I want to change
maybe I wouldn't have eaten pizza with
ranch on it that's one thing for sure I
would have never ever started eating
pizza with ranch on it because I used to
love pizza and then the day that I
dipped pizza in ranch I thought oh
that's delicious now it's really hard
for me to eat pizza without dipping it
in ranch which is horrible for you right
like every time I have pizza I'm like
you know what this could use some ranch
that's what I would do I would go back
in time and I would slap that piece of
pizza out of my hand and that very first
time I was gonna go dip it in ranch
because now I'm addicted and I can't
stop if I have a dish or nose Pizza I
can't enjoy it unless I have a little
pile of ranch on my plate to like smoosh
it in you know hindsight's 20/20 I would
have never dipped my paints in ranch
look how much we've learned this has
been a good conversation okay see you
later I'm gonna go make out this hot
pregnant crazy chick catch him doing
something that you go Oh brushing your
hair
your dress is SuperDuper long are you
sure you wanna wear that one comb out
your hair Rapunzel let's go hurry up
number that Brady Bunch episode where
Marcia had to like do a hundred brushes
on each side I thought maybe I should
comb my hair maybe you should too hers
was always so much more beautiful I hate
you Marcia Marcia Marcia
this is my family they love each other
cigarettes that I wonder if the turtles
here and I said he went on vacation to
Hawaii he's riding the EAC bro and I
just was really grateful let's do a
little teeth brushing inspection time
ladies how's it going in here
good clover I chloride it makes your
teeth or fluoride I mean not chloride
listen I want to tell you guys something
look at me both you guys listen to me
when you brush your teeth you got to do
a good job because if you just do it
quick you're not cheating me or your mom
out of anything you're cheating your own
personal dental hygiene out of it your
teeth are the most important well the
most important part of your mouth you
only get one set of teeth after the
first set falls out up and down or go in
circles go in circles that's good you
know what now that I'm a parent like
it's so frustrating promise you kids out
there really
one moment oh I knew we were talking
about they do when you grow up and
you're a pair you're like man kind of
sucks when mom and dad were right cuz I
remember as a kid listen to this story
has wanted me today's story you guys
always like dad tell me a story
when I was a kid mom and dad would say
okay go brush your teeth like so I'd go
in and try to like just do a really
quick job you know put a little
toothpaste on your tongue so that your
breath smelled like toothpaste so I
think mom and dad brush my teeth smell
here but I really didn't but I wasn't
cheating my mom and dad out of a
toothbrush I was cheating my own face I
won the got cavities and I won
to get the shots if I were just taking a
little bit of time about for my teeth I
would have been healthier and happier
what's wasting your time princess hard
well you'll think it's waste of time
when you don't have any teeth and yet
these suit the rest of your life that's
a good idea that's a good invention baby
tart chicken cross the road toothbrush
doesn't need to brush its teeth silly
just make that joke up you need to work
on your material bro
I was not funny you would bomb if you're
doing stand-up stupid now okay getting
bad time for bed why she what she told a
stupid joke no I supposed to do wasn't
even funny it's to encourage I'm not
encouraging bad jokes
how do you get it every time she has
perfect location of my nipple it's scary
every time she just grabs and it's like
right on the a nurple purple nurple we
want the purple nurple get your purple
nurples out of here babe cards you get
clean teeth let's see cheese spit
sessions thick good job okay give me
five let me see look at me have you only
lost one tooth oh you lost GT yeah lost
two teeth huh wind your nets teeth gonna
fall out ten let me see let me see you
think you'll need braces
geez you might need braces what about
you Gertrude you need braces No you
excited for mommy daddy come home I
don't think I've called him by his right
name one time it's like a little inside
joke that me and farness have harness I
hate you I hate that guy really really
harness sorry Bob hey are you monkey
show me what a monkey says what does a
monkey say
well that's very good honey good job
children I love you
go tell your sisters be quite getting
bed every time you wear cells and then
he beat them into submission until they
fell asleep soundly thanks for watching
today's vlog you guys click on
yesterday's vlog click on that feeling
lucky button and join shake tober we're
serious about this we have a Facebook
page a Twitter page and a YouTube
channel three places that we're gonna be
posting recipes exercises workouts
motivational stuff best tips and tricks
for staying motivated and healthy and
like best foods to eat we have all kinds
of stuff planned and a lot of stuff to
post so follow us on the Facebook page
join follow the Twitter shayloss page
and subscribe to shayloss links below go
to che Tober and just come on keep your
body feeling bright suckas click on the
1 2 3 & 4 2 1 a suit the Shaytards were
doing all those years ago how far we've
come and what a journey it's been we'll
see you tomorrow for more of the story
of our lives on this journey okay now
it's just kind of getting weird
