I think we're gonna do the video Gary
are you ready
this might get boring
like your namesake
- a toy
it's beach time and I'm here with Ruth
the moms and that bringing you Devon's
here to her family's going to Disneyland
so it's fun to hang out with family and
friends and then there's shake shaking
oh me I'm busy so the person turn
it off digging again I said turn it off
I feel like he's really like you guys
just so you know he's yelling at me this
is Jay I'm in normal days and then not
tired he doesn't want to get in the
water he's scared this is available a
free free Indian model toes hot but bad
bottle fuzz like you could get
yourself in the back of a diseased man I
make myself laugh that's secret to life
right there I'm I think I'm funny
okay so here's a situation what I'm
adding footage because we don't have any
footage we don't have any footage you're
in trouble
Karen what you're in trouble you're
trouble you jot down the family
so it's Monday you're watching this vlog
on Monday I just plugged in Colette's
camera and there was only one clip on it
I said really one clip over the whole
weekend what my camera counts for my
clips as a matter of you filmed it or
not exactly so the way the Monday's work
it's always like a combination of what
we did like Saturday and Sunday and then
I just put it to Monday cuz you know how
the vlogs work come on you've been
around we upload whatever we film today
tomorrow it's always like a day behind
except for on Sundays we do want to take
Sunday so if we feel anything on
Saturday if we don't upload that on
Sunday because we just do it want to
take Sunday so usually Monday is like
whatever leftover footage happened
during the weekend and so we ever see ya
that's confusing right so here it is
Monday morning and I'm going to edit the
vlog and we only have like five minutes
of footage of like us on the beach and
then like a clip going to church and so
I figured I gotta fill some time but I
just like okay yeah that's why I was
gonna say you guys mommy's a nesting
paste we're gonna go back to the beach
hold on I just I just cut right now I'm
editing this right now you're just
watching us on the beach now you're in
our house with us and we're gonna go
back to the beach in just a second but
mommy is a nesting face what do you need
I've been helping you all morning
you might need more you would plug in
here so this is the great thing about
pregnant chicks is like maybe a couple
weeks before they just go into psychotic
mom mode like shad movements which yeah
gives me a lot of work because I'm like
constantly moving so much like I don't
like that they're moving over here I
just moved this futon into this room
over there
over there move it back and forth and
now she decide she wants it out she
built the desk and IKEA desk which I'm
very proud of her for and she put up my
certificates of Dave Ramsey high J Carl
look there's me in the old days Dave
Colette and Chang and then here's my
certification for finishing Financial
Peace University and this is my entre
leadership certification which has the
momentum theorem which is the best
theorem ever focused in ten
to the overtime equals unstoppable
momentum you can multiply by God um
anyway so it's Monday I love you guys
we'll be back on track tomorrow
Colet skin and I just get the thing say
Tober shea tober last day September's
today you guys eat some ribs chits and
pot because tomorrow it begins I was
debating on whether I should make
chicken curry night oh you're not gonna
happen
dude I kind of started today though like
I don't want to eat overeat tonight cuz
I feel like I'm like ready I'm okay with
that then because it's really time
consuming what a mean run just shot the
very first video of chay tober if you
don't know what che tober is we are
doing one whole month of physical
fitness get in the best shape of your
life on my shayloss channel tons of
content tons of motivation practical
tips tricks and recipes links right here
I mean I'm sorry I'm not gonna work out
but I'm gonna listen most wait I'm gonna
need your help though you promised to
help me this month yes I promise make my
healthy stuff candy so that you don't
have to worry about we got to get ready
we have a freaking giant candy yeah most
of it last night I ate so much you guys
I got there was a carton of we yeah we
watched the last episode of Breaking Bad
which was great and I like it's like
last night was my last hoorah
I like celebrated last night I had
potato chips sandwiches I went in the
fridge and there was like almost an
entire full like carton of rocky road
ice cream I thought I'm just gonna get a
spoon they sit on the couch just how did
Kaylee leave it I thought I'm gonna sit
on the couch with a spoon watch them
Breaking Bad and just nibble on this
rocky road ice cream before I knew it it
was gone I ate an almost an entire
carton of rocky road ice cream not good
for you not healthy and I think because
of that honestly this cold sewer I have
a cold store coming sucks anyways Shay
Tober join us join the team go subscribe
links below this is the last day of
September change your life you know how
it feels to be sick and tired of feeling
sick and tired when you bend over and
you can't tie your shoes you know you go
upstairs and you feel out of breath you
put your shirt on and it feels tight and
your belt doesn't fit change that let's
do it together
me and Ron we're all pumped up we just
shot the first Shay Tober video that I
think's kind of up today actually so
join us love you
switch the calendar yeah yeah
look who's birthday's coming up mr.
Kassem G that don't Ryan that was stupid
all right love you guys uh back to the
beach it's a beautiful day to beat these
kids over here though are teasing the
seagulls with Cheetos and I would just
tell me says you these peoples literally
they will attack them they're sending
out seagull tweets right now they are
fighting a lot of Michael Knight meats
going on repeating the seagull Twitter
community's gonna know their street
Cheetos at Santa Monica beach it's true
and several look at my eyes right with
the che burying party was nice knowing
you honey
I'm in oh man
a lot of pressure yeah a lot of pressure
because everyone's walking on you hmm
seriously is just a family event we just
bury him and then we're leaving
all right can sorry let's get the car
Brittany definitely is one time to Scott
and made of a mermaid like a show Liu to
vote
they think it's funny that they can
stand on him oh alright give daddy
kisses Brock do it again kisses daddy
kisses always been eating cinnamon bears
what is it dad my card
careful jellyfish is your children chin
good sound official Rose things you find
in the ocean Sandman mr. sand monster
you you have it in your teeth you look
like a pirate do me a favor and look at
me and say hi you have something in your
teeth
so do you Oh day another day life of the
shame cards oh ah sure filmed Saturday
live last night you guys know bad news
huh Beck and Kyle got cast on Saturday
Night Live good neighbor ever funny
thank you one day time god I go to
church be reverent
Skyy okay so I'm asking you this
question right now to you yes you
listening right now are you gonna join
Shay tober please join it it's gonna
make you feel better that's the only
reason I want you to join it is so
exciting to me when I get those before
and after pictures when I get those
comments for those tweets or those
Facebook posts where people are just
excited like they feel that fire and I
know what it's like to not feel that
fire I know what it's like to feel
depressed and discouraged and like it's
not worth even trying I felt that too
you guys we all feel that you just gotta
overcome it so join our team we're gonna
talk about all that we're gonna overcome
it and we want to just feel better a lot
of your like emotional health is tied to
your physical health and if we can get
our physical bodies you know what I mean
the skin and bones and muscle to feel
good and healthy and strong you will be
happier and trust me it feels good to be
happy I mean come on raise your hand who
likes being happy if you like to be
happy raise your hand right now
smile and raise your hand do it I don't
care where you are I don't care if
you're on a bus I don't care if you're
in school you should not be watching
these during school by the way pay
attention to your teacher if you're at
home and your family's looking I don't
give a crap raise your hand right now
put it in the air put it in the air your
right arm smile and say I want to feel
better and happy I'm gonna do it join us
starting tomorrow October 1st Shay Tober
check out yesterday's vlog click on the
feeling lucky button and see what the
change hearts were doing 1 2 3 4 years
ago I love you I'll see you tomorrow
