okay I turn the camera on we can't stop
now
can't stop now we just got home
everybody get in here and be cute and
funny but what you guys I just turned on
our life there's a window I just opened
it up I just like wait and I open up a
window to our life right now this crazy
wait so we just got home and here's the
situation on Sundays it's like we get
home from church I'm hungry because I
usually don't eat breakfast because I
sleep into the last minute right go to
church come home it's like you need to
get up and get ready for church and so
then it's like we get home I'm hungry
and I'm like I had uploaded that it
won't take Sunday so I'm like you guys I
still want to take Sunday but then it's
like what are we going to talk about
like are we gonna change so I just
decided to turn the camera on right as
we came in the door and this is our life
this is really what is happening don't
open panda nor Ian's dock Boggs Panda no
Union take them down Bronx and Zeke are
probably the best friends in the world
they even french kiss hey barf Ando
how's it going
it's respond Oh fernette no okay so one
I want the house clean I want lunch made
I'll upload one take Sunday and then
we're gonna watch Breaking Bad season
finale on the way home lesson and
they're breaking the Sabbath are we
breaking the the Sunday rules if we
watch Breaking Bad I'll lay on the couch
yeah it's a day of rest
dude look what you started I guess it is
a sugar day whatever
okay so few announcements we let's
promote the church video that we are in
it's Sunday we can talk about church
shells let's lock that come on blog me P
and Mike yeah okay so you guys glass or
this summer actually July 4th we were in
Idaho you guys know minimal it's that
cabin and there was a document fishing
this is actually a really cool thing I
never in a million years would have
thought that we made a video with the
Mormon Church but we did and you
probably say that a lot of you already
seen excited we didn't make it Google+
it I tumblr it and I talked about in the
blog advanced link but if you haven't
seen it um please go watch it because
like there's this little like maybe I
shouldn't have this but there's just a
little pride thing like where I go and I
check the other videos I'm like I want
our video about family it's not like
well it's not like we're preaching to
you and let's get serious for a minute I
love my family family is it man
that is what matters most it really does
and through the last four and a half
years we've made these videos we've
found that there's not there's not such
the families sometimes are just like
families that are very unhappy people
are always say in the comments or they
commented saying Shan which you were my
dad or I wish I could be in your family
or I wish my happy was happy like yours
do you realize how lucky you are thing
is if you don't have that family now you
can create that family you can have that
family it's just a matter of choice just
like I say happiness is a choice love
and happy families as a choice work it
does it work fine it takes patience it
takes million Sally takes a change in
crappy stinky diaper yeah thanks you
know mom it it takes some cooking
dinners and sweeping floors and
vacuuming carpets and homework teaching
and combing and rats out of hair and
clean it up there's multiple love I have
all my heart my heart is broken up into
five different sections of love no 77
sections like it's a lot of the biggest
section is for your mom so you can't get
an equal section and then Zeke has a
little bit bigger section than all of
you well like my dog new section Malik I
had a big portion of the heart and then
he came over and filled that portion of
my heart so please go check out that
video I'll leave a link below it's all
about families and how families were the
most important thing and you know we're
in church today there's a guy who gave a
talk who gave a very scary statistic the
government did a study and 50 to 60
percent of all marriages are ending in
divorce today how many kids in your
guyses classes how many are their
parents divorced you know do you know a
lot that are there a lot of kids I feel
like there's a you know it's just scary
it's scary he said no you marry is the
most important decision you will ever
make
um anyways so stay strong out there if
you have not the happiest family
situation if you have a happy family
tell me love them show
okay again
and if you don't have a happy family
maybe you need to tell them you love
that's other that's other thing that's
true it's don't give up on the family
you have now be like I'll start over
again okay this first one didn't work
out so well
they're your family make it work go and
tell them say listen family
I'm tired of us not being happy this
might cause more fights like we you
don't think our family's happy but just
love and serve and be patient okay baby
we can film this real quick producer
wants to show off please want to see my
talented daughter she's like a leech on
me right now okay don't put your pants
okay I got to show you guys this trick
the prince is tired wants to show you
cuz she's show off and she's an acrobat
okay you ready I'm always right I'm
always ready
seriously remember push climb up to the
top in the sky like you're going on well
well we should just stop you sure about
deep cavern that she could go to shout
this is where Heisenberg hides his blue
stuff don't watch Breaking Bad it's a
bad show if you go to the very top I
think you me like go up there like put
your your body over that don't fall do
more Oh for heaven's tumor okay she's
secure now can you live up there now
that's your new little place you're
gonna sleep there okay yeah what it's
from hail is it dusty up there yeah what
else is up there or anything like hidden
like Sunil a girl
that's really high thank you
okay climb down can you climb down
though okay yeah just push the cake here
keep against the wall
use your legs hang down you're good I
just push your back you gotta push your
back against that side of there you have
to come down this end we go good use
your hands and stuff - okay sorry
conquering fears they rode up that way
that wall scale at a time okay come down
come on slow mom not gonna her butts not
gonna quit shake and tell you're down
yeah and it really yummy she wants to
just hang out up there come on no come
down hurry up a little bit by a little
bit hurry up but slow get down right now
but don't hurt you you don't get down
here right now I'm gonna ask you to just
take it slowly
hey baby
well you're told her to take her time
I'm still years old by the way well I
have to pee and I'll think about it okay
well that's one takes Sunday here's the
kids we love you guys who's ready for a
great week more junk in the morning on
Sunday morning who was the first to be
ready for church dr. Theo is this
yes have every piece he couldn't find
his tie I put a sign on him
so he was like mom where's my tie and we
found it you put it on you're a handsome
little guy Oh does he put his own little
suit on all right I'm gonna turn the
camera off then you guys can jump all
right goodbye everybody we'll see you
tomorrow
one takes Sunday we hope you have a
great day enjoy yourself
what's the weekend the last little bit
of your weekend Zeke he might light a
fire later get some hot cocoa and read a
good book as he stretches out huh you
guys go check out the picture on my
Instagram when Derek and Breanna were
here Brianna's tall she's five nine he
was taller than her all stretched out we
figured he's probably about six and a
half feet long as he's all stretched out
you're a big rug we're gonna make you
into a cabin rug one day okay love you
guys we see you tomorrow please check
out that video I'll put a link right
below it's just a good video about
family and to us that is the most
important thing there is let me read you
a quote real quick it's one of my
favorite quotes of all time it's right
here on the calendar if one of you guys
got a calendar then you will see it I
can watch month of us maybe remember
watch what that quote was this quote
guys we're gonna do calendars this next
year too but first we have to have a
baby because he's like gonna be the next
character watch y'all Bronx face you
step on the calendar oh my goodness
gracious
nope here we go okay here it is it's
right here nope that's the Dave Ramsey
quotes you guys haven't seen our
calendar this is it I put that quote in
here oh good for is it where's that
David oh oh here that's okay okay okay
okay it's in February of 2013 this is
one my favorite quotes the most
important no that's not it either
this is not going so well here's this
call this is pretty good it says the
most important thing a father can do for
his children is to love their mother but
another quote by David O McKay is the
most important work you'll ever do ever
do is the work within the walls of your
own
just so true no matter you know where I
go in life and what I accomplished
nothing will matter more than this stuff
and the time I spend within these four
walls with these people right here I
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
in our lives these days there's so many
things that are trying to matter to us
emails and phone calls and
advertisements and all these things that
kind of barrage us but I feel like some
of the strongest happiest moments that
I've ever felt in my life are when I'm
with my children when I'm with my family
pods who remembers that part of the vlog
I lost that fish for son tard what's mad
watch the rest of the video click on the
screen right now there's a giant
annotation over that little grin of mine
click on it or if you're on a mobile
device I'll leave a link below
love you guys check out the video see
you tomorrow
