Oh Sean Sutton watch my chocolate guys
Gavin I'm just wait wait wait you just
forget your mother's name forcing it Oh
welcome to vlog and action good morning
everybody
oh so you whack your face on the floor
here he comes
please welcome to the vlog all right
Superman
I'm ready to see it haha guys so so cool
oh my god okay you're so cool
but mom can I keep it right now you've
got it for Christmas as yours don't fall
down the stairs at sea yeah
don't do it sounds pretty gnarly though
to tell you he's a crazy kid I love you
you crack me up
bye-bye I need a high-five from Superman
really tough - yeah okay Jackson had
something you wanted to say to you
tonight what do you want a hey now
Sean's up keep going on a little venture
I'm not really sure where we're going
let's go okay what are we showing them
Wow
do do you make that yep show it to me is
that is room that's cool it's my room
not looks like a closet that's his other
outfit yeah sweat head I'm so cool this
binoculars by far this enemy has our
secret hideout the secret hideout I try
speaking okay I pick that thing oh and
it's hoverboard oh my god
okay I just wanna see me yeah yes I'm
really apprised I'm very cool and neck
up ooh
where was the pool this one oh that's a
little fish tank
Oh a fish tank that's cool right on dude
all right I've been told her some
amazing moves happening right now okay
okay well careful please laughs you
ready to do another one asking your
version if your child is not advancing
give you stand up okay ready yeah
threatening jump up sir oof
Kari puts the roof I'm not too far away
try to love you I'll try it okay okay
just just say sex go all right now it's
time to get our workout on Jackson is
hopping hopping on one foot show us -
hop on one foot
what moment hopping the view I kinda
tried to Train guys and I really wanted
to have marathon and maybe doing a half
marathon with my sister you're gonna get
my button here we'll go home yeah yeah
you know right here's so cute are you
gonna run with me that's okay you don't
have to you don't have to it's totally
over
okay you just hop is a she is on her way
and yeah I'm going to come run with me I
don't know if she's into the half with
me that who can run to the train with me
keep my motivation out are you tendering
out of me no I got the perfect
babysitter just going to treadmill and
make all the kids get on the Ted Mack
yeah
now nobody tires they'll be worn out and
they're not going to go anywhere right
horrible parenting is ice ha ha hashtag
horrible parenting advice all right you
can run the case you know what guys I
was actually thinking of getting some
fair foot running shoes but that how
after uses barefoot running shoes she
says they work better for her and she
doesn't get as much pain in joints with
ya question so Mike's up with I might
try it they're not very few students and
not paraffin I know it's a little bit of
a barefoot running shoes we are talking
ABO all the tricks apparently there you
go do not try this at home I do see that
don't do that ok Jackson good
could you see you whoa that's a good
trick I love you alright we're getting
ready to go guys oh my goodness getting
even just two kids and myself ready to
get out the door to go skiing is a
shorter I could not find any of Jackie's
stuff no gloves no boots
so we're improvising I did find some I
don't know if they fit him anymore full
fee all right you're just leisurely
lounging back well I'm getting
everything ready let's get ready to go
all right we got most everything ready
we've got the skis in the back of the
car
I'm going to get buckled up and get
shoes on because we certainly can't call
that kick yeah we can't go like then
alright we're going to see again Jackson
she's ready to just keep it we've put in
our snow gear for a little too long so
we're getting sweaty and hot and ready
to ski you ready dude you're gonna go on
some jumps this time oh wait this is ox
and a buffalo such a bad attitude all
right there's one run with Daxton dad is
a champion how to do jack
did you like it yeah I am okay that was
exciting
we lost him for a minute but then he
crashed on his own and we were good okay
you're doing a great job she is so cute
Jackson is the cutest he gets going and
he starts Yellin like he is just on top
of the world it's so fun to watch him
enjoying it hopefully we can get those
skills home so that we can take the
harness off that will be exciting whoo
keep going
you got it good job at me we're skiing
the trees a lot they're burnin it's good
keep going and he's 11
Ian she's doing great look rocks down
there let's go see brought Ayers Rock
he's coming down the steep part no cat
tracks for this guy he's learning his
turn good job man proud of you he's
doing really good
definitely a skier now now it's got to
get better
I'll just take time a couple years start
the Pan Am's I'm thinking he'll be first
Olympics by like 1617 I'm just waiting
with it you just forget your brother's
name for swing it off oh sorry you have
multiple brothers yeah so I'm coming yes
I'm zoomed aw I got a long lens yeah my
gosh there's mine but now they're adding
highlight of their class
you bet you use my shaving cream
thank you yeah I know we're like what
else what are you so shaving cream and
glue once you survive choice company
here we have yes
why contact solution those three
ingredients so equal parts how much of
each ingredient I just eyeball it
how do you know Avia how much use of
each ingredient I didn't choose a cup of
shaving cream in a cup wake up
1/4 cup of glue and maybe like to go to
the online that's IP really yeah yeah
who's supposed to make it sticky
he became addiction or the carton of the
canola weirdo Amy belching yeah I think
so I don't really know is example Oh the
host its you have do you have to how do
you keep it something in your hand
they'll grow Oh Gavin is everywhere
you're fired from you making procedures
here's better that's really sick it's
all of your shirt don't get it all over
the house Colette yes I like your
English paper I hate it too Justine AVIC
on my fingers Oh
sure I'm sorry
the funny thing about it is I feel the
same way every time the kids get
anything Kuya
why is this suppose it is fun lightning
look let me to help you instead of
volume no you'll carry you know what you
should do with this this part freeze it
and see if you can peel it off right now
well yeah it's gonna get stained what is
that oh shoot it's right there - no no
that mold Ivy I should just throw it
right in the wash what is it made out of
again
no wait what does it made out of you
guys what is this good what are you guys
doing I'll make more hey how did you
even know to look in there I haven't
even been in that cupboard for a while
Thomas Isaac no like oh my gosh give it
to me no more candy no more candy
I will good job okay it's time to go
crazy
be careful oh great
Bruntlett okay I'm ready what you did oh
man okay I'm watching that's nice
oh gosh okay watch my friends with watch
my flashlight guy oh hi guys hi Hartman
got land on me
Oh crazy good I asked you we lucky this
is me crazy kid they always put all the
pillows and blankets the rehab whole
house
oh my phone thank you oh you're so nice
thank you surprised you didn't fill it
okay guys we're playing one later rock
scissors as in teens to figure out who's
gonna pray tonight basically the winner
gets a break praying as a privileged oh
okay ready we're not going to shoot you
so much all right okay remember what we
did rock paper scissors
okay wait now we have to do a different
one absolutely
okay okay did you hear me okay did you
guys hear
don't tell my ready ready ah paper
scissors you guys we're never gonna
fight okay one more time I am ready yeah
we out no because I can see what they're
doing conveying it loud ready rock paper
scissors okay okay now you gotta do it
between each other okay ready
I mean I guess it's what you guys decide
you can have the losers do it yeah this
is it no don't you take scissors and you
won the last paper to me so bad as I
drop a breather shoot an only like know
everyone my shot faces let me go
girlfriend
no I want to solve it wait when we're
going if you wanna rock paper decision
Oh
that's ready like I'm not learning gonna
get him down gasping you're not supposed
to climb out there oh okay I'm ready
ready okay rock paper scissors
all right okay all right we're going to
go pray
