hey guys here we Oakland hey guys here
we are in our cabin minami just made all
the kids are doing right now but me
Timmy hi there's a really cool fort and
we want to show you guys because it's to
die for
we've got a bunch of these PCO pipes so
this is our entrance I'm going to give
you a little house tour with these rocks
for instance are they walk in and we
have our um like being too kind of thing
and we have their own little basket with
acorns stuff and then there's this oil
can that we found pipe thing and this is
screen it looks like Oh spider web from
here but it's a screen and we found this
little thing to hold some ropes some uh
that what's a copper this is called
start just and oh it's wise what does
this call this wax rocks whoo obsidian f
City so I got up sitting and maybe some
other rocks for different things and
become this way and we have these old
boards on the ground so we can step on
them do have these seats that we haven't
set up yet oh my gosh this camera does
not like to focus anyways we have this
wall and then over there we have that
wall and we have all these piles of pine
needles so like it's kind of like a
little hill come on guys you could do it
let's go together for Gillet I hate
spires all right so this is Gavin and
Brock's fort they are over here yet okay
well that's just the outside of it okay
they've been struggling a little bit
with it anyways the grand finale was sir
completely finished that's them so far -
oh my gosh stop all right we found a
rope yeah very ready teddy hold it just
keep going I'm coming now you have to do
it just did I do it better when you just
keep spinning it just keep going okay
move a little bit closer together cuz
I'm short tallish short dollish nope
that didn't make any sense okay
Mexican okay yeah-oh mixing going to
Mexico I'm not going I mess it up um
that's a good arm workout spin in that
rope isn't it
it is Plato's one all right let's see it
Galvin maybe I'm not ready
you just said recipe I was no goodness
long Janek okay next one ever said did
you vlog your for it yet curls what are
you doing nice yeah okay girls careful
with that rope you weirdos okay fire you
guys have been working all day building
forts I think the girls already showed
you there for over here this one you can
tell he's hot you can tell he's a boy
scout it's a very excellent torch so
nice there's the entrance okay here's
our catch for please I made a lean tool
and I tried this big stick right here
battery you got a drummer yeah pretty
good once I have this big ol sheet of
paper here so nice perfect
what's that the highest we watch for
stars or pirates or whatever up birds it
stops birds and stars in pirate yeah I
love it good job you guys hi we're in
the for it's a blackhead stop play your
drama this is cool look at these days
just out here and he's got a stylish
belt on she's a little crazy okay
yes the wild handsome beast men were
they going hold on are you a snake
charmer do talk about the Golden Hour
man look at this sky right now you're
not impressed okay we're back from
camping we just went for the weekend
it's Monday time to go to school don't
you hate when it's time to go to school
hey are you excited to go to school
what's that yeah sugar toast breakfast
time guys it is getting cold I have read
the Farmers Almanac you guys know what
the Farmers Almanac somehow over time
farmers and scientists and who's what's
this nonsense have figured out how to
tell if it's gonna be a bad winter or
not don't ask me how science I guess
some of them prayed about it but they
say that this year is gonna be one of
the worst winters ever and it's already
starting to feel cheap really up here
and the leaves are changing dude I'm
gonna go show you guys some of these
leaves this morning you guys want to
come for a little motorcycle ride with
me and go look at some of these red
bright orange leaves come on let's go
look I'm gonna show them to you let's
get these kids to school first
is he going to school today thank you
for helping Gavin you guys look what a
good boy Gavin is not only does he have
to get up and get ready for school but
he has to help get his little bratty
brother ready as well where's your mom
off some more gambling or something
oh she's cleaning the for him give up
what's up by that anyway thanks for your
help really do you believe this weather
we're having it's freezing out there
yeah I know I'm gonna go show them the
leaves up there never tell fall is
arrived I'm gonna take my gun up there
and shoot some stuff go shoot since I'm
just like shooting into those hills you
know I'm saying but fire a bunch of
rifles up their heels
find yourself a map there are mountain
lens coyotes the other night two foxes
we're walking around the perimeter and
blondie was barking her head off oh she
would not shut up at 3:00 in the morning
busted you what are you doing yeah good
test it past it okay you guys ready for
school yeah good girl okay here's the go
to school crew the other ones already
left you guys are lucky you guys don't
have to go to school for like almost an
hour after the other kids okay let's go
load it up load it up get it in and get
your education brains on it's time to
learn some erratic you got you're a Jane
and you're a tick and your knowledge and
your literature and your history God and
subjects have their discs Eve come on
it's a breakfast time good morning
is it back this time it's like it's
breakfast time hi mama
FINA kiddies you feed me kiddies I bet
the kiddies morning morning blonde dogs
be nice seek she's be nice to the girl
blondie love you how you doing good okay
now this is a communal buffet right here
everybody's friendly everybody gets a
few bites we're all cool with each other
blondie just has to be careful that the
mom cats not around when she does this
which will get her butt kicked
basically everybody's cool oh my you
leaving
Hey do you love me we'll say it say I
love dad okay I guess that'll work you
know I guess I used to call him that all
the time Wow I'm I did I wonder like
let's go a little Butthead I just dawned
on me the other day like we keep yelling
to him to stop saying that but I used to
say it as like a little kind of like
affectionate like come on Butthead like
a little and now he won't stop calling
us butt heads watch what you say with
your kids ears around they'll soak them
up like little sponges I love you little
precious boy that love you precious
daddy can you say I love you
that's close enough all right sir
have a good day at school I love you
havea okay bye
see you guys
go to those trees dude put those trees
look at those trees come on go get go
get him go get him
it's so fast all right let's go look at
these right trees they are gorgeous
right now I came out the other day and I
looked up and I was like holy cow that's
a pop of color
we'll run him over I'll run that now he
over you better get it on by my
handlebar boy better get bought my run
you all get him hug him
you proudly find me by the snow we sing
court accepted oh-ho it's hip intense
making
we can get it's only 400
man is good not pretend gonna get caught
up in apprentice hi so my footprints on
the season tell my mom that I made it in
the weekend sit and meditate about my
problems I never saw no but all the
homies chasing fight really that red
tree the lighting isn't the best right
now like when the Sun is really hitting
these things they're like neon they're
so bright right now and even like in the
last day they've faded just a tad but
yesterday I came out here and it was
like that doesn't even seem like a
natural color that you would find in
nature but I guess you find all colors
of nature because they nature invented
the colors so I'm an idiot
haha sorry no offense mr. tree you look
beautiful let's take a closer look
Oh Bobo go go gather so pretty so red
gorgeous gorgeous fall time everybody it
is fall time get your pumpkin spice
lattes and take a deep breath of that
delicious winter air alright I hope you
guys are ready for ski vlogs because you
know there's gonna be quite a bit of
skiing this year indeed it's going to be
like the worst winter in a long time you
know I'm going to be up there pounding
those moguls at least 3 to 4 days a week
so I hope you guys like cool winter ski
footage cuz I'm gonna be doing it a lot
and the kids letting the kids are gonna
be rocking it on the mountain this year
alright try to find the reddest treat
boom found a good job you win so proud
of you guys these colors look at that
run it back Brock soccer practice right
now and he's like he was runny and
punching his jacket yeah go sip it up
for Malika what a good brother he is how
are you MA ma she's distracted well it
is getting cold guys I guess summers
really over now it's getting really cold
the leaves are changing and it's
beautiful and I love it
we're gonna have to get ready for chilly
there yes oh my gosh was like totally
Zoo jumped over me
yeah was i zoomed in like up my nose
that damn oh my god I think fit that's
funny hilarious okay we just watched the
footage back yep up my nose you want to
see it your monkey this rookie mistake
alright let's see if he punches and runs
again okay cause look oh he's so cute
just super super soccer star you like
points his little toe when he runs he's
autos
okay we're getting some grocery shopping
done hi hey you were a good boy today I
told him that he could not get sack I
told him that he didn't have to sit in
the cart as long as he would stay close
to the earth I got a good talk yeah okay
close to the cart the whole time what is
that called
yells okay yogurt yeah
I'm glad hey help put it up here put it
up there
here's a cutest thank you you're such a
good helper yeah we've got a few movies
huh so apparently YouTube is running a
brand new beta program on their
annotations and I can only put three
options on the screen one of the options
is yesterday's vlog the other option is
an option that is in the annotations
that is very interesting it says that
the YouTube algorithm will select a
video that is best suited for you so I'm
curious what video is on your screen
right now other than yesterday's vlog
and then of course you can click on
tricks and calm to support our family
business I love you guys thanks for
watching we'll see you tomorrow
click on your screen even on a mobile
device try it
