hi I'm login here alright good morning
you guys today is the day of the teddy
bear parade check it out what's this
bears name um Taylor hmm is it really oh
hi this is my my Tia and playing I don't
know your airplane as we'll have to find
out for we take the kids cake okay I
know this is Taylor's taxi
we got Taylor's taxi and she's got four
um didn't chicken her money in haste
way about her phone at a shoe Swift haha
and she's got her headphones and she's
very gonna what is she drinking a root
beer haha this bear is ready to go out
on the town alright you guys let you go
to school today it's Friday yeah Friday
look for your airplane yeah I can't
learn it you didn't even dry your mind
net that's mom's job mom's job is to
know where everything is in the world I
love you good luck today
whoa Rock Tracks having a hard time he
wants the box he wants to be in the
teddy bear parade
well it's interesting to see all of the
other projects that you know like we're
asks say this is a child's project let
the children do it but you can
definitely tell there's a lot that the
parents kind of helped a lot um I think
I found I'm proud to the girls were
working on by themselves and of course
they can have siblings help from start
helped a lot but it's super cute and
creative I love it Zeke sorry guys this
is the welcoming party oh geez we're
excited all right Derek and his family's
here Zeke is in the house I know he's
our house horse say hi hi
you're cute the girls woke up this
morning they said dad there was a little
girl in the bathroom and she said that
her mom was gonna make her breakfast and
it was gonna be awesome
they're excited to see you where's
breakfast yeah where's this awesome
breakfast I've heard so much about but
now looks like it's watermelon again and
that's fine with me good that's my
favorite Derek you ready to go make a
song no we're working on that I got my
socks on something right I don't like
the chorus the course isn't just right I
wanted to be perfect to her headed back
to the studio today which sounds weird
to me for me to say and I've got hid
under the studio today and work on the
chorus of the new song I just like don't
do that a lot like make songs but we're
gonna do it I'm excited all right back
in the studio here with the best
musician on YouTube you claim that best
position who is who would you say Ron
sounds like going on run fun to be the
face you guys know my favorite lady
danna-banana who's been in many
Shaytards blogs with an ever I need like
a good like nostalgic song like I didn't
get a Dan a Richard song you haven't
subscribed subscribe right now she is
amazing I found her because she was
trying to make an original song every
day for a year I think you were like on
song 150 when I found you
she made like you think it's ambitious
to make a vlog everyday she tried to
make an original song every single day
so she has like 300 400 original songs
checked her out danna-banana
Danna retros links below she's gonna go
in the studio and sing right now hello
extremists
yeah true
that's true and then there's Derek I'm
sure for the show ah okay we're ready
ready ready let's do this Internet did
it date or did he cheating actually it's
fun huh yeah could be in your head
yesterday but it sounds good in the mix
join do it again yeah sounding good Anna
caution live animals on set Carly has a
snake expert on her show today so I'm
showing Derek maker and Carly has like a
snake expert I don't know if he's still
here I hope it is I want to see this guy
snake and his reptiles Oh
when does the reptile guy get here at
4:00 so if I die this is my last log to
all I love you when you're gonna die is
a professional I'm gonna give the
britney spears shop I'm sorry shame to
wear push-up bra
that's the thumbnail here I put the
snake on you wall on my set today a
koala he's bringing a crocodile or and
are good extinct I don't know think
that's crazy
that's how big we do it here so yeah oh
yeah okay love nest goodbye
Carly shooting her show today bye love
you Carly she's shooting her show and
she has like six episodes as she shoot
all in one day
one of the episode says there's a
reptile guy look at her set here's the
set everybody's getting ready to shoot
Carly's show my little sister has her
own show is that sweet it's time for
another I am at high level I really
never count weeks I don't know why maybe
I just feel like it takes too long when
I'm counting the weeks all I know is I'm
doing tour 22nd and today's 27th so I'm
less than a month and I'm excited I this
appointment I really know where new who
might do an ultrasound I'm not sure
let's go see what I'm doing so we are
going to be doing an ultrasound today
because last time we did the ultrasound
my fluid levels were higher than normal
like they were they were on the high end
of normal so she just wanted to double
check today and make sure that they're
still okay and there's nothing to worry
about if the baby has too much fluid
around it back in cause problems that's
why I'm getting another ultrasound today
so we'll see how it goes at least maybe
we'll get to see him around his face and
shake it and be here today he had a
shoot that he needed to be at it plus we
have friends in town so I feel like
we've done this so many times like I'm
okay I'm okay thing by myself at the
doctor stuff with I don't need anybody
to hold my hand unless I'm in labor
then I need his hand god yay want you to
be baby boy good-sized head of this but
head down yeah yeah so it's like six and
a half pounds already right
six weeks and the fluid looks normal
okay hey guys so everything went well we
did do the ultrasound the fluid looks
normal so there's nothing to worry about
and then she tested me for the Group B
Strep which if you're not pregnant you
don't know what the heck I'm talking
about but usually they'll test for I
guess it's like a bacteria that can live
in your system when you're pregnant and
can be passed to the baby when you have
the child like when you're in labor so
they just test you beforehand so that
when you're in labor if you do have it
they can give you like an antibiotic
during labor so that you don't pass it
on to the baby little things that you
probably wouldn't have known but that's
like a normal thing everybody gets
tested for it just in case but it's just
one of those things that it's
precautionary they yeah you know if you
want to know more about it just do it on
the googles okay anyway so everything
looks good and next I think my next
appointments in two weeks and then
she'll check me to see if I'm dilated at
all and I get excited but I'm crossing
my fingers but I'm you know I'm in it
for the long haul so we're not gonna get
our hopes up if I'm not alright we got
all the Tavis
the
and baby tire is so cute I think she's
having trouble with this skateboard it's
not steering very well but all the
pieces helping your that's a nice
getting around the corner is going to be
tricky on super slow that's so cute
you're doing such a good job
it's tricky huh keep skipping over here
let me get a picture of you I got it
you're so sassy sister all right good
job little baby
are you selling the phone from the bear
now hey you want to tell them what you
found
no you found a $20 bill than you what
are we doing that we gave it to your
teacher that's a good idea because
somebody probably locked it and that
really sad that they lost it so that was
very good of you to do it sort of it's
like I wanted the $20 it's always better
to be honest I love you
that is the smallest cutest iPhone I've
ever seen does it have the new software
downloaded are you going to listen to
your music
are you tall smallest iPhone ever
what are you listening to of course
okay so this young lady turn around let
me see it Brenda start she decided to be
the bag lady she voluntarily grabbed
everyone's bags plus the teddy bear load
and is now carrying them to the car
what's service like bag valet how sweet
you're gonna be a hard worker princess
card I can already tell I mean you
already are for efforts are going to pay
off one day means if you're a hard
worker you're gonna be successful
there's nothing like watching the Sun
set off the Santa Monica Pier and going
on the swings you guys having fun we
mean sort of sorry baby I gave you like
five underdogs you're doing good dude
you've learned how to pump I'm proud of
you hi Brielle
baby showers really getting those legs
working she finally learned how to pump
good job just keep it up just keep going
you'll get higher and higher use those
ab muscles princes Todd shadow oh oh oh
crazy and she's down okay let's see the
spin let's see the spin there she goes
spinning next to the spinning ferris
wheel okay you guys you probably can't
see me well but you can't see this weird
dome we're down here in Santa Monica and
there's some sort of like Yoga LSD party
come on like look at the look at the
people in here just dancin yo this chick
she's really getting into it she's
spilling the vibe you gonna go in there
totally okay you guys update on our date
we've left the Santa Monica Pier now
we're near the 3rd Street Promenade be
able to Buca di Beppo 's and have some
Italian food and Little Miss car least
izl is here I always do that I always
make that Marissa do you watch yourself
in the vlogs me like when I do that no
if the screen caption like what was your
basement H meet him - ok they do that -
Colette all the time give us your
standard cross-ice hung out she going to
she's like she does yeah yeah she never
knows what's going on some tire let's
see how whoa yep just like that that
could be a great thumbnail there there's
lots of thumbnail options here me good
thumbnail option Carly
yeah that's maybe one lock option I'm
yeah do it the walk come on do the walk
you got to the voice with the walk don't
be shy do it do it do it they want you
to do it sorry you guys she's a special
person did you hurt your mother here so
keep all the muscles we've got a stretch
before you do the walk perfect Prince to
start let's see to the walk you don't
really want come back looks under has it
okay do it go those people are cracking
up they're like they're like what did we
just see okay let's go get some chicken
parmigiana
there's the Miller family did you find a
spot here Dana okay guys here include of
F us and they have a picture of my
spaghetti you guys know I jumped in that
noise I did I jumped in that that was
I'm not even joking
no I jumped in that bowl of spaghetti
you think I'm joking it's on YouTube you
go to youtube to see it I was a bigger
man then I was late getting there that
day so I wasn't there for like the
official picture but there's a picture
in there and the other one some guy jump
in it and I see it that's me dude I
swear it's me okay I have a beard you
guys stay here I'm gonna go back they
come okay we're going back to the
kitchen
my picture well we'll be right back guys
dude I was I lost 100 pounds is that you
that's me that is me right there J Carl
dive it into the bowl that hits me Joey
that's me right that's me jumping into
that bowl and I'm Joe I've lost 100
pounds century that is me diving in
there you did yeah it was great
you guys remember it on YouTube you go
watch it I made a video I'm making a
video now kids want to be in it Oh
see you guys on famous I'm in a bowl my
claim to fame if you haven't seen that
video I will link it but uh yes I hold
the world record for jumping in the
biggest bowl of spaghetti little facts
about me
we saw my spaghetti bowl yeah aren't you
in love with me I'm a spaghetti monster
your spaghetti monster who worships the
spaghetti monster yes say yes we're
talking about okay let's see how is
dinner every have a good dinner
yummy yummy Oh delicious dinner yeah
look at these two over here are you guys
in a business meeting sorry I don't mean
to interrupt you guys doing some
business over here these girls have been
sitting over here at this table for like
ten minutes just hanging out I don't
know what they're doing oh goodness
the best part just arrived that is a
monster right look it was up to bat it's
as hard to see those eyes all right you
guys I'm not sure what you're gonna have
for dessert cuz this is princess cards
that is delicious we are in a parking
garage and I can't get in the car che
dad won't let me ride in the car until I
film dad said I can't have a ride home
until I get him being ridiculous
look what he's doing yeah I don't know
what what's happening with that glow
what did your wife tell you before we
left this right now she's not don't mess
with that okay here we go
yeah I don't think we've been I think we
exceed the limit and this car buying me
thinks we're crazy
look at the doors open for me to get
them oh you're leaving your mark on LA
yeah get in your all right I'm in
trouble on a big trouble go ahead before
we came I said honey we're gonna happen
oh when we go down to Santa Monica it
was like super fine I'm like no just
take the time we'll take it all and we
can find a burger bar one point three
perky how do I get out of here we're not
yet
we're hitting we are not short enough to
fit under here and we keep dragging the
roof rack on your Fineman is she's
pissed where's the exit oh man okay I
gotta go guys
Oh oh my gosh okay bye
half the paint from the Third Street
Promenade Santa Monica parking structure
is now in racing stripe formation on the
top of our roof racks sorry honey
it was a definite one of those I told
you so moments Collette was like take
the roof rock rack off I'm like no I
don't want oh and it was quite the show
as we're getting out of the parking
garage everybody was looking at us like
what are those crazy Idahoans doing uh
welcome your weekend hope you guys are
having a great weekend check out
yesterday's vlog click on that feeling
lucky button and what were the Shaytards
doing one two three and four years ago
today we filmed it every freaking day so
go watch it with your eyeballs
hey little heads up shade over starts in
two days join our team you guys we are
going to be losing weight in the month
of October getting in shape and feeling
the best you've ever felt
so click on that shayloss link below and
you know what you'll see it tomorrow
like always
