hi I'm logging here don't you ever say I
just walked away and I just took you to
school everybody ugh morning a busy Shay
I have a four children and I'm gonna
have another one but what is making a
baby a little but we we love I'm in the
wrong name yeah Roger do you think you
cannot scream for two seconds we're
bored on oh hey Dad freakin pill bored
oh what's it called American Horror
Story have you guys seen that billboard
it's like this white snake out of these
three people's mouths
Oh grosses me out I hate it you said on
the bus
yeah that's a gross image I do not like
not a fan of that image seem like it
looks house is just gross yeah I think
it's good what I feel you fill the truck
with what water balloons you gonna throw
them with people during lunch break yeah
water balloons I love you kinda you're
pretty cute that's a really big one baby
like eggs all right you guys today is
the first day of the rest of your life
try to gain some knowledge just a little
bit more every day at a time
I gotta go punch him right in the
freaking face I'll be right back hey
rock and Roli oh is that your sandwich
get all in the middle and put it back in
order like a puzzle please to get
sandwich puzzles for breakfast
I wanna watch a movie y'all come fold
money with you watch a movie in a minute
okay
well you won't like Jubilee sure you
guys notice he adds if at the end of it
watch a movies - is it a movie or movies
is that mom I'm busy bringing my orange
juice he loves it when I make lunches
for the kids I'll make his lunch and
then he'll end up eating it for like
brunch
after we get the kids to school I know I
say that all day long he's so adorable
adorable oh did you make your bed all
right let's see it Oh your bed is not
made dude it is yeah that's dad yet oh
you mean the man with the yellow hat is
daddy and you're George baby oh I love
my life
I eat baby kick oh you want to see the
baby kick okay he's got to be really
patient cuz he's not kicking right now
I'm really patient get baby wait I think
he's sleeping right now he's not really
kicking but if you keep screaming he
might I like the baby - honey and you're
my baby - I love you you being my fall
gonna be my blog so cool
sure hey guys shaycarl here we are in
the studio that's like way cooler of a
thing to say than i normal
I'm the studio I'm gonna tweet that in
the studio with my buddy sat on the mix
and the ones in the twos Rauf used to
sit here he's over at make rodeo Ron
that's his I think I saw his naked body
in there we are putting together the
song for I got my socks on Ron sing the
original one and he sounded way better
and then I sang I'm like no I suck I'm
not gonna be in these guys like no you
do shade they believed in me and then we
just put the little rap down so I am
excited for you guys to hear this song
shake it out about that oh yes do you
guys have this conversation we're just
talking about vlogging and how when
you're a couple and you vlog then
sometimes it's like honey did you get
footage why did I get my edge she went
this is her camera and she went into
that room and she left it here I'm like
okay Lauren I number one thing that I do
I know right it's really difficult
sometimes I will miss the best moments
because I don't have pockets yeah that's
true she is not funny cheers I have a
lot of pockets I don't know my god I go
bag though so true with it little baby
soon I know I'm so good so if you guys
don't know this is Nikki and Brian and
this is mother little baby
the only tard Alucard
that rolls off the tongue okay I just
ate this awesome chickpea salad that's
made with some type of Indian food with
like courier ginger or something but if
I had a ton of it so hopefully my breath
doesn't reek when I'm out there talking
to Carly Carly okay the children are
home from school did you learn something
today son tarts tech deccan away tech
tech tech tech deck in a way Ron and I
made a rap song today Ron helped me in
my rapping yeah and we have the
babysitter here yo yo yo
would you like some mac and cheese
because we just made some oh did you
there's enough for everyone
save run want some would you like some
mac and cheese would like some and if
you only want a small snack we have the
olive bowls are you from Minnesota and
you're Minnesota yeah who's from
Minnesota is that how your mom talks we
were akhtar down there he's scarfing his
mac and cheese is a yummy don't talk to
me that that is the same shirt that I
wore to preschool Mary moppets yeah
don't wipe mac and cheese on my shirt
bro it'll whack mac and cheese mac and
cheese see salinities all right some
tired let's see what you got here dude
I'm impressed ollie kickflip over the
dishrag that's high who can tech deck
better than that anybody can Ollie that
I that's impressive man I feel like
that's impressive
landed it Rufus did you learn anything
at school today did you learn anything
at school today what you lard school
buddy
zigzag what we're doing what are we
doing on the play on the play what's
going on I'll bite I'm gonna anytime son
Todd finds cardboard it has to be a ramp
it's like no matter what he finds he can
tech deck it
she has a glitch there's a glitch in the
babysitter mega cheese served up young
man would you like your mac and cheese
okay uh let's on her way home from the
mobs view she said the moms you today
hopefully you checked it out it's live
if not you can go re-watch it
youtube.com slash the moms view very
special announcement today one of the
moms from the hotness of hairspray crew
is pregnant not my wife you guys already
knew that but another member of the
families have been the baby
ideas know who dis C is no no my mom
we're having another kid my mom you guys
know grandma was pregnant where have you
been oh is in the car like there's
princess turds
hey our fondo keep giving that dog
different names so I can never remember
his name so I've called him Rambo or
thon doe Rondo go to the beach is it fun
you just jumped in the ocean well if
your school is that close to the ocean
you might as well go sit in the ocean
every once in a while when oh we're
gonna rehearse my face ready yeah it's
not the real countdown that's rehearsal
camp down there crew
hey everybody welcome to another episode
of TMP live my name is Shahzad we've got
the whole gang here Harley's back I'd be
Wyoming ran a two-phase yeah yeah
welcome miss if you wanna tell us a
little bit about the show okay so we're
getting ready to film our second episode
they're messing with the light guess who
this is me I was just touching my
chicken wings we're getting delirious
cuz it gets hot in here isn't she the
most beautiful lovely her might get
people Harvick up thank you darling and
for some reason we all got the green
memo I know
green earrings oh it's like it's like
fallen angel has an orange yeah orange I
only have like you options for pregnancy
outfits right now okay guys I'm not
buying more clothes you're just gonna
have to deal with the filtering through
all of these pregnancy clothes oh yeah
just wear a shirt you have a pail Silas
oh I just created a new segment your
husband says shirts pregnant stylish mmm
good luck with that
I do wear his v-neck sometimes because
they're not as like that do I don't like
prison crew necks and men's shirts that
are like so high that you wear a
turtleneck and you're eating apples and
I'm down in the licorice root of Jeff
anything just I got here we do and we
got mom a natural green until she's due
in November yes Thanksgiving yeah super
awesome the ladies are home the queen of
my kingdom
the princess of my palace my liege the
loveliest lady in the land is finally
home
we're trying we're trying we're trying
to get a look at ant parlays here get um
Zeke Zeke wants a kiss - Zeke wants to
be part of this love fest Oh Carly your
cell phone charger you left in her gear
charger you left her cell phone charger
here how was the mom's view it was very
good yeah he had a lot of fun and I am
sweaty pic - yeah that's my job I know
it gets hot in that room okay there any
fun I wasn't able to get on there
because I was at the studio sorry yes
today you can always go watch it again
on kami we're trying to promote your
crap on my channel you will watch you
know you want to okay we're the dinner
crew we got sent out to get tacos we're
gonna get some tackles for the familia
dinner crew hands up in the a wave them
around like your names rocked a Yad my
taco we're gonna go get your taco
getting some nachos as we talk with some
tacos eat some nachos okay I'll get you
one you want beans on that you want
pinto beans or black beans okay I'll get
you taco you guys realize we are t-minus
four days till sheight over and stoked
man I'm gonna go all-out hardcore I'm
gonna do an experiment on my body that
might sound weird that's hundred check
out the new shayloss video I explain
what I'm talking about I have such a
good daughter you guys she just saw this
would you get she found that sitting on
the ground so she picked it up so that
she could throw it in the garbage go
throw it over there dude you're a good
girl
cleaning up the world one donut box at a
time very proud of you which reminds me
I still haven't used those Dunkin donut
cards that that girl gave to me when I
was in Boston I gotta get some donuts
hope for days tell che Tober maybe I
should splurge on some doughnuts before
it starts
I ain't helpin any after all right daddy
delivered to daddy deliver what's going
on with the belly
but deliver that in a month from now
spicy cheese sea chicken I have my
favorite face yeah I hope you say hi you
have to tell the story about this
morning this morning we were driving to
the Campbell I'd shoot
check it out on TV and garlic was
driving and she just reached over my
hand on my belly and he like put his
feet ahead to be his book cuz he's head
down put his foot up I'm like just
kidding what's up I'm here and he hadn't
been moving before that she despair he
said hi good morning Dan Carly every
time I'm around this belly I yell at him
I'm your favorite ever did you ever
forget go brush your teeth
bedtime you guys ready for bed Pete all
right sounds good bro you just grabbed
my hand and looked into the cameras and
I don't have an exact time with I would
ever he said I can remember right our
fondo hey Rambo hey our new foe I call
him commando hey ruff Ando okay it's
time to build things now teddy bears on
parade to the teddy bears on parade
that's a good idea
skateboard to a box and the teddy bear
sits in the box Zeke if you eaten yet
does he need to eat come over to see
I'll feed you teddy bears on parade hey
get the girls to do that you should be
doing that girls get your butts down
here get out of here build this teddy
bear float
besides me is ever feeling he's gonna be
scary
yeah I'll probably get in there good I
am brother Taylor flow right now okay I
want to pretend like I am in the video
you just crashed the bear does he have
an air bag great he has some minor
lesions to its face okay here you what
is he got here a phone explain all the
features with a dollar and it I have
some cash if you're on the road you
never know when you have to buy a hot
dog or a taxi always in a bear attack
see that little Australian bears that
somebody gave us in Australia bears on
parade can your bear do a kickflip oh
yeah some card is gonna help in a purse
comes with a whole outfit again I'm
gonna pull it
there's the bear spikes over the bear
missed you just dumped your dustpan on
the floor maybe I can help you I have
been helping hotel I might help you in
the house to get tan and you made dinner
I made dinner I cleaned the thingies
don't mind that corner became this and I
did the dishes
maybe you got is this this is all this
is where we hide our drugs at pair huh
these things well I'm just saying if
we're gonna need to hide something
that'd be a good spot to hide it up
there get all kinds of vases and valises
and plants
colors in this kitchen I think it's my
favorite color
yeah you got some yellows and blues and
reds and plates and blacks and all kinds
of stuff okay come clean up after your
freaking bear stuff it's time to go to
bed you got school tomorrow
TGIF it is Friday but you still have
school get cleaned up or I'll punch you
in the face tell your drool what's he
drinking Oh looks like rock cards
helping them have a little spread at
school you're having the grilled chicken
sandwich for lunch you taking orders
very much yeah I have to know beforehand
so I know what to start making when I
wake up so see they like I'll into the
better yes that's a good mom baby tired
you want school lunch your mom lunch
tomorrow
mom lunch princess are you going mom
lunch - what do you want bro
mom lunch girl chicken sandwich are you
sure quickly you're the winner mom I
think when I was again I loved school
Oh neat your lunch - oh happy TGIF it is
Friday ladies and gentleman that is if
for any reason a reason to smile that is
a good reason to smile welcome to your
weekend all right very important two
videos that I really really want you
guys to check out today one shayloss I
mean we're talking for days people we're
gonna change our lives I just uploaded a
video last night to the shayloss channel
links below I have to keep this feeling
lucky button open though the filling
lucky button is not going to be for the
shayloss video today there's a very
special video that we worked on this
summer I have kept it a secret from you
guys but we shot it while we were in
Idaho during the fourth of July with all
of our family my mom my dad my grandma
my grandpa my brothers and sisters the
whole family was there check it out it's
a very special video to us and it means
a lot because family is the most
important thing in my life
it is Who I am it is everything I am and
I just I hope that all of you guys can
have that happiness and if you don't
have the happiness and the family you
have right now
you can create that family I promise you
and that is my testimony to you so
please click on that Phil and lucky
button today go check out that video
it's a very special video to us and I'm
honored to be a part of it I love you
guys I will see you tomorrow give me
kisses your breath stinks go brush your
teeth I just get it it's great I love it
was that mint gum I like it can I have a
piece okay I gotta go bye
