okay hello good morning it's another
beautiful day here in sunny Southern
California it's not so sunny today a
little cloud overcast Ness I got Harley
Mullaly you need to even festered him
and look at my socks I got myself she's
got her socks on she's got her soft so
home she's got her shape Carl stop song
yeah hi I'm Ron here with the camera
he's the paparazzi holy it's fun hanging
out with my sister I don't get to hang
out with my sister we're gonna do she's
five let's try it you want to try to do
it let's do it let's be hurting that
door down here so we are shooting
another shayloss video right now or
shape topor we're going to stare at
university that are like steep and even
just doing that once as killer I told
probably try to set a goal to do five of
these stairs now we're gonna stop and
get water here at Tarja okay so we're
getting some waters and Carly just told
this lady that we're gonna have a wet
t-shirt contest she's gonna pour the
water on me and run thank you you know
good day Ron you're supposed to wear
your okay up there we go there we go
okay thank you bye I gotta pee before we
leave guys I'm getting that nervous
before the workout pee all right ladies
and gentlemen these are the devil's
stairs right here this is such a hard
workout your heart and legs are gonna be
dying when we're done okay you guys
ready we've agreed to do five there and
back five times even going up there once
you are sucking win majorly okay you
guys got to go for an Instagram pic ron
has to carry all the camera equipment up
your heart is beating fast and you get
the top of here okay this is this is one
that's one what do you feel how you feel
we do it for more Ron how the legs doing
my job my job they get pretty shaky on
the way down those stairs know that
their goal that's the great thing about
setting a goal before you do it is you
would stop we have to do five we might
die we're gonna do five what do you get
Carly all right mr. guacamole head is
here it's supposed to pull it in pull it
in thank you Phil the legs those little
legs
hey Batman what do you want to get for
lunch
well the sprite what else one you want a
quesadilla hate to be in the sprite okay
that sounds good bro I'll order it for
you are you mean a big helper
he loves to help there's it's a good
helper so we've got some friends coming
into town coming tomorrow
Harvey's not sitting with us so much
take care play it we're trying to get
the baby's room ready for our friends to
come over
Thank You Metta paneer bath
wow you look great dude you got the
tight pants on turning the swim
Cinderella sing him to sleep we're gonna
go in to watch some cards swim and then
he fell asleep and I'm not gonna like
it's pretty heavy to carry around right
now so I just let him sleep
but now we're headed to go get the girls
and watch them for a minute so hopefully
we can do the stroller transfer and that
will go smoothly but we will see just
keep singing Cinderella keep singing
when we got here you may have put me in
labor by carrying them up here but okay
would be okay with that if that happens
I'm getting really tired of being
pregnant I know I should wait a couple
more weeks before I get anxious but you
know it's just not really that fun
anymore
I'm ready to have a baby in my arms
I'm bummed I got here too late to watch
baby tard
but at least she's excited to have an
iPad all to herself
she doesn't have dessert with robbed art
how'd you do today you climb the rope
did you have fun did you what else did
you do
if you do cartwheels fun did you jump in
the foam pit not today
did you make a funny face at your
teacher now will you make a funny face
at me well there's one thing for sure
it's definitely making my kids strong
okely-dokely uh men it has been a crazy
couple days this week I feel like we are
more busy this week than we have been in
ages we're watching three dogs we hut
Bronx and we got Arthur about the knife
Noel's dog and we got KC and Kaylie's
dog and my best friend from high school
is in town they're in Anaheim right now
going to Disneyland but my buddy Derek
you guys remember my buddy Derek who did
they the grand fondue that bike race
with us and we were in Logan with Logan
and Logan with Logan Logan's a city in
Utah but it's also the name of my
brother so Logan was in Logan
hypothetically speaking
anywho what selected the kids - they're
you know vigorous routines of gymnastics
and swimming and I am headed to the Soho
House I'm not really sure what the Soho
House is I think it's like a gathering
spot anyways I'm on a panel tonight I
believe with mystery guitar man and Olga
Kay I'll let you know when I get there
Kay I'll put them on my camera
I love lost Cienega La Cienega is a
great road it's better than the 405 in
my opinion what do you guys think
anybody live in LA and the Hollywood
sign is right over that hill right there
crap you guys bloggers worst nightmare
my battery's about to die look at my arm
it's like infinity arm look see
million of them check out this view I'm
here at the Soho House with this view
over Los Angeles button with mirrors
button with it you see there's like a
million shake cars look all my hands
yeah my battery's about to die okay
gotta turn off because I want to meet
again Joe and get on camera after and
shave for some reason started calling
him Fernando opto Fernando sorry Britten
Austin but we've renamed your dog sober
I've tried staying up late tonight
because he took a late nap and then he
peed on the couch so we had to take a
bath huh yeah I know you're super
excited to see the top oh yeah we clean
while I cleaned it while you were taking
a bath already did that part do you like
your monkey jammies yeah he loves those
Jimmy's he would wear him every day if
he could and when they're dirty it's
just so sadly yes to wear different one
is or are you gonna clean it some more
thanks dude you're super helpful remind
me to put that dish towel in the laundry
whose own mess oh you just lay the towel
there and it cleans I wish it were that
easy
good job honey Oh mr. daddy I didn't
mean come over here tonight so for now
okay slobber
okay so vlogger fail my batteries died
and my camera was useless so basically I
was at a panel at the Soho House it's
this swanky place in Hollywood I
instagrammed this picture of the
bathroom we had a panel in this red room
it was really cool mystery guitar man
was there
all good k good friends for the last six
years it was a crazy time and then I
came home and made out with Colette
thanks for watching today's vlog check
out yesterday's vlog click on the
feeling lucky button one two three four
oopsie-doopsie do dingaling a Wingull
i don't that means huh I love you guys
so I'm going right now to go finish the
I got my socks on song for the music
video I have to run over to the music
studio with hi I'm Ron right now so if
you have shot a video of you dancing in
Argyle sock stay tuned I will tweet you
when I need those videos if you are
still wanting to be in the music video
then order some socks links below bro
okie dokie love you and as always we
will see you ma√±ana
