hi I'm log in here good morning get
about it early in the morning and it's
lunch
hacking time today it's funny this year
the kids have run into me to pack them
more lunches they used to like school
inches a ton but now they're like my
packed lunches are better let's just say
anyways I was just making sandwiches and
it was funny because I was thinking but
we have to buy Miracle Whip and Mayo in
this house whenever we make sandwiches
because she likes Miracle Whip and I
like Mayo I don't like in some hard has
it lately expressed me that he likes
Miracle Whip on his sandwiches so he
clearly has the same taste of che and
the girls have the same taste as me they
like me out anyways justified it bit
here's my beginnings of my turkey
sandwiches for my children and no peanut
butter is not part of the turkeys I
started out with peanut butter and jelly
for baby jarred change to jerky and
there's when telling you all this
because I think that you want to know
don't you want to know don't Jeff okay
my dad show them your lunchbox it's so
cool it's actually not a new some hard
times box but hey girlies friends make
fun of amazing spider-man lunchbox
yeah that's Arthur say hi Arthur yeah
we're taking care of the nose dog or
they're on vacation this week ah I'm not
sure he thinks about the big dogs
they're kind of overwhelming aren't they
but he's handled them well he's done a
good job anyway it's under so your
friends make fun of you if you have a
spider-man lunchbox I guess you're too
that age well I can't use his regular
lunch boxes you got salt all over in it
so you're using a target grocery bag
instead of lunch box today huh
Elise is not right around
finally Scaramella yes it's sad when
they become a boys and they don't like a
little little boys yeah oh well I guess
I'm having another one all right my
little builder you helping mommy you're
such a good helper
we're building a rocking chair Seba but
I'm tired seven seven seven laboratory
okay we are building a rocking chair and
rock-hard is being super helpful he
loves it any time I'm like building
something you're putting something
together you're fixing it with what an
allen wrench that's right good job
you're such a good helper I'm excited
about this chair because it cost much
less than all the other chairs that I
found like when you got all the baby
stores like Babies R Us or whatever
they're like five hundred dollars for a
glider I'm not gonna pay five hundred
dollars for a glider chair so I got
online I found this one for two hundred
let's hope it lasts but I keep kicking
myself for throwing my last one away cuz
it was only like a hundred bucks and it
was a metal one it was pretty sturdy the
cushions were just kind of getting old
so I gave it away but I'm like I should
have just read upholstered it it's fine
we got it this one seems to be good
we're gonna try it out and see oh did it
fall that's okay well I'll help you fix
it okay let's put it back on I'll help
you
okay you do it upside down he is a
little better he loves fixing things he
was working with his hands doing like
cooking building all those little things
he just loves it I think it's so
adorable
spoiler alert spoiler alert I knocked up
Carly Maya
what what oh snap all right so these
ladies are about to march out some
burgers yeah yard all right don't mind
me Curt roll this let's get a great shot
we're all excited imma bite well it's
kind of cold than I thought you're still
gonna eat it I'm not sure you guys don't
like go crazy then just go crazy just
you know eat it like you normally do
okay a ravenous monster you're just
standing there holding it awesome you
can't get a bite my guys here show my
cleavage
seriously guys you mean young girls dude
that was just your friend
okay we're on said Carly's doing a video
don't watch it it's stupid so this is
Shay right it might leak Arum hi I'm
Mike I'll be getting my love and love
love love oh my goodness shaken baby
syndrome that Arthur what is that little
rock Tyrone I've seen a lot of weird
things it looks like your belly was
twerking it was I'm belly toward belly
towards heart love us so ridiculous
right now okay guys watch this I'm gonna
go up and stop looks like a water
balloon watch it I'm like going to my
truck and stop it it's like oh poor
little tiger taro ever gonna call him is
in there like dad what are you doing
yeah okay ready hold so it's the water
balloon today is a busy day I already
went and lifted weights this morning and
then we went to Carly's and in a shoot
it's one of her like don't be that
whatever it's don't be that pregnant
chick probably assumed by seeing behind
the scenes and all we just picked up the
kids from school and now I have to head
to Santa Monica to go to an Amanda
Russell shoot we're doing a shayloss you
were already doing shoots for Shay Tober
you guys join us get on board
join the team I'm going right now to
Santa Monica to meet Amanda Russell
we're going to exercise video and then
tomorrow morning I'm shooting with my
sister Carly Stiles for another workout
video so we're gonna have all kinds of
different people involved in Shh over
and it's gonna be quite the month you
ready to have a baby so ready so ready
so we're free think of all the way
you're gonna lose in October I know you
will lose a lot of weight in October how
much weight dealers probably is like 15
pounds when the baby comes all right
because the baby's like 8 pounds then
how much is like water and stuff in
their jaws probably like 12 to 15 pounds
like in one night yeah that's great we
should wait you right before and then
like it's an amazing feeling like that
when the baby comes out it's like just
feeling empty is like right well I can
imagine what it's like you know those
times you just take a giant dump you
like a glass house good the only thing
that doesn't feel good as your belly
still then it's like full having it's
not more numbers like a bullet limiter
and it's like oh but it feels lighter so
it's whatever okay it's running home I'm
gonna upload the vlog get into my
workout clothes and head to the shoot
what are you guys gonna do when you get
home homework clean your rooms homework
clean your rooms homework clean your
room homework sleep clean you're impo
more clean your room homework sleep
sleep sleep yeah here we are on set
beautiful Santa Monica beaches you know
my rings are right over there they my
beaches in the beaches ok Ronald hey
guys you ready for this man look at this
you got like real equipment and stuff
I'm virtually a professional hurtfully
he almost knows what he's doing i 45%
know what I'm doing ok what's the date
today - 24 24th we're already shooting
for shake over you guys we want to have
exercise and routines ready for you
practical information and knowledge it
can help you get the best shape of your
life
are you ready feel amazing
are you ready to feel fantastic alright
that's stupid
here we go I'm gonna start sweating here
any minute I've been thinking about like
what I want my goals to be because you
got to set practical measurable
reachable realistic goals so that you
can like work towards because you have
to have something that you can set
what's like I want to be able to do this
by the end of sheight over so one of the
things that I decided because I was at
the gym today doing shoulders I was
doing a push press and I saw this guy in
the gym doing power ups he's in order
power ups like me do a pull-up then you
like pull up so fast and hard that you
go up above the bar Shane show a power
up there called muscle ups dummy head
by the end of october i want to be able
to do five of those and i don't know if
that's gonna like overreaching a little
bit because i've never been able to do
one before but i think if i just like
really just go all out and just lose
trim down and just work on my muscles I
feel like I could do five powerups
muscle ups by the end of Shea Tober plus
another goal I want to do is try to hit
eight what do we decide eight or nine or
ten percent body fat would it would you
say oh we set a proced eight percent has
a six pack six pack
I got we got to find a place where we
can go in like and measure my body fat
before we have to fingers I know yes sir
I gotta know where I'm starting at but I
wanted 20 if I'm at 20 I prime not gonna
cut ten percent of my body fat but I
want to get down to a certain body fat
percentage I got to figure out I got to
be realistic with that too so I'm
already starting to think about my goals
about what I want to be able to do at
the end of sheight over so think about
your goals what are your goals gonna be
so we're right here the Third Street
Promenade is just like one block over
that way and the Santa Monica Pier is
right behind us you know what's crazy
about this spot who remembers what
iconic moment in my life and Shaytards
history happened right here leave in the
comments below if you remember the vlog
the made everybody cry because of ol
mommy tard getting all teary-eyed ron
was there as well let's ask her on the T
remembers remember the last time we were
here together oh hey remember the last
time we were both right here what were
we doing remember
we were running the Los Angeles marathon
this is the finish line right here do
you remember that barely bad memory you
want to forget yeah I do the finish line
is right here of the Los Angeles
marathon ok here we are with Amanda
Russell you guys know Amanda we've done
stuff with her before what the very
first time when me and Ron were doing
the Tuesday weigh-ins Amanda put us
through a workout you remember that our
first meetup that was the very first
time we ran over her I was probably 40
pounds heavier than I think
but I've even gained weight since like
my marathons like I'm like I booked up a
little bit you know man I've been like
doing some push-ups and stuff yeah yeah
so amanda has who's this girl you say
Laura hi Laura
Amanda has a girl who works for her she
works for you and she said you should do
shade there's this guy named Shay
Carly's on YouTube but he's doing this
30 day challenge man hi
Boston College Laura I love you Amanda's
about to work me out right now I want
you to make me throw up you have not
done your job until I vomit I was
telling Ron I want to do like a music I
could workout montage and I need a
throw-up scene because I you know you
get a good workout you throw up or is
that too much when you feel like you're
gonna throw up but you don't quite get
there because you got it right right
right
finishing go okay here we go I'm ready
to vomit t-minus five days till the
start of October I hope you guys plan on
joining us and being on the Shailesh a
Tober team if you have not please
subscribe to the shayloss channel
youtube.com slash a loss we have already
shot like six videos that we are going
to have during that month we're gonna
try to get a video every day at least
one a day we're gonna have so much
content for you guys there will be no
excuse for you not to get in shape if
you don't do it it is just because you
chose not to we will have a lot of
things and tips and you know workouts
and exercises and recipes and
motivational tips and all kinds of stuff
so if you're sick and tired of feeling
sick and tired and you just you know you
need that like just a month just kick
your body into gear and try to get in
the best shape of your life or just to
like refocus a fitness program come over
to the Shay loss channel we are a team
we're gonna do this together we're all
going to interact and we're gonna make
it happen
join us links below check out
yesterday's vlog click
the feelin lucky button and if you want
to see what the Shaytards of doing one
two three and four years ago today
because we've been documenting our lives
for the last five years that's a half a
decade ladies and gentlemen click on
those corresponding numbers in the
middle what can see you tomorrow
