hi I'm login here okay today is the day
that the principal said that they could
sing at the early morning assembly are
you guys nervous I can't film it not
really no you're not nervous at all
no you're just cool calm and collected
huh tennis today make me some breakfast
mom is older gone brush your shoulders
off cool prints it started how about you
should you be ready to sing you say up
no leg more painful than yes greener
where is that different because they
don't well they know you at your school
- you mean like a VidCon you know the
people watch our video so they kind of
know the elect is a like for sure that's
really interesting the princes tart
feels more comfortable in front of the
audience that watches our vlogs than the
audience at school
interesting phenomena because she feels
like you guys know her better
seeing your better friends that are
friends at school that's crazy
well I think that you will do amazing
and just have fun
it's not like cause you know it's
performance performance you know someone
makes chill and then if someone makes
fun of you it's fine because you're
jealous legal illness yeah where is cool
good attitude good point okay so we may
have some bad news the principal said
that you can use to hear the song first
before they sing it and that today's
schedule is too packed so they might not
get to sing it today but hopefully they
can practice it a little bit more so you
to them during the week next week they
can see it he really wants to hear what
they're going to sing words centered was
really bummed and not gonna lie princess
heart is a little bit relieved
maybe it's for the best well then get to
sing today big bummer son card was
genuinely disappointed but princes shard
was like yes I don't know why she was so
nervous but today was just she was not
feeling it so for they can practice and
someday they will sing for their school
god or the dentist now Oh get over it no
it's good for you makes my whole day
crap you would have to go to the dentist
well it's all about your attitude
because dennis is fixing your teeth
yo stupid dentist look I got nice teeth
my teeth are nice a kind nice teeth I
don't need to go to a dog dentist I got
what is Walt gonna do with that gun you
guys guys don't is he gonna do any
spoilers where's he going with that gun
final episode next week I can't wait to
see it did you remember the first
episode of this season when he shows up
to the old house and his neighbor freaks
out I don't make sense now he's like hi
Carol I think it's great okay can't wait
to see okay I'll get out mommy card okay
what were you gonna do well before here
she is eight months pregnant we just
pulled up to this curb and the side door
won't open because the curb so high so
mommy tard fell my butt yeah yeah it is
I like it I like big butts and I cannot
lie
Wow mommy dad has to climb out the back
see Emma champion she is a Campion my
rock hard and she'll keep on making the
babies till the end mom mom mom okay
gonna get freakin teeth I don't want to
do it come on let's go Beatles fan let's
go to the dentist right little rock
towards sitting here watching cartoons
his mommy gets her teeth clean
babe I saw a comment people want to know
why you have to get your teeth clean the
last trimester they recommend it or just
say so
I said it's because
and say that too I say it's because you
have to clean off the eight months of
cravings that you've had during the
pregnancy I think what she told me last
time is your body's like on high alert
so sometimes you get more like crap on
your teeth plaque buildup or it's
because of all that chocolate you've
been eating be honest hey okay I'll be
over here so we're doing simultaneous
clean I'm gonna be over here while she's
over there and rock cards have you
watching TV last time all right young
man
open wide open let's see here yeah I
know dentists are not fun hold still
alrighty there we go okay I'm
prescribing you to brush twice a day all
right
okay okay good boy
haha it's happy Halloween high five foot
skeleton for sale at the Rite Aid that
would be cool to hang by your door what
are you gonna be for Halloween listen I
need some suggestions we I told Colet I
said we should paint your belly like for
Halloween like some crazy way what you
got a Google image that like what's a
crazy thing that you can paint on a nine
month pregnant belly that look would be
cool for a Halloween costume let's see
that belly see that belly turn to the
side
what could we had an idea of make
painting it like it was like a gumball
machine I don't know where the gumballs
would come out what do you got cookies
hey Roger come here come here with that
with that Oh what is that is Gary the
skeleton huh for easy pumpkins all kinds
of pumpkins leave us suggestions or
tweet me like some things that we could
paint her belly I think that'd be fun
and we could do like a how-to video on
her channel right come on we always
gonna be making YouTube videos let us
know I want to paint her belly in some
way I think I mean are you gonna be will
have like Mary doodles do it or
something somebody who has actually an
artist you know that thing who
manufactures these imagine if you're the
person on the assembly line it that the
manufacturer for this I would be scary
well that's a good thumbnail right there
yeah yeah take it you guys that's not
funny that's a dad's job to scare the
crap huh misc hey you wanna scare me
don't scare me
oh boy see oh yeah there is what oh you
had to do it then she is so obnoxious
mommy card
he doesn't know what he thinks about
that you just saw these Kendall goes oh
five years those are called candles me
say candles snails or candles that one
looks like it smells delicious I'm gonna
get Apple what else do you see over
there see any other delicious scents
Apple okey dokey
we are with our powers combined we are
the Shaytards from that intro mommy tard
son tard
Prentis tired baby tired and sleepy tard
nap time
hey doesn't it feel good and we're all
together as a family or a teen you guys
know that we are a team we are best
friends Hey best friends look at me and
look cute
nevermind I hate them
hey guys so I'm sitting her to NASA so
I'm just watching the vlog on my phone
and I'm looking at my belly look at you
see how this giant bump is right here
it's like totally lopsided but I know
he's head down so this has got to be
like I don't know it's be pushing me
with it and I'm starting to feel very
very happy I'm ready to have this baby
it's not time yet people this is the
hardest part of the pregnancy that last
four weeks oh it's just like I'm
sweating hot all the time my stomach I'm
starting to get like Braxton Hicks
contractions which are contractions but
they're not like labor contractions
they're just sort of like getting your
body ready to have labor so just like
random tightness and it just is
tight everywhere all over wrists on it
that's part of being pregnant I guess
that's something I didn't realize as a
first-time mom is that you do have
contractions before you actually go into
labor they're just they're called
Braxton Hicks so they're like fake
contractions that's where I'm at and I'm
sweating I get me too since I will okay
what's up
or are you just good what yeah do you
like it did I do a good job yeah do you
like watching shows hard vlogs cool what
are you doing
a taco game we're up on the big computer
and you're on my laptop no jumping get
out once a week we only went once a week
get out from there mommy doesn't want
you up there we're watching Broncs while
Casey and Caylee are out of town and
he's obnoxious but we love Him we love
Him
oh boy say it's okay if we complain your
computer if we watch your yeah that's
only you can do on my computer as watch
a card videos Collette I just gotta say
it out loud I love you you know I've
said it before I'm gonna say it again
call me crazy but I do because you made
delicious Wow and then what does a man
to do with such a beautiful woman that
makes delicious nutritious meals for his
family every night
well what
I do make that work ready to get out
already purchased argument around your
dad - that's the first thing she says
rice pilaf broccoli and cauliflower
tomato cilantro pickles salad with
spinach chicken deliciousness myself
that's why that's how your president
what are you doing Peyton Manning you're
embarrassing the Oakland Raiders who's
an Oakland Raiders fan 32:7 boy oh boy
the boys in orange and blue were kicking
some butt he looks handsome alright you
guys we are on skype with Tyler we are
just talking to him he donated to the
IndieGoGo campaign for the documentary
and I see my buddies Charles and a leap
oh s--- through the background and he
has the calendar on the door Tyler says
he's been watching since day one he
found us on day six like he saw her day
six video and just sorted watching four
and a half years ago he was 15 when he
started watching the Shaytards now he's
19 and in college so he watches his
whole high school career yeah exactly
and I would tell everybody I would watch
you guys and they're like what is this
family and I always get them to search
you up and they loved you every time
nice dude yeah I feel like that's that's
the main way that we've grown over the
years is just people like you know
telling other people or like their
friends are there you know their parents
see them I love the stories of parents
that are like seeing in their kids
watching us and then they're like who's
that family and then the parents start
watching and it's like the kids and the
parents sit down together to watch the
vlogs I always think that's cool the
crazy thing is I talk to my parents like
you're just a normal friend I'm like oh
yeah I guess what Shea's doing today all
right I always ask about you too they're
like so what's here
houses family oh my god they're doing
this he's like oh that's so cool
well that's cool dude we definitely feel
like a lot of our audience is a part of
the family you know like we're just one
big family yeah I mean I feel like I've
known you for years cuz I've been
watching you and this is the first time
you've met me right right I get that
comment a lot like I've met people on
the airport before they come up and
they're like I feel like you're like my
brother my cousin or like I know you
really well but you've never met me
because yeah like we've shared all these
stories and you know you've been in our
house and you've seen our bathroom and
our dog and I've seen like what Yuki
absolutely yeah that's or a private
later Skype call he paid extra for the
Skype what I've seen the most private
part you guys hypothetically is being in
unison yeah all right dude well what
else what do you do you go to accordi
going to college for so you guys grew up
on this foot good water cuz I'm gonna
carry them up to the bathtub
and you Charlie fine with an axe I'm
freaking out shower adorable not in our
house snow coma barbell hours to clean
up all the hair alright the after bath
excitement oh the after bath energy for
so much energy oh they're gonna go crazy
watch out all small children get out of
the way there's highly likelihood of
being knocked over in this scenario he
looks beautiful that golden coat is
shining true my boy what took about I
feel dirty no oh
let's get intense it's getting intense
got a real dogfight on our hands
who's got wagers bad joke don't dog
fight police don't bet on it
ready go to bed mommy tard you look like
you're pregnant a little bit you look
like you're eight months pregnant
water okay watch out rock thanks to you
and get knocked over a little monkey boy
oh there's a new stroller for the new
baby
that's exciting okay bedtime good night
see you tomorrow everybody put star let
me give bath the Zika bath think you are
a very good helper I love you and that
there's a Shaytards video hey I was I
thinking about Tom what Tyler said about
how he like wouldn't he tell everybody
like his friends and his brothers and
his parents about the shades hard vlogs
and I know there's a lot of you guys who
do that share me stories in the comments
below like I love hearing things like
hey Shay I was it you know youth camp
today and I saw somebody wearing your
socks or I was on a bus and I saw
somebody wearing a shaycarl shirt leave
comments below about the craziest time
or like a weird story when you shared
our videos with somebody and then they
like loved him or like one of my
favorite stories is like a friends that
were friends in high school and hadn't
talked in years and then we're texting
each other and like yeah I watched this
family called the Shaytards like no way
you watch the Shaytards too and then
they found they had this common bond and
they became friends again
I don't know you know just not like
bigger people together like were just
like a big values okay kick on in my
series videos like I like about it I
want to the car they say hi but it's
Carly Styles aren't a Carly style shoot
right now okay ah you know you know love
you see you tomorrow
