hi I'm logging here the morning
everybody it's Saturday morning and I'm
wide-awake
I can never sleep in too long because
the kids are awake and I can't sleep in
my another wake the kids were so good
they got up they cleaned their rooms
they knew that I would want them to
clean their rooms before they turn on
the TV
thank you to you grow a good idea but
then but then but then but then they
came down to turn on the TV and they
turned it on Nickelodeon and check it
out
Nickelodeon worldwide day of play and
this has been going on for a few hours
and they'll do it for another like hour
so like three or four hours of this on
Nickelodeon so cool it means they should
be outside playing and so the kids turn
on looked at they're like yeah they're
right so they've been playing all
morning instead of watching TV what a
great idea Nickelodeon way to inspire
kids to actually do something on their
Saturday mornings and play and use their
imaginations instead of watching TV so
this goes on for about three hours and
then they start the regular programming
now it your idea there was such a good
idea thank you so much
high-five like let's let's like let's
make a schedule let's they don't knows
another play some things your seminars
lasting longer to us to watch TV but
lacrosse/detail good we pretty much
cross our arms mm-hmm now this is what
they're doing instead probably nobody
gets hurt who was it
she's fast I'd watch out for the other
thing I was gonna say is we've actually
started something during the week with
the kids is trying to do no TV three
week because sometimes they'll get their
homework done I want
don't get anything done so that's been
really good too I've really enjoyed
doing that it's not always easy
sometimes it's challenging it's good
so no tomorrow week whew other than
Friday night did you do
stop can I see hey guys I can show you
something that's really cool it's on the
computer and oh good I don't want this I
think and I I'll show you it okay hi
everyone
that's always playing doggies is playing
games those horns are those at the size
Sims nosy sick know as those circus ice
ax dice these tips hooker sighs oh god
Danny this Alice babies boys oh it's wet
it's all gone dummy
this is the same is away creepiness
let's baby soosh go open SUSE oh baby
she's really nice turnout okay but this
is how you turn it off this is how you
turned it off
oh it's Saturday night and me and
Colette or going on a date
that spells romance you ready
guess who here sues kamalu skadoosh hi
Krista start is like rummaging through
Seth Lee's personal professional purse
organizer only in LA you hire a
professional purse organizer you get a
quarter you get two bits young lady
don't spend it all this month okay you
guys be good okay okay
Oh first rock face McGillicuddy I gotta
say bye to him he's my favorite kid is
getting nothing is more romantic than
going to Ikea mm-hmm do when you grow up
and you're married for 11 years you'll
find out that an Ikea trip when you have
five kids is quite the treat quite
difficult gotta go here we are at Taiki
y'all and the large pregnant lady here
she comes a large fat pregnant lady
she's so round a basketball will do give
me the profile of that dude there is a
living person inside you so choppy how's
it feel
thanks reddit squat sick I know I saw
that's how you pick squats guys if
you're sore give two damns like that and
it will get better
just like that yeah he's with me do you
realize I'm worried like likea sure you
are I guess with your colors yeah it is
I know like I thought it well you look
fabulous honey okay so we got to get a
desk for Sun tarts room did you bring a
tape measure let me sleep on a tape
measure my woman is prepared look at
that you're so handy so yeah okay shows
the length that makes me love you it
makes me fall in love that you brought
up tape measure oh I'm gonna make babies
with you all right so we're looking for
a desk for son card
what do you think about this one that
too bright would that be distracting
when you're trying to do your homework
dude if I was a kid I would want that
desk it's cool I think
let's get him this one and it's only 89
bucks it's pretty good totally old okay
we're getting a yellow desk son card
okay now it's def everybody's favorite
game that I kids coast your frisbee what
is it plate holder throw it to me right
here get it to my hand get it Oh lettuce
all right catch this you catch this you
get an appetizer tonight nope no
calamari for you young lady
okay I'm gonna redeem you you get it to
me we will get an appetizer
oh honey dogs money you have one an
appetizer
ajayan what I want anyway oh okay okay I
lied I let her have some calamari she
deserves that I guess
for some reason I don't know how it
started but everywhere we go we get
calamari for an appetizer and it's not
as good if you don't have cocktail songs
like a lot of different restaurants of
Rijeka marinara like their own little
like concoction sometimes like some of
what it's like creamy things like it's
mixed it's yeah a little bit of this
little this cocktail sauce on calamari
is the best you can't beat it
sorry other sauces but we hate your guts
they're stupid and the rest of the date
was very romantic fast forward to the
next day
they're the real stars
um I don't know if I can tell you what
but I will eventually you know that I
will hi guys today we are really busy
day today
we went to church and I got interviewed
and now it's bedtime that we will get
interviewed by well these really famous
people who are they how'd you know I had
another famous cover on a magazine oh
okay I must make them make them famous
and we went to bed yeah or just digger
would take Sunday cause it was Sunday
today I'm uploading the vlog I'm not
doing some day today I know this is the
one take something that I'm doing oh you
are oh that was so nice you gonna fill
me I want to tell them what you said so
um Carly still insult like Carly's
landing tonight so okay I'm uploading
the vlog it's Sunday night it's 8:30
the vlogs late we did get interviewed by
somebody today that I can't tell you who
until the 8th of next month and then
baby tarde was we're getting ready for
bed so baby tired came up to me and she
said dad when are we gonna do the
filming that we do on Sunday and I said
we're not gonna do and take Sunday today
because I promised them regular vlog she
goes well I'll do it and so she took the
camera and I want to ask you a question
baby tard in this vlog today that I
uploaded you said this do you remember
saying this listen
do famous models get what they want who
taught you that
come here you get what you work for old
boy girlfriend what about her was she a
famous model oh he wanted to tell them
what she said good one
whatever her name is she said I think
that let me get some she's good
well she said her name she said okay so
there's there she's telling a true story
son tard had this girlfriend that he
like was I can't remember this was like
two year ago or something I think of him
was Janice like she used herself in the
third person she said to sunder she goes
what Janice wants Janice gets and a dart
gave up until I said I'm like what I
know I know don't say your name I don't
want to say her real name did she say
that son tard what did you say when she
said that well yeah I would be too
my jaw would have dropped I said she
never gets what she wants when she's
around yeah he's been crazy um anyway so
back home from Boston crazy weekend
we're a bit all mixed up but start up a
brand new week tomorrow Monday kids go
back to school I have a dentist
appointment but we'll be back on track
today today's way you're watching this
on my balls it's something I know what
like on the third day of fourth grade
she I said I don't know I used to like
her and then she said okay because she
gave me this note she said well I never
meant I liked you and she said you could
have had a chance at being my boyfriend
Oh tough luck buddy buddy like sands
through the hourglass these were the
days of fourth grade all right we love
you guys see you tomorrow
anything else you want say mommy tizzle
got any last words
get the baby this room ready we have
t-minus one month
you guys we are 30 days away from having
a brand-new Shaytards it is September
22nd one month one month until we have a
baby all right
are you guys ready to have another
member of this family we believe it you
guys listen I have a sad tale to tell
you because there's gonna be another
cast member of the Shaytards you're all
getting less camera time sorry your your
stardom is diminishing thank you thank
you give a crap okay love you guys see
you tomorrow okay oh yeah that's
absolutist watch your head
congratulations you get three shades
hard points to be earn enough shade to
our points you get to watch another
video for free wait they're always free
I'm dumb check out yesterday's vlog
kicking along like you bottom one two
three four you guys know how to do this
um Ron say hi what's up that's hi I'm
Ron we are sitting down right now to
plan out chez Tober this is our second
chez Tober meeting we got some stuff
planned for you guys I know you I've
been meeting some criticizing comments
and well don't quit on this one Shay
we're not Ron already has me lined up
for like 15 shoots when quitters no
never never you never quit
so get ready you guys Shay Tober is less
than like ten days away seven days away
and we're gonna start a month of
physical fitness like you have never
imagined in your life get on the program
change your life and feel amazing
check out the shayloss channel if you
haven't subscribed links below love you
guys and as always
we'll see you tomorrow say bye Ron bye
Ron
