I'm saving smuggle I get when I want
really high log in here okay morning I
brought you back to Boston sure bustin I
never meet great so I don't have a
caseload of presences to which they do
not need so that's okay well you guys
aren't your alma mater say thank you
this is where you go to school with
honors so get in your head now my bros
is a harbor desk set that you could take
notes you can like write about like all
the things you're gonna do a Harvard
like not pick girl rocked are come here
got you know Red Sox jazzy this is great
you know
oh he's your one who t-shirt that's for
you I bought it for you here do you like
it that's for you I think us would take
it
stupid it should have been a red bonnet
are this needs help when you will look
cute in there oh that's cute
yeah seemed like wrathy I'm gonna get
this for ya
oh I get you good boy forget about me
every time a rock guard
looking at your Halloween magazines like
his outfit just eight hours a day
yeah red shorts on he's got his water
shoes on and there's no hat that is Matt
hurt I love it he's gonna hang out with
Caleb for an hour - while I go to attend
hopefully I get my teeth cleaned Oh
Casey's not here engagers not here
because he says that is correct
crazy town oh it's out the wrong watch -
that's awesome so I'm getting a dental
cleaning they tell you that when you're
pregnant you should have a dental
cleaning in your last trimester and I'm
due for one I spent a long time Susan
had machine sleep so here we go oh it
was a plan I'll come every time I turn
the camera on you get louder and louder
and louder
it's like well I will not then mom
you're enjoying yourselves you like this
song you just downloaded it on iTunes
sorry hey yeah yeah he's feeling it
kicking stuff oh man this is in the spot
I've done a crappy job of good
behind-the-scenes spray I hope you guys
like the video we've had a lot of fun
crazy feet done you guys ready for che
tober you guys ready for che tober oh I
did not turn up you're not bad you just
have a little extra che on you right oh
he's crying here we go say on a flaming
trampoline
scuse me
whoa like Cirque du Soliel circus O'Shea
you got a big head
whoa man that was trippy Shane gets home
in just a few hours and the kids have
been working really hard on their
homework
and while the kids were working on their
homework wrapped heart decided that the
house needed to be clean for dad so he
went in his room and he has been
cleaning his room by himself it is
melting my heart rocked hard did you
clean the room there's nothing on the
floor look what you did you Paulo your
toys in the boxes and you put Sun
towards his homemade Tech Deck ramps on
the ground next to his stuff you are
such a good helper I'm so proud do you
know who else is gonna be proud baby yes
baby is very proud but you know who else
is gonna be super proud daddy yeah your
daddy's gonna be proud cuz he's coming
home in just a couple hours I'll have to
tell him that you did are you gonna take
a nap I'm just tired from cleaning the
room oh it is exhausting good night baby
boy all right you done with your
homework yet so so close keep lighting
on it yesterday so I have to do today's
English I know we kind of slacked off
yesterday we decided it was more
important to hang out with Kayla
yesterday so we didn't do our homework
but though homework has to be turned in
weekly not daily otherwise we would have
had to do it of course but let's go see
how the girls are doing okay so this one
still looks a little bit a hurricane ish
tornado ish rubble but you know what
it's okay cuz you still have a few hours
and your homework is done right yes
awesome yeah I'll check it so baby chard
is your homework done no I need to work
on it cuz I need to help you huh
all right well let's work a little bit
longer in here and then I'll help you
with your homework hey jewel is your
daddy here come along in a few hours oh
you're gonna be so happy you like when
he blesses you see you phrase for you
and my card is excited rectal oh you're
excited ratso ma yeah right you like the
tree we're doing our annual Costco run
we're getting like toys shopping um nope
nah we are not doing that definitely not
yes it's time to go to Costco we have a
few things that we need and it is a
little crazy but I'm just gonna bear it
and get it over with so chic so sassy so
fly we did it we made it we all want to
stop and I wanted to not right now no I
am the baby smuggle I get when I want ha
ha really people will we'll see about
that
berry
he's doing a really great job keep going
and going I think right now they're
practicing the high elbow and this
kicking is getting better
completely really fast I'm excited
no you won't you picture like a team to
get back
oh no just like just like I never did
anything like this so I don't even know
how to teach him what do you know what
the Freestyle
okay crazy dude
swim hair is cool I love it you have fun
today well I'm glad to have you have
already improved a lot it will be your
second time awesome
I'm proud of you dude and I'm proud of
your fishy towel due to your little
crazy fishy boy get in your seat okay
this was a hundred percent baby tards
idea I swear I'd not to dress this baby
tard he's on to that whoa let's get
bored okay you ready baby turn tell him
this was your idea if she goes yeah she
was we all know that so she was sitting
on the edge - his dad I'm ready to go
which goes can you go to the edge of the
ender there and catch me son Jeremy real
quick this needs to be a two camera
shoot rocktron quiet on set we're about
to go stunt oh look who's going to
Harvard okay we've done this real quick
you ready sure okay so just jump out for
now and open your arms in the kitchen
okay okay
hey you rolling one two three ha was
awesome
oh wait cheese much the bridge is
started even scared okay ready yeah
I give it five I am seriously impressed
okay so just jump out far enough and
open your arms in the kitchen yeah okay
baby you're all in white one two three
oh it's high right did that look goofy
started being scared
hey hey hey okay jump out ready okay
okay come on say something out again
sorry I had to shoot that I just I you
know if they want to show I'm like
willing don't want to seem crazy I don't
force me to do it where do I start
okay it'll be easier to catch raka I
wants to do it can I really like she's
stressed
stressing her stressing you yeah your
rock-hard no okay you're not tall enough
to ride that ride come on let's go we're
going to dinner
mommy tarts mom butts shaking too much
we got shaky but going on let's go yes I
realize that it is a little bit crazy in
our house sometimes we have shaky butts
screaming children and flying babies but
we wouldn't have it any other way
because we're the Shaytards love you
guys sorry the vlog is late we got out
of church and then we had an interview
an important interview I'd be able to
tell you on the 8th of next month who it
was by but uh I can give you this hint
it was a very popular magazine slash
website so a crew just left and I just
got to editing this and it's actually is
a really good interview the kids said
some hilarious things I will let you
know on the 8th of next month stay tuned
for the I got my socks on music video
had a blast shooting it check out
yesterday's vlog click on that feelin
lucky button it if you want to see what
the Shaytards doing one two three and
four years ago today click on that
button now I have to go tell baby tard
that famous fashion models do not get
whatever they want and she especially
does not get whatever she wants because
that's just spoiled brat mentality we
will have none of that love you see you
tomorrow
