okay let them in okay good morning it is
8:00 a.m. and today we head back to Los
Angeles but first we have to go to the
hospital and say goodbye to our friend
Charles go give me one last kiss before
we leave
which gives me one more opportunity to
walk in this brisk
Boston weather it is gorgeous here
ladies and gentlemen I'm loving it it's
like the perfect autumn fall temperature
right now this smells fresh outside it's
like right there between like needing a
jacket and not needing a jacket that's a
long sleeve shirt it's gonna be the call
today everybody's runnin I'm gonna miss
you Fenway so I learned a new term last
night the guy who is sitting next to he
said there's one of the Boston players
who just swung really hard he goes he's
swinging for Lansdowne Street that's the
street right there if they really hit it
hard
homers lands on that Street so we're
shopping for dog food the only way I
could get him to follow me is if I call
them a puppy I know there's following me
finally so this is working even though
he's getting really dirty
puppy come on look I know it's not
working so swell is it happy come on
puppy
Oh maybe that will work that will work
hi max hi can we take him home it's not
working anymore
let's try again Padma it's time to go
puppy come on little struggles with
three-year-olds it's adorable
all right the family's leaving give your
brother a big hug
dude good news Charles Trippy just got
signed to the Indianapolis Colts yeah
he's starting linebacker for the Colts
this season he doesn't have to wear the
helmet anymore these guys are flying
home to Grandma status oh yeah look at
that chair that's what I've slept in
those many times when we had babies yeah
they're comfortable okay mom and dad are
leaving
Melissa's leaving sorry I'll just log in
here bye guys love you don't cry
what are you doing muna sings your songs
he's been wearing that on this head all
through this door singing groggy mean
old and all day that you should join
Broadway my little son yeah we got Zika
knew I knew what you would call that
thing a theater it's taller which it's
gonna be better for him and the Bulls
are bigger because he eats a hunt
seriously this dog eats way more than
Malik I ever did he will eat three
sometimes four times a day if he's
actually really hungry I'll feed him
four times a day it's ridiculous this
dog it's gonna be big eater full tank
you I have you all right you guys so
Charles has like the worst case of
hiccups and so we're talking about all
like the way so you're gonna pick ups
and we've already checked off the list
we can't scare him we can't dip him
upside down
he's trying to hold his breath but it's
no big been hold your breath it takes if
he goes okay dude you guys I was
watching all the CTFxC vlogs last night
and I watched one where you guys went to
Niagara Falls yeah you guys had your
like
the flip mino inside a waterproof case
that was like it was called the
hurricane deck I think you're just about
to come to seven eight nine cuz at the
very end of the vlog he said yeah you
took a train yeah so at the very end of
the vlog go ski were taking a train to
New York he goes I want a big hug
tomorrow shaycarl and I was like it was
like weird cuz it was like 3:00 in the
morning last night I'm just watching me
know right at seven eight nine when I
was watching that vlog I'm like it
wasn't expecting him to say my name and
then he says I'll see you in New York
and I want a big hug shake girl and I
was like oh it made me sad and happy we
do and you know what's funny - is you
talked about the the water-jug video the
other day that was six years ago
you know what he was talking about while
we were on tour I forget what we were
doing we were talking about how you
can't look manly doing something and I
was like the bubbles video yeah we shot
like two videos in that hotel room
yotube yeah it was in Philadelphia Dave
DS was there Olga Kay was there luck was
there it's Brett was there he works at
the YouTube space now yeah brother its
Brent yeah good times man good times
everybody just time to go - are we going
center swimming swimming and the girls
oh wait
that's another girl that's not food the
girls hi girls
oh excuse me girls are going to gym and
he's going to love the land do bird poo
it's natural it happens so this is
sometimes first night a swim team this
is gonna be exciting yo right and we
bought him some new short so let's show
you do you like them are you kind of
uncomfortable
well that's typical everybody's butt
crack is gonna be shown right but you
know hopefully they will stick g-body
wants to get water sure he's not
fighting it again yeah is sick how many
57 57 States hi it's 57 sauce on his
brain
all right buddy I love you Collette
we're gonna steal a baby tiger turn yeah
people are saying I should name a trippy
tart now I like it
I'm also it lets us are pretty unlucky
right now though trippy tart I think
you're pretty lucky actually yeah that
is pretty you got a horseshoe on your
head how lucky can you get mean you
can't get any luckier than that you got
a horseshoe on your head look at that
dude you'll have a horseshoe hanging
over your head the rest of your life man
right that's ultimately luck all right
buddy I love you
just
it's real man like just sucks you know
what is Charles I mean such a good
person you know like you got a you start
asking yourself is it fair want to share
a video with you guys video that I watch
this morning that actually really
brought me a lot of comfort I'm not
trying to be sensational
I'm not trying to be preachy or
religious this video really helped me
this morning I watched it and cried a
lot of helps me so I'm gonna share right
now in this video with you and the
reason I want to share this video is
because there are so many of you who
comment every day every day of the vlogs
and tell me about some grandma died
they happen to all of us
I feel like there's a lot of people that
are hurting out there okay so we're here
at swim and center I just let me I was
gonna vlog them before you another but
he's ready to rock and roll over nervous
though you don't see me everybody's just
gonna watch her do it they're gonna
watch me dude go get him tiger do your
best the Cub Scout motto do your best
well you just follow Evan around he
doesn't know what to do either okay okay
see you later
catching up to this girl
on the right lane
I need one of those
I need to quit or be like mom seriously
I'm really probably you've never done
anything like this before but not since
he was maybe four or five and
I'm really proud about
oh look another light below you know
what you're doing
they know we should remind them to stay
on to the right
you gotta stay to the right though okay
you have to stay to the right so you
don't run into other people coming back
out of here okay see you hotel that's
the hotel I stayed right here and that
Citgo sign is right up there right out
here
room 203 okay so I'm leaving my hotel
I'm gonna stand out here in front of my
hotel and wait for my taxi to show up
and I got some presents
okay so I feel bad cuz I didn't do a
meet-up while I was here I was gonna do
like a running club but I just
surrounded a time when I was with
Charles but some of you found the hotel
I was staying at and you brought me some
presents so I'm gonna open right now
what did you get me what did you get me
a bet it's for the kids isn't it it's
always for the kids they always get
everything oh it's for me
Dunkin Donuts nice I'll eat a doughnut
or seven dear Shay Charles alie and
Families oh that's nice letter and a
card
dftba Jennifer Robbins thank you Wow
hearts for everybody Charlie's me and
Ali thank you so much you guys are so
thoughtful
seriously wherever I go they're good
nice loving people and then somebody
else left this fun place to bring
collect chocolate date Max Brenner and
Coldplay yep she will make out with you
after I promise ass nataline yeah that's
what I like for the kids Boston Common
in the public gardens oh they're giving
us all like suggestions and tips we got
to come back here I want to bring all
the family back here you guys are the
best
and a little stalkerish but I love it
listen to the first part of this letter
this is hilarious this is from Jennifer
Robbins she says first of all I'm pretty
sure I'm about a hundred times more
creeped out by myself and the fact that
I figured out where you're staying so
she's admitting that it's a little
creepy to show up at somebody's hotel
just by watching their videos and seeing
him I think I know where that hotel is
but listen Jennifer I appreciate it it
shows the love and now we're at six I
had to leave some heart and swim on
Wednesdays they say get out at the same
time so luckily I had Kaylee to help me
so she's gonna pick em up
I forgot the girls and then we'll meet
together in the middle that's what you
have to do and you have a lot of kids
and they all have
system like what I do when there's a
baby in all the midst of all this it's
gonna be crazy and I'm so grateful that
I have said because he is a really big
guy with things like this and it's great
that he's able to be home that we've
logged so that he can be like flexible
with the schedule so that he can help
out a lot with these such things
otherwise it would be kind of crazy
yeah she's doing her mage on the bar
whoa
I found a purplish princess I'm excited
to see you it's not really working
scooch
where is he tried to stop my lap he
realized she wasn't getting close enough
then he tried to sit on the belly
finally found it son tards getting a
Harvard shirt baby and he's gonna go
there and get straight A's now I gotta
find baby tart and Princess hard
a Princeton shirt because they want to
go to Princeton because that what was
the movie there's like ever after some
stupid chick movie the girl went to
Princeton so they want to go to
Princeton I'm cool with that
Center goes to Harvard the girls go to
Princeton so you guys here for getting a
chicken taco and drew made it watches
the Shaytards loggs he's gonna get a
picture
I'm gonna get a picture right now that's
a shout-out to drew in the Philadelphia
Airport and he handed me by burrito he's
the guy who made it it goes handy she
Karl like yeah he says can I get a
picture of you like yeah dude you made
my braid of course we get a picture with
you
okay we're passing through the
Philadelphia marketplace again or I get
a ride in one of these
right on this I dunno hooky bobbin
I'm hooky pop it on the cart I didn't
buy a ticket gonna ride good I'm hooky
bobbin I don't have permission to be on
this vehicle right now don't tell okay
this is the way to get through an
airport my friends 30 seconds later it's
gone dude
dogs ain't gonna lie to you if you ever
come through the Philadelphia Airport go
to burrito Alito and have drew whip yep
lime honey chicken burrito
scrumdiddlyumptious as my Wonka
Frenchman say also I did get a chocolate
chip cookie guilty face starting fate
over I'm not guilty that's good
siliceous you're starting to chase over
though I'm doing no sugar I'm going hard
before you guys joined the team shaped
over on shayloss is gonna be amazing
just trust me so we're hopping all over
the city today we've been a lot of
places Iron Man
does Iron Man want beat us yeah yeah
okay what kind of pizza desired man eat
what I can cheese pizza and if only
there's gotta be since he would eat it
are you Kaley Kandi's getting ready to
go it's going to 85 for husband
oh goodness
how was swim dude did you like it that's
gonna be really good for you two times a
week getting totally exhausted yeah do
like then she says says 50 meters which
is two laps it's good for you
strengthens your heart good and we are
home okay wait we are about to have the
reunion that matters I saw the kids
whatever and my wife and blah blah blah
but the person I really loved it's not
to come through those doors he hears my
voice okay let him in
you've been moping around here for the
past week where I got a belly let him
back in the backyard and see him run up
watch your six
sit come here come here lie down lie
down I know I'm like you should train to
pay
come here lie down lie down I don't like
lemon beings well hopefully doesn't kill
the baby baby when the baby comes
that is like a month away which means we
will have eight people eight things
living in his house is crazy to think
thanks for watching today guys I'm back
with my family it feels so good
keep Charles like I said in your
thoughts and your prayers Congrats to
the CTFxC army who just hit a million
subscribers very proud of Charles and
Allie I love those guys and they're like
family if you wanted to see the video
that I was talking about in the vlog the
video that brought me a lot of comfort
click on that feeling lucky button and
I'll leave it right there click on
yesterday's vlog see what the shade
heart is doing 1 2 3 & 4 years ago and
I'll see you tomorrow
