hey I'm making a crappy short video here
hey guys okay here's the scenario I am
at the YouTube space and I'm shooting I
got my socks on I got my socks on I got
my argyle socks on and I was it's
lunchtime and I was just coming to the
truck to grab my computer to edit the
vlog for today which is right here but
it's like a 20 minute vlog and I've only
like halfway done editing it and I'm not
gonna have time because we are only
taking like 15 minutes for lunch because
we only have a certain amount of time
here at the YouTube space so this is
gonna be today's vlog you won't be mad
at me I promise I'll get along with up
tomorrow because I have a 20 minute vlog
it's right here it's halfway edited but
it's I'm just not gonna have time to do
it but here's the announcement we are
shooting the I got my socks on music
video right now I gotta lock my truck
hold on whenever you hit your lock
button on your card you hit it like
three times cause like you hit it once
and you know it locks but you just like
just in case you don't like two or three
more times who does that be honest be
honest so if you want to be in the music
video for I got my socks on dance in a
pair of shaycarl argyle socks and then
tweet it to me and we're gonna put you
in the music video so let me take you
and show you a little bit of the set
real quick he's got his self so he's got
his song song he's got his high Ronna
alright it is lunchtime here on the
shoot everybody is having a blast
they're all wearing argyle socks
of course get them up socks up everybody
blake brush your socks because you have
the beastly beard doesn't mean you can't
wear socks and i got my socks on video
saying that i got a bigger beer i know
it's a sad day it's a sad day alright
socks socks show me your socks let's see
him hold them up embarrassing that's
embarrassing no socks are using those as
a napkin for your pizza
there's Erica producer extraordinaire
and she's got her socks or argyle socks
okay come check out a little bit of the
set so here we are in the YouTube space
it's a giant stage I'm not gonna give
away I'm just gonna show you a little
bit I don't to tell you like what the
idea is there's a trampoline there's
some DJ oh it's gonna be great I'm gonna
there's be a trampoline montage so like
I said if you want to be and then music
video video yourself dancing in your
argyle socks and then you're gonna tweet
it to me I'll let you know when to tweet
it to me because it's not gonna be up
for like another two weeks because we
got to do a bunch of editing and like
rehash the song a little bit it's a
great song I got my socks on you'll see
you'll see it's cool and yeah so I'm
just shooting all day long I've been
here since 8:00 a.m. and I got the vlog
I'm gonna upload this right now and then
I'll upload like the 20 minute vlog
tomorrow thank you guys keep praying for
Charles send them well-wishes tweet him
tell him you love him but they're still
in the hospital you know just getting
over brain surgery
brain surgery last night I was thinking
I'm like what you know think about the
first time they did brain surgery like
we're gonna cut open your head and see
if this works
aunt Erica you ever had brain surgery
you never had brain surgery she's never
had brain surgery anyways okay I'm gonna
sit down and I'm an upload this vlog I'm
gonna have a piece of pizza and then
we're gonna keep shooting all right I
love you guys
what else that's it okay see you guys
tomorrow yes I'm wearing makeup I like
to wear makeup because it makes me feel
pretty okay don't think I'm weird
do I have my face looks weird I just
editing that's like what's with my face
like oh I'm wearing makeup listen I'm
gonna make a deal with you guys no one
takes Sunday this week Kay will have a
full regular vlog on Sunday no one taker
so I'm trading yeah we're doing a
one-take Friday for a no one takes
Sunday deal if you guys want to get some
shaycarl argyle socks links below I
really hope you like this music video
I'm really excited about it
really they say that it said really okay
click on the videos I love you guys see
you tomorrow bye
