this counts apparently is the best beard
beard I've seen hey Internet what's
going on I just left the hospital
Charles is sleeping and that's tough see
if I don't know if you've ever been to
the hospital with your family and
everybody's just kind of standing around
it's a little bit awkward because
nobody's worried but nobody like wants
to a voice that worried everybody's you
know trying to put on a proud face and
then it just kind of like ends up where
you're all just standing around the bed
just like looking at the person in the
bed
and like making small talk and just
thought I want to get out of there and
let him rest relax I love my friend
Charles hope he's okay everything looks
good it's just like his head's really
swollen up today they're gonna have him
do some therapy and stuff one thing's
for sure though like his mind is still
totally there
it's like quick and witty you keep
saying things and cracking me up
anyway I still be fine just know
stressful situation and you're getting
worried about your friend so I'm gonna
either go running right now or try to go
to the Boston game for like 45 minutes
to an hour what should I do
go running in Boston everybody runs here
everywhere I go I see runners like
everybody runs literally look
everybody's running right now look she's
running and you know what the ironic
thing is pisses me off it's beard night
at the Boston Red Sox game if you have a
beer you can get in for a dollar
guess who's had a beard for the last six
years but doesn't have one tonight on
fear night me that's the answer the
question I don't have a beard actually
the promotion said I was listening to it
on the radio says it doesn't even have
to be a real beard so you want to just
get a fake beard you can get in for a
dollar but I as shaycarl the bearded man
that I am the captain of the shave beard
boat refused to wear a fake beard that
is a gorgeous beard look at that you
guys are looking excellent tonight go
Sox so there's all kinds of fake beards
walking around here but I refuse to wear
a fake beard I'm a real beard kind of
guy just waiting to hear how Lake
Charles surgery went and everything but
I'm glad to hear or just to see on
Twitter at least I haven't talked to
Shay it.thank he's doing well so I'm
relieved but I can't imagine having a
shame what if it was Shay in that seat
you know doing brain surgery oh I hurt
without to Ellie my goodness but I'm so
glad that he's doing well and I'm so
happy that she had the opportunity to be
there with him but Roger wants to show
you guys something all right what do you
want to show him yeah oh you found it in
our yard huh yeah he's been carrying
that thing around and I keep telling him
it's gonna die you got to let him live
he's just wants to hold it
what's your snails name Maggie uh-huh
your snails name daddy do you miss your
daddy where did he go
where did he go in the airplane yeah he
went to Boston on an airplane
whenever Shay goes out of town or
anything he always just says dad from an
airplane he didn't go anywhere else he's
still on an airplane and he will be on
an airplane until he gets back little
three-year-old minds I love it I think
I'm actually gonna go into this
Marshalls right now and buy a harvard
sweater if they have any Harvard
sweaters in here for son target maybe I
should get a Red Sox trip I think I
should I like this one maybe what you
should do is get a toothpick and get
that piece of food out of your teeth
just saying do check that out Heather
like that heather gray kind of that that
color I love that so I'm getting call
that does that count as a beard yeah
that's dance
that's a spirit I've seen you remind me
of that guy off the Braveheart like the
old guy that had the breath array
remember I mean you're not prettier than
me oh that's beard night baby and I
don't have one you're more of a man than
I oh yeah a little bit that's the sense
that sounds that's it you're very pretty
woman you have a fake beard there we go
oh I got a beard on now get in for a
dollar I just got this new carrier for
myself because I've never had one before
and everybody hi everybody I'm sounding
so like like everybody's doing it so I
had to get one but all the moms that I
know that have a baby carrier say that
these these kinds of her girl babies are
the best so I will let you guys know I'm
gonna try it out and I bought this
infant insert for it so I'm excited to
try it out but it honestly doesn't fit
very
some kind of chubby but the baby's gonna
go right here a little ugly little baby
laughing at me wait a laughing at bro me
well when you were little I would
carried your little Bobby
now you're just weird mom hashtag get
beard check out all those weird those
are all the players maybe I'll just come
to schedule parties over here
you don't like that music fan he says
but listen to the music they have to
listen to okay so now the goal is to
find a tickets apparently it has sold
out so I have to try to find the scalper
I have $40 cash in my bucket that's our
mission to find a ticket into the game
for 40 bucks
wish me luck I don't even have a beer
found a guy but I have to give him 61 6
weeks for going to the ATM thanks boss I
gotta get some money out of it count
okay you guys I did it had to pay 60 but
it is a good ticket Lee sir man y'all a
chicken thank you I got a deal fill them
going to show up boss and come see me
anytime you know friendly this guy right
here
you know people up and I'm gonna have a
beer that he hooked me up
thanks man youtube we're gonna check it
out you cheat on flash a tard haha I got
a ticket dude I'm going to a Boston Red
Sox game at Fenway Park I told that guy
hey I have this little reality show I
won't show your face but I just want to
show the transactionally you show my
face so he said send people my way so if
you're ever in Boston come down to this
corner and look for that guy and he'll
sell you tickets told me to give him a
shout-out
dude I'm giving you a shout-out you're
in Boston you want some tickets go find
that dude what do you say his name was
going on you show up boss and come see
me anytime you down friend
alright I'm in the park lemon Fenway
Park go into a Boston Red Sox game I
just got really excited it smells
delicious
I just got I just felt guilty on the
side so guilty because Charles is in the
hospital and I'm like having fun
I feel guilty he told me to go when I
was leaving I was giving her mahogany to
get some sleep man you got it rest you
gotta get healthy they said go Kinkos
and he told me his last thing he said
let's go find a beard okay I'll do it
anyways I'm here at Fenway Park Let's Go
Red Sox
well what do you think do you all know
did you see him she was trying to sneak
that he knew I wouldn't let him chew on
that no let go
so Zeke has been missing chase so much
last night he was whining and today he's
been moping around trying to follow me
around it's not the same where is better
you mache was she where's daddy huh
he'll be home soon bro don't worry okay
I'm gonna find the bathroom because I
want to put my box Red Sox shirt on I
can't be had a boss Red Sox keeping up
with my Boston Red Sox true might just
make sense
okay I think we need to do a beard
montage is there some seriously awesome
bears here I'm gonna ask some dudes if I
can film their beards Oh - a beard
montage prepare for the lamest beard
montage ever look at that beard yeah do
it on second thought I don't want to go
around a bunch of dude so I can fill
their beard so it's good news but I'm
like anyways we're looking for my ticket
is a large box 102 ro ll a good seat
we're about to find out coming out of
the tunnel at Fenway Park
imagine all the history that's happened
in this field
okay first pitch
I'm not that guy as he's an excellent
news he's been making memories for 40
years in the minor leagues
David Ortiz is a bad
Oh
how about the sound of that bat hit that
ball that was awesome
so here we are centered and I are at the
church again and that jerk Shay's out of
the time of his life at a Boston Red Sox
stick get home and rub your wife's feet
shade it's time for scout starting back
up with Scouts and you know what the
funny thing is last week we had our
first meeting for scouts it wasn't a
meeting it was I could gather and get
together welcoming back social anyways
and I wore the shirt and last week I
could button it up all the way barely
but I could do it this week nope look at
my belly when I laugh it makes me feel
like Santa Claus and then it makes me
laugh you've been more hey mami tarde
I like chubby girls but anyways so I had
to find a shirt that's the same color
and I just did one button so I'm like
I'm not buying a new shirt because I'm
gonna have this baby soon and I'm not
buying a new shirt just for Scouts so
they're just gonna have to laugh at me
do you think I'm funny sun-earth do you
think it looks ridiculous
yeah oh well I don't really care if
you're doing your homework there's such
a studious student good job dude yep you
got a book report next Wednesday gotta
get some fire on your button get it done
for it so I'm gonna go set up
Cecily was such a sweetheart she came to
watch the rest of the kids for us so we
could do the scouts tonight so Thank You
Cecily we love you so much
just kidding I'm so glad I was feeling
with David Ortiz knocked the ball out of
the park I was so close so happy I got
that on camera I feel like I can almost
just leave now because I got that on
camera
David Ortiz first pitch knock it out of
the park but no first I have to eat one
of everything they sell here all right
I'm about to do some damage man I want
it all and she knew she saw me go on a
chicken tenders with fries a Fenway
Franks and a large coca-cola classic on
the rocks bring it all just put in my
mouth this is my first time I'm
documenting the experience in five up
top I see that Ortiz homer crack Ortiz
homered right out of the park yeah yeah
first pitch I got it on camera you'll
have to watch my video later
Ortiz's up again I gotta fill this
foul ball
if David Ortiz right
this is exciting for cam to walk around
the home base in a close shot
get him
nice
outed first for the Boston Red Sox
got through
so I decided just to walk around the
entire parks I want to see it from every
angle
that way whatever I think that's on this
day every angle in that work so I'm just
walking around just trying to see it
every different angle I said that
already - I say that
okay I gotta give a shout out to my
homies i sat next to it the game these
guys the stud muffins yeah the whole
crew we had a good time right this is
first first Sox game guys alright guys
see ya guys were cool it was just next
to them and somebody came up to me a
viewer came up and was like hey my
picture with you and then he had me sign
his Boston Red Sox jersey I was sitting
with these dudes for like an hour just
chatting talking this small talking
stuff so then after this guy gets my
picture and has me autograph his Boston
Red Sox jersey these dudes look at me
like who are you so I just said I make
this game to video so I just don't like
niggas shut up
so you dudes are awesome I'd blast the
game with you guys I'm gonna head back
to the hospital and try to see Charles
15 hours for over what a night what a
night here in Boston
the night to remember right here at
Fenway Park
Babe Ruth played in this stadium right
here Bambino what a night what a memory
beard night I would I filmed that I felt
that I was there and I saw that real
life so the freakin Orioles won hoping
the Red Sox were gonna win anyway just
look at everybody walking home from the
game for those of you they're from
Boston I'm right across from this Citgo
sign it's quite the landmark I'm staying
in the Buckminster hotel look at
everybody walking home from the game you
can almost see let's see the lights at
Fenway Park right there right for my
hotel room all these people walking home
hey guys sorry the Orioles want it so
bad I wish I'd have brought some more to
walk from California
alright that's another day in the life
of the Shaytards thanks for joining us
you guys if this is your first time
please sure to subscribe and join us on
our daily journeys around the world I
was just looking at my facebook and just
looking at all the pictures and the
places I've been and the opportunities
I've gotten to have because of this
whole YouTube thing I always feel
overwhelmed and blessed and grateful for
good friends good family and so many
opportunities I appreciate every second
of it and it has been quite the ride
please pray for my friend Charles keep
him in your thoughts I really do believe
in prayer
I believe prayer is powerful and it can
change lives there's a quote or my mom
at my house and Idaho my mom has this
like little you know wooden thing she
made it church like in the Relief
Society it says where there is great
love there are miracles and I really
believe that with all the love and
support that is coming from you guys to
Charles a miracle will happen and it
already has really he's had two brain
surgeries pulled out two tumors so
they're gonna update you more later but
the tumor that they pulled out
originally it grew back and so they had
to pull out the rest of it again
so scary stuff but he's had
best surgeons in the world working on
him and he's healthy tonight you know he
was talking and everything so keep them
in your prayers
anyways I fly home in the morning back
to Colette and the kids I'm so excited
to see them they seem like they grow up
so fast I've been gone a few days and I
watch these vlogs and I'm like the kids
are growing up like the couple days have
been gone so I'm get on a plane tomorrow
and headed back to Los Angeles and I
will uh as always see you guys tomorrow
here folks is the end slate if you don't
know what the end slate is let me fill
you in this is the place where dreams
come true if you want to click on
yesterday's vlog go ahead and click
where it says to click that's an arrow
it's like going back in time going back
in time every day I like to pick a
Philly lucky video just a random video
that I pick out of the shaycarl vault of
videos I've made over the last five
years and if you want to see what our
family has been doing every single day
for the last four years you can do that
you can see what we are doing exactly on
this day four years ago three years ago
two years ago and one year ago that's
right you guessed it right click on
those numbers and you'll see those years
love you guys and we'll see you tomorrow
thumbs up the video it helps a lot
