oh this is for your new bed thank you
there you go the joy alright you guys so
we are picking up our pill box stuff and
we think that we might have something
special it's really excited I'm not in
mine and I hate my life
go pack go to package we've got a
package a package what is it
well blue my favorite word is badge
I ain't won anything cause we got
package I need to know I can open up the
bag can you give me the key I need a
sharp object our Giza he was farming
cleaning you're hiding hair I remember
now okay
everybody who knows what's in this
secret pocket I think guys secret
package oh boy the excitement is
building like I'm gonna burst through
Willy Wonka's chocolate tube you know
I'm saying but I look the pressure just
keeps building and building till it
gusta shoots through the
by more merch and like we got some for
everybody that's a 60 Brock
that's yours dog 9 my hat better being
here excited dude that smile more shirts
everywhere yeah sorry bro way to get you
on which got me once we get Bravo no I
don't know
oh do that fits perfect right out of the
box I like this ing do I like that hat
thanks Roman thanks Britney holy crap
always smile or you guys know our
buddies Roman and Brittany day I have to
smile more store Merc it's so much more
than merchants Roman was just saying
that it's a way of life man you had to
choose to smile it's not easy out here
and happy yes you're right for it smile
more alright our package sure no hobbies
no cheese like this thank you guys
alright you smell more boys okay open it
up that's for you guys I think if that's
the right box I actually haven't checked
it that could be a different box
you are not okay why don't you smash
open the box instead of just smashing on
top of the box this is for your new bed
there's another one help them get the
other one yeah you did thank you
there you go oh yeah okay but listen
before we put him before even when your
beds I'm gonna wash them cuz it's always
good to wash new things so they don't
have like dyes and stuff on yeah yeah
I'm super organic whatever
Hey open them up let's see what they
look like those might even be the sheet
and not the blanket
are those the blankets you love you guys
yes I will open this yes I know and pull
it out
oh cool oh my goodness here buddy
dad oh well he likes that more than the
blanket you did here pull it out put out
of the oh yeah you guys are door okay
what does it look like uh-huh
webslinger cool that's really awesome
all right it's almost Rocky's turn and
he has gum stuck in his hair
and I didn't realize it until we're in
the car so he's gonna have gum in his
hair for the big time
gosh
so cute great job brocco moms here's the
moms moms just chatting about mom stuff
being moms here and it's going on over
here
see you bet
anyways okay we're shopping Brock tell
me what we're doing tell her own
vacation tell them it's official so it's
official we're on vacation we're going
camping it's gonna be awesome it's ready
own the Big Lots yeah okay we'll go it
let's all go together cousin gonna make
cuz we're talking find shoes for Daxton
because we're all loading up in the car
and accidentally dachshund got scooped
up and put in this car seat when he
didn't have any shoes on turns out he's
and have any shoes never to go camping
for day and a half without any shoes no
no can do we got it with him shoes good
frock is a wise man got his shoes yeah
let's go you see it yep really tight cuz
then you can run really really really
fast huh okay let's see it honest it's a
go wow there he goes alright you know
here's the situation it's Saturday night
we just got done with all the soccer
game football game parrot pandemonium of
the Saturday weekend now we're gonna go
camping
look at mountain we're gonna come back
for school on Monday but we just figured
let's go Saturday night hang out Sunday
do a little bit of family time no we
didn't right over here what about these
are these too small
dang it they're too small for you how
big your feet well does he need shoes
really I'm going to the mountains he
could be like little you know camping
boy hey Khandaq sombrero did any guys
bring extra shoes you saw Gavin wears
the same size of shoe as me guys what
size of shoe do you wear
Gavin wears ten and a half we were the
same size t ooh music man don't hurt me
when you get older okay promise okay
okay well danced in this shoeless come
on I'm gonna try to catch those guys
Daxton come here dude look here try
those on put those on try them on why
either cool down these green ones dude
they're soft
try them on hazel done those can you
just try them on for me I want to see
you're planning on just try them on yeah
yeah we don't have to go we just see how
cool they look I just want to know how
soft they are
hey mom found some mom pouts uncle look
no we're not doing spider-man hats come
here there you find some find some yeah
Omri hey let me see those Dax put those
on no get your shoes on dude we're just
going to get shoes Daxton Oh Hulk
look dude order those over Ninja Turtles
put those on dude
try those on look they're so cute
they don't fit you yeah they do try one
get your foot in there babe help him
that thing's in the way he's not fit me
those are like gross looking shoes
aren't they like giant turtle turds do
you like them get that other one on get
the other one on squeeze it on
Cinderella do you want to go to the ball
or not you want to go to the ninja ball
then get the shoes on there we go you're
going to the Teenage Mutant Ninja ball
are you excited I'm sure alright Darth
Vader okay let's go Mexico's campfire
hours wasting we got s'mores baby steps
baby steps to the campfire baby step
assisting the fire alright ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls guess who has a
new pair of feet but are they
comfortable let's see go run in him go
run this way let's see how fast you can
run watching the street on the street
dude geez Usain Bolt's slow down here he
goes
Ninja Turtle feet okay now are we going
to get some more material Tut's what's
up next on the agenda my favorites hi
guys we're just gonna go camping we're
just shopping first yeah
shoppings nice and fun what are you
doing say something uh so I take over so
we're going camping so first we're gonna
go shopping then actually talk about
something so we get a good camping and
we're shopping you just tell them out
and dr. Loomis your shoes they got back
soon some Ninja Turtle shoes guys mom's
yelling what Oh pandemonium as usual
okay you guys okay we just did a DD a
deli dinner
we just went to little deli they had a
bunch of chicken strips hold that that's
a mouth fredo some warm Alfredo's and
like 25 chicken strips cuz I got
sunburned today holy crap Sami was
sitting out on a football game look at
my face oh my gosh I should wear
sunscreen you look red - where's
football games all day today - cloud
oh man still snowing is casted awesome
are they faking
knowing Oak Creek paddle stolen Alamo
but no one hears me every morning
ibuprofen halibut I'm still heaven-sent
see mama said you smell good angel choir
singing in unison don't box you in get
the angles you will galaxy with human
skin by the garbha petition no there
ain't no to image ask Euston take a look
at Luna like some planes I tried to
blend in with the Stars so gotta get so
high did I dropped off my precious cargo
jet stream of memories and moments that
I borrowed come become tomorrow
oh fuck
loudly is that a wagon wheel laughs
that's a wagon wheel at indeed I think
it is we're in a cabin whoa look at
these logs oh look at these did you see
these logs
these kids are huddled around the wall
furnace hate we have some firewood we
can put in there babe do we have a
cast-iron stove dude look it's it's the
fire king
you can't not make a fire in the fire
King stove da Napoli oh oh this this
thing will warm up this whole cabin dude
I'm gonna go get some wood we're light
that up and all sudden warmth will spew
from the fire king ha ha ha I'm saying
okay dude look at this it's so oh
they're so naughty
this is such a naughty bum calf and
that's not um naughty bum what we go
we're going up to our cabin sweet cabin
these are steep stairs ladies and
gentlemen you got to be careful going up
these you could take a tumble down them
nah this is gonna be a fun little oh
look at that cute little red light right
there
matches the whole red pillows dude Oh
fresh air awaits right out here
everybody follow me to the fresh air
nope dude the pine trees right here I
needed this that smells good please
think I'd hang out here for the weekend
oh you guys this is the attack squirrel
he hangs out right here
I'll get you boys you better watch your
P's and Q's I'll be jumping through this
all
yeah there's a monster going through the
brush I can see I can see him right
there oh there's our big hole monster
down there who is scaring me hisk tied
by the tree he's trying to play coy Oh
dick he'll have you you watching the
perimeter dude dude there's wolves
there's bears up here watch that
perimeter dog hey little girl what are
you doing in there all alone in their
cabin in the woods oh I'm sorry
are you calling this bed for yourself
yeah this is your satchel this is where
your cribbing up for the night does it
yeah you guys my mom actually and my dad
have been kind of like fixing this
they've been fixing this little place up
for us and Gavin says that pillow smells
like Grandma are you sleeping in here no
this is what wait we were me mom
sleeping we see no sirs okay
we're downstairs I ain't joking you guys
you watch your step when you're coming
down this thing it is quite the
steepness
it's like descending Everest cool got
the rollout couch for the boys Daxton do
you want to sleep right here on this
couch oh I'm gonna go get some wood I
got to light that fire King I forgot I
can actually reach up suppose my smells
like we're in the particles Oh watch
your head
hey babe is this our room king-size bed
I love the lighting in here yeah is that
sure I think these are grandpa's okay
light this bad boy see that longing
we're match yeah yeah just this dad you
can't do this you could do do thanks for
the confidence Brock hello
I'm gonna brine up um here to here
petition hey Dad can i light this
barking on fire why
well it's a too late we just like let it
we'll see there's only one log in there
there's newspaper in here but I turn the
flu
yeah we'll see here yeah missing to be
going up um ah it's not lighting very
well alright I think we need some more
paper the smoke seems like it's going up
the thing see you guys we're going
because we've never really tried this
but it it seemed like the smoke was
going up there okay I'm gonna make a
real effort to like this see you up
there
no it's just a lot of cracking you're
weird
what was that
okay gotta let this oh dude check it out
we're rocking the smile more shirts so
we ordered some of these and thanks to
Britney she sent us like a bunch of
extra stuff she sent me a smile more hat
that was wasn't it out of stock babe
hold out on the website it was sold out
and they still sent me one so thank you
but yeah we're all rocking our smile
right here okay okay I think we got it
lit I think we got it lay here we go
baby here we go we got warm Zeke hey you
havin fun camping buddy he's having a
good time all right so we're gonna do
s'mores guys yeah
s'more time oh that's cozy as a heck oh
man I just want to cuddle up by far
right now tell some Christmas ghost
stories Christmas that Christmas I don't
know just want to mix them all in you
know okay do we have any songs we can
sing it's the final countdown
bah dah dah dah
the final countdown jar so loud the
Bears were gonna wake up
Proc you're the lead singer hit it
dinner nerd da da da da da da da da da
for some reason you guys let is Brookes
favorite song okay guys there's other
campers okay so yeah a wild seek in the
background okay we're here the kids are
being crazy they're looped up on s'mores
Jackson's asleep in the cabin it's about
what time is it is it late is it
midnight it is time is it guys I can't
guys I don't
oh there's yes it is 11:17 11 17 guys
it's lat that's what time it is
okay he's like what time is it their
camp but I wonder what time it's 11:17
anyways we catch up on sea breeze also
in the deep end we know I know I know I
know small stuff take my mellow
I know got enough marshmallows no violin
do some Lindsey Stirling my little doll
do-do-do-do-do
yeah don't fall in the fire but don't be
quiet
there are a few Caymans close to us
that's why we're trying to tell the kids
to be quiet
the kids are like hyper as heck man all
right good night guys we gotta go the
kids are going crazy
Gilligan me boom at the end slate dance
lay down you can't do the olden slaves
like we used to do so we're going to
figure out the ins late so I ask the
family to come here look I think I think
there's two videos up here on their
picture frames you can click on its like
yesterday's video and like another great
video that you're totally why check out
okay love you bye
you go back to localize
