hi I'm log in here the mone Boston it is
a beautiful day here it's a little
chilly but I love it to ride me of Idaho
hi good morning
headed over to see how Charles is doing
he just cut out from surgery so we're
going to go over to cheer him up and
give him kisses come on let's go guys
it's a great song honey dinosaur
why don't you gotten your magic trick oh
alright today's a very special day the
kids have an assembly in the mornings to
kind of update them with what's going on
in the week and apparently sent hard and
Princess hard to ask the principal if
they could sing for one of the morning
assemblies and he says sure actually but
you didn't ask him yet oh I thought you
just did asked him already
okay so you guys realize this may not
happen today yeah so these kids want to
sing for a morning assembly which high
flick okay that's impressive
awesome what will you see oh the Taylor
Swift and whoever the rapper dude oh you
guys I'm proud that you are so we'll see
if that happens today it might not
happen today but at least it's on their
minds and they can practice and maybe do
another hymn
okay actually uh so I was headed to the
hospital I did go to the hospital I
didn't go in and see Charles yet because
it's you know pretty traumatic just
coming out of brain surgery so Allie
went in and the Charles mom and dad went
in and so the rest of us we waited there
for a couple hours and they're they want
him to sleep now everything is good they
got the tumor out you'll hear all about
this on Charles vlog so go check it out
but now we're just saw at the hotel kind
of waiting firm to sleep we're uploading
the iPhone video he made an iPhone video
and then we're gonna go
lunch and it is gorgeous here I can't
believe I've never been to Boston before
I don't know if you guys can see this
spiderweb we got going on here but it's
right by this sign and it's like oh it's
huge it's connected to this tree somehow
I feel like he's trying to catch people
forget about flies oh look at that look
Louie look hard you see it okay it's
time to go little man this is the
hardest part trying to drag him off of
this toy cuz I can't climb up on your
Abin okay it's time to go oh that's
super awesome isn't it it's wet your
buns gonna yell whit so apparently the
kids ask the principal if they could
sing and he said that he already knew
what they were gonna ask he said not
this week but next week so they practice
all week didn't be able to sing next
week at the morning assembly for the
entire school which I'm like really
that's super like they're being very
brave so we'll see what happens I'm
exciting okay the Boston Red Sox game
just got over and I had to run back to
my hotel room to upload the vlog hi hey
thanks for subscribing hi
I'm getting funny looks okay i'ma stop
running I went back to my hotel room
upload the vlog Boston Red Sox game he's
right across from my hotel I don't know
if they want or not can't tell the vibe
of the Bostonians if they're happy with
led the Orioles I'm gonna try to go to
the game tomorrow and then I'm running
back to the hospital to see Charles and
it's like 10:30 at night look at the
lights of Fenway that's so cool man I'm
gonna ask this pup dude Boston win they
lost
sorry he's cute he looked at me goes no
sorry dude
Carroll I forgot that Harvard was in
Boston I see a lot of people wearing
Harvard sweaters
I told Sun tart he has to go to either
Harvard or Yale so I think I'm gonna buy
him a Harvard sweater get it in his mind
start brainwashing him now son Tarts
smart enough he could go to Harvard I
believe in you bro you're gonna go to
Harvard and you're gonna get a doctorate
or you're gonna get you're gonna win the
blue ribbon for smartest kid Harvard
yeah okay I'm gonna buy you a sweater
for that plenty good job I love when my
children come running to me did you miss
me
I should kiss
dare fight at school today yeah tomorrow
I'm right after school could be like get
daily yes you do
wait where you going drug just hang out
with me oh hey later dude there's our
other child what a great bunch of kids I
have where'd you find a sticker who's
that on the sticker who's that on the
sticker it's Hello Kitty can't throw it
though that's littering I'm you're
kidding
here I'll help you I'm gonna have a few
there you go all right this beautiful
lady right here is in charge of taking
care of my home skillet everybody was
saying you got the Skrill at circa going
down the Gary Oldman in Fifth Element I
thinking more like dude I remember when
we went to Warped Tour in Chicago no not
Warped Tour Lollapalooza and Skrillex
played and there was like 50 freakin
thousand kids jumping up and then after
the show we go backstage and Skrillex
comes over and sees Charles he's like
Charles and like Charles was friends
with Skrillex there's a mango first last
we used to play with him all the time
yeah back in the day I was like two my
favorite buddy Trevor he's so huge now
yeah he's a Grammy winner Grammy winner
Skrillex you're gonna be a Grammy winner
one day one day want apple juice or
water what are you feeling my phone oh I
don't know your phone's ass not holding
shake phone okay oh it's right here it's
right here - yes yes sir yes sir just
ring a bell we get a bell for Charles
that he can ring hey tell me yeah yes
we're in the room hanging out with
Charles talking about well she's asking
all about the what we do and I was
telling her he even has a Guinness World
Record first he's its lot yeah for
longest consecutive vlogs
he is a Guinness world record holder so
you have to pay extra special attention
oh my god I feel honored to be in this
room pressure yeah you should be you
should be yeah
1,600 days at 1,600 days man oh it's
today 1,600 yeah
Guinness ready he already had it no he
got it like a couple weeks ago oh yeah
we played New York and they came out to
New York they came out and gave it to
him and the band was on the marquee
were they yeah he's on the band you know
on Times Square
those are the people from Guinness Book
World Records like they're from England
are they follow you and then yeah they
came out I was wondering like how you
just get a record I was wanted to get
like biggest beard or something but you
could have had a knighted now I keep
growing it up and now we're going to
domestics we're good man we should
explain baby tardy has a friend coming
over tomorrow
his name is daily this will be her first
kind of playdate where her friend comes
over to our house be super excited and
we're gonna yeah it'll be fun
I mean we have cousins over long stuff
but not daily is going to be so
wonderful
what do you think your brother cute he's
great yeah he's crazy
you know you're a really good example
for him I'm very proud of that
okay you should be and those are proud
that were making stuff Joe I know I
finally told sundar that he gets to
decide what dinner tonight
and he's been requesting sloppy joe a
while like I said it's kind of crazy
anyway I'm not resting sloppy joes for a
while sloppy joes tonight yes rock tired
Judith squealing not cool nicely case
I'm tired what are we at the grocery
start getting bread what kind of bread
jalapeno bread no that will me I gotta
market lunch now we're gonna try to find
bun we run they have to buy those though
okay put it back put a Mac yeah hoagies
kissers okay quit smashing
are they smashed no sure there's math we
have to buy them child okay come over
here I think the funds are over here
buddy I wonder why he's this way
oh wait he's Jays child okay I get it
tickle makes sense speaking of Shea's
child I'm super anxious to see what kind
of a personality this baby boy is gonna
have because if he's anything compared
to rock guard I'm gonna have my asshole
seriously let's just say I'm gonna have
man no no no those won't go good with
sloppy joes okay so before you and dad I
think we all ate some we shared them
yesterday with our guests sorry okay
okay dude I love you see you tomorrow
have a good night's sleep
kisses Charles is peeing guys he peed
right there for you guys that's for you
so nice generous I'll take your PA bro
that's what friends do okay everyone
oh I stole this be Daniel it okay
there's toilet in that hand is there any
like pull it out like a potty training
boys she's not like my shade try to put
the water bottle on the thing in a water
when everyone just like the bottle bag
of Charles should get brain surgery more
often he's hilarious he's been really
funny right now
good memory guys remember that video
Shane Lincoln stoned right now okay but
I didn't love you so believe it or not I
have never made sloppy joes in my life
so I'm like yeah I guess we'll just find
a recipe online or something but then I
thought you know what I wonder if my mom
knows how to make sloppy joes so I
checked out her recipe book and she does
have a recipe for barbecue beef and I'm
super excited because it's the same
thing as Lobby Joe's you serve it with
buns so I'm going to make her recipe
today and see how it turns out but it
calls for a pound of meat like ground
beef
using ground turkey and then a cup of
onions 3/4 cup celery in a large grade
of carrot but I didn't really measure
mine I just sort of eyeball it but
here's what I got so here's all the
vegetables chopped up and I've got the
turkey meat cooking with salt and pepper
and then we're going to make once we get
all that browned and we put that in to
mix it we're gonna make the sauce cool I
feel so like Suzie homemaker right now
okay there it is we gotta let it simmer
for a little while okay
oh what's that oh that's one of the
presents you got from somebody at I
think on this playlist live I don't know
special super lucky though oh that's
your puzzle you want me to open it yeah
okay I can't do it one-handed
thanks thanks bro thanks bro
okay so this recipe basically for the
sauce it calls for three tablespoons
honey 3/4 cup ketchup 2 tablespoons
mustard 1 tablespoon vinegar 2
tablespoons Teixeira sauce 1/2 teaspoon
chili powder and 2 tablespoons flour and
1 and 1/2 cups water which I only added
like 3/4 cup water I thought it was too
much water it has to simmer now for the
vegetables go sausage what oh yeah you
do need help with your puzzles
ok maybe Center can help you while I
finish cooking well you might have to
learn how to do your puzzle by yourself
for a minute dude now I did test it it's
a little bit tangy I like it if you
don't like it as tangy you can add more
honey or some brown sugar but I think
it's gonna turn out good we'll see what
the kids think ok rock hard do you like
it yeah you like the sandwich good like
it well that's a good sign yeah yeah you
like it - yeah we did it
and doctor okay dude
say I like sloppy joes okay fine
 Sam oh bugger here's a bugger if
he is a booger please don't eat it cuz
that's just disgusting well I mean like
on the second thought if rock-hard was a
booger maybe I would eat him cuz he's so
cute like if there's a booger that was
that cute how could you not eat it if
he's just like hilarious and crazy I
just I'd eat that crazy Larry's Q booger
you know right no okay it's late I'm
delirious I love you guys I have been
overwhelmed by the amount of support
that you guys have given my friend
Charles we're reading as many comments
and tweets as possible they are pouring
in and just exhausted and been at the
hospital all day long and just tests and
in and out and all kinds of crazy stuff
so thank you for your support thank you
for being here thank you for everything
thumbs up in the videos subscribing and
just being a part of this crazy journey
it is such a life that is a crazy life
and I wouldn't have it any other way
love you click on some videos keep
smiling
we'll see you guys tomorrow
