hi I'm logging here morning ladies and
gentlemen today's vlog starts out in the
Philadelphia marketplace just took the
red-eye flight from Los Angeles
International Airport to Philadelphia
and now I feel like I'm in the mall all
of a sudden there's like a giant
shopping center here in the Philadelphia
Airport yes yes I think I would like to
buy a Harley Davidson while I'm here at
the Philadelphia Airport how does that
work with customs for like can I like
just check that ins like an overhead
compartment thing I just that me already
well I can buy a motorcycle on an air
for you slowly McGillicuddy but you can
buy a chicken sandwich
or a pizza or a frosty I like some
orange chicken
oh ho yeah put cherries on top of it I
bet I'm making you hungry yeah I bet you
am betcha
shiny buffalo-head nickel but no I ain't
in that crap I got a slim down man
October is coming you guys we're doing
another shayloss month some of you don't
know what that is we are going hard the
month of October I'll call misshaped
over we're gonna lose weight ladies and
gentlemen I am gonna trim up and get the
better of my life mark my words
thinking words I'm gonna do it so you
guys better join me
check out the shayloss channel I'm gonna
get a massage yeah look where I'm at I'm
at the express spa I got an hour layover
I'm freakin sore and sleeping at all cuz
I left LA at midnight now it's 8 a.m.
here in Philadelphia on the Gila 50 and
massage the airport it's exciting I'm
gonna spa all the sudden I just got a
free massage and my legs are swore I did
squats on Saturday like day can't skip
leg day bro and now I am drinking water
alright I'm getting on the plane to
Boston I have never been to Boston
I was hoping to go there - the box
appears
we all now
see my history in Boston
guys there's no ashtray in the door how
I supposed to put a quarter in the
ashtray
it's going on USA
you do it to be your mess in my
tradition all I got here is a coat
hanger I don't have a coat to hang it on
no ashtray there's a changing table oh
look it's a little baby please did to
like you liked taggart art very much
there's over 10,000 comments on the one
take Sunday we're talking about the baby
we're gonna have to come up with
something after we see it a lot of times
you have to see the baby before you know
it to me and then we'll vote
Philadelphia rain here we are in my room
random I'm in my room I'm in my room I'm
in my dad's nests in my room so I'm here
in Boston Massachusetts never been here
before
this is so cool uh you guys want to see
the view outside look real Boston
onehans robe Austinites walking around
outside so I'm uploading the vlog and
I'm watching the latest episode of
Breaking Bad oh my gosh Oh what webs we
weave man this is a it's about the
little things
man never Walt he never thought it would
come to this he never liked all the
things are happening in this episode are
just like he could have never conceived
that he would have done such things I
mean even things that he's done before
but it all starts out the small little
seemingly in discrepant decisions that
we make that lead to these big huge
things it's like why are you doing that
it all starts the small it's the biggest
life lesson I could give you guys
honestly I have seen it so many times in
my own life and it's like happening
right here on this TV show it starts
with the small things do you let
yourself slip one little bit it's like
it'll domino effect until you're like I
can't tell you because you haven't maybe
see the episode I don't want to spoiler
it for you I made a watch Breaking Bad
oh man people like this is such good
writing this stuff happens to real
people I mean I'm not saying like
everybody's gonna turn into a mess you
know dealer murderer but like things
happen that you nephew people do things
they never thought they would do because
they let themselves slip just a little
bit anyways I'm uploading the video and
finishing and watching this last episode
of Breaking
and then I'm gonna head over the
hospital meet Charles now we're gonna
watch some dinner and kiss Boston
traffic right there next to Fenway Park
yeah that's been way pot right there
with the Boston Red Sox play I'm doing
an accent okay what'd you say
I gotta do fix and if you wear I go the
second that I become self-aware of the
accident goes away this Fenway Park
right there they got the Green Monster
causes tradition and heritage and
history could be one of the oldest
ballparks in the nation one of the only
manual scoreboard still in existence in
the major leagues that crazy they
actually switched the score manually by
fans right here on Landsdowne Street I
sure would like to come to a game here I
wonder if there's a game while I'm here
in town that would be so cool to go see
the Boston Red Sox play okay I'm here
I'm here with the trips the trip stirs
the trip mongers and look what I have
walked into so he is he just had an MRI
and he took his plugs out and they smell
if you ever have I told you about
earring or stick it on my son I used to
stick take it all the way through I
wanted like the Lucille I want him to
wear that you have to wear that to
dinner
I used to put Capri Suns roster a tree I
used to do turrets to try to impress the
girl in high school apparently didn't
work I guess I've been tried me drinking
my Capri Sun up in my ear dude if you
had like one of those release yeah the
one that's swirly swirlies in the
likeness it's about a tiny Oh matter
gone down there it is yet you have to
keep it out for the surgery yeah are
they metal yeah is that why oh the MRI
machine max when I ripped apart good I
am I'm gonna save that till tomorrow
when the doctors there did you tell him
yet you guys yeah i retweeted your tweet
all right I think I I said something in
yesterday's one day I'd like to ruin all
your surprise I feel like that it's like
the present brought the free surprise so
Charles I did say this he's gonna vlog
his brain I was saying my one day
excited I was pissed I'm like he gets a
Guinness world record he gets the vlog
his brain he gets do every
better than I do gonna blog my computer
doing something yeah we're going on here
I don't know what's going on all right
so as the daily vlogger life we're here
waiting for Charles you can't do
anything fun into the blog just have to
wait for the vlog to go up it's so great
hanging out with these guys cuz they
know because I just text out like hey
I'm just gonna upload my vlog and she's
like okay well just let us know when
you're done this is like that takes
priority presidents we love you guys
plus you guys tweet us a lot and it's
like dude this is or something's wrong
with us right the video is the 30
minutes late whenever I get my video up
before Charles like what matter with
Charles Shay's videos up before it's the
other thing too it's like with you or
Jesse and uh gja up every single time
it's like we're not all at the same time
somebody else's you do good though dude
you're like always on a schedule you're
smarter I should do that I'm lazy and
stupid and fat or ally anyways alright
we're here we're uploading the vlog and
we're about to go to dinner
high-five you're the best waiter of the
night the first person who's ever
watched Boston right it's time I don't
even know where you're from but I
believe you is it robot ha ha why do you
worry I'm with I wonder toilet how many
times just once just once you learn one
word by one thing what is how did you
say thank you these guys are talking
Thai over here well the crab rangoon was
delicious okay thank you everybody thank
you all right here we are in Boston
Massachusetts with no it's Charles
Trippy Basten ha ha
hahaha so we just got done eating
yeah we're just a block ah little the
pot it's not yeah what is it what is
Mark Wahlberg head body head body that's
a terrible thing
I'm sorry Boston so kick me out I need
at least another weekend I always try to
do accents anytime I go to Australia or
somewhere I know
there are white boy mighty I got a part
no no farting in public oh no that
wasn't a part you should open I am dude
like this okay that's correct - shay-bo
thanks for some oh they're already there
watch they did it anyway thank subscribe
to me you gave adults Oh buddy who's
here in town
Oh your world what would you do if there
was an apocalypse in your only human in
the world what we're just talking about
subscribe to does the internet work -
yes oh well the internet work for more
wha I think the power goes down you
might want to like reach out like tweet
links anybody I stock up with ok yes
take it back to me are you shaking -
weapon tree food and meds I'm gonna
shoot ya yeah well is a case she never
succeeds yeah there's an apology live in
the comments nobody's there apakah Polat
yeah you don't know what to do you don't
know where anybody there's a popsicle
lips
there's popsicles everywhere all you see
is great banana popsicle yay that's a
place I wanted that was one thing we're
talking about at dinner all right come
on let's go back to our hotel get in
there
you need to be on the spin cycle for 30
minutes this is Jesus to you you're not
gonna do it then she's on his boobs my
god it's too bad we found a laundromat
while we're waiting for our uber and
it's warm in here and I told Ali to get
in the dryer oh now it's locked forever
you're stuck in there
no I want to see you get in there six
foot five corn right yeah yeah damn
floor machine cut faggy look at the link
below you'll see Charles quit giving me
more work you're pretty sure you get all
four my offspring in that dryer all
right man you ready tomorrow yeah so
kill it are you gonna see me all goofy
and loopy goofy movie and do pee get
your nuts and butt out of here
good lug it up just plug it up obreg√≥n
I arm in there - yeah good ok cuz I'll
stand on that may when he went in for
the last show we had her know that dude
that one Janet is there PG oh don't cut
nevermind it's Charles dad this is my
father
yeah sorry oh one forget where are you
yeah they get good drugs he gets a good
drugs for those who don't know my father
played in the Greg Allman band back in
the 80s is that a lot of stories that
mustache is seen a thing at you when you
were born I was between these two we got
like 180 years of experience what are
you laughing at ladies just trying to
think about what I wanted to say it's
all about friends and family man that's
all that matters um hey so I'm back at
my hotel room it's weird having the key
we're just sitting there
feels like a confessional I'm just gonna
hold you guys closed in my hands um
so if you don't know who Charles is if
some of you are still in the dark
Charles Trippy is a really good friend
of mine somebody I met on YouTube five
years ago probably the first person I
ever met online that I met in person and
then became friends with and we've been
really close friends for the last five
or six years about a year ago last March
on my during my birthday they found that
he had a brain tumor
so he had to have brain surgery cut open
his head pulled the tumor out he was
having seizures got rid of the tumor and
everybody thought everything was okay it
was a big scare everybody was nervous
well he started having more seizures and
they found out that the tumors coming
back so tomorrow morning at 5:30 a.m.
he's going in to cut his head open again
and to try to get the tumor out they
think the tumors causing these seizures
and it's just you know everything is
hopeful and optimistic but every time
you have brain surgery it's a very scary
thing so I decided to come out here and
just be with him because he is like my
brother
you know I texted him and I said dude I
want to come but I don't want to be in
the way I said just level with me am I
gonna be like annoying or like be
obnoxious I don't want you know if he's
stressed out and he texts me back and
said dude you're like my brother he's
like anything I ever do I want you to be
at so I said I'm definitely coming so
I'm so glad to be here it just does it
feels like family hanging out there
tonight it's like Charles parents or my
parents Ali's parents are my parents and
it feels like a family reunion it really
does and just like after watching that
episode of Breaking Bad it's all about
family like what the things we do to
keep our family strong and to keep those
people who matter the most close to us
and safe and healthy you got a-you know
when you have those people in your life
that means something to you have to hold
on to those things and so the only thing
I would say to you guys is I encourage
you to tell the people that you care
about that you love them and be there
for them and just support people and
anyways pray for Charles just if you
don't believe in God think of him send
some good vibes here's one thing you can
do he is dedicated to the Internet he is
dedicated to his followers please go
subscribe to him think how amazing it
would be if he woke up tomorrow morning
after his surgery and he was at a
million subscribers that's one thing
he's been pushing for he's at like nine
hundred and thirty thousand subscribers
or something like that he's so close if
we could get him to a million
subscribers what a present that would be
what a gift that would be if he woke up
and he's like at a million subscribers
because I know it means a lot to him so
please go subscribe to Charles
links below I'll put it right here tell
everybody share his channel
let's get Charles to a million
subscribers that's one cool way that we
could all bond together and show them
that we love them and care for them all
right I love you guys
tomorrow the kids will be in the vlog
sorry Colette Dropbox make footage but I
didn't have time to get it in this vlog
so I love you guys I'll see you tomorrow
pray for Charles bye
I can't breathe
you
