gee Carl oh my goodness okay we got to
do it it's tradition right I mean it's
only tradition I think we have to do it
what do you guys what are you looking at
you perverts it's time to do the
hurricane simulator remembers we used to
do this a night oh I haven't seen one
doesn't it remind you of like the thing
that was on big when Tom Hanks saw the
thing it's like every time we see this
machine in the world we have to do it is
it fun yeah it's gonna do if you have
been in a hurricane before no it's not
fun people in Oklahoma have to deal with
us all the time now we're paying for it
it's fun teach you empathy whoever
invented debit card accepting machines
on these is a genius parents everywhere
is like I don't have any cash now it's
like it's okay because they have a debit
card reader all right get ready for two
dollars worth of wind
what does two dollars worth of wind buy
these days let's see oh it's counting
down hey I want to see expressionless
faces getting nervous
yeah let your hair out baby tired 70
miles an hour
yeah seriously is this a little like
morbid this is simulating what it's like
to be in a hurricane some people lose
their lives because of these things
we're paying doing 72 miles an hour
the fun look at me me crazy face not
much huh
mommy looks like she's up for a good
time
she looks like the girl from the ring
here they are Rock darts and a stroller
was that it that is lame two dollars
doesn't buy you very much wind that's it
living that over the moment had a lot
more with you know what might actually
be a funny practical joke is if we put
rocked art in there while I sleep eat
and turn it on and if we woke up like
hilariously mean that was a trick if you
laughed your jerk was that fun no kind
of lame okay you owe me two dollars that
was your idea you owe me two dollars
with the foot massages when we get home
look at our little pumpkin all cuddled
up like a little pumpkin pie this little
pumpkin pie that's a cool way to walk
bro
he's a Batman baby damn you man I just
you're gorgeous
I have to say it go I've got excuse me
watch out for vehicular there's one
right there that could have been your
demise right there baby car back to your
hotness where were we huh look at you no
wonder people watch our videos I would
watch our videos just for you you do
watch our videos lots of times at least
three times a piece I always tell him if
you can edit me and still stand to be
around me then you're definitely in love
it has been quite the toll on our
marriage
watching your hotness multiple times a
day
it sucks pin in the parking garage
we haven't sang this song in a while you
know what we need to mix I got my
soft-soled and I got my socks owned in
the parking garage on I got my socks on
in the parking go
oh we can't sing the song if we don't
have our socks on
you got your tights on you got your
tights on you got your back
tight tight song we do come on little
punk your high sleep is more fun than Oh
sleepy face what are we gonna do in a
couple months when we have another
person we're not gonna be right in my
truck anymore morning here's what we're
doing you guys we're gonna get a camper
shell and you guys gonna right in the
back of the camper show illegal can we
do it now right in the back of
commercials
I don't think anymore in our day it was
yeah like when we were growing up they
didn't care about safeties like you
could write on the dashboard for all
they prefer there were no seatbelts I
remember I remember writing like man
just being crazy like when we were
little kids riding on the dashboard
what's up dashboard of course my parents
will deny all such claims but I said it
and that means it's true mom and dad
remember you used to think that we are
dashboard like those little dash
bobbleheads that's what they used to
call us Casey and Shay bobbleheads they
throw us on the dash and be like this my
dad would be going over bumps 100 miles
an hour me in case to be like this
that's why we're a little crazy you guys
we're - head Bubble Bobble bubbles wait
- bobble sweaty come bobble head
dashboard bubbles bobbidi DVD bat bat
bat but I thought that dude root it
already and gobble dooba dooba dooba
deep okay nothing
we're done okay baby tard I love you did
you know that have I told you lately
that I love you oh yeah lately lately
have I told you there's no none else
above you okay it's Saturday night and
the mood is right we're gonna go home
and go to bed yeah except for me and
mommy Tartar gonna stay up and watch a
movie and cuddle and kiss and talk about
how much we love each other you're going
to bed school fishmen goofus we're still
going grocery shopping
we need groceries
Trek Montgomery but see I told you I
would but I didn't know that I would
feel tired after I had all that chicken
want to hear the new Miley Cyrus song
with all this talk about the Miley Cyrus
song we have listened to it and I want
to say and we have said it's a dang good
song it is a genuinely good song it's
that song but not a good video why not
it's because why is that bad is it bad
to have a naked body it is why okay
don't you have a naked body when you
take a bath
you can't show it off why not is it that
is your is your body bad though right
your body is beautiful but I will say
there are many parts of the videos that
are very good but there's just a couple
literally telling what you are we
talking about this too much I think
people probably so good okay shut up I'm
sorry well shut our mouths okay where's
my phone oh we gotta go to the grocery
store go to the grocery store you ever
say I just walked away I will always
want you love the part where she's
acoustic
always want you to
it's Saturday night and what do you do
on a Saturday night you go grocery
shopping that's what you do when you're
married with four kids you don't party
don't go out to clubs she won't go dance
and you go out you go buy groceries on
the weekend but we followed the very
number one rule when grocery shopping
you're on the number one rule we're
going grocery shopping ah what do they
always say if you're trying to lose
weight not buy crappy food eat before
you go never go to the grocery store
hungry number-one rule I'm sure you've
all heard it never and I repeat never
feed the gremlins after midnight no
knowing that's difficult never go to the
grocery store hungry if you go to the
grocery store how many back I want that
I want that and I want seven of these
and it usually has to do with scissor
yeah you're gonna solve car we just went
out to eat we're stuffed now we're gonna
buy everything healthy in this entire
store you know that rule did you know
that it's the number-one rule of grocery
shopping you didn't know that never go
to the grocery store hungry is what we
do if you go to grocery store hungry
what will you do I would get a bunch of
candy well you'd do that probably sweets
probably Lars spaghetti what's going on
over here we have some beautiful over
here Batman is beating up that little
girl while she's trying to grab the
candy are you stopping her saltwater
taffy she has her parade fix oh we have
a third we have a second helper she's
like a zombie with brains the saltwater
taffy she have to tear her away she'll
just attack them and start ripping the
bag open and eating the brains out of
that saltwater taffy these are
sugar-free diet Hansen's premium sodas
sugar-free soda let me see what kind is
that what flavor though mmm say the
flavor ha zero calories
sugar-free that means a pro tastes like
crap let's get ginger ale want to try
ACK yeah and the boogie
these apples that is huge
they're a Honeycrisp - so we're getting
them oh yeah that's like a mail right
there yeah it is did you mind if I
juggle them if you don't grab my drop
one I'll buy it and eat it right now but
I never drop said that I know I'm like
sorry I'm gonna teach you how to do this
okay oh no we got a battery without
battery low battery phone oh yes stand
drop we're getting all three of these
they're looking pleasant kiss tomorrow
yeah okay oh gosh I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry dude dude I've never seen this
this is celery root which I think
literally means this is the root of the
celery stalk I guess it's really good
for you Colette's as you put it in soups
you just like eat that if like there's a
ton of nutrients in there that's like
dirt oh you shouldn't be touching that
dude that's something to be somebody's
food and we should buy that now get it
headed you touch it you buy it you can't
get your grubby little hands all over
somebody else's mushrooms
is that cool it's like really soft cool
comet textures that's awesome look at
this i stoled Colette's ring we bought
this in Florida at the mall when I had
to go buy a suit for Charles and Ally's
wedding I saw this for Colette oh my
Connie get that it's really cool yeah
grab two of those you guys this is what
we get we don't drink milk anymore hoard
almond milk family well sorry I'm
running out of stories okay we made a
video every day for five years you're
good vegetarian out of stories sorry if
I tell you guys things over and over
again I'm a loser you know what's crazy
is I am actually in Boston Massachusetts
right now right now as you're watching
this I'm with Charles and Allie at the
hospital Charles of you guys I am I'm
leaving on Sunday just doesn't seem like
that way because I'm at the grocery
store in California with you right now
but by the time people are watching this
on the internet I will be in Boston with
Charles and Allie you know Charles is
heaven oh my goodness are they gonna
yell at me for vlogging what's up buddy
maybe like his nose
we are cool clogging religion since you
first started no way dude that's awesome
how what's your name Rob Rob I'm having
Rob tiger 8:40 but tiger 8:40 go tell
Rob he's a cool dude
cool man nice to meet you nice to meet
you too dude are you happy yeah no sugar
no sugar at it no sugar addict centaur
just hit the jackpot on the free ship
sugarfree gummy bears sugar free
saltwater taffy he's excited sugarfree
gummy bears I think we should get one of
those dude it's turquoise okay they are
pretty good actually - we've had them
before
unload those groceries kids look at them
put him to work
nice you guys haven't heard Charles is
having a second brain surgery to get the
rest of the tumor out of his head he's
had a couple of seizures and the doctors
in Boston said that there's one last
little piece inside of his head still
apparently when they do the surgery this
time he has to stay awake because they
don't want to mess up his brain so as
they're like picking around at the tumor
they have to like ask him to like move
his arm and make sure he doesn't lose
any of his motor skills while they're
picking up the tumor so I decided to go
to Boston just to be there and you know
just try to take his mind off of it and
just I don't know support him because I
love him he's my friend it's my brother
I love you Charles I'm there with you
right now we're confident and the
doctors that he has doing the surgery
are the best in the world
babe are these good few these sugarfree
gummy bears they are just as good as
regular gummy bears if not better it
says it contains phenylalanine what's
that I don't like
melty lleol gelatin lactic acid citric
acid on acid coconut oil
Karuna bow wax citric acids and they're
very good I guess what do you guys think
who's done research on the sugarfree
gummy bears are they better for you than
regular gummy bears maybe they're not
like healthy for you but are they better
for you than actual real gummy bears
because they taste good
raise but it just depends there
seriously delicious does have red 40 in
it that bad for you I'm always freaked
out about citric acid and red forty why
why was she racist against red 14
because they're like known to be
cancerous oh great now you're eating
cancer good job
no sugar substitute for cancer well you
also have those things in so everything
gives you cancer these days you can't do
anything without getting cancer anymore
I'm gonna be upstairs getting cancer
somebody's not sleepy is you killing one
play fetch why I want to see the new
trick I taught Zeke because I'm such a
good doggie daddy you want to play the
trick after you're done murdering the
girls stuffed animal you ready for this
watch this
sit sit Zeke sit sit or lay down your
choice okay ready
stay stay stay stay don't get it go get
it go get it good boy there's a good boy
there's my puppy as a good boy okay said
Zeke Zeke sit stay looking group stay no
Zeke get back here no come back here
come here lie down lie down lie down
down
stay stay you already get it
Queen go get it quit it go get it still
there that's it over there go get it
there you go good boy good puppy yeah
yeah go boy isn't it good I just thought
in that well the kids were in bed
wanna like place spin the tail on the
pregnant belly
seriously we can put in the Dell donkey
thing on your belly and spinner let's
watch a movie or something wanted I will
I'm not guaranteeing I'll say wait I
fell asleep sick
all right what if I give you some of my
sugarfree gummy bears then what would
you do I don't all right
but thanks for there you're watching
movie all right I love you guys like
asshole say tomorrow like evil oh yeah
don't hurt me
okay here's the situation I am exhausted
I took the red-eye from LAX left at
midnight and landed here in Boston at
what time is it I think it's like 1:00
o'clock I'm in the lobby of my hotel
waiting to check in I can't check in
till 3:00 so I'm sitting on the couch
editing the vlog I'm gonna upload it and
then I'm gonna go head over to the
hospital and be with Charles and Ally
while he gets his MRI I don't know if
I'm gonna have time to do a meet up
while I'm here guys it's kind of more of
a deal with my friend you know trip than
to meet you with you guys if there's a
chance to do it I'll tweet so if you're
in the Boston area follow me on Twitter
and I will let you know but most likely
I'm just gonna be trying to spend time
with Charles and Ally a couple days that
I have to be here I love you guys thank
you so much for being a part of our life
and watching these videos and being part
of this journey be sure to thumbs up and
just freakin smile you're freakin
smilers off you smiley heads see you
tomorrow
