alright let's just turn on the camera
and see what happens I don't know what
we're gonna be afford to pay today these
things are planned out what don't me
turn it on you mean yeah you want to
turn it on
no those right here it goes right there
you plug it right there you plug it
right there ya plug that in good okay
now you got to find the on button and
then you can jam out look there's the
power button did you ask your sister if
you could play this I don't think you
did I think you just busted in here oh
there's the music you found the music my
little friend beautiful I'm gonna play
the song alright I'll leave you to your
own devices hey listen listen to Daddy I
love you love you I love you I love you
puppy
I love you puppy we'll go get it go get
it go get it so usually when I get home
from church on Sunday I'm like everybody
let's do one take Sunday because I want
to hurry and get it up so that I can
relax and watch football who's watching
the Manning brothers play today who
you're rooting for
I want Payton fan either he likes good
they're both good I just love that two
brothers aren't head quarterbacks per
team's so I'm going for the Broncos
today I have to cuz my sister would cut
my head off if I didn't what are you
doing
this is the CD that we kissed you for
the first time remember that remember
that
have we ever told that story you ever
tell you guys it's not the first time we
kissed
that's how I got her to marry me aye sir
I was we were kind of dating she had a
boyfriend who was a missionary a Mormon
missionary who was out on his mission
and she was waiting for him to come home
and we ever told this story on the
podcast
dude it's a long story
should we tell that story the first time
chickens me I was like oh my gosh you
are the man
did you hear that what she knew I was
the one right what she kissed me tell us
more about it about my lips and like
just the overall pass anova if style I
did it forever because you're a prude
wouldn't put out just trying to get a
little action and she wouldn't give me
any freaking a man this hot chick I'm
trying to get a little lovin girl I
would say no if you want a man that's
worth it
wait how long it was it was more than a
month before we kissed we there was I
think it's almost three months because
right and we started dating in September
the first two and a half months we dated
stop bullcrap how many of you have dated
somebody for two and a half months
before you kissed um hey you sure wait
it dude I wanted that I wanted that
booty no we didn't have sex till we're
married she wouldn't give me any of that
either
we have great sex now that let's talk
about the first time we had sex
sorry I am sorry I'm inappropriate
there's children
hey baby turn remember the time we made
you anyways okay so we dated for two and
a half months and then we finally kiss I
think I'm sorry I'm sorry I apologize if
you are here right now you would smell
the illustrious smell of fresh cooking
towel Wow it's roast never ever made a
roast we have the crock-pot rockin here
and that we are at church for three
hours it's a slow roast and as you
walked into the house it was like oh I
guess you walk in the house the whole
house is just smelled with like you guys
you guys want me to try it for you
vicariously I will eat this for you in
and for your behalf this delicious roast
if you're vegetarian I am sorry you were
about to eat some roast via my lips the
same lips that kissed mommy time for the
first time yeah I remember because
Colette afterwards I could tell there
was something definitely different in
her attitude towards me because they'll
say that that spiritual thing cuz at
that point I knew you well enough to
know who you were and like I just felt
the love connection
I felt the love home girl yeah it was
interesting because we like I said I've
been dating for two and a half months
right right and she was always just kind
of a little hard to get you know like I
would always be asking her out we would
go on dates we'd do stuff all the time
she'd come over to my house I'd go over
to her house we were definitely together
she did have this like missionary who
has you say
I wasn't like either way from the TV
side like Dan other people and I have
been dating other people - they dated in
high school just sort of gotten out of a
relationship that wasn't good for me she
was dating the quarterback at the local
football team for the college that we're
going to he's a great guy that was
always intimidating for me because she
had just as I was starting to date her
she was just breaking up with the
quarterback of the college football team
she's the high school homecoming queen
she's dating the quarterback of the
college football team and little old
Shea comes in little oompa-loompas Shea
comes in and never mind yeah if he's
watching us Helena her ex her
ex-boyfriend called me an oompa-loompa
once because he's really tall and
handsome and I'm short and chubby so can
I get a balloon father I knew Carlos way
better than an oompa loompa you ever
notice that all of us do horrible
cartwheels here come here
don't film me this is what a Koopa loop
a cartwheel looks like back me up Willy
Wonka fans here's your new blue Picardo
oh they're going to move I'm going to
pull them apart well it's legs up in the
air Oompa Loompas if you're running from
snark watts and hogs wankers you got it
all do a cartwheel
that was obviously a cartwheel at some
yeah that's your leftovers you can eat
them these are the corn dogs yeah
so we kissed she fell in love with me
we got married the rest is history
when we're having baby number five less
than a month and a half away and I want
to ask your opinion sincerely give me
some good targeting's here's my kind of
stipulations I like two syllables that
mesh well with the turn name or one
syllable
oh you're like father really like the
rock card it's just like rock turn so
easy sometimes I like baby monster turn
so I woke up this morning at 8 a.m.
because I had to go to a medium before
church started and Colette was already
awake Thank You of tartness so not only
do we have to come up with like a real
name whoever think of an ATAR name we
have double the parenting duties so she
came up with a name that I think I like
she is not a fan of tater tart
I like tater tart a lot of people when I
was in Seattle what was that conference
home
fitting but ya know video is Australia
vlogger fair when I was in Australia
Seattle a lot of people are saying how
about tater Targa's you live in Idaho
potatoes tater tart
not a fan well she's baby tard nobody
puts Baby in a corner
baby tired you need to learn how to say
that look at zekiel and say nobody puts
Baby in a corner
say it deliver your lunch do a sassy
he's gonna eat your fries look at him
boom some of these no okay so tell him
the idea that you had and I like it okay
so this baby is super active you guys
know his film but he's constantly joking
and he will kick so hard that I'll be
like like I never remember doing that
with the other kids but he will actually
make me jump and so I thought of tiger
card well tiger I will get you a little
tiger or
so we think Tiger tired you like
art come here rock face I'll get you I'm
gonna get you the tiger what are you
doing in here don't you making your bed
you're such a good boy
hey I got a say son tardive come in
there on mornings when you guys have
went to school and your bed is made I'm
very proud of you I gotta say as a
fourth grader I never made my bed oh I
kind of agree as a kid I'd be like I'm
just gonna mess it up again hey do you
like tag retard for the card game do you
like that name Tigers hard what do you
think do you again first Niners Taylor T
Taylor Tiger Tigers Taylor Taylor's
Tiger ah
so unless we think of something
different we're not a fan of Tiger tard
in here if you guys like Tiger Tiger
tard raise your hand if you like Tiger
Tiger circumcised no don't don't spray
alright someone takes Sunday I love you
guys I actually am getting on an
airplane at midnight tonight to go to
Boston Massachusetts to be with my
friend Charles Trippy who is having
brain surgery we talked about it a
little bit our prayers are with Charles
and Hallie and all the trippy family so
keep trials in your thoughts subscribe
to their channel you guys he's so close
to a million subscribers come on Kent
the internet rally together and get our
buddy Charles Trippy to a million
subscribers he's having brain surgery on
Tuesday
17 oh wait yeah he has to be awake while
they're like picked like trying to get
the tumor and they have to like ask him
to do things he said that he asked the
doctor if he could vlog so he might vlog
the inside of his brain which pisses me
off because that's one up on me in the
blogging world first he has to get the
Guinness world record for longest
walking and then he's gonna vlog inside
of his brain I suck compared to Charles
hey guys here's my brain check it out
jealous no I'm not jealous we written
roast and it's delicious by Lanny
okay everyone take Sunday we love you
pray for Charles keep them in your
thoughts I'm headed to Boston at
midnight I'm taking the red-eye to get
to Boston so I can be with them tomorrow
and I'll let you know I love you day
update your there from there say bye
see you guys love you subscribe thumbs
up kiss us smile and love Taylor Swift
