hi I'm login here okay we are here at
maker studios doing a photo shoot a
secret or anything secret we're doing
we're taking pictures it's top secret
don't tell anybody
oh who dad that's blows air how you
doing I hope you as good as I okay is
out of my center right so I'll just blow
the is you okay yes because I want to
know because I wanted to know look at
close about oh look at that baby in the
background when are you gonna have one
of those blows out can I just have one
of those you got I'll give you one
they're already cute already out memory
right I've already like potty-trained
them I'm just saying they're already I'm
gonna do door number five yeah I do
number five oh you're so cute work it
girl work it we're doing closed box and
sassy love it alright fall in love with
the camera pretended sure has your
husband show up that bump don't be
ashamed you love that baby people well
that's a baby train right there it did
my big baby boy any kind of cookies I
ran so we're at maker today we're doing
a photo shoot so he's not in it yet
otherwise she would not be wearing that
out I'll just leave you to destroy the
green room we're gonna go take some
pictures cool you cool sure cool so we
have a few photo shoots me in my belly
belly oh he's so funny because he'll
sometimes for Mama I'm baby I'm a beefy
and I go yes you're my baby boy and then
sometimes like I'm a big boy
sounds like he's transitioning pretty
soon he's gonna realize she's big boy
but she'll always be my baby
Oh yep that's kind of weird sorry oh
yeah it's getting very seductive in here
it's music pop it off bro pop it off
throw the shoulder then throw it on the
ground see rock hard that's how you be a
man where are we what's going on John
freaking on set doing behind the scenes
for none other than mr. G of the ribose
where his favorite shirt smile for the
camera look pretty act like you're
having a good time yeah this is Dan we
hi JT camera
what are you blocking my vloggers no
you're not we're about what were they
saying I had to go do my hair we were
gonna do something really special with
Hydra that can't go do my hair yeah
birthday message yeah we're gonna do my
new child he's coming soon rocked are
you excited for the new baby where's the
baby babe right here your baby yeah baby
kicking fill out your hand on this meet
I'll go cast my dad here he's got a baby
it's a cute picture take that picture
though mommy's belly oh this is happy
family all right now it's time for some
child labor because you know it's my
favorite type of labor
it's the freest and it's the child
assist you better have that entire floor
mopped by midnight you're gonna turn
back into a pumpkin you mopping the
floor buddy looking good Rock tart and
daddy tartar mopping the floor because
we have furniture coming today and mommy
said that the floor has to be clean
before the furniture gets put down so me
and Rach have strict instructions to MA
this entire floor he's doing most of the
work looking good dude you're doing a
great job yeah something about manual
labor it really builds the soul I was
just telling Colette but I miss manual
labor that's what I used to do for a
living I worked with my hands I built
things I built granite countertops and
install them there's just something
about like seeing the finished project
like I enjoy uploading videos and like
reading the comments there's something
very fulfilling about that but being
able to like step back and look at a
kitchen that you just totally renovated
no with your bare hands there's
something very satisfying about that
something about manual labor that just
makes you feel good in your soul like
you can look back and see a job well
done and know that you've worked hard
the sweat of your brow keep mopping
bro-heem but can good alright guys
no more vlogging have to get back to
work Rock Tarts meal he's gonna tell my
boss I wasn't hoping all right let's get
mopping good luck full-size you got any
big strokes okay get all four all the
tracks ever
case see I can see some water see how
there's water and try the craft use it
scrub out those cracks yeah get all the
water out of those cracks oh dude look
at those rocks those slate rocks are
shining like the top of the Chrysler
Building what do you think man looks
good huh give me five
good job we did a damn good job now I'm
we can put the furniture down there we
went and bought furniture the other
night and clutter is super excited to
get it delivered today how look nice man
how does a nice floor that's made of a
slate don't slip oh it's slipper leave
as you like to say
don't you fall on your noggin and crack
it open little guy
be careful that's fun to run around on
huh don't fall down all right you have
to get stitches it's slippery girl early
you be nice skater I have to go have
always e that's granite that's slippery
yes I know it does he okay give me five
you're tough little guy you fell right
on your knees
that hurts my knees dad you guys clean
it up in here about Tanja scumbags
all right well with furniture to get
here now yes oh I start just ask me a
question what is your Aspen sister I ask
could I see the new Miley Cyrus video I
realize that we've now sparked some
curiosity yes we have so I mean I can
tell you what happens in the video why
you want to say Thea curious what are
you curious about the princess heart is
the type of personality that when you
tell her not to do something sick wait
but why like she has to know everything
some kids will be like okay cool but
some kids
like wait I don't know more what's the
catch mm-hm
so I don't know what do you think I
don't know ma'am
I just don't wait to grow up princess
card how are you
eight there are some things there's a
thing I love the saying that they say in
Spider Man with great power comes great
responsibility it's sort of the same
thing with knowledge with great
knowledge comes great responsibility and
the thing about seeing things like
movies and videos is once you watch them
you cannot get them out of your brain
you can't unwatched them mom and dad
don't really want you to see it because
it's not appropriate for a young mind
like yours and it might cause problems
but it might also make you think oh I
don't want to be that way
so what do you think Dad I don't think
we should show it to her
at the same time though at the same time
I kind of feel like it's like is she are
you going to eventually go watch it on
your yeah do you think like when you're
at school princess hard that you'll like
ask your friends or do you think you'll
just listen to us and not watch it if we
tell you not to watch it and we tell you
that we don't think it's good for you to
watch will you not watch it or we go
behind our back and try to watch it like
with one of your friends iPhones or
something you wouldn't what if somebody
at school what's up my friends are you
having fun what if somebody at school is
like oh do you see this new Miley Cyrus
video check it out would you watch it or
do you be like no I can't watch it my
mom dad said I can't say yeah if you
want me to yeah I won't why I don't know
say they were really trying to look out
for you we're not trying to like put
restrictions on you because we don't
think that you're mature enough or
whatever honestly it's just the hammer
part I don't want her to see I don't
care about seeing Miley Cyrus naked she
goes here totally naked you see her back
but it's just like it's provocative it's
sexual she acts sexual and I think
you're too young to see somebody acting
like that right why are we vlogging this
no you're getting nervous now I don't
know I just I just know all the
criticism
the comments that people say that's it
or no shouldn't let her sit here's the
thing you have to choose for yourself
we're not going to tell you whether we
let princess turn watch it but we think
for sure that you should have these
conversations with your children and be
open open I don't know if you're old
enough yet we'll talk about them a
little bit more and if I see you dancing
like that I'll smack you upside the head
that's for sure that's for dang sure
ain't watching it again I mean unless I
can is it okay can i watch that's it Oh
Oh Stefan yeah I gotta get out of here
I'm editing the vlog Shaniqua are you
are you gonna edit the vlog Shaniqua
I don't edit other things from Liz I I
know guys love and hook you up with
really yeah he's good super cute
I guarantee that if I were to show it to
you then you wouldn't and it's the type
of thing that you might not feel good
about like if you see it you might feel
like oh I kind of wish I didn't see that
because there's a lot of things in life
that I've seen like movies and videos
that I'm like you know what I don't
really want that in my brain and I don't
really like it but I can't get it out
now so once you see it you can't get it
out and that's why I want you to wait to
see something like that furnitures here
what do you guys think I went with the
blue rug well Colet dead I told her
she'd get whatever color she wanted I
didn't care well we got our thingy and
another thingy that does that and then
look at that see oh look check it out
sweet huh yeah awesome kay Thea are they
are they okay so we're back at maker
studios we had to bring the whole family
down for pictures the kids were at
school and now the girls are getting
their makeup did what do you think can
you use to this get your makeup done by
a handsome bearded man
yeah I'm fun I'd only do their makeup on
Wednesdays today's a Friday I guess you
have to do it let me see
you like it have you gotten yours done
yet looking beautiful look at this guy I
think the most handsome award goes to
this young
man yes it does you want some makeup -
this is a no - get off gets better be
funny say good stuff ok ok
and we're you sound
she's from
and what do you like to do
and then I got the steak in Malibu
Chicken at sizzler because I'm a baller
my boss baller who plays it like yeah
what son thanks for watching today's
vlog you guys have a great weekend it's
the weekend enjoy yourselves ultimately
we decided that the music video that
Miley Cyrus uploaded is a little too
heavy for princess hard to watch at this
time it's not the nudity's bad we all
have bodies and they're all naked
underneath these clothes I'm not afraid
of the nudity it's the overt sexuality
that Miley Cyrus portrays in that video
and I think that that kind of thing is a
little too heavy for Princess hard to
carry around right now don't be in such
a rush to grow up I promise you will
grow up you will get older and all those
things that you wish you could have had
cuz you're a kid will come and I just
want my daughter to be a little girl a
little bit longer we love you guys we
appreciate you watching our videos and
being here as we figure out this little
thing called life check out yesterday's
vlog click on that feeling lucky button
and see what we're doing all those years
ago today thanks for being part of our
family subscribe if you haven't thumbs
up this video and go ahead and smile
it's free
