good morning spider-man are you ready to
be spider-man and go across the monkey
bars like a spider is not a monkey yeah
it's kind of slimy that's going to be
another glorious day today today I have
a shoot for the moms view well we have
our live show and then we're shooting
for next week's slide and Rob shard is
wearing green shorts again we have a
pair of those green shorts and they got
too small for him and then Cooper gave
him his so now I get to have those green
shorts or his favorite shorts ever so
I'm excited for today's episode of moms
field wives because Britain alls gonna
be on we're both preggers since she's
doing no bamba' and I'm doing October so
it's exciting you get to hang out
together on the mom to you today what
are you going to do today to make today
a great day that's right keep a smile on
those cheeky cheeks all day long what Oh
baby's very same family Ellie so here we
are we at the MV live getting ready to
shoot we're just taking some pictures
for our social media in the dressing
room
we've got Britney on the show today I'm
so excited this is all so great she is
their social media girl for the monsoon
so whenever you guys see a tweet from
the moms here this hurt why are you guys
laughing up or in order to happen right
this want you all to know how I love her
shoes
your so you have to do it outside oh
yeah that's all you need oh you guys I
don't want to make you all jealous
disgusting watching mommy Taran the
mom's view in my truck on my mobile
device this is crazy
I'm watching the live show right now on
the moms view in the truck on my phone
technology rocked hard snapping dude
your mom's not boring wake up so it's
Kalei colette and britain all of the
naive knowles and sure Zod who is the
host of the moms view their on live
right now if you missed the live show
you can actually go and rewatch it just
go to youtube.com slash the moms view
the moms do yeah check it out
that angel was right here she'll be back
and she was just cracking us up so
hopefully we can go without cracking up
too much that's the camera that we look
into we love you angel I have to tell
you che just loves you he thinks you're
hilarious
the one piece of advice she always gives
me whenever I'm leaving the house to go
film is honey just be yourself and be
funny and in my mind I'm like but I'm
not funny one excuse me what is going on
right here well it's pretty funny when
you're coming out the other side of the
pole and doing a different face every
time I was laughing it was cracking me
up you're pretty funny you must be your
father's daughter
yes you are oh there's another one of my
father's daughters the father of your
father start what is that can I have a
bite pay your dad tax on the pilot
cheesesteak thank you thank you love
young man I like cheese Dex
they're cheesy I'm on a date right now
with mr. G or at the warehouse
yesterday I was building the end slate
for the four years ago video and it was
me Kassem what are they Derek Nicky and
baby tart at Ralph's getting stuff to go
to a barbecue at Philly fees house I'm
like good memories we're going to get
some food oh let's trying to ask my help
for her to send a tweet you Cortney
pants I said company your own tweet
loser
we never tweet in bed I mean vlog in bed
that's probably I just realized that I
know did you get any footage today no
serious good did you blog on the moms
view yeah nobody likes to see that kind
of food they don't care about maker
studios they want to see our kids I went
to dinner with castle yeah yeah slam
footage sore in bed or tweeting I just
watched the Gregory Brothers version of
Miley Cyrus's not naked right dude that
would have been good of it like naked
buying their guitars no that would have
been so funny Gregory Brothers you
messed up think of to go funny I'd have
been like what's they had like their
little ukulele in front of his in front
of his wrecking balls wrecking balls the
Gregory Brothers did a cover to Miley
Cyrus's new song wrecking ball which has
all the controversy of the naked storm
that it is I was thinking whatever you
want to say about Miley Cyrus and her
crazy actions I think about this it is
that's the big thing that amazingly
that's the dinner however she's making
it can't show the kids the music video
you won't show at home I know they'll
see it eventually I'm sure they will
can't hurt you can't keep kids from
these things
they'll find it eventually because the
second you say no you can't they want to
find anything want to see it what can't
I do
if you said yeah you can do that I got
wanna know but if you like no like what
why why can't they do it I want to do it
um I was thinking though when I saw this
video of her I did I watched the Miley
Cyrus wrecking ball video one time cuz I
just like you know I guess I shouldn't
have married yeah but I was thinking to
myself I'm like I am mad I wonder I mean
think about like I don't want to explain
this like people in the past like maybe
our parents our grandparents it's like
one of these days these people are just
gonna be naked in the video on the court
I'm so sorry court I'm tracking control
him that's good I'm sending it I tweeted
it so I was uh
we watched the Gregory Brothers cover of
Miley Cyrus's new song which is I have
to say that it is a good song it really
is a good song I really like it Colette
likes it and so um I saw Ryan Seacrest
tweeted the Gregory Brothers video today
that's where I saw it on Facebook
I think kiss-fm put it on their Facebook
we're good friends with the Gregory
Brothers we made a little video with
them with that's never come out yet huh
anyways so call me Court you guys know
Courtney pants put a picture Shane the
very first time I saw and the only time
I saw that Miley Cyrus video wrecking
ball I thought that's Courtney pant it
looks just like her I thought it looks
exactly like her you know as soon as she
cut her hair and then I saw my wife
she's like oh my gosh she looks exactly
like her that's her so ugly then I
decided to tweet Courtney pants and I
said Courtney pants has anybody said
that you look exactly like Miley in the
new wrecking ball video if anybody is
doing a parody you should and then
collects like what is the naked yeah I
say well you don't to see her naked or
something so then I tweeted her I said
wait
just to clarify that wasn't some kind of
weird way of trying to see you naked and
then Colette just tweeted her and said
I'm sorry Courtney I'm trying to control
her
anyways what are your thoughts in the
new Miley Cyrus video somebody also
tweeted recently I saw was it it was it
said it seems oh who was it
dang it seems the less you wear in
public the more publicity you get right
it's like the less you wear the more
people talk about you yeah but think
about this like the level of what we
accept in our society of like what's
like on the edge of being acceptable
with this new music video of Miley Cyrus
being totally naked
it's just lowered a little bit like is
there ever a point where we're gonna be
like okay that's enough you can't do
that in the public eye like see now
thinking like well in a music video in
the future people just gonna be having
sex in the music video if you like come
on say it's not gonna be the one yeah I
don't even want to say his room totally
naked except for like a little boy's
room
I don't want to say what video because I
know people will go search it like what
what there's a naked video but there is
an artist that has and some of you
probably know who I'm talking about
knocking don't say his name or the song
there's a there's a song where the music
video the chicks are totally topless and
you see everything I was like I felt
betrayed there's a new tune I watched it
because I was listening to the song on
the radio in my truck and like this is a
catchy song I like this song and I
thought I'm gonna go watch the music
video to this song I came home I turned
it on I was doing with lifting weights
and I was like is that chick she is
she's totally topless I'm like Colette
get up here little look and she's like
is this one YouTube I'm like yes it's on
YouTube totally topless you see
everything you see their butts I was
like how can they do that
I felt betrayed by YouTube honestly I'm
like I thought YouTube was like a safe
place that like you don't see that stuff
but I'm scared man like the level of
things that we accept is like it's just
raining down and down and down lower and
lower and lower I know what to do are we
getting all through yes
system age I feel like we're starting to
become a minority like religious people
who want to you know what I mean like
yeah I feel like that is becoming a
minority like we are the people that
like are fighting for that are becoming
less and less and I guess that makes us
old and prudish who would have thought
that I would have been prudish and I
guess I am
you know prude old grandma prude man I
think there's got to be a point
eventually where we say okay enough is
enough
yeah bless Miley Cyrus's heart she's a
great singer but I don't know what why
do you think that is babe why can't we
just do whatever we want why can't we
just wear whatever we want why can't we
just do whatever feels good
why do we have to be told by other
people that we can't do things explain
that to me in the comments can we can we
just say like even yesterday's vlog when
I was talking about swearing people are
like defending cussing like I should be
able to swear like at what point is it
should you say like you can't say
whatever you want wear whatever you want
do whatever you want just do whatever
feels good lean as well yeah but you
can't control the consequences that come
is that the new way that's what I want
to know is that the new path that we're
on doesn't matter what you say it
doesn't matter what you wear you can do
anything that feels good you can do
anything that you desire that your body
craves is that we're gonna allow like
not legal I mean legal but just like
that's everybody's mentality now it's
like eat drink and be merry man I don't
know it scares me it's like you can
swear you can drink you can watch porn
you can wear whatever you want it's like
are there no limits it really scares me
honestly I feel nervous so busy so
nervous EQ well from the old prudes in
bed
see you tomorrow
yeah I'm not Sam I judging nobody I'm
not perfect I screw up all the time but
I'm just I'm just thinking out loud and
I should be able to do that cuz these
are my videos and right vlogs and these
are videos about my life and I can say
what I want to say on my videos and if
you don't like him then unsubscribe if
you go down I might get naked on a
wrecking ball I have to do that I will
just to provide for this family but it's
a really good song I think I say but he
looks really good naked oh yeah we gotta
go guys it's time to make out now look
he invited himself on our bed do it I
was logging we have conflicts of
parenting this thing I was fucking kids
our parenting is like we got it we're
down team yeah that is very true you
know why it's because I miss Malachi and
I just think it's okay he's gonna die
one of these days and up to Shea and his
feet or my direction
pushing up I love you bro I am totally a
pushover when it comes to Zeke I let him
pretty much do whatever he wants
everybody bonded she wants to impose all
these rules on you huh you should be
able to do whatever you want man be
naked do drugs watch porn drink beer
what yeah do whatever you want yeah
that's cool it's fun why not
alright he's like oh my buck weirdo you
but he was looking like what are you
doing scratching my buck alright see you
guys tomorrow bye did you get the bed
already star
yelling at my puppy my puppy too and he
needs to be obedient I love him more
than you do
I love him but my love's a little bit
tougher click on yesterday's vlog if you
love love who doesn't love love print
our do you love love you can't shake
your head
they can't hear a knobhead no I hyper
head nog in the it nog I want some
eggnog click on yesterday's vlog I got
you know what to do do we need to even
do these in slate stuff does anybody let
some of these nocturnes crane prints
it's hard to say something
hi that's stupid okay bye love you guys
see you tomorrow
