picking the kids up from school cuz I'm
a good dad what did you do at school
there's new things for like everyone
sing no I noticed what Shane noticed
while he was editing you never really
look into the camera talk to these guys
sometimes these guys feel bad look at
them look at those faces say hi that's
weird why he's fine like a weirdo why'd
your brother over there on the ground in
the corner you feel sad you feel left
out did some bullies pick on you today
like you're picking on that booger don't
put in your mouth whatever you do but
don't be a bully to your boogers okay
that's the rule for today hey I have a
question for you a bully - your boogers
today don't be a bully on your boogers
and pick on them okay laughing school
camping trip a father and son camping
trips
now I'm picking on you now is it the
whole family goes no just you I don't go
like supervises this can't be trip no
parents go at all I don't know dude
there's got to be some parents
well I'm volunteering right now you
don't want me to go your friends might
come yeah okay I'm coming then it's
official no you can't come loser
you think they'll pick on your boogers
it's only for a 4th grader in February
there's a three-day campout for the 4th
graders that's pretty crazy they do that
in 4th grade for your school this is the
second one last year I think that's when
they start what are you saying about
running two laps or something oh yeah
well we have this new thing where
there's like this mini track
all the for kickball courts yeah like
give me one big square right we have to
try to month run as many laps as we can
and try to get up to 20 yeah how many do
you run eight that's not bad that's not
bad you don't have to do it all in one
day you look you like add them up and if
you get twenty like two chains like two
chains for 20 laps to charge what chain
where is that try not worry why not
Logan's gonna be disappointed you guys
don't climb the electrical fence okay
and you're gonna get electrocuted and
nobody likes to be electrocuted let's go
we're going home
come on children now tree climbing
detours we have a strict schedule to
keep young lady let's go you know jump
out of there okay jump on I'll catch you
with one hand can you do it one hand go
one two three
no here climb on top of the building
okay a slant hard I've been noticing in
the comments some of the peeps right
here they've been wanting a little
update on a what's her name
what's going on people want to know what
happened with the love note you what
what did you write it you don't remember
you need to have these all dated dude
you even have a timeline of your love
what'd she say was really sweet of her
or you she does
what'd she do with it are you guys
dating or what's going on just like
hanging out just being fourth graders do
you see her in school in class do you
flirt with her did you ever like smile
at her or say nice things to her either
like how pretend I'm her and I just
walked in hey son tard cause fourth
grade arithmetic going what would you
say
it's not like that it's good
oh come on dude let me get a feel of
what you're throwing down love wise here
like that yeah dude I would make me
wanna kiss ya those big ol cheeks come
here
alright let's go home
of course he won't laugh does a camera
the army I remember my sister doing that
to me she would touch me until I laughed
till I cried until I screams and it
wasn't hard as it seems to be enjoying
it though you're gonna work hard gonna
work hard I'm gonna get a card are you
going to work hard are you gonna work
hard baby tired crazy baby son tired
it's gonna go register for swim yeah we
did the tryout and he made it now we
just have to register and be honest um
I'm excited we're gonna have to go buy
you some of those tight swim pants are
you ready for that you'll be able to go
so much faster like Michael Phelps
everyone else is doing it back to see
something I never took fantastic so all
these turns are
I was judging Gnostics today yeah tell
me something super exciting that you did
without climbing over this railing
that's making me super nervous you went
on the beam like that be that big to
never hurt your toes what did you do in
the beam I shrunk
on there are you shrunk like a fairy
sign yeah are you telling lies are you
telling stretchers stretching the truth
a little bit I'm supposed to believe you
that you shrunk and you went on this
tiny beam that that was this size yeah
hmm challenge a bit fishy to me it's not
it's not real
you're so confusing maybe tarts doing
crazy faces to the baby
I found them someday that will make him
laugh she goes baby I'm gonna do a crazy
face to you please you're making me
laugh when you do that stick your tongue
out like that you look like a frog and
Java okay I've been told that we need to
get this on camera I'm not sure what's
happening right now
many changing phases of babies hurt and
watch out baby baby charge your crazy
boy good job okay you're like a monkey
child I just have entertained all the
time I'm the luckiest mom in the world I
have a lot of sugar they entertain me
you can do it good job obey but we're
gonna use these cheap plates for dinner
tonight
Jack my shirt too
there's no way I'm just gonna buy this
shirt to wear at once I put some
clothing through it well you are a true
Swifties might want to quit on McDermott
are you jealous you don't know Wendy's
jealous he's not a swifty more but
slippier than you are waste lifter than
you are
you know I
I know the funny thing is I think they
do too when I picked him up from school
yesterday I'm like come on so almost
like a beat you guys up and they're like
yeah I was just like I think she's
choking are you choking I would chase
that for them but I'm not that fast is
that my picture again it's my water I
drink it you have to buy me another
picture babe I'll buy anything you want
cuz I love you they're gonna fill it
with this right once you do huh all
right sundeck let me see your best move
I'm seriously gonna be impressed with
your skills here let's see it do that
one you just do that giant freaking kick
foot do that's huge
nice what's it called
Wow oh sweet
they went have a good camera angle I
can't even get it to pop up in the air
like that oh so I think the secret
detect Dex is no matter how your hand
lands you have to pretend that you meant
to do that
like as soon as your hand lands oh yeah
yep just that was totally in the plan
totally meant to land it like this so it
doesn't matter how you land it's like
yeah you see that
lupa t poopa t you set the table like a
good girl you're such a good helper oh
yeah thank you no I want this one
this is my cup I call oh that mom see is
that where I fit yeah I gotta get the
Mickey glass thanks for helping you're
such a good helper I love you are you
doing the swimming dude what are you
tech deck on the scriptures bro can't
tech deck the scriptures what'd you find
out tonight when do you start swimming
wednesdaya 40 surf swim nice you're
gonna get in good shape dude swimming is
tough you're gonna probably hate
swimming after that you know how you
love it right now just wait you're gonna
what's that story you're telling me
about the high school kids
oh snap what just happen there hold on
dude my attention just got diverted yes
high school kids what were they doing
were they be us behaving how so they
were pretty much all swing son of them
however they swam what's the F word no
I'm saying that word did they say over
and over and over again well sir like
not the same person but different kids
yeah he was like oh yeah
okay yeah dude that's how they're
talking they were talking weird and they
were talking like gangsters and stuff
that's how high school kids talk dude
you do I'm gonna effing dude if I don't
know I mean in other words lots of swear
words sometimes kids feel peer pressured
into swearing because everybody else is
swearing so they feel like they have to
swear to be cool pretty much the same at
my school too kids swear school in your
grade in 4th grade yeah what do they say
they say they say the SH word they say
she is damned in hell
Wow there's words right it doesn't make
you a good or bad or worse person but I
think that we can raise our level of
speech you know what I mean
like you can use those words but I feel
you can raise the level of your
vocabulary you know you can find other
descriptive words to use other than
those cuss words those are easy words to
use you're a reader dude think of other
words to describe the surroundings that
you are encountered with different
adjectives
no I'm saying raise your level of speech
bounce it out bro I even ask the kids
like what do you say please like you're
just watching us and they are there
that's true they are just words but
sometimes are offensive you know a lot
of people don't like hearing those words
and there's always better words so I
remember when I was in Sunday school
when I was a kid we had a Sunday teacher
who said he said you know damn in
hell they're not that bad they're just
worse but there's other words like the
f-word sometimes like I'll be like what
do you what I just cussed a little bit
but he said he made us memorize this
quote that I had in my head my whole
life and it's this the foolish and
wicked practice of profane cursing and
swearing is a vice so mean and low that
every person of sense and character
detest and despise it do you know who
that was by
George Washington the first president of
the United States even George Washington
the very first president of United
States didn't like cousin or Kherson so
think about that you want to be
President one day clean up your language
somebody's using the middle finger at
school crowd incident yesterday and so
he got mad because his lunchbox was
sitting on the table like cuz they are
da man to go play and so he came like
guys water bottle throws kind of like a
little Denton's lunchbox so I poured
water on it he's like we flipped him off
this kid in your grade and fourth
graders
do you ever cuss at school be honest I
promise I promise I won't be mad at you
have interest rap no ever have you ever
sworn no never
I don't know when I was a little kid you
watch the Titanic I think yeah
okay that the S word in it yeah I was
like oh the princess started coming down
okay I'll move sorry dude you set the
table okay looks like dinner's served
got salad enchiladas salsa and
everything delicious
hey I'm very proud of you dude you're a
good example to a lot of people good job
you notice my sniff t-shirt where'd your
slip t-shirt see I must love Taylor
Swift more than you watch your language
boys and girls remember you know if you
swear it doesn't make you a bad person
but we should all try to raise the level
of our speech because remember profanity
is the last refuge of the truly ignorant
when my favorite quotes also is be
careful of your words before they become
your thoughts be careful of your
thoughts because they become your
actions be careful of your actions for
they become your character and who you
become and are your character is your
destiny so just you know try to do a
little bit better let's all try to make
a focused effort to improve and increase
the level of speech that we all partake
of your son's a bit no joke
love you guys thanks for watching
today's video check out yesterday's vlog
click on that mystery button and if you
wanna see the shaders go to one two
three and four years ago today you know
what to do
smile thumbs up this video and keep on
truckin suckas see you tomorrow
