pretty pretty pretty pretty darn
precious what it is
Katie letting shaycarl got the cutest
kids and maybe up on YouTube making all
the Vince and if you don't know I'm
gonna tell you like this like this like
son's heart got all the girls on them
got um wondering how'd he get so
handsome
okay and baby's heart she got that baby
girl swag she can get a little crazy
just like her dad what a rockstar I see
you starting to walk hit that snaky leg
then he hit the driver prison start
where you whack girlfriend back
handspring it's a perfect 10 huh yeah
you know they PDF EP 2 years 10 and he's
on two three we're ready for a video so
let it be clear
hey he's Bloggie here good morning
friends it is a good morning today not
because it started out that way but
because we're going to choose to make it
that way
oh yeah right baby Todd today was one of
those morning's where I woke up it was
gloomy I'm still tired and I was like
all I wanted to do was lie in bed you
know those kind of days where it's like
I just skied I gotta stay in bed today
yeah that way I won't know
but today is one of the most packed days
of the week and maybe that's a mental
thing maybe that's why I feel this way
today is going to be a great day because
we're going to make it that way yeah
negative good regardless of how it may
have started and we are going to change
our attitude right now I'm going to
shoot my show and then later we have a
scout event tonight that's supposed to
be at the beach it doesn't look like it
is going to be a pleasant day at the
beach but we will make it a pleasant day
at the beach yeah it's just the Scout
party yep Beach yeah where we're gonna
eat hot dogs every time there's a party
with hot dogs then it's a good party
right I keep trying to back up so I can
see your outfit but you keep walking
towards DAP I want to be your outfit
that's so pretty
you're so fancy pretty today love it
okay it's gonna be a beautiful day
because I got blueberries and granola
that's yummy um wait I'm not talking
like a baby
I saw comment yesterday it said the
Shaytards logs are getting boring
because Shea's talking like a baby I'm
not a baby I'm a man big burly man
yeah it's blueberries wait show me again
you just pour yourself a drink with mom
I need a drink
so chakra time oh you got wet oh no you
spilled on yourself hey rock card what
do you want to say to people today here
oh hey down here guys where you going
huh alright you'll be right back okay
you'll be right back guys he makes me
laugh I don't know what it is but
everything
he does just makes me laugh and it's
probably not good cuz I just keep
laughing and he keeps thinking it's
funny even when he's not what are you
doing dude what okay
whatever she said okay okay doctor or
figuring out what's going on with me I'm
doing a baby oh can you hear the baby
yeah what's the baby saying oh baby oops
oh can you hear the baby going oh we
have a snoring baby oh man it's so cute
Oh Stan doctor a what I'm getting a shot
oh man okay well it hurt it will what
should I do okay
oh no doctor I don't know maybe you
should sterilize that first now okay
sure dude okay all right
that is verbal I don't think that goes
there ah ah
good job doctor am i fixed yet what's
that and in a pinch I'm going to pinch
the baby nope
it's a pinch Thanks that's it please
evil doctor huh and I picked it
what's next a band-aid oh that's a
band-aid
leave this up to well note this which
you push harder okay
okay sure see this that's a hot fish
mate
it's called a basement yeah okay which
kind of watch oh this is called the
garage yeah okay I love you doctor am i
fixed yet what's wrong with me
you don't know I'm all done
getting a thanks doc he's the best
doctor ever seriously what would I do
without him who needs to go to college
and get a doctorate degree when you got
rock charred huh what does that one do
doctor so I down these really cute kids
I'm hoping them let me take them home
can I keep you conscious oh well my my
senses tell me you've all been oh my
goodness you startled me bugger I was
cool
good with the yawn my school was really
eventful today people how was your day
today
yeah what do you do how was your day
what'd you do they did nothing they all
had a good day and they all did nothing
I realized with kids that when you ask
them how their day was at school you
have to come up with specific questions
like what did you eat for lunch um did
you talk about I don't know like some
open-ended question I need to think of
some better ones you guys haven't had
any I can ask my kids let me know let's
try to think of one what did you learn
about that had to do with numbers today
you counted what he says
seashells you counted seashells okay
we're getting somewhere see I learned
that she did something with seashells to
pick oh goodness
children I let them oh my goodness look
at that beautiful son and that cute
little kid ready here comes get it ha ha
yeah got it got it you got it
nice job kick it to Daddy kick it right
here Pele whoo nice you got it oh man
nothing like an evening down on the
beach to make you remember that you love
your life because I forgot earlier I was
like man like sucks then I came down
here like oh yeah I actually do like my
life this is radical I love you too
little man you have fun playing soccer
we're down here having a little campout
cookout with the scouts mommy tards over
there
mommy's the wolf pack leader is all
right leader up the fat man I miss
running down here every time I see
somebody running I feel jealous is that
weird yeah the Sun setting Hut is not
pretty do are you gonna Instagram some
of those pics that takes an Instagram
sunset pics bro-heem who knows what I'm
talking about those of you who started
running like just see somebody out
running and you feel jealous do you know
what I mean like I've never felt that
before till I started running I would
see people out running I wouldn't think
anything of it but now that I started
running when I see other people are
running I'm like ah I want to be doing
that but like you don't because it's
hard but you know when you like are
running how good it feels like
we hit that second wind and that song
comes on and it's just like a perfect
gorgeous sunset and you just feel those
like endorphins kick in it's like I love
my life and everything is perfect with
the world like you see people running
and you like get jealous of that like I
know how that feels but then it's like
it's always hard to like get into it and
start to do the run hey bro a quick
question is it a sugar day Oh busted
wins on Sunday we talked about that in
yesterday's vlog Sunday's a sugar day
today not a sugar day go put it back hey
I'm not joking
we're being serious about the sugar day
thing we're getting back on track I know
because of the holidays and stuff we got
off of it but we're doing it now I'm
serious I don't care go put it back you
don't need it put it back right now I've
been doing the mean daddy I'm doing the
mean daddy thing we're not doing sugar
during the week these kids have too many
cavities it's ridiculous we had a big
discussion about this only sugars on the
weekends I'm putting daddy's foot down
sighs Elevens right face sugar addicts
okay you want a sugar high I'll give you
your sugar high you ready hold on tight
that's a cool anger the hurt better with
your hands and your feet okay baby tar
film this you ready
that's how they do it
hi dad yeah I'm ready
good let me see their home other hand
you ready
have fun yeah
look at little mr. independent over here
eating this hot dog we got your food huh
what do you have chips got chips got
your watermelon it's an interesting way
to eat a hot dog grill
very interesting indeed the yummy I love
you don't goodbye
yeah as a goodbye delicious what's your
title your wolf pack your leader of the
pack so Wolf Den leader
yo the alpha male Wolf's for life I
think that stands are something else
welcome to jealous those dudes their
butts can I don't look at their buckets
trick oh man we're that guys sexy right
there look house glistening his way to
see the top of his buck back that's so
on oh sorry Wolf Pack den leader see me
look at that son I think I'm gonna take
an Instagram find me a kid I can throw
up in the air that makes every Instagram
better there's a plethora of them here
child should I throw around think
they're playing capture the flag Belushi
on Instagram he taught his children babe
give me some like poetry or something
we stand on the sand and sunlight of the
mornings dawn
dewy this good that's early they had to
make sense Don's doing this the Don
Stewie morning on it I don't know what a
nice alright we're putting alka-seltzer
hurry put the lid on put it on tight
come on tight here let me do it you have
it upside down here wait other way flip
it the other way around here you go Wow
I was high multi-tasking I love it I
love Venice Beach so remember kids it
doesn't matter what kind of day it is
you choose what kind of day you're
having even if you feel like crap just
wake up put your feet on the floor and
say physically say out loud today is
going to be a great day I'm in charge
smile
stand up straight deep breath and go get
em tiger I'm going back to bed check out
yesterday's vlog click on that feeling
lucky button and if you want to see what
the Shaytards are doing one two three
and four years ago today click on those
annotations and if you're on a mobile
device I will leave all those links in
the video description
oh go check out collette's new video
that's gonna be the feeling lucky button
she is gorgeous I'm not just saying that
go click on the video you'll see how hot
she is she reminds me of the princess
from the neverending story which is
ironic because I had a huge crush on
that chick when I was a kid I was like
man if I could grow up and marry the
chick the princess from the neverending
story I totally would guess what I did
she looks just like her hey I love you
come here I'm gonna show you my great
nothing Oh text yeah I wish my name was
bastian bastian please say my name
