hi I'm logging here hola senoritas I
just got on with a gymnasium um there's
not a lot of you that have been asking
about shaytember and I've wanted to do
it but we are in Idaho and blah blah
blah excuse excuse excuse what I really
need is somebody to help me do it
because I want to be like all inclusive
some of you remember last September we
did shaytember and it was when I was
training for the st. George marathon and
we it was like 30 days of all-out
intense weight loss physical training
getting the best shape of your life and
it was good there was a lot of us who
made huge gains that was like probably
the best shape I've ever been in I ran
that st. George marathon in 3 hours and
11 minutes
I missed the goal of qualifying for the
st. George marathon but 3 hours and 11
minutes for a marathon I don't care who
you are that's pretty dang good and I
was very proud of myself
not Munda I'm brushing my own shoulders
off with a brag shaycarl stupid so what
I think we're gonna do is I am actually
in talks with a friend of ours I'm not
gonna say who yet because I want to make
sure that it's all set in but I think
we're definitely absolutely positively
gonna do shei tober that's right you're
adding my name and October and what do
you get you get a physical fitness month
called shake Tober I'm talking recipes
I'm talking about motivational videos
I'm talking about practical exercise
videos training tips everything a full
inclusive month of us getting in the
best shape of our lives
re committing to our bodies and feeling
free and fresh and physically fit those
were four EPS fantastic
that's five whoo so I'm serious stay
tuned and enjoy your last month of
eating gorgeous gorg orderly that's fat
Baddeley court gorgeously Coeur
d'Alene's that doesn't make sense dang
it went off a double quadruple F to a
stupid thing dude we just got so lucky
we got the best bottom line at Costco in
the afternoon that never happens because
seriously we've been driving around this
parking lot trying to get a parking spot
forever allies so crowded that you have
to sit there with your blinker on ready
to get into a parking place as somebody
else
pulling out so I saw this guy who has
the best pot in the water
check it out he was packing up his car I
said that one's mine
that's the front door right there we got
it whoo okay obviously mom's really
thrilled about this and you're not I'll
just do my glory dance mama
yeah yeah yeah best spot in the block
Thank You ring so family you heard him
really we had two missions today one was
we're getting hot dogs for a scouting
event that we're having our first Lake
Scout kickoff we're disturbing a bunch
on time so I got like a hundred hot dogs
and then Shay's favorite salsa is from
Cosmo so we had to get you his favorite
salsa where did it go there didn't get
underneath it - this is Shay's favorite
salsa so we're going to be so wait
what's the word I'm looking for
she's gonna be so excited that I came to
him with his favorite salsa right what
are you doing what are you doing
you're pretending to chill ain't your
inner frakkin chicken that's a big bite
of mac and cheese don't spit it out
I got a crazy spider man somebody's news
item a show me your spider-man first
show me your spider-man hands you can't
tell me you're spider-man hand
it is that time of year where it's time
to get a new one just look at how short
it is on them time to get a new
Halloween costume but I'm glad this
you've lasted a year for you what they
gonna know spider-man try again there
you go
there you go super cool yeah
there goes your father okay you're
starting to look a little bit too much
like Miley Cyrus right now oh I just
said that I have nothing against Miley
Cyrus but our new movie is our new video
I was like oh okay where do we not know
that's all I have to say wait no no kids
it it's tough it's inappropriate Hey are
you excited to go to Jimmy's house if
not no it's not a sugar day yesterday I
got a bunch of them yesterday was Sunday
so sorry get your thumb out of your
mouth and get your smile on your face
and and your gymnastic bones
hey who's that ball racing dude see
racing somebody who's he racing
Lightning McQueen huh nope
he's racing himself Gotti tard you're
not competing against anybody but your
own personal best wash desk when can we
get it quit okay I'll go get it
Hey sundar what you'll get your
brand-new halfpipe and bring in here and
show us
I think son tard can be known from here
on out as mr. tech deck because he long
till the tech next eight Lords all right
let's see this thing dude bring it here
bring it here sponsored by the United
States Postal Service what's that tape
over it all right let's see she's
skating okay let's see some tricks a
halfpipe mix with a quarter pipe whoa
then you keep up with all those trips
nice bro yeah yeah y'all gotta go just
shut that all by yourself huh impressive
scissors United States Postal Service
it's only take we could find
ya cool dude gives it some style crazy
that bird
she's right in the middle of the
intersection Oh
don't die little bird I think his wings
are broken what do I do
oh I'm just drowning it across the road
can you guys just stop already
come on Road whoo don't hit the bird
boys on man huh oh he's still alive dude
you got to get off the road come on
little winged creature look at the way
he's holding his wings I think his wings
are broken he's so sad I wouldn't dare
pick it up though there he goes oh good
job good job little man you did it we're
a woman I guess I don't know that bird
was a matter of woman sorry bird if
you're a woman but in a fun dude anyways
so I just went to Babies R Us
because I'm trying to find like we don't
have anything I got rid of rocked our
crib got rid of the car see like I don't
have anything for infants and it's
almost time for the baby to get here so
I'm like oh you know I should probably
don't think about that kind of stuff I
was appalled at how expensive everything
was I'm like okay I'm not going to be
getting a crib at Babies R Us no offence
Babies R Us I have noticed that whenever
I shop online I can find better deals so
I'm just gonna go online and hopefully I
can find some good deals I'm like whoa
it's been a while since we had to buy
that stuff and it's kind of crazy out
there
so you guys have any tips let me know
cuz we got nothing for this baby we do
have some clothes we got some clothes
from people at VidCon and stuff so we
got some clothes least you won't be
totally nude I guess I just haven't
really
our time dropping a lot of money on
stuff like that because I know how fast
they grow up this might be my last baby
that I'm like I don't want to spend a
lot of money anyways that's my mommy
rant for you today hello it's like
surprise it baby stuff is expensive and
if you can find it used it is just as
good unless it's been broken or whatever
also save it because you never know how
many kids you're gonna have save it
before I got pregnant with this baby we
barely got rid of the crib that was rock
cards that had been son tard so we had
the same crib for all four kids and then
I got rid of it and it was still in good
condition I probably needed to order
some new parts for it but I could have
kept it oh well you'll even learn I read
it oh my god I'm reading your guys's
comments right now you guys are funny
look at your funny I like what do you
leave funny comments so they said a
stupid Frank five set thanks a lot Shay
now my mom is making me clean all the
walls because of your booger advice and
I said as a woody quit banter quit cut
that butter Isaac I said haha well at
least you don't have to brush your teeth
him now funny it's fun
Zig I'm vlogging go away nope you better
eat your boogers I like when you guys
leave funny comments you're fun to read
and fun to respond to what you don't
have a poseable thumb you can't leave
comments seriously a lot of good
comments on yesterday's vlog we're
talking about you guys know you remember
what you didn't see yesterday's vlog
watch it jerks
zekiel I love you well wrestle hmm I'll
kick your freaking butt dude yes I will
you got nothing on this listen do you
wanna wrestle wrestle you
not again
hello your red rocket woke it out I'm
not wrestling with you and your red
Rockets poking out you pervert fine I'll
just run around let's run around do what
I want
job you're scary well you're
intimidating you're a giant dog when you
jump up like that it scares people yes
it does you're huge your paws are like
the size of a baseball men well you
can't play first base or shortstop dude
you're a dog I mean you can fetch that's
it Oh does it remind you of a Lyndon
Charles Trippy makes Marlee talk I don't
know how to do those like captions on
the bottom because I'm not a very good
at or Shane my editors not very good
editor so I just have to do it with my
boys because I don't know how to that's
silly
I've been doing YouTube full-time for
five years and I don't have editing
software they can like put text on the
bottom it's not funny
oh oh I bet she fell so how much I know
about you have two girls are so fun
today
so excited to go to gymnastics on Friday
but didn't absolutely and then today
they did not want to go oh my boy just
to built Rankin and that was cool on
myself nickel core muscle strong a
little goof all right got one right yeah
and she's fine your pants all the way
over and look if I can check out like
that all right
helping my injuries
Oh what is that move definitely like her
dad you guys people clowns
you
how are they doing gymnastics is funny
he's still trying to do this
nope
I see them working
oh really
now you're gonna throw my melon oh
you're subject I'm sure you're going my
melon no almost are you melon yeah look
at you
so ugly I just got in a little Twitter
babe Twitter duel what was in gymnastics
with the girls and I uploaded the blog
with a good boy on Twitter and I saw the
Colette had tweeted the vlog which never
happens I've always liked what I tweet
it every time I asked you know some part
of me and collects fights as a married
couple on YouTube but can we please
tweet the boy everybody the vlog yet I
like I tweeted after I watch it cuz I
like what's in it first I can think of a
good tweet really so I yeah you tell
them fuck you tell them is you tweeted
the vlog today before I did yeah now
which I thought was the white I'm talkie
don't throw those oh don't know go I'm
gonna vote no you know if you was off
one of those listen me and long Jarvis
got a little Twitter debate I bet she's
a drastic smarter here I didn't see her
last no fish you got
and ammonium happening right now more
calcula three sets
Teddy your shoulders roh-roh
already okay yeah seriously see it hey
but who had the last word you did you
and then I proceeded to throw her melons
quite gentlemanly-like of course so if
you follow us on Twitter you saw the
little exchange we had yesterday and for
once
Colette got the best of me I didn't see
her last tweet and she got home
gymnastics she said you see my last
tweet I'm like no I didn't see it
because I was upload the vlog and then I
wouldn't watch looked at her tweet I was
like oh dang it you got me but in like
too much time it passed to like respond
to get her back because it's like
everybody's like oh she a mommy jar just
dominated you so if you don't follow us
on twitter follow us on twitter because
we get in fights on those social media
follow us on facebook Instagram Tumblr
Google+ all day in places love you guys
check out yesterday's vlog click on the
feeling lucky button you know the
routine see if the shade harder than one
two three and four years ago - yay
tomorrow I do see a gay bye
