fucking like your name shake
hi I'm blogging here what's this you're
telling me here Sonny Boy organizing
Kleenex it's all clean we said hat I
like that hat dude swaggity swiggity
swag why don't you take these gentlemen
and ladies these ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls people of all ages down
and to give them a little room to work
come on guys let's go check out my room
it's actually really clean organized
crime not dirty
I do watchin watch some case George okay
so here this snuck in and this mesquite
board right there dresser it's actually
all organized and then throw my socks
underwear go ties shirts slowly falls
off the track then got pants and then a
new shelf set in my book spin my closet
put them out here in this new shelf and
I hung that up and then over here that's
where my desk was gonna be right there
and then Superman yo what's up Superman
can you bounce oh yeah and that's ball
bucket ball sports stuff and then that's
like all the toys go oh there's my dirty
laundry basket and then under here
there's um some stuff that's my toy Ben
let's rock chart story toy bin and then
there's my backpack they're used for my
skateboarding pads and there's the
wrestling ring so used to the video
let's go over to my closet my closet and
it has on my hats organized and like
little toys and shoes and rock cards
hats and bins and stuff so yeah this is
really awesome you finally got this all
cleaned out it's not like the Bermuda
Triangle you
my house--for hope you guys have a great
day and all right it's a one take whoa
spider-man easy what's what spider-man
is attitude lately
this is off-duty you ever do that as a
kid like this for your first dude dogs
dude dogs listen up I this man right
here right freaking here pardon my
mother freaking language sorry um this
makes me feel happy M's Beauty xx bless
your soul so I plus in today's one take
Sunday and somebody commented which I we
see these comments a lot and it just
breaks my heart there is a user that
said I just found out that my parents
are getting divorced and you guys are
helping me through it love you all
that's such a hard thing I've never
experienced I remember when my mom and
dad fought all now the dads fight I
remember some doozies mom and dad got in
like on road trips during stressful
situations I remember when my dad was
going through school he went to DeVry
and I remember we were poor I remember
my mom buying makeup at the mall and my
dad thought it was too expensive I
remember she bought this foundation and
I was like 9 or 10 and he's like we
can't afford that right now my mom's
like my mom right no tell this story oh
well you should never had a vlogger as a
kid ha mom and dad but I never my mom
was like well I can't even buy makeup
now my dad's like we can't afford it and
they got this huge fight and I remember
my mom like fine I'll take it back and
the kids are coming with me and my dad
yelling you know come on you all parents
fighting we had to go back and I felt so
bad
my mama to take the makeup back and just
it's scary man cuz your mom and dad are
like what make you feel secure and like
everything's right with the world of mom
and dad love each other and so anyways
this M's Beauty xxx replied to the user
who just said that their parents are
getting a divorce
and said sending all my prayers my
parents are too they fight a lot
inbox me if you need any help that is so
what YouTube is about just finding
like-minded people finding other people
who are going through difficult times
you know finding people who like the
same thing as you you know making
connections strength through unity I
know some of you hate today in church we
talked about you know unity among people
and how sometimes the strongest like
bonds of unity happen in bad times like
natural disasters like when 9/11
happened all Americans bonded together
and we're like we need a common cause
like we have a common thing that we're
fighting for some one of the guys in our
in our church class he said he brought
up in the example of Urban Meyer who's a
college football coach and everywhere he
goes Urban Meyer I think Wars yet no
University of Ohio or I'm not sure where
he's at but he did coach for the
University of Utah but he has like been
really successful as a football coach
anywhere he goes and somebody asked him
they said well what is it about you
wherever you go you seem to like raise
the level of performance and the
football teams do really well and he
says he gets the team on a common goal
like he kind of puts a chip on their
shoulder and talks about how like
they're disrespected you know in the
nation and how people don't think
they're good enough and he gets
everybody like kind of on the same team
anyways it's all about strength and
helping each other I just like just
install impressed by this girl who just
left this comment that you know reaching
out and saying hey if you need help I'm
here inbox me what a great place to help
each other to lift one another you guys
know I talk about all this lovey-dovey
crap all the time but that makes me
happy that I can upload a video where
somebody that was hurting had the
courage enough to say that they were
hurting because of something scary and
sad in their lives and then another
person had the love and compassion to
reach out and say
me too let's talk if you have problems
like I'm probably going through the same
thing as you why not talk about these
things together and I hope they do I
hope they email and man I just that
meant a lot to me so I just replied to
and beauty this little exchange right
here I said all that I said oh that's
what I'm talking about because you know
that's how I talk
strengthen unity I appreciate you M's
beauty xx reaching out to help takes
courage and love we're praying people
that's cool man I love you guys so so
aren't jerks then here's a comment
SunGard is stupid he got the best
greatness class jerk he's not stupid
what like that doesn't make me man it
honestly doesn't like I'm so used to it
but I just want to know like this person
am I gonna say their name why did they
think like I'm just gonna write son
tardis stupid like what is behind it you
know are they like I wish I wish I was a
smartest son Tyler I don't know why he's
not my years old I I in my mind this is
another nine-year-old kid who's like
maybe they didn't do very good on the
test they had to take somewhere in their
school and they got like the worst grade
and that hurt them and so when they hear
that son tarde got the best grade
they're like ah screw him so turnt
stupid you know I'm saying I'm like so
when you see comments like that you it
always makes me think like what's really
going on in that person's life like
what's happening behind the scenes I
don't know man this YouTube it has been
quite the experience I love you guys
just I would vlog that thank you for all
of you who interact in the comments and
make friends that's so cool to me that's
how we build a community we are a family
I got a family this family but we're a
family I really feel that way I feel
like we are a connection of people and I
appreciate you guys being along for the
ride so try Vegemite it's delicious you
know honestly I haven't tried it other
than the time that I force-fed it to the
kids and it was chocolate oh it smells
pretty good
I got my nose and I just put my finger
on my nose and liked it I eat my own
boogers just so you know no I do that's
a roast that's like to me eating your
boogers
things I've been like a stoplight and
seeing somebody pick their nose you know
and they don't know what to do with the
booger nothing makes me gag faster
that's so gross wipe it on the seat like
why I don't care be wiped on the carpet
wipe it under the desk don't put it in
your mouth oh do you have a booger hater
I'm a hater it is gonna hate you eat
boogers
that's gross wipe it on the wall I don't
care what about your steering wheel
don't put it your mouth oh I don't know
why I so adamant about not eating your
boogers seriously I would rather see you
like pick your nose be like like wipe it
on your computers bears up it was so
gross to me okay I love you even if you
eat your boogers
off duty he decided to hang out at the
other suit stuff like crying even saw
the Prime Minister good thing we're back
in the family room
good thing we're back in the family room
huh no I don't want you to I don't want
to get kicked out yes get down well I'm
not will tell them to stop as soon as I
get a good is
I think we should have a tech DEFCON
test okay I need some light refraction
see watch you go first
we do your best trick over my phone then
it's my turn that's pretty good talk
amongst each other talk amongst each
other find a common cause and love one
another whatever I'm reading your
comments right now here's the in Slate
at the end slate you have the
opportunity to click on more Shaytards
content there are six options you
probably knew that because you've been
watching us for the last three years you
can click on yesterday's vlog you can
click on the feeling lucky button which
will take you to a random video of my
choosing if you want to see what the
shade hearts are doing exactly one year
to go today click on the one two two
three three three and if you're on a
mobile device you can click on all of
these links in the video description
because youtube doesn't support
clickable annotations on mobile device
I'd love you see you tomorrow
