called straight up neat sticks right
okay what it ate today this is a meat
stick I feed these to our kids but we
don't even want to touch them with our
hands
butshe's gonna eat one uh you're welcome
it's so cool honey you gonna bite of
this here have this other half
oh oh oh my gosh that's chicken it's
like a mixture of tuna fish dog food and
salt water and we feed those to our hmm
nutritious and delicious thanks Joe
join us next week when we eat dirt are
you ready
I get boring really cool we are having
other
this is what really cool dad looks like
dude dogs dude dogs listen up I this man
we are in the hospital I'm gonna give
them a little extra pep if you wanna
mean there's absolutely nothing to wear
you spoiled brat get ready for school
and I of course my normal attire look
like a fat skater boy we're gonna go get
our hair cut together that's not
romantic
I am Taylor Swift oh I know what that
was
hi pick up the present you're dragging
it jerk great I just made it up and I
wanted a corroborating story so I
appreciate it
watch he says these are a fun pair of
chompers you have there daddy
today I am wearing in my shirt the Union
shirt my grandpa Eugene started a
clothing company years ago called the
Union I was just telling castle now I
feel like my forehead is giant like you
could land an airplane on it but he said
he didn't think that because he would
have made fun of me
about that already ever happen would you
go what what stop wait me and the BVI
right the intern we're going to the
other side of the office right now
I can't go on my bike ride I went 16
miles think I can't go my background I
guess the actus roof falls through I
hope this woulda just still maintained
excited oh yeah terni throw run dang
girlfriend I would marry for my entire
life and then into eternity he comes up
to me goes you're under arrest
I want to push you in those balls I know
you right now where we going we're going
to make music we go into the oceanic
experience sorry I guess you can't talk
right now let's do an interview while
you're getting your lips done like oh
yeah
what do you plan on doing this fall cool
it practicing my wrench right
okay guys it is a cold Labor Day weekend
and we're doing our family campout
beautiful I guess he really likes his
bunk bed showing the footage Shane I
hope so
I love you oh alright here we are out
the beach
ah honey I didn't I love you wow that
was amazing I sit down at my computer to
see you squeezed in there ready for this
dear spirit are you ready
come on guys let's go check out my room
it's actually really clean organized
you're a bleeps mailman hello mailman
you go first you do your best trick over
my phone then it's my turn that's pretty
good so did you like your game yeah you
did a really good job get her get her
high cuz as big as you are my turn ready
that's a quadruple kicked up pretty damn
bro
let's hear it sing it you sound good man
I was in the other I was in the other
room and I asked mom I said who's
singing in their son card they're gonna
put your finger in the cage
no since you're telling me here Sonny
Boy now whole rooms organized and clean
except this it's all clean whoo the
double front nice job guys did she cut
your hair looks good dude nice point to
it I'll go get dive right off the end of
there right into the pool it's like boy
hey would you have done some okay you
ready in 3 2 1
ready oh no I don't want you to I don't
want to get kicked out here we go
climbing the rock face
Oh for heaven's sake you ready for
school is this like a parade or
something the job prints it starred ring
that bell and now and then you'll be a
Navy SEAL
you usually say your clothes outright
yeah does that represent I wonder if I'm
like I don't like that why is my mind
you decide oh no my brains just like hey
I like it I like your outfit I look very
beautiful so where you gonna be selling
these bracelets at alright wait wait
wait wait
it's just nice see reality pretty oh
you're a pretty pretty princess you're
such a pretty pretty princess no shoes
baby tar let me see your hair oh my
goodness are you just about the most
beautiful girl in the entire world
you look like Taylor Swift
say pretty bird just a cool family run
away baby run away trip on the carpet oh
you tell you it down you were at school
he found the zip line by himself and I
miss it
let me see that handsome miss turn
around can you show off the rat tail
today all right it's a one take whoa
spider-man nice Brock Oh Brock dude let
me see your face
nice dude yeah I'm fun dude
hi you're watchin watching game George
uh uncle Casey what are you doing on
there good I'm sorry miss daddy yeah
yeah baby dad well you dad what else
would you like to tell that about
today's event when I tell them what you
did by yourself I'd go down as if my off
- yeah Brooke waiting well this is crazy
another pathway you wanna practice wants
to explore the forest hey Stacy later
baby
your douche little baby neighbor actors
he has a cream he's going somewhere with
the cream erased over his head hey dude
you like doing that zipline yeah what
are you doing what are you doing in here
good to each other Sam okay oh all right
I'm home with this crazy hair boy he was
sitting in his high chair his high chair
was pushed up against the countertops
and he got his feet on the countertops
she's watching Winnie the Pooh and he
just couldn't daily by I had spied an
play teto you remember anything
yeah that's awesome did I leave it in
there leave it in there so I can get
that's a good hanging sports sort spot
dude this bye-bye goodbye bye-bye
bye-bye
Oh Maria
hey good morning James you taking a dirt
bath sounds like a stupid idea to me Oh
give him a ha
oh that's good feels good scratch right
there hey kid it's crunch my back well
my dad I gotta cover James's ears I
don't want to be any part of that dumb
nail serious let me outside right now
I'm gonna tweet this oh yeah no just go
alright ok turn that crap off another
that is usable anyway weirdos leave it
in the comments below
are we weirdos
