okay okie dokie okie dokie okie dokie
okie dokie okie dokie okie dokie okie
dokie okie dokie old song
purple wait wait ho gonna step one
watch your back my here hold on it
doesn't look like you're wearing your
white girl will go hmm
oh okay one takes Sunday Zeke these guys
wanted me to tell him a story cuz
they're always like tell us a story from
when you were young boo means thorn I
woulda thought you don't hear story all
right wake it up - he's really trying
yeah thanks guys all the hard work that
I'd try to do to keep him off my bed
Kisuke thanks guys a part of the family
he's just a big old look okay listen to
this story I'm gonna tell you guys a
story about my mission when I was a
missionary you wanna tell a story -
what's your story about yeah what you
want to tell him yeah did you hear this
story that he was saying about his test
tell him she was like
oh that's awesome
the other kids get the highest in the
class is the class I said dude that's
what it's all about I told you guys you
gotta take school seriously because the
more you work at it the better you'll
get your fourth grade this year you
can't work in next year it'll get easier
and you're gonna learn more you're gonna
get ahead I'm gonna be wrong I'm proud
of you dude that makes me very proud and
happy that was the one who got run I
said he said goal-oriented
no reason yes anyways I'm very proud of
you my son and it makes me feel like a
good father that you got the class I
think it's gonna be likes to read so
much and because you're a good father
because of me okay so the story the
story what is your oh sorry excuse me
spider-man's things coming off I gotta
fix it like 70 times a day okay so when
I was on my mission we did all the thing
called trapeze so as missionaries what
our goal is is to go around and teach
the gospel to people we feel like the
gospel has brought us so much joy and
happiness in our lives that we want to
share with other people so we try to
find people to teach to the gospel and I
do it as a missionary we did a lot of
practice does rock hard so we rock one
day in Guyana the heat Dianna's right by
the equator so it's hot and humid and
we're out knocking on doors and a lot of
times
get over here spider-man right like this
is what I wore out in the hot Sun of the
guy but you can wear short sleeve quite
sure I work
sleek white shirts I'm the best farmers
10 and do your farmer 10 the best or the
worst the best kid whatever brother call
us
so we're attracting the endless in the
stress is a very important story one day
we're attracting and it was very
discouraging because a lot of people
they don't want to hear about what you
have to say if you go knock on
somebody's door they're like I don't
want to hear you I'm busy I'm watching
TV I'm doing something I want to hear
about Jesus right now
I'm cooking some roti and so to get
really discouraging because we would be
out there knocking on doors and people
would be slamming doors in our face for
people who like I got a gun pulled on me
I got a knife pulled on me right and I
would just I'd get frustrated cuz I'm
like I'm just trying to make help you
feel happiness and I would get
frustrated and so me and my companion
one day it was like 2:00 in the
afternoon
hot sweaty knocking on doors and I had
been reading this book by this guy named
Jean art cook that talked about teaching
by the spirit we believe in our church
that revelation still happens you guys
know how when we believe in prophets we
believe that there's a prophet that
lives on the earth today who guides and
directs this church through revelation
through the Prophet through Jesus Christ
so I was reading this book about like
using the spirit like that we believe
that the Holy Ghost right guys can speak
to us and can teach us and guide us and
what we should do and help us so me and
my companion were knocking on doors I'm
so hot or so sweaty it was like what do
we do man so discouraged has nobody
wanted to listen to us we're knocking on
doors I really slamming the doors it's
like are we wasting our time out here
you know like what's the purpose like
what we do because sometimes you'd have
appointments and you know you'd to work
a lot we would be out working at 9:30 in
the morning and then we were supposed to
go inside to go to bed till 9:30 at
night so we'd be outside having
appointments or meetings for 12 hours a
day and sometimes there was nobody to
meet with
like super discouraging so I told my
companion I said what if we set a prayer
and what if we asked God to tell us what
we should do where we should go because
we're standing kind of like at this
proverbial crossroads but literally
we're at an intersection where it's like
we could go this way we can go this way
we could come back from the way we just
came cuz we just got finished knocking
or every door on this whole street and
then there was like all these ways we
could go and we're like what should we
do now because we've just gotten to the
end of the street we were super
discouraged hot and sweaty and hungry
and thirsty it's like what should we do
so I said to him I said what if we set a
prayer and we ask the Lord to guide us
where he wants us to go where are their
already go this way or this way and so
my companion was like okay let's do it
so we're standing there out in the
middle of the street what we did is we
had these little blue planners because
we don't want to like stand there in the
street like fold our arms because we
thought really look silly so we did this
we've gotten these little planners we
had these blue planners we would like
write down where our appointments were
and stuff so we opened up our planners
and we like bow our head and pretend
that we're looking at these planners
right so we're both standing there with
our heads bowed looking like we're
looking with these pieces of paper right
because we don't want to go next and
they're in the middle of the road like
looking sillier you know this without
people are gonna think we're like these
weird white boys because we're in Guyana
everybody's either black or Indian so
we're like the only two white people in
this neighborhood and it would look
weird if I stand on the corner like this
see no plan we thought let's get our
planners out pretend that we're looking
at it and I think yeah I even have my
pen out like I was acting like I was
writing something now so we've got our
heads that we said a prayer and we said
Heavenly Father please guide us to where
we should go and what we should do in
the name of Jesus Christ amen we said
that quick quick prayer and right after
that we kind of just stood there and I
felt this feeling I think we need to go
straight down this road so we started to
walk in and we went down to that next
road and my companion went to start
going to the first house on that road
and I said no I don't feel like we
should go to that house
 we should just keep walking until
we feel like we should stop so we kept
walking and we walked probably like five
or six houses down and all sudden I
thought we need to go knock on that door
right there and so when we knocked on
that door
guess what happened we got shot yeah I'm
your spirit father no okay so this is
serious we knocked on the door and guess
what happened we heard a voice that said
hooey but it was a girl and she sounded
scared she sounded really scared and
we're like oh this elder Butler another
crumpet from the Church of Jesus Christ
of latter-day saints and slowly the door
opens and this girl was this lady she
was like thirty years old she peeks her
head out and she like looks around her
eyes are like this and she's like
looking around like she's really scared
and I'm like hi my name is elder Butler
I'm from the Church of Jesus Christ of
latter-day saints so we want to share a
message with you and she know what she
said she goes where is he
and we're like what she looked terrified
she's like was there her guy outside I'm
like no like what's going on she's like
my boyfriend was just here and he was
freaking out and he was saying he's
gonna beat me up and he had a knife I
know right how scary is that seriously
can you imagine if you were there and
we're like oh wait let's see anybody and
she was like scared you could tell that
she'd been crying and she's like opens
the door a little bit more and she's
like I'm sorry it's like I just got in a
big fight with my boyfriend and he
started throwing things and he said he
was gonna kill me and he was like
threatened to beat me up and so I told
him to leave and he like slammed the
door walked out but then she liked him
locked the door who was like pounding on
the door and we're like we didn't see
him we don't know and she was like
looking around you could tell she was
terrified and we said and I felt like
right when she said that I felt like the
strong feeling inside me that was like
this is where we needed to come we
needed to come to this door and I told
her I said you know what I said I'm
gonna tell you something right now I
said we were just down like a block and
a half down that way
and we said a prayer and we asked for
Heavenly Father that he would guide us
where we should go and we walked right
to your door and we came here and we
came here we didn't know why we just
wanted to teach you a lesson but I feel
like our Heavenly Father brought us here
to help you and she said that she had
been upstairs praying asking God she
wasn't a member of our church she was I
think she was Anglican she was praying
like God please help me please help me
she was so scared because her boyfriend
was threatening her and we showed up and
knocked on the door and we never saw the
boyfriend and we sat there and we talked
to her for like thirty minutes until she
calmed down and she felt safe and she
had called her mom and her mom wasn't
there so she was kind of like waiting
for her mom and finally her mom got
there and we just thought what an
opportunity to help somebody and I felt
the spirit released on that day and it
was it was a cool opportunity and we
talked to her a little bit about the
church she never joined our church I
think she might have come to one of our
churches like one sacrament meeting or
whatever but the Lord
I feel like guided us that day and
that's why today in our church we've
been talking about church a lot haven't
we
we never got the same thing today in our
church we believe that there is a
prophet that leads us and guides us take
the hen who's the head of our church no
no whose Church is it heavenly father's
it's Jesus Christ Church he's our Savior
but we believed what he did turn this
house right we got a church in his house
but we believe that there is a prophet
on the earth today we believe that God
always has prophets we believe that
there was prophets in the olden days
like Moses and Abraham and Isaiah and
Isaac and Elijah all those men were
prophets and there's a scripture in the
Bible or in Amos it says surely the Lord
God will do nothing except reveal his
secrets unto his servants the prophets
so we believe in a prophet today named
Thomas s mom
no beep hi thanks spider-man oh good
anyways I love you guys
that was a story about my admission one
experience I had in Guyana South America
on my mission that cool story coupons
coupons yeah I was thinking for you guys
those of you who have said that you want
to have like a one-on-one talk about
religion like we're gonna do that we're
a new podcast and I think it'd be cool
to do like a Google+ chat or even do
some Skype calls if we want to looks
like how conversations about religion
but there are 75,000 Mormon missionaries
in the world all over the world and if
you want to have a chat about religion
if you have one of those boys with the
white shirts and ties like this they tie
their ties like this
hey they get in my bed yes if they show
up at your door let them in you wanna
have a conversation they believe the
same things we believe so if you guys
want to have a conversation Oh Logan
McCain shows up is there anybody from
Argentina who watches our videos or what
no series area is Roger freaking up yeah
I'm guessing cuz baby tard is nowhere to
be seen
now that's during him alright what it
takes Sunday you guys anything to say
funny if we end the vlog with a
helicopter I wanna give you another cup
yeah
oh oh dude yeah on the bag thanks guys
yeah I bet she wants he's gonna get
transit ready to get one put your arm to
your side you ready all right love you
guys will take Sunday hope you liked our
storytime love you how beautiful you
look let's show your beauty today well
you're not a horse all right I love you
guys see you tomorrow
