hi I'm login here H I'm going strong are
you super excited go to still send hard
oh come on you've been gone for a few
days it's library day are you super
excited oh my gosh ah you guys are super
Taylor
Fifty's no you don't we're not labor
early yos dog Z's
yeah early we're so early that's a cute
outfit too cuteness as heroes today
right cat oh my goodness look at you
guys you are her biggest fans I think so
we're back at school we're done with
Idaho we're done for a couple weeks so
we go back for Thanksgiving but that'll
be after we have a baby so that'll be
super exciting yesterday they didn't
have school either because it was Jewish
New Year so we've had a lot of days off
of school lately but now we're back and
ready to rock and roll
I've never played this game before so
it's that Foursquare thing that's
written on the ground and you have to
follow the lines but it's Kat so she's
trying to get her but they have to stay
on the line bunny
ah
that is so glow gotta be careful when
you got your girl socks on huh he's so
cute these are monster socks he and
somebody got those for you on my count
one that was a good corner I'll show ya
but they were so nice to get that to you
there matting's do you like them it's
slipper leave well you got your pants on
backwards - I think I love your little
outfit you got your shaft yeah careful
when you got your socks on
okay so I'm at another dance dentist and
I'm not at the dentist
I'm at a doctor's appointment for the
baby and I think that I'm getting
another ultrasound today so we'll see
we'll see how everything's going I'm
super excited as always it's always fun
to come to the appointments and kind of
just like get up today like okay here
was where we're at and here's how things
doing a really close October 22nd it's
not that far away I'm getting nervous
I'm excited I hopefully becomes really
might come late you never know there's a
little ultrasound machine from on the
way down I feel kind of bad because I
didn't plan ahead of time to get a
babysitter for rocked hard so that Shay
can be here it was one of those things
it was like we're traveling and then we
got back and I knew I had an appointment
but I kind of forgotten that oh we might
do an ultrasound today I feel dumb the
shades not here but I think that we're
probably gonna do at least one more
before the baby actually comes so good
thing I have a camera at my film in it
so you guys can see it you can see it -
okay where's doctor this is the hard
part waiting for the doctor
we gotta go pick the kids up from school
we are back in Los Angeles California I
just dropped my truck off to get washed
I'm doing some multitasking carrying the
napping baby getting my truck wash and I
want to pick up the kids from escuela
it's probably been like oh maybe six
months since I've had it cleaned that's
getting so dirty and dusty and like ya
want to have that like new car feel
again when I'm so proud to be driving it
so I figured go take it and get it
washed Sirach cards watch he found that
little watch last night he's been
wearing it ever since I think you look
so cute with but she is a watch
you won't tell time okay okay so I'm
sitting here waiting for the doctor and
the baby has the hiccups so I'm going to
try to hold the camera really still over
my belly to see if you guys can see it
see that it's jumping just a little bit
no I'm laughing okay
what did you see my belly move right
there
hahahaha I got you suckers okay I'm
really trying a really mine is to see
the shades it when I try to do this
because it takes a long time sometimes
the baby moves and you can see it and I
want you guys to be part of this you
know how people are like to hate when
people come up to you and put their hand
on your belly but it doesn't really
bother me because I like other people to
experience the feeling the bay because
it's exciting it's super like weird but
it's exciting when rocked I felt it for
the first time he had his hand on my
belly and he was like the baby was going
crazy during church and he felt it kick
and he goes oh look it's scared of so
it's just exciting to see people's
reactions when they actually feel the
baby I will try again when the baby
starts moving so you guys can see it
happened okay
okay so head down that's where we want
it jump let's stay down to think oh yes
so move it would be very unusual if the
babies had this down at this point that
I'm so yeah I feel most of the kicking
up top
overall average 14 pounds 13 ounces I'm
sorry four pounds 13 ounces so it's
average weight that was just a tional a
really important pamphlet right all
right they're like 40 pounds four pounds
you could see some of the folds skinny
baby that's weird random toilet in the
alley I think I mind you to just sit
here and take a dog that's gross I'm
turning into che anyway so I just
finished it was a good appointment we
couldn't really get very many good
ultrasound pictures he wouldn't move his
hands he had his hands right here in
front of his face we couldn't get a good
picture of his face I did see however
his junk which I didn't get on camera
but he is definitely still a boy she
said that size-wise he's looking to be a
big baby which is gonna be like around
the same size as the other ones my 8
pounders little rock tart and baby tart
were eight pounders he looks good so
everything's good I'm excited
how was school how was school how
schools good great grand wonderful every
day at school yeah yeah what'd you learn
good okay kanye west yellowstone that's
weird shirt looks pretty you're cute oh
you guys love each other that's good I'm
glad you love each other
Oh sibling rivalry I mean love okay
let's go dad's trucks getting watch
tickle tickle tickle tickle that's a
good big sister carrying your little
sister over here oh what a Wyatt like a
shining bright light light Oh cuz you're
not very heavy yes
Wow can you tell because you're being
held you can't die like your shoes baby
card you guys are adorable yes Timmy I'm
gonna keep you guys around Taylor Swift
shoelaces Wow Rhett okay
now the real workhorse has been put
toward dude that's impressive
dude have more than that got both his
sisters on his back and it sort of your
weight
that's probably right okay you go all
the way to the car wash like that dude
the surface kisses from Cotto for once
it seems easier than to run it I already
got one kid on my back I got one kid up
there already alright you carry son
tards backpack okay he'll carry the
sisters you carry the backpack no you
have to write on rock-hard shoulders are
you doing over here you crazy monkeys
let's go Roger can you go baby herds
back no he wants to carry the backpack
alright ready here we go jump whoa
alright Gary and the baby third you guys
are so cute
oh nice on the shoulders there you go
that's the way to do it and you're
wearing the Hat
nice good job son tart so my dad's truck
just got finished at the car wash look
how shiny it is
okay you'll see at this shiny new beauty
oh yeah here you go thank you hey she
ate it all right let's go
hop in hey guys dad's trucks clean let's
keep it that way
hey princess tart you promised to keep
it clean say I swear I found a nickel oh
that's mine Thanks everything this truck
is mine baby turkey seatbelt on yeah
brand-new car we just think oh look at
the - it's like all brand-new components
and everything they replace the whole
thing new steering wheel
new gauges believe me yeah you don't
believe me
your father what I lie to you guys it's
true only for comedy oh never lie that's
a bad example okay let's go
sorry am i taking up too much of your
precious time mr. three-year-old all
right let's go home she was three years
old call this bow and arrow what'd you
get
so I have listened to Elvis and Duran
that's so funny I just clicked on listen
now right as it came on I guess they're
on iHeartRadio Elvis Duran replay
channel that's where I'm on right now
the elbows drag replay gentle and sad I
Heart Radio you've been tweeting me so
many people have been tweeting me where
the rock chart video is I guess it's
been on a lot of radio shows early
morning shows which is near and dear to
my heart because I z103 Idaho's
number-one hit music channel use to be
radio DJ and I miss it but that would be
cool to go on some radio shows somebody
would invite me that's been really cool
that you guys have been tweeting me I
can't even count the amount of places
that you guys have tweeted me that that
video has been and we just hit four
million views yeah I smell dinner I
smell dinner I smell dinner it smells
delicious a plate yeah would you get
these ones they're too small I wish you
got a big one that's like look more nice
did you get these because I peer
pressured you into getting them no I
love that color of blue people are
saying these look cheap cuz they're
see-through they're like a plastic plate
waiting about that ah you guys pissed
off mommy time using them I'm excited to
use this plate looks cheap though just
kidding no I'm just saying what are you
saying yeah because they're not cheap
the glass you know see for yourself
Wow - alright weirdo Sun tart is into
breaking things oh that looks good and
it's good yeah yes and bread okay yeah
yes and chicken okay yeah yum yum yum
yum
Zeke hello goodbye Zeke student is
nightly rounds of the house is the crazy
pizza Carranza mommy
boo boo boo oh don't jump on daddy I
love you here good boy yes you are it's
so bad I'm so proud of you yes you guys
have big news this balls are dropping
look that's weird
here's one Oh funny story about Malakai
memories one time Carly my sister you
know her she's
one to folk cute not really I'm just
kidding
Zee so we first got Malachi and he was
just getting old enough for his
testicles cuz you know what he had a dog
dogs and balls boy dogs ha ha ha his
testicles started dropping and they
would like swing around as he would walk
around the living room and Carly thought
this was disgusting I was like what he's
just got just cause he's like they're so
gross they're just like swinging around
so I think she was in high school Zig no
oh I hate when he drinks on the toilet
no what I kiss you on those lids don't
drink out of the toilet that's gross I
guess I shouldn't kiss him on the lips I
told the girls to shut the toilet come
here there you drink out of the sink ok
boy you're tall enough you can drink out
of the seat yeah yeah oh boy ha we just
got him a few months ago remember when
clicky just hold it in his arms her arms
my wife's a girl here go take the water
out of there don't drink out of the
toilet dude that's what people pee have
some self-respect dude here fresh water
club coffee there you go that's
delicious drinking water for you oh boy
yes anyways so Carly was in cheerleading
and she had these like little ankle
cheerleading socks and so I thought it
would be really funny and I took them
and I put them over Malachi's testicular
x' he came running in the room and
Carly's cheerleading socks are hanging
from Malachi's testicular just waving
back and forth and she was so mad
remember that Carly would I put your
cheerleading socks on Malachi's ball I
should be say that's inappropriate
oh you're dirty don't go boy
whenever a faux stone coming yeah open
up the Darwin man ray phone DS you're
facing and across end of just a campus
open up the door what you say it's
easier to seem to a crowd than a camera
what like two people cuz it's like
they're far away
so if yous you would rather sing in
front of like a big crowd there in front
of like a couple people or like a camera
like right right now you're more
embarrassed to sing really why this is a
big crowd of people though so you feel
more comfortable in front of like it so
you'd rather sing in front like a big
audience interesting I mean you're going
to be a famous singer maybe okay yeah
I'm gonna be yeah I meet let's be honest
hey cha you know dinner was delicious as
usual I'm gonna help you the vlog
different life have to go build the end
slate but imma be right back save some
of these for me maybe this one I'll do
this one I'll do this one yeah yeah hey
I told the story about when I put Carly
soft on Malachi's you know what is that
inappropriate well I didn't we log it
did we I feel like we did too
I feel like that was before we were
vlogging that's interesting
the times are coming or we can't
remember if we were vlogging or not so
that story I just told was that ever a
video did I ever tell that story
I feel like Carly was still in high
school we weren't vlogging in she was in
high school no she was in high school
that was in my parents house cuz it was
like her
it was like her high school cheerleading
sock yeah Carly
when did I put your sock on my dog's
testicles do you remember he remembers I
forget Chris are you member that yeah
you I don't need you were born okay
good skirt do you remember when you were
in heaven looking down on our family no
I just remembered dark
she's never dark it was dark and have
another that's light in heaven yeah oh
you are
what's your spirit oh hey do you believe
in God yes how do you know that he is
even there scripture there's so many
reasons well give me one have you ever
seen him in pictures well how do you
know that's just not an artist's
rendition do you believe in God do you
know some people don't believe in God
you do that who doesn't believe in God I
don't know I know some kids at my school
they don't what do they say
I don't really ask well how do you know
they don't live in London
literally I don't know you should ask
them tomorrow neither school I want you
to get in front of the class and say
excuse me I have an announcement I want
to take a poll please raise your hand if
you believe in God okay tomorrow way to
go to school say excuse me teacher I
need to take a poll anybody who doesn't
believe in God please raise your hand
don't do that definitely should not do
that at the party area class people that
are Jewish believe in God I know but
they we believe them but they don't
believe that he's our dad he's our
Heavenly Father you mean yeah well
there's different views who taught you
about God we did right what if we're
wrong what if God doesn't exist
everything about that what if he doesn't
well that make you sad or happy one no
these are tough questions huh there's no
right or wrong answer we're just having
a conversation do you know who does
exist though me and I love you no matter
what you know that I do I love you no
matter what you're my favorite daughter
I just
goodnight don't joke about what no
teasing get out of here
Robert okay I guess you give me the girl
out of the girls
Oh to become alive shake all rocked art
and move it hard
we're on the TV as you can see all the
children are very yeah I wanted rock
hard to stay awake what he's in bed and
dad just passed out Kaylee's over here
zekiel lost his head in the war it's
good baby
what is jimmy kimmel on DVR i'll watch
it tomorrow out on a seat
are you recorded okay so I sit here I
said yesterday that our rocked hard clip
was gonna be on Jimmy Kimmel I said a
show I didn't say what show I wasn't
allowed to disclose the information but
it's Jimmy cat what it's alright now my
dad bought their son on bow and arrow
which it turns out bow and arrow is a
difficult set of words for a free roll
to pronounce
are you going to shoot it
/ my mom cool Ron did you begin with
genre famous or they've been there did
think about this pause for a second
remember we're at that gas station and
how many toys he had in his hand and I
told me had to pick one think about if
you would have got one of those other
toys we wouldn't been on the Jimmy
Kimmel show cuz he remember he had like
four toys in his hands like I want all
of these I'm like no you have to pick
one and he picked the boner bow and
arrow and thanks to Brett the inter who
told me to put that as a single clip on
my shaycarl channel four million views
later I'll bet some lunch or something
maybe some of the revenue alright Jimmy
Kimmel Live right there that was really
cool thanks Jimmy
love you bro all right the girls are
upstairs they want to see it bow and
arrow is a difficult set of words for a
three-year-old to pronounce
that cool guys what do you think about
that that cool huh what are your
thoughts any anything to say all right
as he is a pretty lamb no insights no
nothing okay go to bed brush teeth
losers this cliff I won't even make a
shave arts log that was so on
there's no it's midnight you're not
having chocolate no no what
it's not a school night it doesn't
matter you have cavities get in bed
no it's bedtime
hey stop it's bedtime go get in bed
because the cameras on you think you can
push it push you I think they do that I
think when the cameras on they know they
can flip it a little bit she normally
wouldn't have done that
that's something that we don't include
in the vlogs like when we get serious
with the kids were like no you're not
doing that they'll listen but when the
cameras are there like Oh mom and dad
are gonna they don't want to get mad in
front of the camera so I'm just like oh
can I please notice that question oh yes
I do notice it I noticed that that
they're different with mom too bad why
I'm scary too
rawr Yeah right here was alright bye
guys
jeez relievin bye see you later is that
true you guys push it more on your own
I gotta beat my kids we'll see you guys
tomorrow come on admit it you did that
as a kid or maybe you still do it as a
kid I remember like bringing my friends
over I'm like oh I'm gonna be in trouble
like do come inside with me my mom won't
yell at me as much as if you're with me
you know like when you have company over
you like push your mom and dad because
you know they're not gonna scream at you
and all the like company's over you guys
are like the company we brought you over
with the camera and baby tarts like no
I'm gonna push it I'm gonna see if dad
will give me this chocolate all right
kids
just wanted tie them up and poke them
with hot stick sometimes we love you
guys another episode of the Shaytards is
in the books is a long one huh right
thumbs it up favourite it leave a
comment click on a video yesterday's
vlog is up feeling lucky hey if you
haven't seen I noticed yesterday in the
comments a lot of people still haven't
seen the bow and arrow viral video hit
that rock card is he such a son change
in now I will leave it as the mystery
video
you guys can click on that if you
haven't seen it yet it's at like 4.2
million views insane please don't forget
to subscribe it's free right there click
that subscribe button and if you want to
see what our family was doing one two
three or even four years ago this very
day click on those corresponding numbers
in the middle love you as always and
we'll see you tomorrow
