I think we're gonna do the video Gary
are you ready
this might get boring
like your namesake
- a toy
look at my family got charged in that
little kitty pool the other two are in
this one one of that one and one now it
is a big place hi how are you yeah
you're in the El with my love this is a
surface yeah you forgot the camera dude
this is so much fun to see from this
angle and what drug dirty dancing the
cake totally dancing I don't know if you
could always stop just watching per
second she always stands on the stairs
and watches and then there's a thing
around the whole pool that he can walk
around do backflip we're watching
oh this is nice
so hot here in Vegas - so the pool is
very nice to have
whoa that was a good one right charge
screaming at the fountain he's yelling
at them oh I love my little water baby
what does a fox pay through watch that
music video today and the kids correct
up where we at what we're doing
sandwich sandwiches at Planet Hollywood
it's another one of our favorite things
to do at Planet Hollywood the Pearl
is it okay go get it there are URLs with
sandwiches yeah right over there over
there go see a princess tart can do this
transaction by yourself walk up there
hand it to him
did it and I switch it adults we feel
sandwiches yeah dog dude you better hide
those giant watermelon she been
smuggling you go onto the state line
they're gonna bust you right away
oh she's smuggling watermelons in the
state of California I was worried about
the apples we paid by the pumpkin
nice purse telling the truth yeah dance
up or treat shut up she got busted yes
we're in California he's across the
border what are you in your tent there
dude yeah yeah okay I just tweeted shut
your mouth I'll put your nose in Zeke
wants to play with me or play poker
won't play poppycock all right we are
home I just tweeted I'm gonna level with
you guys I only have three months punch
him I can't play right now I got a vlog
dogs never understand so I just tweeted
I'm gonna level with you guys I only
have three months making me anxious go
away I know I love you I said on my
tweet that I tweeted I only have three
minutes of footage on the level you give
me some topic to talk about quiet so
look at this man you guys want some
topics talked about 153 new tweets I see
all your tweets I'm reading them here
talk about the baby che what's the vlog
were you and clutter in the store and
you eat random things like peppers and
lettuce I can't find it F blog card she
knows where all that is ah the new baby
random dancing plans for the new baby a
lot of people are talking about the baby
Khloe into the hospital today or the
doctor Zeke you guys hold on I'm just
gonna turn the camera on do a one-take
talker but he's really distracting me
collect get your dog out of my face she
always says that how's the baby
is it good what'd the doctor say today
she's making a snack for the kids
it's not a small baby she said that she
is listening how big was rock card eight
eight pounds well your belly came my way
before you did
she's has the big babies less than two
months away October 22nd Sunter what are
you gonna do when we have a new baby boy
around here I'm gonna have three sons
yeah that's right that's I'm gonna call
you guys scare me dude
scare me dude okay so we're home I'm
excited to have the new baby it'll it'll
change our lives so I'm gonna talk about
a few things that I saw in the Twitter
okay so one of the tweets that I saw
that I thought was pretty interesting
and something that I've actually been
thinking about a lot lately because of
the rock tart video going viral is
somebody tweeted and asked Shay how do
you feel or talk about how you feel
about you know the exposure that your
family's got over the last couple years
and then specifically with this little
rock tart clip that went viral four
million views
I can't count all the places that people
have tweeted me that it's been
huffington post and all over the place
um it might be on a TV show tonight i
tweeted yesterday that the TV show that
i can't say you know how it is like
you're not allowed to say unless it
happens so it might still be on tonight
follow my twitter and i'll let you know
if it if it does go on but I've been
wondering a lot because you know a lot
of accusations and stuff in those
comments of people that don't know our
family and haven't been around for the
last four and a half years to watch us
come to where we're at today I'm
constantly refreshing your tweets right
now they're coming like crazy as people
have said oh this dad is like going to
damage this kid for life and that's been
a big criticism
we have had as a family that films with
our kids is that you're exploiting your
children um which is never it was never
the plan I feel like when you exploit
somebody you like purposely trying to
get gain off of their misfortune which
you know kids do funny silly things like
I don't I try to think of it like this
way if there was a video of me when I
was a three year old kid saying
something silly and my dad laughing at
it that wouldn't make me feel
embarrassed or bad like as an adult
later on in your life why would you ever
be embarrassed by something you did as a
little kid like everybody knows little
kids do and say funny things like I've
never understood that like oh you're
gonna be so embarrassed when your kid
when your kids grow up and they see all
this it's like I would love to maybe
like I'm just like self-involved like
cuz I want to see more videos of me but
think about like wouldn't it be great if
you have brothers and sisters like I
would love and I do go back and watch
old videos when me and Casey used to
play I love watching those videos it's
like oh that's so awesome to see what
life was like back then and so I don't I
don't agree with that criticism because
that's something that me and Colette
have two very seriously take into
consideration like are we jeopardizing
our child's lives by you know putting
them out there and and you know putting
them online sometimes I don't think I
realize how many people watch these
videos I've become so accustomed to
talking to this little device that I
think if I could see the amount of
people like in a giant auditorium or
like a giant massive you know audience
like every time I was saying something I
think I'd be like Oh am I gonna share
that much about my life but I think
that's the way that our society is going
like you can't hide who you are anymore
with everybody having a camera on their
phones like if you're out in public and
you're like privacy is going away and
for me that's okay mind you I guess I
don't necessarily agree with like the
government like tracking my calls and
stuff because I don't want to lose
freedoms but I'm not hiding anything and
I thought if you're not hiding anything
then you shouldn't be worried about
privacy I don't
and get torn apart in the comments by
people like privacy laws shape to me
it's like I am who you see on these
videos like I have nothing to hide or I
have nothing to be ashamed of you know
maybe I can think of some stuff like
that I've done those stupid but we all
make mistakes it just it sucks that the
Internet is so hyper critical that you
take every little nuance like Oh Shay
you that one video three weeks ago you
said that one thing in you you you
accented that one word what does that
mean Shay what did you mean by that like
what I don't know I was just talking I
do a lot of talking I hate how the
internet takes every little thing and
they dissect it it's like what about
that look what you did right there
that's wrong yeah answer to that huh
what you mean by that like I don't know
I was just like talking it's so hot in
here rac1 out while we're in Idaho and
we just had a fix today and it's slowly
cooling the house down so I'm sweating I
tweeted an article or a blog post last
night where I said I eventually will
have this conversation I said a talk I
will eventually have with all three of
my sons I'm gonna leave it in a link
below hey what are you doing come here
so hot is that hot in here yeah it's
dying right I'm just talking about stuff
about life I heard you all may dream was
I talking loud hey don't ask you a
question do you do you think you're
gonna grow up and wish that all these
videos of you and your life weren't on
the Internet
no why because every sometimes we all
the kids watch videos old videos of us
and we like after we ID like okay we can
only watch what and then we start
watching more cuz they're fun to watch
right you watch old Shaytards is that
fun to see yourself right the older the
better
okay why are the older the better it's
just fun to see when you're a little
little girl like what you a nice twerk
baby tard well okay I love you don't get
mean when you get older okay do you
think I'm exploiting you no do you know
what that means no I love you my good
dad
tell them I'm a good dad here he's the
best dad I mean talk about it they'll
really like get some ammo
is going like if you had a few tears
come on that would be cool you're doing
your homework yeah all right I love you
okay be a good girl love you see my good
dad
anyways um I love you guys that's
today's vlog we're back in LA I'm gonna
leave a link below to this guy his
name's Nate Pyle I follow him on Twitter
now and he is a cool dude
he's a pastor in Indianapolis and his
site is down because I don't think he
has the best servers I don't think he
was expecting I was I'm not saying like
I blew him up I blew you up dawg but I
think a lot of people are reposting that
post it's on my facebook it talked about
how boys should look at girls as people
and not as like sexual objects
regardless of how they dress I think oh
now it's up I think we should teach our
daughters and our sons to protect
themselves and oh here's another thing I
wanted to talk about God's laws how long
is this let me see real quickly eight
minutes
okay so whether you believe in God or
not that's a whole nother thing here is
a paradigm shift that I recently had
about not recently maybe I was like a
year or two it ago I don't think that
God has given us Commandments to like
fence us in I don't think God is like
these are the commandments if you don't
do them I'll burn you I don't think God
is like that I feel like God has given
us Commandments to keep us safe I think
the reason he has given us these
guidelines to follow is because he knows
that if we stay within these boundaries
or God's laws we will be safe we will be
protected and happy that's my paradigm
shift about God's commandments I don't
think he gives us these things to
restrict us I think he gives us these
commandments to save us and to keep us
from sorrow and regret and heartache and
hurt feelings and substance abuse and
doing something that you didn't really
want to do but you did because you had a
few beers you know how many times have
people
had one too many drinks and said
something or did something that they
regret but the next morning if you never
drank you would never have that regret
to me that's one of the worst things
there is is regret
wishing you wouldn't have done something
now I wouldn't ever change any of the
mistakes I've made because I think
that's who you are as a person but I
feel like God has given us Commandments
to keep us safe because He loves us and
that's why I give my kids rules because
I want them to be happy I make them do
their homework because I want them to be
smart and well educated and be able to
get a good job so that they can be happy
and I just think if we thought about
God's laws like that instead of this
person who was like trying to control us
I feel like we would be happier honestly
I feel like if we realized that he is
just trying to bring us happiness by
obedience to his laws then it would
change our perspective on that anyways
go check this guy out I don't know I'm
just rambling at this point this dude is
really cool he had another blog post
that I really liked about um what's this
ooh just got a text from the TV show
that rock card might be on so the last
two nights that it was supposed to be on
I got pushed because of one celebrity or
the other show open
live bit clip boy gets boner oh okay so
I think it might be on tonight follow me
on Twitter and I will tweet he just this
guy just texted me the set list for
tonight's show of what happens and he's
on it so I think it might happen anyways
I'll twit you um go check out this guy
I'll leave a link below he talks about
how Christians fight worse than anybody
how Christians use the Bible as a sword
which I totally agree with um I don't
know man this is a lot of this is a huge
clip I love you we'll be back on track
tomorrow thanks for listening to my
ramblings see you guys tomorrow
it's all about love that's it don't
listen any I said just love man just
love and kindness be nice
nice nice yeah man love and kindness I
bet right why are you looking at me like
that you it's about that's what it's
about it's just being nice to people man
just be nice that's the secret to life
whether you believe in God or not just
love man I'm about love all right sorry
these videos suck we'll be back I
dragged tomorrow clay got a video
there's better ones like princess chard
said the older the better go back and
see we're doing four and a half years
ago okay I love you bye
