hey oldest son of mine
are you sad look at me what cute on
camera
what cuter cuter than that dude you're
not looking very cute right now oh look
at that cuteness all right it's always a
sad day when we have to leave Idaho we
always get sad because we love our
family I mean it's like what you say
when you're have family it's like oh we
love our family you're headed back to
California today it's long drive ahead
of us that's the worst part of it that's
really why it's a sad day plus I love my
mom and dad okay I do rock cards
watching the first cut of the urban
shredder video we did do you like yet
good holy sneakers McGee kurz I have
tearin' so bad right now my eyes are
yellow they're floating in a pool of
urine
sniffles Oh Papa Jill moley's I got a
peepee in the potty so you have to I
hold it I stretch that bladder out it's
a thin wall I drink a lot of water I'm a
healthy person snickles particles my
pickles got a pit pibil oh listen Ibaka
goggles the frickin language go to the
Walmart I got a pj he's gonna be at the
end cuz I wanted to stop at the Walmart
to get those blue dishes that she saw
yesterday cause she thinks they're so
cute like those blue dishes baby why
it's one of those things I've been
thinking about for a while like spoil
her tissues you know weird
I love the pounds
holy nigga giggles I gotta go
pee
hurry up you're my bunkies what are you
laughing at all right you know when
you're a true tech Decker terrain
anywhere you go what are you doing bro
these things back up this show the whole
thing it's like a ramp
these things are like crap all right
let's see you grind that things what are
you doing chopping off your head that
sounds awesome
all right so what blue dishes mop
talkest are these the ones I want some
princess charred dishes dude what if
that shelf broke and all those dishes
shattered you would lose all your
college education fund and would that be
so cool bro Oh boys boys just boys think
the breaking is cool that's sexist don't
can't girls think breaking stuff is cool
but they usually don't do it don't freak
it and that's how girls are no don't
break it those blue ones you're talking
about yeah like that I like those ones
it's like Tron dishes
those ones hey throw that on the ground
and break it and I like the see-through
I think Cesar's cool yeah I sure do like
that birthday hat it is you my goodness
you're special
I like the see-through yeah see those
are cool cool though I don't know
whatever you're the dish check you want
to get everywhere you want I like those
better though it's your decision
whatever you decide is fine as long as
you pick what I like
for those we have to sell them at a
profit you know realize that's how you
make money everything yes your money
you're gonna sell money mind you this is
a little weird to be doing right in the
middle of the road trip dissing I saw
Walmart those dishes were halfway down
to Vegas we're gonna stay in Vegas again
tonight
what oh you were in the birthday hat now
why do you spend your money as soon as
you get it you should save your money
sometimes you guys soon as you get money
you want to spend it save it for a rainy
day if it rains then you can buy some
sunshine oh it's like a green thing
mustaches those are pink mustaches yeah
you like those mustaches those funny
Mike Wazowski those cute you're just
shopping to you and your mom or dish
shop in the middle of our road trip oh
my ghostess Cubs see some spiders but
scary are they gonna bite you careful
they let them get you okay cool
yeah a spinning ball that'll take you
back in time go go back in time yep
gonna plug you know dish update she
likes these dishes but she thinks that
these other dishes are nicer quality
because she wants a nice set of dishes
but she likes the color and she can't
make a decision so now she wants to put
him back we're gonna have two blue ones
last time I came they only had these
right so the two options is stressing
her out so now she wants to just put
everything back and not get him this is
what I have to deal with when I shop
with this woman she can't be decisive
and just pull the trigger and get
something and go she's like but these
are nicer quality by like the color of
these better I'm not gonna get either of
them so what I'm gonna do these plates
are smaller than the other plates cuz
she wants to have a good nice set of
dishes cuz all the ones we have at home
are just plain white dishes and she
wants to have a nice set throne we have
people over and if these are nice enough
that maybe people won't like us we'll
lose friends over it you don't want to
lose friends over our dishes what do you
guys you pick which dish you think's
best dude I think those are cool I love
the see-through floor every day and
these are more like said the table nice
let me see why they're just it's just a
plate I think these are like more modern
you know what I mean what do you guys
think these ones or those ones you like
those ones the duckbill platypus likes
the see-through ones just get them this
is a stressful situation you guys what
are we gonna do I hope she makes right
decision Rock Reds shopping over there
baby tarts dancing fun
tech deccan oh nice nice drop bro nice
what are we doing
you're getting us you sure I don't wanna
pay a price for you don't say mi sure
and that's rude because then I will say
guess myself again I'm such a jerk but
are you sure these are nice enough let's
go we have eight hours to get to a
pretty kin the van freakin butt heads
let's go so Shane is added each day in a
pink paradise a pink paradise of girls
nest
but you get to work you guys what is
going on up here is that iron man doing
the weather
what kind of newscasters do they have in
this town we're in Payson Utah and
apparently iron men does the weather in
Payson Utah that's hilarious
our no more behind the scenes of this
story yeah sure storm front coming in
the northwesterly direction that looks
like we'll have a 30% chance of rain and
100 percent chance of plutonium rockets
I don't know I'm making that up well
look who's that
iron man stay in the weather not crazy
look at what's going down it's iron med
doing the weather hilarious your
five-day forecast calls for solar power
Jess you know buy one of these we're
gonna get you have any money well okay
we'll pick something out and go get it
would you get the start did you buy that
here on money so much money did you get
back 20 cents back kids showing out
their own money to buy their own streets
are you short
you got 60 cents son tired can your
sister borrow some money look at their
sugar daddy what do you got how much you
got there count it out son tarts coming
through get 23 cents you need is a
dollar sixty there's sixty cents look at
these guys teaming up to get the treats
which what do you say to your brother
say I'll pay you with a 10% return on
investment dude you better charge her
interest refer that loan let's say make
money
well I specifically requested the
penthouse I don't care if they can't do
shrimp cocktail at midnight I expect
discount I didn't need my shrimp
cocktail at midnight yeah well I don't
care it was on my reservation I told
them three times they better have
turndown service or I'm not gonna pay my
extra tip that I usually tip what's just
bullcrap hey what's up these
accommodations are not acceptable
why paying for this and pretending that
Zeke's complaining about the hotel isn't
that hilarious
that's classic me I just do stuff like
that I'm crazy what are you doing you
tap that in the hotel freakin c-tech
Decker
whoa that was sweet slow mo that one's
Jane we've stayed here before you guys
remember we're at the Staybridge Inn &
Suites and it is sweet rock tart
thinking it's sweet you thinking it's
sweet what would you say what the
Internet Oh true that's how you know if
it's sweet where's my computer device do
you remember that you remember that oh
you love me hi guys I could show you
about the rib today but just tell this
spot
there's a lot of cute stuff
wah go away okay guys I get to show you
outside well this is our bed this is my
baby stuff this is her Troy this rabbit
Roy her joy if keeper said 15% okay
okay guys I got to show you outside
here's outside tree don't foster this
here's outside it
I'll show you down here let's go yeah
okay
this is beautiful
yeah then here's the bathtub actually
Bobby beer
everything but this is cc2
well this door leads to another room did
I show you the kitchen
don't I get in washer dryer washer oh I
need your thumb hook fridge cool
toaster that's the biggest right there
we had a toaster in case you want to
toaster strudel that's a washing machine
daddy I need your help what is it closet
watch let me blog alright we have a
feeling here all over the place with
this camera baby all right is that the
grand tour are you done well one last
thing what is it what's it gonna be hope
it's good it opens up look the bathroom
come on the chair buddy do the job all
right we're in Vegas it's 11:00 Oh -
where are we going I think that's what
we should do right now don't you think
Rock time oh my is that mommy in her
swimming suit mommy turds not excited to
go so made-up midnight but we are huh we
haven't been swimmin at hotel suite for
a long time I figured if it's open we're
doing it and Colette was good enough and
smart enough to pack our swimsuits and
our overnight bags we're doing this cuz
rock card jumping in the pool is it cold
where's oh cool I'm good in the hot tub
I can't help but to feel giddy Oh
let's hit the emergency button I just
hit that button I thought it was the
turn on button let's get some bubble
Dylan here look at that hot tub that's
huge rock tart can fit 30 hot chicks in
that hot tub nothing you would I don't
know why don't drown is it too deep
careful hot time and then we swam and
sat in the hot tub and did cannonballs
and just did have the best time ever in
Las Vegas the stayed bridge in Suites
all right we're at actually Barstow
where we got guys Barstow it is hot in
Barstow we're filling up gasps I've been
editing and Colette the beautiful has
been driving shane has been editing I
always like trying to like take credit
for his all his work anyways um you guys
couple things yesterday I am very
impressed by the amount of good positive
comment
that were in the vlog we talked about
religion there's some negative ones like
usual but some good conversations
happening some real genuine questions
being asked which I like it's good to
ask questions that's how we learn by
asking questions there's no wrong or
stupid questions I've been trying to
answer as many of those as I can on
Twitter and but you know I've been
traveling so I haven't been in the
comments that much I will try to get in
there and comment and answer some
questions and we'll talk about this more
in the podcast also I can't say yet but
I just got a text the rock tarred bow
and arrow clip might be on a TV show
tonight stay tuned to my Twitter to find
out which show I can't tell you and I am
NOT allowed to say yet but if you're
following me on Twitter as soon as I
find out I will tweet it and little rock
cards gonna be on TV tonight on a TV
show
so I'll just say that check out
yesterday's vlog what we're doing one
two three and four and blah blah you
know how to click on a video kale if you
guys see tomorrow bye that shall we
watch last night we're in the hotel shh
don't say secret well we're gonna go
home and watch it tonight okay
I know okay see you guys bye
