hi I'm login here hello hi how's it
going today is going to be a different
vlog on the Shaytards give me a
different day I said yesterday in the
insulate but today's video was going to
be different one because we are going to
the temple today what is that what is
the temple it's a place that we go to
make promises to our Heavenly Father we
are members of the Church of Jesus
Christ of latter-day saints also known
as Mormons you've heard of it maybe LDS
more monet's that Joseph Smith cult
whatever you've heard I'm not sure I'm
driven by the way so we've talked about
it before we've had podcasts where we've
talked about it and today like I just
want to talk about it because Logan is
getting ready to go on a mission for our
church I've talked about before that I
serve a two-year church mission in the
West Indies Trinidad Barbados and Guyana
and Logan is getting ready to go to
Argentina in our church when young men
turn the age of 18 which is new it used
to be 19 when I was going on missions
they just changed the age of 18 you
serve a mission for your church it's a
proselyting mission where you go around
teaching people the gospel what we
believe is that Jesus Christ is our
Savior he is the central figure of our
church the real full name of our church
is the Church of Jesus Christ of
latter-day saints we're called the
Mormons because we believe in another
book of Scripture called the Book of
Mormon the Book of Mormon is is another
testament of Jesus Christ we believe
that Christ came and lived on the earth
just like you've heard of in the Bible
he had us Twelve Apostles Peter James
and John he established his church he
was baptized by John the Baptist we
believe all that we believe that Jesus
Christ is a central figure and Savior so
when people ask are Mormons Christians
yes we believe that our Savior the
person who atoned for our sins was
Jehovah Jesus Christ I would tell you
what you would I believe I'm not telling
you
you're wrong I don't want to have like a
religious fight because that's why we
haven't talked about religion because
religion is a very polarizing subject I
don't know why just people get worked up
whenever you talk about religion so I
haven't very much I haven't really
talked about in our vlogs like I said
before it is the answer to the question
why are you guys so happy something
seems different about you guys it is the
basis for me and Colette's relationship
for my relationship with my kids and for
all of that so I wanted to talk about it
today because today is a big day in
Logan's life and that's what we be doing
we're going to the temple and we're
getting ready right now
I've got a hurry because my mom's are
coming here any minute yell me Shane hi
get ready what do you think
look it's my wife good friend really
look good I'm telling them about the
church talking about that Mormon we're
talking about them Mormons mhm
dad I'm clogging up your sink just gross
what are you gon get in here and help me
with this week Oh ugly that is it's so
ugly
how'd I look hi here's me without a
beard I beg so Chloe's been getting good
point I really should say we believe
because I'm like not a spokesperson for
our church I believe there's a better
way to say it I believe that we lived in
heaven as a family of people as a human
species everybody on this earth lived
what is called the pre mortal existence
before we came to this earth we are all
brothers and sisters they're part of a
large family now we're all here on earth
no matter what country religion race
color or a beard you have we are all or
lack thereof or lack thereof I know we
are all part of an eternal family before
we came to this earth and now we're here
on earth to gain a physical body and to
learn by experience I guess the whole
point of this is ask for yourself
I'm not saying take my word for it much
anybody's word for it we believe that
you can ask Heavenly Father and and find
out for yourself because at the end of
the day we're all gonna die so I feel
like you have to be able to be your own
devil's advocate you have to be able to
say to yourself regardless of what I say
regardless of what your parents say
regardless of what your pastor preacher
or Bishop says you have to ask yourself
there's nobody that matters but what you
think and you have to say to yourself
what do I believe I'm gonna die one day
where do I go what happens do you think
you're just going to become a worm food
I don't want to be worm food I mean I've
worked too hard with this relationship
with this hot chick to just turn into
worm food laying next to her because
we're probably buried next to each other
right yes
promise well I sure hope so I don't want
to share my knees with a lion why
whatever would that make a difference oh
I give your bodies fine Billy
well I'll kill that lie and a bear that
lying next to me good okay okay I worked
too hard with these relationships for
them to just end at mortality so we
believe that you live after this life
and that we will live together as a
family forever we don't believe that we
are married just till death do you part
we believe that our marriage is eternal
anyway as we'll talk more about it let's
go to the temple I got to get my suit on
because mom's about to come in here and
yell at me you ready you're gonna get in
trouble here we go okay bye kids you're
in the bath thanks Carly
what I shave my beard I see don't like
it
goodbye yeah pretty good
nice shave fell again okay I love you be
good for Carly I love you okay here we
go bombs out in the car honking the horn
I'm in trouble Emily we have a strict
schedule to keep fine let's go all right
here we go
dad's bald heads looking handsome this
morning guys ready
who else look enhancements got my dress
clothes on finally got my tie on mom
mine trouble I wasn't that late was I
get into the car oh you do like me keep
on the North yeah she kept honking the
horn she gave us a very strict itinerary
to be in the car by 11:45 10:45 its 1102
why you I was now relating it and I got
see you sent me the wrong itinerary I'm
on California time that's my excuse
alright here we go you ready Tut's yeah
what do you guys think of Jason a bit
weird maybe some of these people have
never seen me shaved 12 years ago today
that's how I met you so I look like it
is your anniversary today yep every
anniversary of our first but very first
date first date
good times you are scared Chad I was
nervous I had never already been nervous
about nervous today I remember you being
nervous with Colette I am you were like
to tradition I would guess show her this
I've never been shy with anybody so I
thought that's how he was shy and then
of course your friend derp like no
shaggy so wild and crazy you're like
just like no he's not oh man yes so cute
cause he broke a mic you all right are
you saying I'm gonna marry this girl and
if I take my little brother show that'll
impress her thank you
I didn't want to take Logan I was like I
don't have to take a look don't want to
take me oh that's my first time I ever
went boating in well it's Jean the big
brother I didn't I was like what if he
embarrasses me what if he says something
T embarrasses you know stressing man I
was stressing and out of the rest of
your life you've been embarrassing him
it's true hello Jo tables have turned
but the little did I know that Colette
thought it was so sweet that I brought
my little brother that it got me points
and that's why she married me went
boating yeah I won't wakeboarding and
then we went to subway and ate lunch
afterwards big spender I take my ladies
out nice all right we are here at the
Brigham City temple quite the structures
getting some awesome pictures instant
pictures looking handsome my friend
thanks brother
there it is it's beautiful it's a
beautiful temple here and my grandma and
grandpa work here in this temple it's
gonna be fun cuz they're gonna be here
grandpa
looking handsome mami tarde looking
pregnant and handsome you're so handsome
I love you I can't sneeze Everman loves
very presentable so she taught former
guys
Logan possibly just took Nicole's
picture ever I can't really see it cuz I
wasn't in it
oh snap mom that was a good one alright
and now we're done the Sun has gone down
and Logan still looking handsome which
thank dick Wow move in
hey beautiful grandma gave you a new
baby blanket what do you have a new baby
coming or something well Darwin thinks
it's a basketball but I think it might
be baby I guess we'll find out was the
glorious day a really cool opportunity
be with my little brother Logan on a
very momentous occasion for him in his
life grateful that I have a wife to be
here with me in that moment in life now
we are going to get some nourishment for
our bodies very fine fine food we are at
a very famous place in Brigham City Utah
called Mattox check out the sign anytime
your sign rotates and has lights on it
you know you're about to experience some
fine dining my friends bring you outside
saute that thanks bro for the heads up
these guys say they have fresh heavenly
homemade rolls oh you got a Lisa it's my
mom's sister you wonder where I get it
bro Lisa I remember a time I scared you
and Darwin really bad when we were
camping and you guys were walking home
from the campfire and there was like
this little water spigot and I hid I'm
like I'm gonna get him so good I jumped
out of her Darwin said you sort of oh
yeah yeah those Longhorns babe wait hold
still let's get back stand right there
start there Oh giddy up giddy up your
long horn your Longhorns just have horns
yes burns is grandpa Karl Karl Grampa
let's eat
celebratin Logan leaving for two years
Logan leaving or sending into South
America happy shopping
well we're all happy when it's our race
the flower at the table put in your
mouth Soviet soldiers never know
nowadays it's so good the surge
appreciated now we're at Walley world
buying some presents stuff babies we
have awesome babies for my cousin my
cousin had a baby small bite-size stuff
five sleep stuff you know going back to
talking about religion and God I always
hear the negative comments as I'm
vlogging as I'm talking I'm reading the
negative comments in my head and I know
there's so many of you that tell me not
to do that and that I should just talk
about it openly and feel free to talk
about that what I'm gonna say is don't
you sometimes get sick and tired of
talking about the stuff that you always
talk about every day you know what I
mean just like the regular stuff work
and school like it's exciting to me to
talk about these things to speculate on
what do you think will happen after a
die where will we go what will it be
like what will heaven be like you know
we still kiss in heaven yeah I hope so
I didn't have oh that's a good line so
today we had that perspective
calibration at the temple dad
tell us about what happens after we die
you can't some videos you can watch
anyways we are gonna do podcasts the
podcasts were coming back and I actually
do want to like delve into this more
because this is a very one-way
conversation like I'm like spitting
stuff at you and you guys can't converse
I mean you can you can leave comments
but I would prefer and I've seen this in
the comments and tweets it would be
great to just be able to sit down
one-on-one and have a religious
conversation you know in an open
environment where there's no like well
I'm right you're wrong kind of like
mentality and attitude but just to be
able to sit down
have that open dialogue and like you
know go back and forth say what do you
think well this is what we think and
this is why oh that's interesting I
never thought of it that way and you
know I know judging being brewed to to
attitude so I'm hoping that we can do
that in the podcast and we are gonna
bring the podcast back now that the kids
are back in school get back on a
schedule and well we have another baby
coming that's gonna hinder the
podcast yeah
freaking baby a little bit always get in
the way of everything so we definitely
will do it for a few months until it has
the baby and that might slow down the
podcast process because we have another
mouth to feed and deal with well can we
get a few podcasts in before that baby
pops out can you believe we're having
another baby
um no going back to that well I talked
about how we live we believe that we
lived in the premortal life we believe
that the spirit of this little boy is
waiting to come down to this earth right
now he's looking down on us hey buddy
coming into a crazy family and he knows
he knows the family that he's coming to
think of that he's up there right now
smiling down on the Shaytards thinking
that's my family that's the that's the
mission I've been called to just as
Logan is going on the mission he's
coming down to a mortal mission here on
this earth imagine that what do you
think of us I like to think sometimes
that maybe like he's with your mom
Graham my grandpa yeah their ancestors
that we don't really know that is passed
on yeah that love us and war trust
can you imagine they're like the Guf
he's getting from all the other people
in the premortal existence like oh
you're going down to the butler's yeah
I've seen some of their videos good luck
at that he's getting extra cartilage in
a snack and brain area because he knows
that I'll be throwing him around a lot I
love you buddy
is that crazy some of you're like this
is crazy talk shape what if it's true
isn't
to think about stuff like that why not
why not be able to discuss these things
in an open honest way without getting
pissed off and judgmental and a CAC use
it to better work you don't know but I
enjoy talking about stuff like that
because to me that stuff that matters
that stuff that is exciting to me to
talk about not just like the regular old
what are you gonna do when you grow up
but what are you doing going to school
like when you see people you haven't
seen in a long time it's like what
you've been up to
it's always the same old like uh going
to school or bah blah blah I want to
talk about like we believe in where are
we going as a species I want to live my
life in a manner that I think about my
actions now in a hundred years from now
I want to do things it's like in a
hundred years from right now what will I
actually care about what will I be
worried about in a hundred years from
now well I'd be worried about something
I said 100 does it make sense so makes
sense think about that in a hundred
years from right now
what will you worry about you will worry
about a lot less than you worry about
right now things that you think are a
big deal and like a you know like a big
like stress for you in a hundred years
from now you won't care about that thing
that you're stressed out about that's
the stuff I want to talk about you know
I'm saying I make sense we had I sure
love you I talk about how much I love
those blue dishes you're not gonna care
about those new dishes in a hundred
years from those are cute I like these
ones
I definitely like those in 100 years so
we're back from the temple and I'm
cleaning up Zeek P he's being a bad boy
and peeing on the deck
I guess you can't blame him the first
six months of his life that's where he
peed on the back deck of our apartment
so we probably sees a dekins like oh
that's where I'm supposed to go the
bathroom I guess in conclusion today's
vlog about religion and stuff you got to
find out what's best for you don't take
my word for it if you disagree with the
teachings of my church or my beliefs
that's okay I don't hate you
I still love you and I still accept you
for who you are which right that's just
like a given that's how we should all be
with each other we should all love one
another regardless and
additionally and I guess the point is
find what's right for you find out what
fits best in your life but be willing to
ask yourself those questions those tough
questions that may be unanswerable in
this life and I'm sure I didn't say all
the right things are the things that I
wanted to say but I just wanted to open
up the dialogue some of you have
questions I would love to talk about it
and I think maybe the podcast would be
the perfect place so be watching for
that coming soon we'll do more podcast
if you guys do have questions about what
we flav or stuff like that leave in the
comments below
we'll have a chat about it I just really
want to change the perception of any
time you talk about religion or anything
like that it has to turn into a giant
fight I really genuinely believe that we
can have an open conversation about
these things without getting all upset
and angry at each other I really believe
that we can do that please prove me
right it'll be nice in the comments
because you're always going to have
disagreements people have different
ideas and different beliefs and that is
fine that's what makes this life
beautiful let's embrace that and just
openly talk about these things with each
other I don't know is that too much to
hope for
I hope not I'll help you guys we'll see
you tomorrow like always
