one shoe he's at Timur ah baby baby
tongue looking cute always keeping it
crazy
princess card always knows how to ham it
up got a hair cut short got a glam it up
son Todd well he's got that swag
he's a reader and a rock star sorry Greg
Shane Katie black at the head of the
shaped our star family and friends that
are the cha every day I'm watching the
shade parts wash air watching the
Shaytards
for the Shaytards log an adventure every
day so come on
cards
for the shape arts law an adventure
every day so
all right baby tried what are we doing
pick an apple from apple tree and I love
it because the the red ones are really
sweet but we don't know what kind of
apples they are is that a good one and
you get it you could ask your cousin
Marissa to help me
yes she's taller than me nice you like
the green ones yeah I like the red ones
more are the ones that are green but
have a little red on them because
they're sweet all right these boys are
gonna help me get the ones off of that
web right there see how they're all red
you gotta get closer dude there's pretty
though I want an apple tree someday I
want to have a Honeycrisp apple tree
because those are the best apples I've
ever tasted
for now we'll deal with this tree and I
don't even know what kind they are do
this look like that nope they're just
apples I guess that Apple's an apple
what well I thought these are apples
apples I know right
green uncle Shea yeah oh my this looks
like a beautiful family I wish I was the
father of such a crew
oh where we going Logan give us some
flex and bro let's grill okey-dokey
there comes the pregnant chick there
comes the Stripes chick
your strengths unlike chick no striped
stripper howdy Carl how's it going okay
Shaytards trivia we are going to a
restaurant that we go to every time
we're in town
it's where Colette worked when we
started dating she worked here for five
years and it's most delicious please go
put in the comments below you know I'm
not gonna tell you if you know where
we're going right now put it in the
comments in fact one of the very first
times after first date huh we told the
story million times after Labor Day
today's her anniversary
how many years eleven twelve twelve
years first date Logan was buried how
are you and so after we were done
wakeboarding that night we came and
Colette was working here as a waitress I
brought Carly and some of my friends 13
we sat in that table I was like it's
gotta be here because she was like this
cute little blonde chick who is using my
sister to make Colette jealous like hey
look I got a hot chick my 13 year old
sister and her hair was pulled up like
that girl on our brand-new okay this is
boring who cares about what she was
wearing
I remember that when we first started
dating Colette didn't look like the girl
off of Pearl Harbor and I would always
go watch the trailer - the Pearl Harbor
movie and
long bay because I would just like watch
that trailer over and over and think I
wish I could marry her hey where's that
song hey what was the Pearl Harbor song
in the trailer remember I always sing it
remember oh look it enough all right
we're here oh yes please thank you any
establishment that brings you free food
before you order it's my kind of
establishment caution war is toddler
it's good for the blog
oh don't drop that don't drop it
what just happens
what a good cousin give them a hat sorry
nice hat bro you just walk around
wherever they spill something on the
floor okay super fitted image I want
some minestrone want some of this room
you can't handle this okay look at the
bog I love that sound when you're
playing for kids ball okay you guys you
guys wait in here you'd be good okay
they don't make me come in after you
guys
nominate Logan in the racquetball
precision precision timing hello okay
you guys short vlog today we are taking
Logan to the temple in Brigham City Utah
a lot of you might not know what that
means but tomorrow I will explain it all
tomorrow is gonna be a very different
vlog I am it's early in the morning
right now it's like 9 o'clock and we
have a full day ahead of us and Carly's
come in to watch all the kids and me and
mom and Colette and Logan are headed
down to Utah so I'll tell you all about
it tomorrow but I had to get this vlog
up early or else we're just gonna have
to do a one take later today so I just
wanted at least get some of this footage
up because I love you and I want you
guys to see what we did yesterday cuz
that's what we do so we will see you
tomorrow thanks for being here
and it's an exciting day it's one of
those like life moments for Logan
because he's getting ready to go on his
mission and this is one of the steps
that you take and the progress of
preparing to serve a mission for our
church but like I said I will tell you
all about it tomorrow it should be a
very different type of Shaytards vlog so
click on yesterday's vlog see we're
doing one two three and four years ago
click on the feeling lucky button don't
forget to thumbs up and be happy and
smile right now do it smile
sit up straight take a deep breath smile
and say to yourself today is gonna be a
great day and then it will be love you
guys see you tomorrow
