all righty we are on the very top of is
that you're gonna go Vince I'm gonna try
you hooked on there good crap all doing
a zip line there those sons are chasing
after him
nice okay we are on top of a zip line
today ladies and gentlemen who's next
pretty shark get your butt up here climb
that ladder but to start you ready hold
on tight dude because there's like no
harness or no safety device your safety
device are your two little hands okay
you got a hold on tight so with this
little part well it's not really a park
it's like some guys backyard and there's
all these swings and zip lines and
trampolines and basketball hoops and
volleyball courts and all kinds of stuff
playing on and get hurt on all right you
ready so what yeah you sit on that see
that board you just wrap your legs
around there and sit on it you ready
okay hold on tight that's my best advice
yeah
you ready it's pretty high we're like 20
feet off the ground one two four discard
the daring she's the first kid to try to
test it out there she goes down the
zipline okay that's a good 100 200 feet
I know you look super cool okay none of
that okay one of you guys is gonna give
me a heart attack weather do for you
rude she's done tougher stuff than that
I know still gives me this is like to
hurt himself on okay no exactly
I don't think it matters either way
you're not a ladder person well you are
a person on the ladder so you better
figure out how to be a lot of persons
yeah look how high you are up dude are
you scared
that's a pretty high drop how you gonna
do the zipline are you a zipline person
okay you ready
grab onto that sit on that piece of wood
and hold on for dear life
you ready come on do this you
second-guessing it you get it are you
nervous dude yeah just getting just a
minute job come help you get on the
swing man getting on a swing was a
little more just hang on I was first one
man good job
oh my lupus Magoo fits you sure you're
gonna do this you're such a daring
little girl you sure you have your
brand-new sparkly shirt on all right you
got a hold on tight and listen there's
one rule on this thing you know what
that is you have to scream the entire
time hey get on that get on the Box down
up there baby turn I only hear you
screaming like a madwoman all right
ready goes I don't hear you screaming
there's a river right there I wish it
went over the river we do a little feet
dipping that'd be nice
and here's how we get those zip line
back you have to run it back good job
okay
I think it's daddy tarts turn now I'm
gonna scream like a little girl
stop who's nervous
I was about to bail on that thing oh she
got got her hey waddle on over here to
pick up your belly just grab it and pick
it up just carry it over here you have a
little human person inside of you a
little extra mommy on you whoa let's get
flying everywhere okay we're gonna
attempt to get a baby card zipline
picture here don't mess it up let's go
baby tard yeah it's gonna be a little
bit lower because of the weight here she
comes
smile baby turn
did you get a good one is it tweetable
yeah that's cute I'll tweet it follow me
on Twitter and Instagram and Tumblr and
Facebook and YouTube and LinkedIn and
everything and tumblr and okay here
comes Colette's brother Adam skateboard
enthusiast ziplining it all down kid
scary you feel like you're gonna smash
into that tree to infinity and beyond
don't hit the tree those think you're
gonna tell you oh it's getting crazy now
they're they're requesting to stop
we're not stop until we see vomit we got
to see lunch being thrown up honestly
princes started here Oh Oh Oh careful
that's one way to rip an arm off all
right son tired you ready ready as I'll
ever be
this is like the rickety he's metal that
we found that's in the shape of this
like dude you're on Apollo 14 Houston I
think we have some upchuck lean your
head back dude hey baby tired Prince
assured I'm gonna get you two on there
and spin you like a blender all right
you guys we going fast
nice knowing you bro brat you have not
done your job as the operator of that
tell the kids are screaming bloody
murder all right you ready for this you
ready for this baby tard
you ready yeah lean your head back
against there hold on tight all right
brat let her fly so yeah I've already
back up with the big boys in here this
thing will break off the hinges and go
rolling into the river
hey you surely not sick yet again one
more time come here I'm about to make a
bad decision come film me making a bad
decision no Sameer okay yeah make up
daddy Stephanie I'm over here good boy
here said I'm right here by my feet like
a large man over top of me
I would be begging to stop
okay I'm mad throw up now can you guys
stop
now you gotta jump out and run that is a
barbaric way to have mustard I'm still
making my sandwich it's not me they say
he's gonna get going so high he's gonna
jump into the canal that's over there oh
that's a river with jumping in rivers is
not a good idea it's time for a weenie
roast this is the best part of camping
in the backyard
no roasting hot dogs is always fun but a
little bit dangerous how are you doing
are you sick from all the spinning today
good if you still are spinning will get
me every time good job penny
are you gonna eat your hot dog no that's
the point silly one part of Rosa Oh
better get my I'm gonna burn what are
you guys doing over here
let's hear it I mean I scream young lady
I'm eating maybe Apple you're eating an
apple off the cheese fresh apples off
the tree that's pretty cool that's a
pretty good teenage girl impression my
friend I like it that's weird because
he's your brother just so you guys know
nice beard where's your phone
one of your bucket
I'm
my fault
I know
we got a dancer over here this dancer
that's a good go back get over here
dance
yeah yeah that's my girl
nice ready
dan to pay it
I'll soon be three
your earthly trials my body beneath the
song I'll drop this trouble
salty Nile and I'll call singing home
too
I know it
baby tarts
come here dance beatbox are you beatbox
under this song yeah that our app baby
card we had a beatboxer and a dancer
flashlight here we go one get your
flashlight you find your flashlight
where's the flashlight out where'd you
put it is it in the bag yeah I did you
find it I think I saw it on the grass
dude is it in there that's the lotion
where'd it go there it is right right
over there but your sister's bag right
there see it yeah what's up dude dude
that would be so cool alright you some
of you would like the oh my goodness
that was great thanks for the
opportunity bro okay you guys go outside
you windows are you encouraging this
weird Cyclops man I'm gonna wait hold on
guys it's gonna blink Oh
roll I owed you find yours this is your
 here dude look that's yours right
is this yours there that's your freshly
there you go
alright everybody got their flashlight
interesting children asleep
good mommy tarde get back here some good
memories I bet we watch that vlog in
five years from now and smile from ear
to ear because we got two of them one on
each side of our head so to you oh man I
just offended people at f1 year
I'm sorry you guys I apologize if you
only have one ear I'm such an
inconsiderate jerk check out yesterday's
one take Sunday it's a dandy click on
the feeling lucky button I think we'll
just link the viral video my goodness
gracious we're almost at three million
views it's getting steamed it's picking
up momentum it's like the third million
views is like faster than we got the
four second channel is just crazy
it's just crazy well we love you guys we
appreciate you watching any of our
videos we have like 1,800 1,700 alone on
the Shaytards channel if you don't want
to see what we were doing exactly on
this day four years ago that's right you
can go see what our family was doing
exactly four years ago today that's how
this end slate works see that four see
it the big number four click on it how
about three years ago two years ago what
were the Shaytards do it last year today
click on the number one and you'll find
out love you guys we will see you ma√±ana
