look at that Idaho sky my bro away my I
was gonna call you my brother you're my
boy not pretty
say yeah dad that's gorgeous that's
gorgeous sky isn't it
hello oh hi welcome to our life again
you're here every day good to see you
again
you sit right there I'm gonna make a
vlog there's a cow that's the pasture
seals doggies the doggies over there
that's a cow dad hey one takes Sunday
shaycarl first I can't believe I will
take Sunday sorry it's late I gotta be
honest I've been cheating on you guys
with my family we've been hanging out I
mean this guy he just took a nap he has
that groggy you know just woke up from a
nap kind of mood
I think he's doing better you better
buddy I love you okay so uh camping out
right now in the backyard of Colette's
parents house you guys knew that I told
you this and other over there singing so
I saw it in the comments or it was a
tweet somebody said can we have them
play or sing for us for one take Sunday
you wanna go swing okay guy give me kiss
first and say I love you dad hey what do
you think about your bow and arrow video
getting two million views you think he
thinks a puppy in a cow you see the
puppy in the cow do you have new bow and
arrow did you learn how to say bow and
arrow say bow and arrow so that video
has went crazy it's been posted
everywhere on Reddit on Facebook on the
popular page of vine apparently was on
some Australian TV show you guys were
tweeting me good day mate Australian no
I can't remember what it was the Today
Show in Australia did not expect it to
grow that fast
are you tired wanna play on the swing
okay say bye to these guys say bye guys
say love you sound picking my nose but I
don't eat it don't eat your boogers
that's just a little side note don't
ever eat your boogers it's so gross do
you eat your boogers flick em we're like
at least like Oh wipe them underneath
what are you doing are you doing you
crashing the party since the two party
crashers right here what do you guys
been up to
did you guys steal the girls purses you
weirdos leave the girls alone you guys I
keep hearing them scream and have to
come over and give you guys knuckle
sandwiches you want want give you one
right now pop-tarts licking my knuckle
sandwich I'll give you a knuckle
sandwich so all the cousins are playing
together and of course these two boys
are like beating up the girls and taking
their purses and ride around while
you're still on their goods and services
their jewelry okay let's go here
Malmsteen walk by and stole it pussy mom
you see mom thing you still still in the
grumpy mood okay come on told you he's
and I just woke up from a nap mood he
was being sweet over there okay let's go
here moms you ready to perform what are
you gonna perform for us
we kind of want to save it really
special meaningful song to our family
well with Abraham for us I've been
practicing is Wendy Varney harnessing I
like that one you're doing
yeah that's a good one I got a whole van
like I got a face set a cello where's
that what would win its respect I knew
that I just tested their musical
knowledge Callie more music come on
don't play me clarinets that's a
woodwind that's an actual website
Bandcamp it's one time at band camp see
somebody was smart oh where can you find
your album at Kelly give yourself a
shout out check it out it's great okay
now sing a song called son tired was
doing a car or he was doing all right
these guys are getting warmed up let's
play the cello which is not in the
woodwind family
choreography got some different styles
of choreography going on
my
I'm on the go
beautiful where you sleep dude want to
see our this is our tent hey guys this
is where hope ends sleeping oh it's a
mess it's a mess we've been in and out
doing activities dinners and when played
yesterday hey babe you sounded great
he found his that's it huh they're doing
this one that one's broken dude oh well
he's got that I just woke up from a nap
grumpy attitude which is better yours
okay bye guys
thanks for coming sorry it's crazy all
over the place there's just kids and
parties and
family everywhere it's like crap you
wanna take Sunday I don't know what are
we doing okay what take Sunday we love
you guys do you have anything to say
about the video going viral
it was so Larry that was one of those
moments that we would have shared anyway
anybody what's the matter come on mommy
hold you I said any person that watch
that video if they had a little niece or
nephew or a cousin or a brother or
sister if they were at a family reunion
they'd be like oh you wouldn't believe
what jr. said and they would tell that
story and everybody would laugh we just
had it on camera and we figured we'd
share it with the world I I tweeted this
because I knew people would bring it up
but it really genuinely makes me feel
happy to think of like all of the smiles
of that food IDEO brought around the
world
many people through their head back and
laugh because of that video I think it's
good to bring smiles to people's faces
bring it on the defaults I say to these
many thoughts about things if we can
bring a smile to your mouth then we've
done our job
we'll see you tomorrow we love you so
much mwah
