ready for that you are now watching the
Shaytards follow along
because
every day
I'm walking here it's got Marnie or up
not hold on you miss her dirty that's
better
we are on our way to the dentist again
and I know what you guys are thinking
why are we on our vacation for Labor Day
and we're going to the dentist right are
you thinking that baby hard thumb thumb
well I'll tell you my experience because
I've realized that the dentist's in
California they charge like three times
more than the dentist here in Idaho plus
I already know the dentist here and I
really like them so we make it work
whenever we come down that's when we
schedule our dental appointments oh yay
kids were born Idaho for vacation and
you get to go get your teeth done if you
love it well maybe not but you know what
you're gonna look at a toy do you always
get a toy so that's the positive thing
right let's go to the dentist and get a
toy teeth town yes we're going to tooth
down here we go because now we're
reading that's for waiting for Princess
hard what what you doing okay
show us your outfit that grandma gave
you in the movies above hey we can only
see half of it so sparkly I love it
give this a little little fashion
shuffle
oh that's cute okay which book are we
reading are you my mother
oh I love this one I remember this one
too like a thousand times
oh you win the book-reading okay we'll
read it again do you guys remember that
as a kid you would find like some of
your favorite books and you would help
them read over and over and over again
doesn't even matter how many times it
was still a great book well this is one
of them a mother bird sat on her egg the
egg jumped oh oh said the mother bird my
baby will be here he will want to eat I
wish my baby would jump jump baby Jim
wouldn't that be weird if I had to sit
on the egg to have my baby I have to sit
on the egg all day you'd have to bring
me food would you bring me food would
you sit on the egg for me yeah what if
we had movies to watch and candy to you
while we did it then would you sit on
the egg for me okay okay honey how did
you do
can you smile for me you're so cute she
says my cheeks are vet the funny thing
is they don't look fat but they
definitely feel fat and then when you
smile you can tell did it hurt
good you are such a good sport good job
now we're not going to get any more
sugar and we'll brush our teeth 70 times
a day and that will never happen again
right that's the idea at least twice a
day hi Beth
so it's time for our annual Labor Day
campout and this is what she is doing
because he's such a sweetheart
I wasn't I'm sorry I'm sorry Shane
really I can't believe this stupid
family drugged me along with no stupid
camp oh they expect me to work under
these conditions
Shane I really like your new glasses oh
the other ones are in their cleaners
they had to get cleaned take away now
dude Shane does not like people well
this will feed you okay
ha ha you buggers let's go see how the
kids are doing hey Rach gosh
what'd you find or did you find the
neighbor's puppy you wish we had a
little puppy - we have a big puppy huh
rock card put a hole in his other shirt
so he had to change shirt I've got his
skeletons on cool all right
grandpa's be my sweetheart and letting
these kids play on the branch because
apparently is gonna cut it off anyway be
careful
I want to go high okay I'm trying mom
I'm not as good at this as dad is should
i get dad out here you should get dad
out here huh yes I am did you not know I
have having a baby it's gonna be a baby
boy yeah baby boo another falling oh I
love that oh what's not happening about
it's just a rose boy I'll get rid of it
in a couple months
baby baby boy oh I feel like one you
guys are gonna get catapulted - I know
it's like totally just bending I'm
waiting for one of them to get
catapulted I love you hey guys blog 102
minutes or at one percent straights me
more so to get I'm pushing you high hold
on
kick you in the face dad let me give you
under coughing whoa careful daddy he's
crazy right so one of our brothers
couldn't be here but Deborah made him a
cake
cuz she's an excellent cake baker and so
we're gonna sing happy birthday to him
over the phone and then he eats cake fun
two three two
by Jesus he knows he doesn't have a
chance
oh yeah my god what do you think you're
doing you think that piece is yours it's
not we gotta wait for aunt Debra to cut
it I think uh rockhard is gonna help you
okay watch out let's watch her cut the
cake
Oh baby homemade amazing cake friend
every eight taillights myself oh really
this is exciting you're such a good
helper - yeah like right there it's it's
not a square dad taught you that the
square to me this is a circle hmm I mean
it is a triangle mmm yummy huh it's a
circle and that is that Oh No okay going
to smash the frosting min-soo xiaochun
Mickey in the middle that's awesome a
giant giant chocolate you okay
here we go I mean oh there the cake is a
lie
hey guys short vlog today here's the
situation we are in Colette's parents
backyard for the 3rd annual crops family
campout that's right we are camping in a
backyard but there's so many of us and
we have so many kids I think I counted
386 kids run around here yesterday we
all just get together have some food and
camp have fires s'mores tell stories
watch movies and just enjoy one
another's company and the best thing
about this campout awake no reverse that
switch it the worst thing is the
Internet it took me three and a half
hours to upload yesterday's vlog so I'm
sorry
today's a short one tomorrow we'll have
a one-take Sunday and then we back on
track like usual on Monday so crazy
thing happened yesterday Bret the intern
hey tailed me so hey dude he's like
you've got to take out that little bone
arrow clip from yesterday's vlog and
upload that by itself he said that thing
will go viral for sure and I was like
yeah I figured it would but I'm like I
don't know I don't want to like push it
too far he's like dude it's so funny you
got it so last night I uploaded that
little clip onto the shaycarl channel I
woke up this morning and it had 200,000
views on it and I was like oh my heck I
can't believe has that many views on it
already I tweeted it put it on Facebook
and then before you know it it was on
the front page of Reddit
it's like going viral on Facebook and
now less than 24 hours later as over
600,000 views holy crap monkeys pardon
my language so if you haven't seen it I
believe a link below go check out the
you guys have all seen it because you
guys are all watched but what I was
gonna say is there's a lot of new people
here at the Shaytards vlog so be nice to
them in the comments they haven't been
here for the previous 1,600 videos
introduce yourself
make some friends and welcome all the
new Shaytards the family is growing
bigger we love you guys and like always
we will see you tomorrow
