hi I'm logging here Idaho Idaho welcome
to Idaho good morning
it is early little mr. Rock tart has an
appointment with the dental surgeon
today Colette has an appointment with
hotness this morning no I don't I have
an appointment with the back of my
eyelids it's 6:00 a.m. we got here last
night at 2:00 got in bed about 2:30
about three and a half four hours of
sleep let's do this
you can't bring your boner with you dude
you got to leave it here okay no boners
allowed in the dental office sorry all
right buddy you ready for this I love
you you're so adorable you're so cute so
I woke him up this morning and carried
him out to the van I said you want one
of the dentist he's like yeah you're so
precious
boasting toys go ahead yeah play with
the mom side in the end you can put some
toys while we wait what he got in there
was treasure chest of goodies quack if
you can plant them so I'm kind of I just
uh nervous they have to put him under
because he has six cavities because he's
so young they don't hear that they can
do the six cavities while he's awake so
they have to like give him sedation and
put him asleep so at that surgery
centers
Oh
putting together a Care Bear puzzle wall
hey did you know that they're gonna
start playing Care Bears on cartoonian
no our shady areas catered Care Bears
rotary-wing Care Bear stare they're
playing characters and strawberry
shortcake
those are two sewing paper if you were
born in the 80s like me go watch cartoon
because they're gonna have Care Bears
ants Robert oh and you know what else is
on their target let's do here's a corner
piece you I put this over here my love
we have for you good job was over I did
last piece ass piece nailed it ah good
job buddy we did it
not bad for 6:00 in the morning I'm
proud of you look at that we did it it's
not expired let's see that puzzle daddy
and rock are put together to care their
puzzle good job be fine man what an
honor to do a Care Bear puzzle with you
at 6:00 a.m. there we go going to
surgery all right
sure take this off job dude
Hey
see you today all right what would it be
like mommy tard not as cool that was
cool though we will have that later but
then we'll stop cranky maybe
all right so Rock chart is in there
getting his teeth dead and now we wait
and read magazines yeah thank you
he's like shaking his head let's go your
teeth fixed good job feel better
like I just sleep some more I am doing
so cute okay thank you
oh it's warm fresh on dryer is rub my
feet - no come down Oh
rivers no man you got some cool clothes
on like Michael Jackson
all right we are home grandpa how's your
knee
let's see it knees up that's good just
flowing up
oh yeah that's karotz a nice scar how's
it feel that's good
you guys look I came home last night
look what I see on my mom's counter
Windex touch-up cleaner is hilarious
that's hilarious
oh man I haven't used one of these since
I shot the video oh it works perfectly
hi I am young pancakes
yeah pancakes tell grandpa thanks for
the pancakes say thanks for the cakes
Gramps
thanks for the crab cakes say thanks
Gramps yeah juice wake up you can't be
funny and cute when you just woke up BQ
hmm one thing that always happens
whenever we eat pancakes or anything
with syrup if it ends up right here in
her hair should I have that one okay I
guess I wear it and work shove your I
was editing yesterday's vlog when I was
in the back of the van like oh I'm
getting a little gut I just run and
exercise I've been exercising I just
need to eat better su4 sir what happened
that's syrup got spilled on my pancake
Oh we'll talk about it later Shay
tempers coming we're gonna call it shred
timber this is my favorite part about
coming down hanging out with my girls
you look beautiful
so I'm getting a pedicure because it's
been like months since I've done my
nails because I can't reach anymore I
can't get to my toes
so I just keep looking at them going
yeah that needs
that's not getting memo so I love
pedicures when I'm pregnant
it's July don't say anything yeah don't
say no I haven't had the same neutona
polish on since July
now I'm getting gas almost forgot to
show you guys my toes check it now check
it it out those are my toes yes it was
much better than they did and it is true
I haven't had something done it's like
July
look at this weather here in Idaho is
good like it just rained and just
like down for it was almost like North
Carolina rain wears down sport downs
pours its talents boys and then it just
like floods and then it stops after
about two minutes it's always a little
bit embarrassing because my legs
honestly my left leg looks horrible
there's varicose veins all over and the
girl that was doing my clothes it's like
what happens and I'm just like um veins
should I show you guys you want to see
them I'll show you a little bit okay
okay
I don't really want to show you let me
show you okay look at that yeah they're
pretty girls and they're getting worse
because the bigger and heavier I get the
more pressure is put on them so they get
worse and worse and worse until right
after I have the baby and then within a
couple days then they go down a lot but
right now it's kind of like rare what
happened to your leg but it's just one
of those things that is part of being a
mom and part of bearing children and I'm
grateful to be able to do it so I'm not
going to complain but yeah it's kind of
embarrassing oh well we just for Grandma
come on home with ten luteum and I can't
get down with
hey Sami come home and they go grandma
is up in the washroom
grandma oh so pretty honest I'm sorry
your Godfather is clobbering your mother
right Zeek okay pandemonium's right now
come on in we want to say hi to Grandma
- you're driving Sakura great oh great
we my ears like a fridge oh my god
that's a crown love it I thought that
I'm putting in this enemy so baby tour
special rights to the name she's excited
oh my goodness
what LBI - well let's see those look
like buttons hair thing homes right now
I'll give her a big one in the case
oh yeah climb climb on fly you climb on
these counters cuz I install them we
love how our family's good phrases yeah
I really like this nail polish
hi
Jackie oh my goodness you I want to
review the footage now Carly help me
pick which thumbnail do you like better
that one really yeah princess starts to
the other one Hey I don't have a gonna
subscribers oh maybe I shouldn't tell
you what you don't know hey watch this
part about rock card show you this Oh
Carly
we should not have perpetuate your fall
I mean I'm sorry to parents who have
kids who watch our videos we have to
teach our kids about sex ed and that's
part of our life so yesterday we had to
explain to sunt are the princess hard
because they didn't get why we were
laughing and we told what I said
I said should we say lish no you didn't
tell him I leave it up you you pair it
out we did we informed them yesterday of
what it was that rock guard was saying
okay I'm pretty sure I learned really
yeah what did you learn what for my
sisters
I tell you yeah what they say you do it
that is well because they used to tease
my brother and call him one they call
him that yes
you're a really yeah and you didn't know
what it was but of course my mom put the
kibosh on that she's like quit saying
that there are fewer that are not
allowed in this house and it's shut up
and Butthead and now a boner yeah shut
up you Butthead boner I'll be off-limits
crystal okay but it still goes our kids
can't say any of those things unless
running through the house ain't I got a
boner unless it's for comedy kids cut
all this out say anything for comedy
what do you see there buddy boy
so your first kitty cat do they're
dangerous animals be careful they'll
make you allergic
they are very itchy peep specimen yes I
Vicky how are you oh you want to be in
the vlog I'm gonna be on a Shaytards
long go get my kiss rocked art he'd give
the kitty kisses don't kiss his butt
kiss his nose kiss his nose good kitty
you like so let's get Zeke out of the
van and see what he thinks of him we
should we're gonna get some ice cream
because it's good for you it has
vitamins and nutrients and it's good for
your soul downside dude that was fast
well how did you get you don't even know
you start scooping it in your mouth you
see whatever you get do this ice cream
shop has a lot of views on it can I get
a regular cup blueberry cheesecake
that's just good that's how I'm going
yeah I think I might get that too what
do you get I haven't decided yet
really dad I got really young Logan we
have to really hit it hard tomorrow bro
I'm going to go all out because Neil
isn't rid of these pictures to this
Micaela Campbell who's Micaela is that
your girlfriend I'm that one o'clock
along how'd you get what is that Lucy
hey yummy mmm that is yummy honey would
you get grandpa would you get
let's track grandma Thunder would you
get thank you that doesn't look
delicious
click on the annotation yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah
dick gonna video there's or more than
six options yeah okay we'll see you
tomorrow
we're campaign and you know that's
really slow sorry the videos might be
late I still love you
