are you smelling your toes no way down
is Valley where nobody goes there if you
wash your washer woman smelly you tell
Eva she washes smells you go
what's higher there's childr battles
back there dab some miso tied up to the
bed to the cell finish mat and nobody
likes Arab games and just has an overall
bad attitude we wanted out of here
I missed the best dance
I love you guys so much
he's like what the heck Oh sillies hire
is a good word yeah oh it is my children
they at home they're wonderful he's
actually getting the book oh you guys do
you guys remember giving these I
remember getting this when I was little
look he's so cool okay I told them they
can Circle three of their favorites
listen though guys you can't just pick
ones that come with toys you got to take
actual good but okay as a toy
healthiness yeah right hey Brock get up
the camera K all right for dinner we're
making spaghetti givius favorites you
guys so your favorite uh-huh uh-huh yeah
except it is another look so you should
probably not wear that shirt because
it's so cute and white
all right so spaghetti we're going to
cut up an onion and put it with some
meat so I'm gonna get an onion out all
right be careful dude I don't want you
to burn yourself okay yeah good job
we're using turkey burgers to make this
spaghetti we haven't had spaghetti for a
little while Teddy yeah
spaghetti we're gonna make some garlic
toast and some salad see Caesar salad
Wow
I hate spaghetti
great what is it Eddie Oh Eddie are you
smelling your toes way down is Valley
where nobody goes if you wash your
washer smelling that television smells
you go that's weird
all right let me help you stir the
spaghetti me yeah yeah we gotta put some
seasonings in there longer no she goes
to that color would she wash your
clothes or no your wish you wash her you
wish your washer what you put in there
look at it bug little bug it looks like
a pig is it a pig that's cute
hello how's it going welcome to girls
night or is this a daddy-daughter date
actually this is a daddy-daughter date
no boys allowed or only my daughters
sometimes it's a good thing to have just
hang out with your daughters and just
talk to them and show them that you love
them but look what they have made me
some hot chocolate
are we at a little cafe what's going on
at daddy-daughter day it's it's a tea
party except with hot chocolate no
chocolate
I love tea parties except for with hot
chocolate they're my favorite hey you
remember that video we made we did a tea
party video was on the moms view we
should do another one of those thousand
gypsies wasn't that funny why was it
embarrassing what did I do to embarrass
oh my gosh daddy
why did I not do to America that's what
you mantis that would be easier to
differentiate dude the fire what is that
glow in your face oh it's a heart candle
you had a great glow on your face Lucas
Magoo ffice all right so it's
daddy-daughter date night we're gonna
have a tea party except for hot
chocolate and what
these fancy little chocolate chips got
some little pink
what are these chocolate chips except
they're like different colors yeah
they're like peppermint white sprinkles
you all want to throw some of those in
my hot chocolate and so we're just gonna
chat and talk about how their days at
school were and if any boys are being
mean to them because if they are I will
chop their hands off just to begin haha
anyways we'll see you guys later just to
begin gonna chop off more than then oh
the magical blue piece I see you know I
told a via I would give her $100 if you
wait are you at any shame outdoor babies
early lead and I'm a little nervous I
hey what do I told you about betting
with the children they're smarter than I
you said I could bet under a hundred
next it out I'm so confident and I write
while I learn more keys did you already
show the decorations in here the girls
decorated ribbons did you just say a
dummy daughter date she messed up her
words okay yeah paper what are you high
but you jumped in to different babe you
better know Lou hey can I'm back baby
Lucky's a disciple no no he's trying to
distract her and this is that she's not
easily distractible when it comes to men
I'm gonna help you hey don't bump the
board do you get out here is an
important game on the line no respect
hmm
you guys all right you guys maybe you
got a little head of herself a little
caustic and I just saw a little
frustrated I just got to Pam is it my
turn you King me Jackson
did she was very fearful that she was
gonna beat me in my mind as I have to
pay her gone now I think I have her on
the ropes we're tired
yeah childr battles back there dad some
easily tied up to the bed to the selfish
brat nobody likes her of games and just
has an overall bad attitude we want him
out of here so my turn guys take me all
the way from our games I'm a hundred
hour game going here hey pal is it my
turn and there's a wrestling match going
on over there and a very important game
going on over here as he gets older and
stronger we're all gonna be here or not
often team up against years you're ten
years older than him come on you got to
dominate it
okay okay I'm restricting your betting
celebration oh my goodness
okay it's bedtime yo-yo well good night
everybody it's time
don't start betting your kids when they
get away I'll beat you Wow just put
money on it you know she'll love it
all right let's pray okay
relax
