hi login here walking down the low
hallways the planet that is of the
Hollywood oh wait now we're skipping mom
can't skip too much bouncing baby she is
this is baby tard a nice little walk
down to the store because one time for
his heart and I went to this door was
just hurting me so baby charged really
really request on the pillow by
ourselves so we're headed to the gift
shop and search of some little small
cheap morsels that we can recommend for
this morning and that was not constitute
no you don't need a martini baby card
seriously that was last night
shine for martinis was last night but we
love being here at Planet Hollywood it's
always a fun time we don't want to spend
extra money on breakfast so we're trying
to find something cheap and small
because we're not really boundary we
want to save room for lunch okay baby
tart has a baby in a basket your baby in
a basket her car seat my goodness oh
that's a doggie bed oh that's so cute
yeah it's a doggie bed wagon we got milk
and cereal so they can't have breakfast
stuff so fun she can that is so cute
we're not leaving with that just so you
know the Beatles
yeah it's go exes
all right how are we enjoying our lovely
breakfast you're standing on the edge of
a cap and I don't like it that yummy
yeah I love you haven't you won that
shirt four times in a row good good
okay do you like that shirt you like
your monster shirt
he loves it all right you guys ready to
go to Idaho got regular Idaho so man I
had a busy morning I got up at 9:00 and
it's 1:30 I've been uploading vlogs and
commenting and tweeting and facebooking
and it's to grabbing all morning long
thanks to collect she's been on the new
video commenting all morning also on the
windex video how many captures have you
had to put in oh my gosh after are you
comment so many times on your video it
was like every comment I had to do a
caption I was thinking they have this
strangest word right it made out there's
some weird words list of just capture
words they would make me laugh every
book of capture words so we're leaving
right now
we got the Windex video up we got the
vlog up now I have to go pick up Zeke
and then drive to Idaho did you guys
have fun so give them a tour of the
hotel room real quick what great ballet
the kids had a great time check this
view out look at these windows just
quite the window span over here is a
breakfast table huge windows is the
entire side of the hotel those windows
may be tired you have a good breakfast
it's a beautiful dress that was worn the
sound of music by what's her name Julie
Andrews as Maria Sun tard you sleep good
last night
good we got wet got that of a van last
night yeah we are in Vegas you gotta
find me then there's two chairs here
there's another dress the wet bar where
/ - started was dealing out drinks last
night and the bed
room where we slept there's Julia
Roberts and what's-his-name from Pretty
Woman all right we got to go let's get
on the road all right we are waiting for
our car to be valeted mommy tart is
looking beautiful as usual and we're
gonna pick up Ezekiel tard just a quick
trip here we're at the final Hollywood
the Internet is so fast here all right
we're going to get Malachi and I missed
oh shoot Zig ding it we're going to get
Zeke and I missed the turn so I had to
come in here to flip around
look at these two businesses that are
next to each other right here we have
the playground warehouse yay
fun for children of all ages and right
next to it we have the great and
spacious building Hollywood hustler I
think that may be the biggest strip club
I've ever seen in my life pole dancing
the hottest chicks in there oh that's
the worst
irony ever something is messed up
somebody was thinking about as a warrior
that strippers and playgrounds the kids
want to know why that's funny because
this is a playground store we all know
why kids love kids planned playgrounds
where girls dance naked that's ironic
because that's inappropriate right next
to a child's play area that's weird
so right before we left the hotel the
top comment on the new Windex video was
this is how you do brand deals and
product placement and I was like that
makes me feel so good those brand deals
are good for us because we're able to
one make good content that you guys like
and we're able to make money doing it
and so it's a dream come true we have
another one coming up so I want you guys
to be as positive on the next one we
have this one called the urban shredder
the center I told you about the other
day but there was a debate it's so good
I think it might be better than the
Windex one I better not say that because
the Windex people might hear me say that
be like why don't you make the Windex
look better but there was a big debate
in the Shaytards household whether we're
gonna bring the urban shredder or seek
with us on this trip because we couldn't
fit both and I told son tard they're the
urban shredder can wait at home in the
garage
yeah he needs a little bit more love
than that all right let's go get our
puppy Oh
oh right senior in high school boom Dave
Ramsey just send my name on the radio oh
he's reading tweets from you guys the
story is we used to pass no is reading
tweets from high schoolers about named
Ramsey and he deleted he read one this
is I wonder if shit we did somebody say
or you can listening to Dave Ramsey in
class right now I wonder if he knows to
shake Carl's nose or something like that
this would be for you anyways Dave
Ramsey just said my name is Inigo solid
straight like that oh cool thanks
between Dave Ramsey guys names for their
favorite country that's a good dad back
there
hey Murray sound kimchi Taylor Swift
sold 4 million copies were latest album
in the US alone
getting her certified quadruple platinum
album you're going to be a Taylor Swift
expert really I know everything about
tourists I mean you're the cutest dad
ever off the cutes dad ever girl well
you know most dads would like to sit and
read a Taylor Swift book with their
daughters oh you're pretty lucky good
thing I think Taylor Swift look at these
pictures
oh goodness road trips are always I love
you guys go get it crazy I think there's
like some sort of gaps with you back
into the back of the van because I feel
right
now we're gonna read a magazine about
Taylor Swift okay these are all the boys
she's dated Chirk Chirk scumbag loser
shirt yeah oh my goodness it smells like
Idaho skies we're still in Utah but it's
a farm like hay corn fresh air filling
smell love it love it I think I need it
just like once a month now let's run
come on Ezekiel let's get some blood
pumping in our legs okay daddy
I've been laying back in that van I'm
tired have you guys ever looked inside
of a semi-trailer I have never looked
inside how and seen how big these things
are I see one ice doors open oh it's
open oh hello you could fit a lot of
stuff in here holy crap what do you guys
think should we climb in here for the
fun of it hopefully the trucker's not
looking out here oh that's cool I've
never been inside the back of a semi
truck before have you bucket list
checked off five tip when you're on a
long road trip and you stopped to get
gas
just run go around the parking lot and
run as fast you can get those legs move
it makes the write a lot better come on
is it Yelp
you're getting one of those hi what is
your shopping huh interesting
do we ever show him your earrings are
you wearing well you're not wearing to
show them the earrings I bought for you
in Australia the manly jewelry in his
locker are too there a number I don't
think I like said anything no thumb but
if you guys will look back at some other
vlogs she's wearing what'swhat's this
Bob the scrub jewelry no that blue stuff
Oh turquoise I bought her some turquoise
earrings not jewelry no you can get one
of those one no you'll put the other one
back or I'll smack your face I'm getting
a bow and arrow I got my stuff hey hey
you need to pick one of those dude you
can only have one you can't get all we
gonna get back scratcher oh what'd you
get dude that's ordered oh cool
are you gonna shoot it you're gonna
shoot it what'd you get oh yeah okay
don't shoot it at your mom all right
that's my job
you take a one step too far all right
Trinity River Rock tower got a bow and
arrow
Oh three can I be the title of this
video
please
she's an innocent boy doesn't what you
get dark it's called a bow and arrow gay
bow and arrow yeah better it's a bow and
arrow do don't drive fire that thing you
have to have an arrow in it thank you
you're breaking archery rule number one
you have to have an arrow your grandpa
and your uncle case you'd be mad at you
that's number one rule you have to have
an arrow inside of it when you fire it
shoot it how I cheer how mom show you
how to shoot it taught me how to shoot
mine good stuff okay
watch see shoot it oh nice ja ha ha yeah
cool right here
would you get baby tard ya crappy corn I
hate candy corn it's the worst yeah
heavily be like that stuff that I shoot
it
Oh teach him how to shoot us I'm sorry
hey you can go crazy like I don't want
to shoot anything it just takes practice
you'll get it that's a memorable moment
though we will always always forever the
rest of our lives tell the story of how
rocked art called his bow and arrow
something else oh it's a memory it's a
cue memories so I made a few jokes at
the expense of his miss wording of his
new archery equipment
daddy's busted daddy's going too fast
I'll talk to you daddy's trying to get
home too fast okay I got to finally
ensure
we're not gonna die
we might get tased different tastes
howdy faster go on way too fast
open grab a license registration
insurance how to find all the
documentation we don't have it this
registration we're just headed back home
for Labor Day we live in California
right now we're from Pocatello okay
just had a long drive and trying to get
home too quick okay radar showed 95 when
I turned around 95 you're at 89 when you
pass that group of cars you finally got
going again so yeah they tired he'll be
back with you all right
thank you I wasn't going 95 maybe
because I was trying to pass that car
there I was having the cruise on like 84
yeah probably
you guys have bail money yeah we'll
probably just get a ticket that Daddy
will have to pay
that's me mad at me my trouble I was
dude you guys I
I did a horrible I have a warrant for my
arrest in Utah and we're in Utah I
didn't do something to them why you have
a wife all right yeah have you just
heard a lot of the blog's I didn't hide
a ticket like I was pulling this is like
seven years ago seven years ago I got a
ticket for pulling a granite trailer in
the wrong lane which I didn't even know
was a rule or a law I was working for a
place in Logan Utah working as a granite
laborer and I was pulling a trailer to a
job one time and apparently there's this
yeah the the job the place that I worked
out was gonna pay the ticket and then
they didn't because their insurance
wasn't going to cover it so then we
agreed that like I would split it and
then I just never paid it and so I got a
letter that said that I had a warrant
for my arrest in Utah so I've every time
that we've ever been driving through
Utah been like I better I get pulled
over because there's a warrant for my
arrest here and this is the first time
we're about to find out if that pops up
or not if I get arrested you're not
gonna get arrested for having an unpaid
ticket what I'm interested to see if he
says anything or do you easily I think
I'm a scumbag
you'll cry every day if I get arrested I
don't either
I definitely don't want to be arrested
see what half a society no you better
vlog it okay he teases me you lock it
don't tase me bro you guys don't take
the laws lightly though I am being a bad
example if you get a ticket you should
pay it you should always respect law
enforcement okay always also I want to
know what he thinks about my driver's
license picture I have never showed you
Shane
shows show my driver's license picture
right now alright your citation the
speed violation so my radar showed you
at 95 but some folks on the tip of that
that's crazy
he's trying to block me from getting a
ticket that was my favorite ride 95 to
75 I knocked it down in eighty five to
seventy five or even ten over well do
you need a signature there by signing
there's not admission guilt your states
will take care of either by paying a
fine or anything else was to go to court
alright II appreciate your honesty give
you a good break for that thank you I
appreciate it licenses are insurance
they're just make sure to get a copy of
the registration
it looks like it's due the end of this
month so yeah you can do almost it
anyways thank you alright be safe slow
down alright thanks appreciate it well
did get a ticket need to slow down I was
just getting anxious to get home because
we've been driving for eight hours
really nice guy you guys cops are good
guys they're there to help society I
know cops always get a bad rap is what
those stupid cops if you're just honest
and you're not trying to lie to cops
they will be nice to you every
interaction I've had with a police
officer when I'm honest be like yes
you're right I was going too fast or
yeah that light was probably too yellow
I should have stopped her I didn't fully
stop at the stop sign usually they're
not gonna pull you over if you didn't do
something wrong but if you try to like
no I wasn't going God when you try to
fight it it's like how many times do
they hear that like oh I would say
people try to fight and make excuses
don't do that life tip number two for
today's vlog be honest with cops and
they will be nice to you great guy I
will gladly pay that ninety dollar
ticket because
I was definitely going too fast anyway
great you should also be honest other
people masters yes honesty all around
Abraham Lincoln said it best honesty is
the best policy you never tell a lie
that you'll have to remember your
stories just tell what really happened
do what is right
may the comenta consequence follow with
sessom - what is right let the
consequence follow battle in freedom and
spirit and might what be sure to wear
your bow and arrow around your neck oh
he did he took it off Ruby you're so
cute
so I got to say going 95 miles an hour
is pretty irresponsible of me as a
parent that's not very safe there was
just like this heel and I was trying to
pass these two cars like this triple
lane I was trying to go around the
outside you heard the officer say I was
going 95 and then I slowed back down I
was going 85 though which is too fast
still and if you heard him talking about
the bug it was really funny right as he
was going with a pen to show me where to
sign this giant bug landed like right on
the tip of the pen because it's like
this bug blocked the pen from like going
on the paper
I always feel good when I can make a
police officer laugh all right so now
we're gonna grab its food it's ten
o'clock at night we're in Provo Utah at
a place called Mustangs wild mustangs
Grill & Bakery you hungry
I got a hurry cuz they're closing you
guys know what you want regular mac and
cheese and look at this they got Brigham
Young's brew Brigham's brew that's the
second prophet of the Mormon Church they
have like a Brigham Young root beer
that's pretty hilarious catch mac and
cheese that's in case of Dilla's for the
ninos hey you got a hat you got now you
got on an arm this is good barbecue
chicken yeah
magic with capers and I realized that I
love capers capers are delicious well
this has been quite the momentous
Shaytards vlog some exciting things
happen today and it's almost 11 o'clock
at night we're a drive home and I'll be
on product 1:30 in the morning and then
we have to get up tomorrow at 5:30 a.m.
it's a rock tart to the dentist thank
you no sleep for the wicked love you
guys
see you tomorrow the wicked yeah are we
wicked duh don't you know wow what a
memorable day today was quite the
journey hey rocked hard rocker just
walked in his bow and arrow is shooting
great oh man that cracked me up kids say
the darndest things hey you guys the
Windex video is so close to 25 thousand
thumbs up if you haven't seen it yet go
click on the feelin lucky button right
now the spinny smiley face I'll put the
link below please go check it out it
turned out really good and we had a
really good time shooting it check out
yesterday's vlog to see us get into
Vegas click on the 1 2 3 & 4 years ago
to see what the Shaytards were doing
those consecutive years we're here in
Idaho and excited to be here for Labor
Day and do a little camping and hang out
with my mom and dad love you guys see
you tomorrow
