hi I'm log in here so I was just telling
the children how when I was in college I
had this little red Nissan that I bought
for seven hundred dollars and it was my
first very own car of mine we were
talking about this because I was saying
how I need to get an oil change before
we go back to Idaho for Labor Day and
that brought up the topic of like what
is oil why does the car need oil so we
have had that discussion and I said what
if I was in college I learned my lesson
the hard way because I knew that my my
little old leader up car that I just
bought had an oil leak and I hadn't
gotten it fixed so I had to keep putting
oil in it couple times and filling up
with gas I neglected to boil and it just
cuz I was lazy or procrastinating or in
a hurry or like oh it's fine I didn't
even bother checking it and I destroyed
my engine so completely ruined my
brand-new well not brand-new but my old
beater car that I had bought with my own
money that I was super proud of I
learned my lesson the hard way that you
got to keep good oil in your car or it's
going to be dead and then we had the
discussion about what uh what else you
have to do to your car cuz baby tart
said I thought all your car needed was
gas and I said oh no you got to have
your brakes check you got to make sure
your belts are tight and SunGard said I
said yeah yo make sure the bail to tie
it all cause you don't want your car's
pants on down I feel like a bull on the
first day of car school something said
we got a comedian guys he's taking after
his daddy you know sometimes I'm
surprised with how witty the kids are
every once in a while they come up with
this witty little bit hey girls your
daddy go to school today
yeah skate up right this weekend huh
Taylor Swift and awesome stuff you got
your money
Wow cool did you push the UP button oh
good job
ah excited push the one with the
star stop good job so we're headed to
the doctor's office Little Rock card has
an appointment today
luckily no shots just to check so it's
gonna be nice and breezy oh my goodness
what do you think of that bitch so hi
mr. fish does he look like the fish on
the lorax this is the best part about
the doctor's office
boys that's a cold 20 yes just be like
they rocked her the dream gonna be here
for a while why hello man are you ready
except you okay ready
just gonna check your blood pressure
look at me look now we kind of like this
hmm
look the rooms green just like your
shirt
just like Mike Wazowski you are being so
good look at mama
I look at me mama hi does that feel
funny just relax
can you squeeze your little arm cool hi
it's showing your muscles you feel your
muscles your muscles are getting big
good job um can I check your temperature
hey sure just wiggle under your arm
your tickle spot in your tickle spot are
you doing so good it's just like what is
going on yeah it's new stuff good job
honey
guys can be so proud of you it's cool hi
hi yeah okay it's time to say goodbye to
the fish fry day old okay good bye bye
tasty
mr. it did you have fun at the doctor
we're very nice to you huh you're a good
boy you're growing good your stop
growing okay they're those fancy rats
again so look they're standing up weird
what do you think rock guard do you want
a fancy rat no the other one look at
this guy look at their hands their
little cloth
I know what it is they can be really
cute or really hideous all right how was
school hey retard said she a beautiful
dance a beautiful dancing what is your
surprise today we have game homework
jealous at the best player ever to game
but that's awesome I wish every homework
was a game how was your school day today
play with the partner with the partner
well I think we can find a few of those
you look so pretty is that one of the
guys that you got at VidCon or playlist
live or Australia no you're opening some
other people that letters are cats Oh
from VidCon I play the side Britain when
dad came back from this
Oh from Australia she brung this Canada
ball from Canada yeah when you went to
Toronto they have a whole drawer of bows
from people I'll never have to go both
shopping again and they're also made
like they made these votes amazing
people out there I love all of you guys
when they're learning a routine or some
sort rock star just sitting here
watching Cinderella
I love Cinderella is one of my favorite
movies growing up so we're here back at
gymnastics and it is super hot in here
I'm dying I need to scheme my face
melting she is a monkey
I know today I would have a heyday with
that rope girl at this point in time I
cannot imagine jumping on a trampoline
that work hurts so much when it's time
for me to be in labor I may consider it
because I hate going overdue I'm so
excited you guys I'm about seven months
a little bit over seven months I'm doing
over twenty seconds so I'm hoping that I
go early it's always the hope but
usually that doesn't happen so if I have
the baby before October 31st I would be
happy because I really don't want to
have him on Halloween but if that
happens and of course that's fine but I
would really really like to have him on
October 25th because that's my mom's
birthday so that would be kind of cool
to have it on the same birthday but
we'll see what happens to be in the
schools
oh yeah
we found a little baby with it looks
like a snake but it's a lizard and we
can see how dirty the corner is now that
awesome
hi little lizard friend don't be afraid
like you Sarah
tired of nature that's a miniature honey
can't even touch it but he might run if
you touch him it screams it's just a
baby nicer man okay I disagree that
he'll start running and Princess our
monster to catch him we're gonna try to
give him some wettest should we name him
I will love a man hello
why don't watch out what mmm Julia huh
what if it's a boy lizard it's a girl
James Taylor oh okay
Taylor is good either wait does Taylor
could be a boy or girl's name welcome to
dinner Taylor we're gonna have some
leftovers tonight if you don't mind
oh hey Taylor hi I just want to keep you
for a little bit just for dinner and
then we'll let you go outside okay you
might give you some spaghetti Bahama
Mama I brought my mom outside where how
could you eat you wanna look slight an
outside so cute it's tiny
I promise I'm winners we did tell Dad
yeah well we can't go for too long like
what if Taylor's mom and daddy no no no
buzz it's Tony cold fish
this is Johnny cold fish vacuum what if
his mommy and daddy's missing it so
don't keep keep him her it for a little
bit okay every Bridge scores show my
class anyway and then if you see me give
it to me I know this poor little lizard
is in trouble
oh you make you to arrive tried see with
attention it's a baby not doing touch it
rupture yeah yeah
don't pinch it or pick it up cuz it's
out was probably fault
looks like leftover night we got some
corn
just forget ease ouchy mama Seto why
what we're going to Idaho tomorrow we're
headed out after school for Labor Day if
we're gonna go Labor Day and the annual
crops campout II huh yeah yes every year
we camp in the backyard of Colette's
parents are often it when we are because
you're gonna bring mom and dad's trailer
hike yeah we're gonna go to that cave
again when Ducks video what video it's
not uploaded yet I have a cut of it in
my email you wanna see yeah yes you
wants here what do you think your again
where Taylor call is that what he
nicknamed the the freaking lizard yeah
why'd you let her go because I needed it
family nutrients it's family nutrients
hey guys come here you wanna see the
Windex video the Windex video I found
out is going to be uploaded on Wednesday
this coming Wednesday so tomorrow for
you guys remember we are shooting that
one next video it came out good this is
actually one of my very favorite parts
about making video with the kids is
seeing their reaction to it when they
see it for the first time anyone see it
is it'll be on the shaycarl channel on
Wednesday tomorrow be sure to watch it
okay you guys ready I already showed it
to Sun tart on Saturday we're shooting
this other video cuz gem Sam showed it
to us this intro shot is my favorite
shot of like any of our videos look at
this watch the belly watch for the belly
there it is there's the belly okay
that's all you guys get to see you have
to watch it on the shaycarl channel
tomorrow okay what you think
I see it again Robert thank you
there's a part where rock rock turns in
it and he has a hilarious line anyway
we're all just watching it and he goes
that's me guys for you in the video Rock
tard yeah do you like it
wanna watch it again yeah yeah yeah all
right look I want to say okay here take
the camera go show it to him let's go
your work in this video for this prop
another project called urban shredder
now it's kind of like a motor scooter
except you have to sit on your knees
there's a throttle and brakes and
everything I have to charge it the
people who made it gave me one you want
to see it charging it actually right now
on the video that's sweet
and then maybe tomorrow later when it's
sort of charged show you guys how all
right it so it's sweet it's really
awesome and comes with a flag test fear
in the road and cars let's see ya comes
in handy Silla yeah it's awesome
we used it the whole day and on Friday
during the ship so it's freakin awesome
see you guys later bye you want me to
throw down another thing about Zeke is
different than Malachi he loves playing
fetch for some reason he's a fetcher
he's like a Labrador go get it
whoa my Nelly Furtado is it dinner time
that looks delicious bed you're the best
wife I've ever had oh I know
you know I'm the only one you've ever
had only one you'll ever have yank it I
guarantee you're not
come make out with me all right come on
all right I'm making out with you
tonight I call rock card did you go to
the doctor's today would you do it the
doctor doctor what did he do
were you broken were you broken buddy
did you tell them that babe
oh they fix them that's right doctors
fix people I'm glad you're not broken
anymore
I didn't like you as much when you were
broken dude I have a crack on my butt
it's like looks right down the middle
it's
amen okay let's eat a spaghetti
finally getting my boat serie I was
craving so bad the other day what is
going on here mr. train conductor what
does that have oh did somebody else try
to give you that
did you look handsome in that thing you
make me laugh little boy you got your
hat what are you drinking out of that
spider-man thermos huh drinking some hot
cocoa not ken berry juice ma can you get
cigarettes and since the dishes all God
I want to be with Eugene not your secret
stash of candy no kid you're not having
any secret stashes no one give me a
drink of that I'll try it mmm that is
good
you won't blow you want some blow you
watch the big table lovely vlog yeah uh
well hi thanks for watch what do I say
you guys have heard of a million times I
can't even think of anything creative or
funny or original to say anymore in
these end slates click click click
that's all I'm always saying it's like
I'm just trying to push these clicks on
you like I'm a door-to-door click
salesman hi nice to meet you my name's
Jay Carlin just out here in your
neighborhood selling clicked you want to
click on a click here's a click click on
that click click clack click click
please watch yesterday's vlog if you're
feeling lucky which you should be
because today's your lucky day I'm not
sure if you knew this but I like you you
know what call me crazy but I feel like
there's something special about you and
I feel like you should click on that
mystery vlog video feeling lucky button
guys just mash what you know I love you
see what the Shaytards were doing 1 2 3
& 4 years ago who watches those I know
there's a little posse of you a little
Kru and I love that little crew you guys
go watch those one two and three four
year videos every day and I appreciate
it I love you and I'll see you tomorrow
