four three two one tard a baby princess
rocket a Sun turd yeah they are a family
of fun toy they are and by their
favorite song oh wait
oh what a beautiful morning know what a
beautiful day I've got a beautiful
feeling everything's going my the cow
cube rock part is I was asleep this
morning and he put on his church clothes
or Colette his church clothes on him for
him he came in he's like dad look dad
wake up dad wake up
look any mother to show me his time cuz
he's looking handsome tobe bashful you
look handsome I like your tie look at
him normally he doesn't like to wear
ties so today I was just like one of
those religion like I'm not gonna bother
with it alright finished church goes on
and he goes whoop my neck my neck is
better than talking about something what
I don't know and then finally he brings
that time he was bought my leg oh you
want to wear your tie today okay let's
look like daddy and then he wanted to
come and show you and I said okay go
wake him up he's like dad wake up dad
might come so entire how you feel today
fresh and cool and fresh and clean
looking handsome a friend you get a good
nap at that Taylor Swift concert yeah
I'll tell you what I'm gonna do today
I'm gonna go to church and I'm gonna
come home upload a one-take Sunday and
then I'm going to end ap that spells
sleep I am exhausted it does I'm not
good at spelling the night after the
Taylor Swift concert I had a shoot all
day the next day for this brand deal
that we're working on with Sam macaroni
and so I thought man I'm not gonna have
a chance to edit the vlog and
everybody's gonna want the Taylor Swift
footage so I just thought I gotta bite
the bullet and stay up all night I
didn't stay up all night I was up till 4
or editing that vlog then I woke up the
next morning at 8 so I got four hours of
sleep uploaded the vlog then went and
shot all day with Sam macaroni and Casey
and
Hisle son tizzle was their Gager got a
huge sunburn then came home last night
and we're stupid we went to the movie we
should have went to bed went to 9:40
showing of planes we all fell asleep
except for Sun tarde I was like the
middle of the movie I woke up when I am
like oh my gosh like I fell asleep and I
look over Colette's asleep robbed charge
asleep Prince's charge asleep baby
charge asleep and Sun turns like this
watching the movie it was an expensive
nap yeah was right so then we get home
last night like midnight and go to bed
and I'm just like exhausted the Sun
jarred can sleep during a freaking rock
show and then we're at the movies where
I'll sleep but he's like wide awake so
it's about priorities I guess all right
let's go to charge roll I love you bro
last night really much I love you bro
he's a Brougham look at mr. handsome man
sugar ty hey Rock tardy
hey brokeness you ty you look my
handsome b5 you like it my lady
your carriage alright guys ready let's
go watch those sins off yet you guys are
dirty from all those sins this week huh
especially you really yeah what do you
want okay I end up five upon further
review it appears that rocked our does
not appreciate being left hanging five
dude I like it my lady
your carriage look at the vicious manner
in which che treats his children by
denying them the high five that he
initially offered them
moral of this story rock tart always
gets his high five okay hey hey yeah you
gotta sit back silly head brother Christ
comes again
I'm not tweet about it when Christ comes
again he descends from Heaven's
but Twitpic that so fast I think that's
the whole world doing that I think about
this when I was a kid then I heard the
story when Christ comes back to the
earth as a kid I'm like well what if I'm
asleep like I will want to be awake and
it becomes back there in Jerusalem how
am I gonna know about it I'm gonna be
all the way in Idaho I don't think about
Twitter think about when that earthquake
happened in Japan and people were
tweeting about it minutes after that
earthquake happened
I watched the wave come in on CNN that
fast so now imagine when Christ comes
he's so many twit pics and instagrams
but Knology might be even better by then
they'll just be instant like news
spreads so fast
the second Christ assess rocked our time
talking about the second coming bro he's
giggling he's like church was good today
you should know better I always feel
better after church I'm just like II
feel like my perspective is recalibrated
and I have more of an eternal outlook on
things and I just feel like I'm ready
for a great week shut up I'm talking
about Jesus
anyways I'm happy with so Reverend you
didn't even care he's still up
he knows GATS Junkin he knows a guy to
make it to jock spot ma no we don't have
caramel corn in here what are you
talking about
baby tard what oh it's chaos okay
everybody quiet
starting now somebody's listening it's
this one my baby oh there was a great
mom I wish that we have our camera in
charge because he was seriously like a
crazy child during church and there was
hilarious moment when rocked art had his
hand on Clark's belly and I could see
the baby kick and rock hurts Han like
bounce off like he kicked so hard and
rock hard goes like it goes boo look
like it hurt his hand or something he's
like the baby it was hilarious I think
that's maybe in one of the first moments
where he's realized there's really
something outside of your body
yeah okay somebody wants to get out
there we are such a big bully no cream
no jumping no jumping no jumping on
Cecily we're trying to teach him but he
likes to be up high he thinks that he's
little but then he wants to be
big-league
a minute ago he was trying to climb the
tree with the kids are you gonna kinda
tree Zeek I'm gonna get in the tree in
the big are those are fake good I
thought they were avocados oh I was way
off
they're kind of like jam inside that's
funny cuz she told me it was an avocado
tree ha ha ha ha
hahahaha something Joe why are you like
it I like to stick guys be careful what
are you looking for the good ones are
the brown ones the green ones aren't
ripe yet oh bugger fig looks good
let's see if we can see a fig this is a
fake oh yeah I think this one feels
mushy I bet this is ready it's ready
should I try it
Oh dumping stop it so you can get a book
are you gonna eat a fig - dude what are
you eating
look at that look you shouldn't open
really he is go for it he's eating
absolutely he hasn't eaten them already
and that can be seized up eating them
now oh my gosh that's hilarious
are you starving have I thanked you
today I sir I have okay I'm gonna need
this food cuz I'm gonna be a human this
is my first step to being a human oh my
goodness I can't believe he's eating
that there's no way Malachi would have
done that you want to eat that one yeah
well you better not take that one click
allow' you it looks sort of like red
jamuns is a fake this one's all mine is
that great cuz it's not that red like
see this one's really red and that one's
tastes good
yeah I totally thought it was an avocado
tree this is way better than oh I don't
know
I like avocado you don't well Nick's
eating this one look at that oh my god
you like the big like funny to me you
are such a different personality than
your brother dude so different so man
Auggie's figs okay so uh I guess you
won't mind if I finish the rest of this
birthday cake then right okay thanks
yeah you shouldn't feed your dog cake
that could make him sick I didn't let
him eat and he just lick the frosting
for a few seconds then I put it right
back in the fridge jeez you guys thanks
for watching today's vlog it was a
little short one but it was a cute word
that that we liked it short keep okay
check out yesterday's vlog and you guys
know what the vary
last episode of chez beard is up I'm sad
13 episodes are uploaded and I guess I'm
not sad I'm glad they're there but I'm
sad that's the last episode please go
watch it
it's the very last one remember when I
was in the grocery store a couple weeks
ago talking about watermelon wink wink
well that episode is finally up we
showed it at VidCon click on the field
lucky button right now and go watch the
last episode of che beard the cartoon
and you want to see what the Shaytards
are doing Zeke I will throw your toy to
you in just a minute I'm doing the
insight right now okay okay go get it
okay check out what we are doing one two
three and four years ago on the
corresponding numbers in the middle Zeki
all be quiet oh that's it no more cake
for you young man
