hello and welcome to today's one sit
down Tom me Annie ruined it
hey what's going on Shay Carl here is
gonna be fun he doesn't have the dog
talk and he's gonna be a whole house
tour for you but then he didn't want to
sit down so he's gonna get a spankin
just kidding um hi Shay Carl here one
takes Sunday let's do a house tour you
guys been asking for it and I haven't
done it I should have done it the day I
came home from Australia because Colette
had the house pickable spica one speck
of a what what's our word despicable
what's the impeccable Ellis what's
I can't remember any word in the entire
English language right now I said you
have the house pickable what is the word
I'm looking for
I'm Pekka not impeccable spotless why
did I say spica ball I know dude I need
to take a nap I haven't slept okay
outdoors Shaytards outdoor who's ready
for a Shaytards house tour let's do a
Shaytards house tour here we go some
matter with you mr. growly face okay
this is our new house we were living in
that apartment for a year and we are so
glad especially him he's anxious
cooperage we're so glad to be out of
that apartment
there's
okay so as you walk in the front door
you come into this great room this is
what we call like the company room when
people come over and sit and talk we
need to get some couches still that's a
futon it has a fireplace that has a
mantel with all of our pictures of our
family and our Savior and our drawings
of people drew for us
this is Malachi this is our first Great
Dane his cremated body is in a coffee
can in this box is that weird maybe but
we love him so he's staying there
there's family via Chet fat shake I was
at Shack Fay when I was fat trading I
used to call me Shaq Fay
this is a what is it four-bedroom
three-bath 3,000 square feet four
bedroom three bath home I feel like this
is like like a real estate show in this
upper-middle-class home of the nice blah
blah blah
okay so then there's this what we're
going to do we still haven't done yet
I've said in a previous vlog we get a
desk and put a computer there it's like
a big bookshelf
of lights and the kids are going to be
able to like sit there and do their
homework and stuff there and get on the
computer hard sometimes
here is our dining room table this is
more probably for like fancy meals but
we've been eating all of our meals there
since it's the only table that we have
Colette wants to get a kitchen table
what we do eat outside in the backyard
quite often
Colette hung these up yesterday which I
thought is awesome look at our family we
have a family look at us
no I think we put the baby up there I
don't I like both of those pictures are
not messing my six frames dude six
frames the symmetry got a symmetry down
you don't mess with it okay so that's
the front door you come in and it like
steps up there's like two steps that go
up into like the dining room here and
then they have a large staircase do you
think we're going to be in better shape
just we're going up and down that thing
all the time I feel like it AB give one
AB one large AB but yeah we walk up and
down those stairs all of the bedrooms
are up there except for Sun tards you
want to show them that right now let's
show the kitchen first son tart can you
be our kitchen tour give us a tour of
the kitchen Rose's pantry cereal popcorn
chips granola bars dead bodies sweet
thins Triscuits wait wait a minute
wait we don't have Triscuits in there oh
cork board that we will hang all of your
a plus work so you better bring some of
it home so we can hang it on the cork
board eventually this little breakfast
table will go right here in the
breakfast nook this is a breakfast nook
area can you do the breakfast nook dance
yeah that was it dude you were doing it
the breakfast nook dance
in the breakfast nook in the breakfast
nook alright so here's the dishwasher
right here
and then there's an appliance of some
sorts here is middle sink which is great
if you're chopping up some cilantro some
onion some tomatoes for some homemade
salsa you can just access the instance
II Middle Earth and there's an in sync
aerator a disposal where you can throw
things down there and chop them up and
then here's the fridge cubed and crushed
ice and fresh water
we have accessed this many a day since
we've been here the crush Oh got a crush
on the crushed ice
so does collects it's everything the
chewy ice once you give him a fridge
tore open that baby up what's in there
it's like cribs what do we got in there
we don't have any almond milk I poured
myself a bowl of cereal went to the
fridge and have the all frustrating and
fury a ting feeling of not having any
milk don't you hate that and you're just
searching everywhere and no matter how
many times you've looked you keep
looking cos like that bowl of dry cereal
city there on the counter you're like oh
maybe I could use water I almost use
lemonade I thought I'll just use some
more minutes oh and my own Adrian what's
your favorite part sugar free that's got
some sugar free ice cream for the
weekends for Sun tarde these are really
good too I want another one of these
coconut water thingies
those are delicious you make some banana
bread baby
no today but I have the bananas in there
there's our fruit I'll show you my fruit
basket later and then let's go to the
living room so there's two entrances
basically here's the kitchen you can go
that way or this way this goes out to
the backyard
the guys have seen there's a tree a dog
hangs out there this is the laundry this
is the set of our Windex video that we
shot the other day which should come out
the 30th which yeah I can't wait for you
guys to see it was funny
anyways I'll save that tool then another
fireplace to five with three fireplaces
in this house there's one up in our room
there's fireplace there's a Jesus
hanging out he likes hanging out on me
gentles Jesus is a mantel guy and this
is our kitty cat
yes sir rug that we bought and then Zeke
chewed a hole and bad dog
oh yeah dog 60-inch Plasma flat-screen
Wi-Fi she what she comes
come see double doors man fancy baby
opens up two double doors here we go son
tard rock tard rocking the room they
just cleaned it Superman's hanging out
in here because he likes staying out in
clean rooms the bed the bunk bed
hey who stays on the top bunk the monkey
does the monkey likes to climb high on
the top bunk doesn't he
that's you huh yeah we got to figure out
what we're gonna do with all this
paraphernalia what you go so higher that
is so higher so rock card sleeps on the
top bunk centaur sleeps on the bottom he
has his own Rubik's Cube in his own
alarm clock his boomerang let Zeke also
tried to throw a few times his tech deck
skateboard ramps all his tech decks man
he is deca tech decks boy oh boy look at
all those wheels and bearings and
technics lamps lights
happy birthday pictures hot chicks then
we go over here to the laundry room
washer/dryer typical sink pictures of
family my bathroom / yes son tards
bathroom that's clean if it's good all
times
here we are flaws with doofus mine oh
your dental hygiene accoutrements let's
see it a shower how does that work for
you like it what's the water pressure
like talk to me about pressure I don't
know but there's a really cool like
thing it's you can turn in there's like
different settings
I got a fine mist do you like to have a
fine mist in the morning or a more of a
jet pressure jet pressure yeah I feel
you dog of course some seashells towels
plants rubber duckies and sprays
and zekiel here's the garage is not a
pretty sight in here this is where daddy
does all of this weight bench pushing I
lift weights in here and we hide
everything that we don't want to deal
with in here yeah it's a three car
garage with way too much you drunk in it
bikes skateboards
that's a popcorn machine there's a gun
safe for all my firearms hey aren't you
stay out here all right yeah Zeke come
here come on inside hurry do this a
one-take sundae won't have time to wait
for you mosey in and out of doors
wutface we're gonna come okay let's go
upstairs
so we miss hanging down here there's a
weird little door right here the kids
like to play in it's like one day we
found Zeke in there we don't know how he
got in there pretty sure but I don't
really know for sure
we just heard Zeke whining and we go in
there and Zeke was in that little room
we're almost positive rock hard put him
in there okay here we go
going up the stairs going up the stairs
Ezekiel Ezekiel is are upstairs come up
to the right oh look at these these are
cool like Sun thingies whenever we call
those there's grandpa
Eugene there's a four generation picture
of my grandpa my dad me and sunt are at
that sweet okay give them a tour of our
room here's the master bedroom bedroom
bathroom master bedroom we play
badminton in here that's why we call it
the bathroom dude this is the nicest
place we've lived
Senta vanilla yes for sure okay
open the doors big closet closet right
right here we are we haven't taken a
bath in this yet babe I am let's take a
dual bath tonight you want to I'm
inviting you to a bath date yeah what
your mom and dad get naked and have sex
we love each other we saved ourselves so
marriage and now we have lots of sex
come here I'm going to tell you about it
we have sex all the time like little
cockroaches spleen oh it's so fresh yes
it's so precious okay this is our room
rock car jump on beds in this room we
have windows and mirrors and lamps and
all kinds of stuff
fireplace number three babe after we
take that bath together we can sit by
the fireplace gosh daddy still hasn't
unpacked from Australia still got to do
that and we get it come on get it
 quit oh there's the day that we
were Wed what a beautiful day it was
okay let's see your room you ready to
show it off yeah there we go this is the
girls room
it's a pink palace of princesses good
song did crib baby's room dolls galore
if you need a doll we have a spare one
they're everywhere in here now okay
you're right that is correct
what else bottles Taylor Swift shrine
where they worship at the kitty
oh cool you guys have a career that I
had a crib open that what's in that
thing got your books here's the desk
where homework will be done the dresses
okay show me your bathroom prints
started
straight across the hall let's see the
bathroom rock through here is the girls
bathroom there is two sinks which comes
in handy when you have two girls who are
like temple toothbrush water yeah
purchase my shirt cool cute okay first
what pictures oh no I didn't sorry
pictures or family we like ourselves I
think we're pretty cool so we put
pictures of us everywhere look where we
point out that we're Sarah they were
saying go to bang brush your teeth photo
bandits in there we're pointing at
ourselves in the middle cuz then already
ever pointing it oh I see oh yeah we're
pointing that way and then we're like
who us and we're like yeah you that was
annoying
sorry turn your monitors down audio
calendar Shaytards calendar we're gonna
do another one 2014 you think we should
I think we should do another one I like
two of them lets you do a pull-up how
many pull-ups can you do go go this is
gonna be the baby's room
it's the biggest mess so far you young
man are in trouble hit in your room and
clean it or you're gonna get poked
what okay let's see nice ok this is
gonna be the kid I mean the rock
what's the freaking baby's name we're
not telling you guys yet this is the
baby's room this was son tarting rock
cards room but we moved them downstairs
then right across from here is my office
there's my desk still or figuring out
places we're gonna put all this stuff
raksha's we got a lot of storage room
though right here all that that got that
one of those this will be the workout
room got another TV that's it yeah I'm
trying to figure out how to make the
storage area look a little bit prettier
cuz I realize you're gonna be sitting at
your desk blogging a lot right you don't
know just showing this
are they seeing a lot of this yeah right
all right
that's the Shaytards house tour we hope
you like it if you don't then that
doesn't bother us because it's our house
and we love it and we love it here
because there's room there's nobody
living below us so we can beat our loud
usual Shaytards selves cuz we're just
loud what and then here's the backyard
you sure
helicopter not the backyard nice right
there's a deck we have a little deck and
she stuck a helicopter you want to tell
a copter all right let's do one
helicopter each to send us out seek one
first okay ready
six Esme honey Ozzy like a leaf on the
bed oh I think my good one
oh my goodness oh my goodness they're
all running Nick know they're gonna hear
okay one guys want a helicopter okay get
off my bed I will see you guys tomorrow
all the Shaytards house tour bye
