good morning ladies and gentlemen
welcome to another beautiful day hey
what are you acting all bashful for huh
what's going on what do you know
vegetable for what is this what's going
on here what it's my hat this my hat I'm
wearing this today you guys we have a
little Casanova on our hands if you know
it I'm Shane how did your love know dude
okie dokie
what do we got here want you to read it
to us dude let's hear in your own
casanova voice August 21st oh you put
the date on it oh no it's okay read it
let's hear it dear Rory I think you're a
very beautiful girl you are very smart
and intelligent you're a big reader I'm
also a big idiot I get a little nervous
when I'm around you you are thought the
prettiest girls I've ever met
no but did I read this earlier you need
to make an adjustment you put prettiest
girl I ever met you got to put an ass up
for that girl go fix it you don't want
her to think that you're you know
illiterate you were one of the prettiest
girl I have ever met
girls governess
yeah you just say your the now you don't
even want her to think she's the
prettiest girl you've ever met just like
one of cuz I mean there's I mean there's
been a lot of pretty girls that's life
his mom being the prettiest Oh Valerie
Oh Mallory he loves you I sure hope he
doesn't watch this video your dad's a
stud muffin
what's up Valerie you wanted the
prettiest girl I've ever met
what I know I am gone I'm going to lunch
to hang out with centaur today
hey baby tired kai borrow your hat I'm
gonna wear it to the Sun tard school
today cash I can here let me show you
trick with this hat Michael Jackson
taught me so here's how you put this hat
on maybe turn like a cool person don't
you start backwards like this how about
a help out I help her I saw the look on
your face it didn't seem like it was
making sense the helper out was like
Oh picture and then there's rocked our
he is a little mr. babysitter
why where'd your neck let's go I don't
know what you do with it did you lose it
probably in your bedrock card okay cool
I took the kids to school
KC Lavvy er came to pick me up we're
gonna go run some stairs there's these
big set of stairs over here in Culver
City we're gonna go run them or just
walk them alright baby
check out this view Los Angeles here
comes KC lab here then just steep stairs
man oh I'll Hollywood signs over there
she can't see it cuz of the smog
that's a good workout okay the legs are
burning all right we are getting ready
for tea music I was we're just in the
green room
we've got kittiesmama with us today this
is kittiesmama yes hi how are you I have
a great shirt have a great show ladies
we welcome the awesome it would be
better if you were in LA I mean lady
though my mom my mom wanted me to be a
girl but put on a wig to no event it
down come blue Chevy girl okay bye okay
going up the stairs
these babies are steep they're far apart
that's a good workout get your lungs
going and really get on your leg muscles
listening to Blue October and now we are
headed to son Dodge school this is a
very cool opportunity every year they
have like a like a VIP student or like
all-star student and they kind of rotate
throughout the year like each kid in the
class gets an opportunity to be the
all-star MVP student it's just like an
opportunity for the class to get to know
each kid you know they get to bring
their baby pictures and a little like
poster board that tells about them and
one of the perks that the kids get
during that week is it they get to
invite a relative to lunch and so that's
where me and rock tarter going right now
we're going to have lunch with Sun tar
coal fat he was the first kid last year
his third grade year and this year in
fourth grade he's the very first kid so
I think these teachers see something in
my boy it's true son tart is a very
special young man he is a leader he is
obedient he is smart and you know in
that whole nature versus nurture debate
I really believe it's nurture definitely
it's my parenting absolutely if you're
not familiar with the nature versus
nurture debate it's kind of the study of
how you are or why you are who you are
why are you you is it because of nurture
or the way that you were grown up to
rate that you were raised the influences
that you had as you were being brought
up through those early developmental
years or is it that's just who you are
it's nature you were just born that way
I feel like it's kind of a combination
of both and I really you know as I've
been a parent I feel it as a strong
influence on nurture I think there are
certain aspects or characteristics of
people that are just that's just them
but I feel like nurture or the way you
were brought up or the area or culture
you're brought up in has a big deal on
what you become in life what do you
think do you think it's a majority of
nature or nurture you've ever heard this
debate those of you who have had a
psychology class you know what I'm
talking about come on bro we got to find
a cool table let's go see if the cool
kids let us sit next to them hey bro we
sit next to you at the cool table
here we go Sam
yes this is all the camera crew shut up
you guys have seen it before though
right there is something that I'm gonna
be announcing today is we're going to do
some set changing don't know exactly
what yet but we want like the mood to
fit but what yeah I've done are you
look she's flogging too yeah this is my
chair that's Kaylee's and that chairs
odds I have to sit on that I'm short we
all know oh well whatever I'm embracing
it I love my pillow oh yeah this is my
favorite nap music by my favourite rock
artist he really shreds this guitar play
dude yeah now you're in the groove melt
those audience spaces yeah yeah well
sometimes there's rock injuries you
might hit yourself in the face with your
guitar sometimes that happens in rock
and roll yeah I remembered the time I
spent a three-week tour with Metallica
he always had his face on the guitar
here's to nalada head banging back in
those days though when he had long hair
you ready to go pick up the kids in the
school all right let's go get him rock
on my friend rock on so Colette's at the
moms view shooting the moms you show
live and I'm in charge the kids we got
to go back to the school after we just
ate lunch with son tard and picked them
up okay we just finished our show we had
a huge like Matt Bomer thing happen is
what couldn't go alive we were having
technical difficulties with YouTube and
so we weren't able to go in live live so
we had to record it and post it
we'll be posting it probably it's
probably up right now but it's always
exciting we can do it live live to get
like real-time feedback and tweets but
we did use the tweets that we're coming
in before the show was supposed to start
so we still kind of just kind of live
but not is that the iscope minute but
that's what happens those are the things
that happen when you get you know
glitches gotta have glitches but that's
okay because next week is going to be
perfect there's gonna be no glitches
we're all gonna be on time especially me
because I'm always on time
what are you doing with your hand there
I think he loves comedies hurt sometimes
somebody's hurt comedies hurts comedies
cants talks sometimes we're at a
fine-dining restaurant called cheese
large all right we're having dinner at
sizzler and that's death because mom
don't wanna make dinner and so I said
daddy will make dinner so I made dinner
mommy had to go to the open house
tonight for the kids girl in 24 hour
from right now we will be rocking out to
Taylor Swift
in fact when these people are watching
this video we're probably at the Taylor
Swift concert right now dancing our bums
off Christmas card told centaur that he
has to take his shirt off and write a
lyric on his belly
you do the truffle shuffle Taylor Swift
will invite you to the Tea Party I think
if you do the truffle shuffle Taylor
Swift will name her next album after you
okay shuffle shuffle targeting Swiss
brand new album is pregnant truffle
shuffle thar ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls I am pleased to announce Rock
toured here is about to rock and roll
oh my ladies and gentlemen what a treat
we have tonight he has a PEZ dispenser
in his pocket come on dance dude let's
see that performance
Wow has a spiffy move your sisters
really nice of you to let her play with
your guitar her guitar excellent and
that was the performance of rocked our
ladies and gentlemen in Agua stage Gras
stage go back in there so good play the
passion I'm out of here yeah do it again
okay it's homework Central Time and then
time to brush the teeth and go to bed
because tomorrow is a big Taylor Swift
day
you guys getting that homework did okay
I'm proofreading princess cards because
I'm dumber and mommy tarts proofreading
son tarts cuz she's smarter no its
fourth grade material it's a little
tougher than third grade I'm only
qualified for third grade don't feel bad
she look like what daddy only graduated
the third grade he was a double boy
until he found his love : lady got all
wise what there's a performance going on
upstairs
rocket this is the homework distraction
show oh wow
the choreography is amazing yeah a nice
move bro-heem what's the one rule no
sound chirping no crowd surfing do not
jump out alright and I will see you guys
tomorrow
I'm making a video you like in the video
you push it a thumb up on the button you
like of my video I make it you're funny
okay converted a body of chronic need to
be video
one two three four you pick a no video
higher like a video doesn't go very low
use it like my my video I like about you
do shake off with your you rest I'm just
a dog like a dad I talking to the
originators what I'm doing it's like get
out
no I will not pet you you should give me
two she's cuckoo go go
goodbye see you tomorrow
