hi I'm login here happy birthday honey
okay if you don't have to cover then we
already said it we already said it right
three years oven 100 already setup I
don't know biggest fan selling how was
it at school it was good exciting happen
yes earlier yeah eat your wait what
it's a thing in our past kind of like
last year when I was first it huh I'm
the first like start this year the VIP
the very important person yeah that's
awesome
holla why could have pulled me back I'm
sure shooters last year and now this no
way
well in a row what can I say I've got a
star student and the idea student first
he's a mix okay son tired just told me
the grossest story can you please tell
these guys today well eating lunch to
get open his lunchbox and a rap jump out
of it haha and then he looked you know
how like some backpacks have like the
velcro yeah made a hole through there
and it went inside his lunchbox and
everything was eaten except you can over
but he didn't take the chance and then I
bought school lunch he had to have it
thrown away oh my gosh that's awful so
what did they determine they determined
didn't come from this house it was like
no they thought it came from under our
class because apparently they saw hole
how would that be open up your lunchbox
and have a rat jump out of you oh that's
a nightmare but I wish they would have
had it on camera it would have been
great footage
kids if you ever have a rat jump out of
your lunchbox you better get the camera
okay okay it's a sad day Australia I
gotta go home I'm not that sad because I
miss my family I'm so excited to go see
Colette and the kids and I am exhausted
with the capital X because I stayed up
all night long editing the vlog and
packing to go back to Los Angeles and
thanks to some of you guys at bit Inc I
spent all
my consolidating all the presents you
gave me and then this morning I had to
go out and find a brand new suitcase so
here's the suitcase and backpack I came
with here's the suitcase I'm going to go
home with this is all the presents I
have had to stuff as much stuff into one
bag and like multiple bags as I could so
there's like maybe four or five
different people's presents in one bag
just because I have to try to fit
everything in as tight as possible and
now I'm gonna have to try to open this
thing and fit all of that inside of here
sorry some of you I'm not going to take
your bags home there's some like
wrapping paper and stuff I just I need
to make some space because I got to fit
it all in there so let's see if we can
fit it okay I'm gonna have to get
creative that is now packed full and I
still have three bags left and I try to
take some of these out and just like
stuff them in the pockets and then see
if I can fit some more in this one and
then in the backpack and then if I just
have to carry this one on as like a
carry-on I'll just carry it on guys I'm
gonna get all these presents back one
way or the other
all right we're back back gymnastics
it's been a really long time I don't
know why I'm talking like I'm all
scuffed up I was worried that she
wouldn't be able to do any of the things
cuz she's been gone for like a month and
a half the back she looks strong camera
oh hi this is my friend why is that your
friends do anything oh alright next I
wanted it's orange it's ah it's on it's
always ring leave it's on red leave it
on
Adelie you okay hi guys this is our
gymnastics place where you watch all the
kids and I can show you some other
pictures there's a really cute one I can
show you laughs then there's box glass
okay oh okay I'm gonna bring it back to
my mom
Kanna okay it is stuffed to the brim
ladies and gentlemen that is packed full
of Australian goodies look what I got
myself I saw this as I was shopping for
that suitcase I'm like ooh I like that
sweater I'm an Aussie bloke mate
look at me I'm ready to play on the
rugby team let's go on one ready hustle
I'm sad you guys I don't want to leave
Australia so beautiful look at Splane I
can stay I say it your house my hotel is
expired go stay at your house look at
that playing at is huge right Amy you
ready yeah we did it do it did Australia
bye love you guys
I'll see you next time thus teammates
everybody here so friendly it's so nice
I have a blast to every one of you
Australian even if I didn't make you a
mini okay have a little spot for you of
my heart that's why I bought this
sweater today is like it thank you for
watching our videos I love this country
I love you I love you you want to kiss
no okay maybe good no I'm married I
don't want to kiss you then
just kidding I'd kiss but I marry it's
like it goodbye touch it touch it touch
it did you guys know this
that's pretty cool right look who it is
on the airplane oh sorry crap mystery
guitar okay we are going up the stairs
on an airplane I've never done that
before
I'm now the point of stairs on an
airplane
double-decker the second floor of this
car seats this like late comes out and
then this like lays back it's pretty
nice
adding some sparkling water nice okay
the birthdays are requested Rubio's for
dinner so we're here at Rubio's waiting
for our food and shoes develop in this
present wrapped it in an old VidCon bag
because I couldn't find any of our
wrapping paper
ah let's see I'll hold it up again huh
it's a birthday party set for your
American Girl dolls you like it there's
a clue huh yep a little rubber and ice
cream I figured you liked it as lots of
treats it also say you're not trip or a
dress
we have seven hours left
that crazy check out this bathroom is
pretty intense technology-wise this
faucet can change the temperature like I
want water hot pot or scold my hands so
uh I need to go I need to go oh
baseball went at Vicki's Marsh rack
towels
okay now it's the moment of truth
you've been watching my videos for a
while
and I sort of doing this years ago
just like connect with you guys find
each other in
as we cross paths every
my name is wen is nice
twice
tray that way whenever you're in an
airplane you should go to the bathroom
and look and see if you see anything in
the ashtray how's it I meet many there's
a guy who gave me this purpose of
putting it in
ashtray on my way back dude
gotcha here it is and put it in any of
buddy ever on a Qantas Airbus you find
that you win it's a very hectic crazy
morning we're getting ready for dad to
come home and I'm trying to do the last
kind of time you guys with the high OH
alrighty then anybody got translate that
Oh get a sucker what is it oh it's a
pretend lollipop from baby towards
prison yesterday baby I did you have a
good birthday well that was the half of
it we're gonna have a little birthday
party for you on Wednesday and then
Taylor Swift on Friday I love that the
Shaytards will just break out into song
randomly we have taught our children
well we have Taylor Swift on Friday che
comes home today we've got a lot of
other stuff going on this week it's
exciting but busy and crazy and yeah
school to take you all along for the
journey
ok we're about to land
let's turn it on see that explodes Los
Angeles
there's the 405 we made at home okay
let's see what we have here is gonna be
annoying if it goes off a million times
probably excited to see downtown
searching for the network where are you
Verizon come on attach yourself to a
phone again get you in you know how did
that happen I dropped it on the bathroom
floor
it's cracks just anyway yeah there you
go here comes the show but that's for 15
minutes how long should I let it go I
guarantee I'll do this for like my
sister
this is fun I hit the jackpot okay
anyway yeah guys have a lot of people
that love me oh it's awesome okay I'm
gonna turn my phone on silent now
because it's probably annoying to the
other passengers all right rock hard
where we going somewhere in there you
said go get dad right are you excited
yeah going to get daddy from the airport
because he was in on it school I don't
know what you're saying but it's cute we
are on our way to go get Shane I'm super
excited I haven't really talked to him
very much in the past few days and I'm
not used to that like usually my theme
travels we talk every day but just
because of cell phone service and being
crossed the world oh I think that might
be him nope it wasn't but he's supposed
to land any minute now so we are headed
to the airport and we're just gonna hang
out so we see so what the hi dad
I was a little plane coming in we've
seen some big ones come through here and
it's crazy oh then maybe get headed
through US Customs I have a very
memorable story when I was on my mission
in the West Indies for two years I came
home to customs for the first time and
the guys like welcome home
was really cool day back in America ah
hi babe
this is what you need to do to her let
me show you how okay I want to see your
very precarious he's missed you a lot
every time Casey has been over he's come
over twice and Zeek like attacks I have
a good time
he's be some roughed up yet you rock up
a little bit here he goes oh he brings
up resins out yeah that's he cares about
is too heavy done by the way those are
for your other brother
sisters - not just for you I don't wait
dude are you happy guys home oh you want
to go so I love it we're glad you're
home - I like home okay it's time is
that great for the party this is what we
got her got her this Barbie de tarde
thing it's not Taylor Swift but at least
she can find you is exceed and then over
here we've got American Girl doll stuff
like a ballerina outfit from Monroeville
I've heard out for summer baby baby
dress for her Meryl doll and then a
dress from her lots of American Girl
doll stuff and it's like it didn't seem
like very much but that American girl
blow stuff is expensive so I think that
we've got plenty
that's the Taylor Swift concert yeah
stupor stupor she's stupor spoiled do
you think she's super spoiled Hansie
where's my American Girl doll dress hole
I really wanted to wear that I want the
pink ones were thrilled really nice oh I
should say the girls are at gymnastics
with - so they don't know well her this
hard knows but baby tribe doesn't know
that we're gonna decorate and all the
steps I'm excited to see what her face
will be like when she gets home okay so
I tried to write happy birthday let's
get her sweat how funny that is Taylor
Swift you know what she won't know
she'll like it
we're gonna do it all in red because
that is that but don't touch it is not
your cake not yet anyways because that's
the title of her album is red so
everything is red you got what
listen a likkle ish okay maybe we should
tone down on the sugar dudes well calm
down no more okay no more cuz we got to
get pizza we're gonna eat that right
sparkling okay look at how we check read
it read
and see we got red streamers and red
roughly equal with the red Taylor sweat
and I wish this was red but I couldn't
find a red one so pink is gonna have to
do it
no no you're gonna knock them over honey
don't knock them over okay okay let's go
finish the cake so I'm going to decorate
the cake all with red stuff like
licorice and some strawberries we'll see
what happens okay check this out isn't
this so pretty I love it so far hey Rach
tarts helping put the strawberries on
remember where it goes oops
we dropped it let's get a new one let's
get a new one don't eat don't get that
one okay okay are you ready let's try it
again
don't drop it goes right there oh but
let's quit there you go
oh he loves cooking he's like baby turds
he loves to be in the kitchen whenever
I'm cooking just to help me good job
fun I'm not done yet I'm ready for your
Swift
hey here what choice I get check it out
there's the decorations depend up on the
door second oh I'm so excited about it
supposed to say Kaler Swift but in
whatever okay here she comes here she
comes hi
what do you think what do you think did
you go what come on do you like for you
we decided that I didn't know how to
make a Taylor Swift cake but because her
album is red we would just do a big red
birthday with her Taylor Swift
you can have it is your birthday just
one no okay it started already birthday
oh happy birthday how many times we
saying you birthday happy is on this
vlog four times five times Roger Kinney
sing happy birthday let's hear it it's a
bad condition you say cha cha chicken oh
I didn't know wait we don't even seen
yet
Oh
horrible horrible oh I want some
birthday cake is this where I come oh
this where I come to get some birthday
cake honey remember we went gotten him
the breeder said that his dad like deke
dad liked to climb up on things could be
like to be high yeah remember he was
like up on the diving board he's like
see he likes to climb up on things to do
wants to be heid serenity what is it's a
bitty baby dragon baby baby just I dead
mean is on my idea happy birthday I
wanna see him run some more Zeke you
excited you excited I am their presence
I'm categorizing them there comes oh
dear that he's into hopefully doesn't
put a hole in the walls like Malachi did
yes one of your guys's koala bears you
gave us is getting used by Ezekiel he
really likes it he likes that present
oh it's kangaroo he's using the kangaroo
he's thirsty now alright you guys we are
all caught up
this was a long vlog with a lot of
different footage but we are all up to
date now
so we'll start fresh tomorrow oh my holy
jeepers creepers a 30 minute vlog
yesterday a 20 minute vlog today I must
really love you guys
hahaha seriously I'm watching you right
now I'm under your bed alright
tomorrow's big day Taylor Swift we're
coming at you we are headed to the
Staples Center to go to the Taylor Swift
concert tomorrow you guys should all
tweet her and tell her we love her then
she should bring us a fun stage and let
us dance in front of all those people I
can't believe the big days here I feel
like we've been waiting for this for two
months and now the big concert is
tomorrow so the final hurrah of pay
petards one week long birthday is gonna
happen tomorrow and it will be quite the
vlog I'm sure we will get all the
experience of the girls that should be
quite the night click on yesterday's
vlog if you want to see a 30 minutes of
Chatard goodness click on that feeling
lucky button I did a special interview
at VidCon you guys can click on and see
that and if you want to see at the show
yards of doing one two three four and we
haven't done the five years yet but we
will
we're working on it we're working on
those five years of daily vlogs are
coming up pretty soon love you guys see
you tomorrow
