hi login here alright good morning you
guys good morning this is this is what
baby - okay we're gonna this is maybe
tarts favorite thing to do for the baby
he loves a short okay let's play back
one so he's got the yellow the red and
the green he's a very bright boy a
bright young lad in many ways thanks for
pushing the stroller babies hard yeah my
pregnant mama absol last night I kicked
myself cuz I didn't grab the camera in
time princess heart and I were building
a shelf together and the baby was moving
like huge like my belly was like an
alien moving it was crazy so I'm excited
to catch that on camera next time
because it's starting to get even more
so I took that he was probably doing
that inside of my belly isn't he a
weirdo what tell him that when he comes
out mama didn't call you a weirdo kids
I'm so sorry you guys didn't come
because this is one of I maybe you have
to say the coolest playground I've ever
seen there's a zip line check out this
swing dude I could get my kids going so
high on that thing look how long that
chain is there'd be screaming bloody
murder at no time Princess hard you can
climb to the very top of that thing Oh
My heck you can freakin die look how
high that is those kids you know Prince
it's hard to be perched on the very top
of that thing there's a zip line over
here see this kid zipline in I got to
bring you guys back here this is an
amazing playground mine mine mine mine
mine these are the actual seagulls from
Finding Nemo you guys their celebrity
Birds I'm shopping with a snail which is
super exciting and it takes a really
long time but you know what that's what
happens when you go shopping with snails
is you just have to plan for extra time
right your queues so dirty right now
we're definitely having a bath before
our sell lumber party
that's right tonight is the slumber
party and we're super pumped and excited
we're just getting stuff we're gonna try
to find a movie because there's nothing
gonna do like any of the red box stuff
so we gotta find like a cute kids movie
that everybody don't want to watch oh
wow I'll put in a good one sheesh what
at least he's not throwing a fit at
least it's all in joy and happiness hey
crazy come here let's go I just nail
your okay I love it I love my life all
right we're here this is crazy
pity
so he's got our God socks on what should
I give you his socks do you have your
socks on okay pencils it's right there
my socks can you say our guy our guy so
Shox sing it again and rock hard rock
come on I got my socks on I got my
argyle socks oh my goodness sorry about
that okay it's lunchtime
here's my lunch date he's a wiggle wart
every time I turn the camera on he
thinks he needs to put on a show you
think that it's starting to rub off on
you the Shaytards
craziness hey I love you yeah thanks for
being such a good boy at the store today
yep Superman's always good at the store
kids that too much and the camera they
love you but yeah let's hug the camera
you want to hug the camera all hugging
mom's arms with the camera and wiping
your boogers on me thank you and this is
my lunch we're having a fun dinner date
lunch date without the kids yeah we miss
them a ton he's being super beer a goon
all right you guys left back they do
I ain't out there I am here with to my
biggest fan tell me what is your name's
Michelle and Ashley they came to bidding
to see me and they got the kids a
present and it's heavy
what's in here there's no bombs right
okay good lots of chocolate well my wife
will appreciate it good to meet you guys
okay slumber party time and we are
making cupcakes and pizza and we may
have ice cream I don't know who bought
the ice cream I would and we've got the
awesome other Butler's here and Booker
okay Sam reckless will get your aprons
okay let's see your aprons those are
from a viewer aren't they okay so since
it's baby turns birthday on Monday she's
going to pick what color of cupcakes we
do and she picked the pink liners Wow
okay what color do you want to make the
cupcakes cuz we're going to use this the
like the funfetti kind you want pink
icing all right pink of puppy we can do
pink frosting or football or whatever is
doing it looks like I'll be helping with
the decision making today and we're also
having just frozen pizza but that's fun
pizzas pizza right at least you
to eat it frozen right that wouldn't be
on me oh and then we've got these to
decorate with and I'm you know home did
you decide what else you want for your
birthday
besides the content imagery you are the
cupcake maker what are you talking about
all right are you giving Zeki hog mommy
you're scared now or you're scared of
him making hectic okay what do we need a
cup of water now we do the easiest stuff
you know I don't actually make your
scrap check I just get too impatient no
just wait who's waited renoir me oh
that's the one you pick
okay oh yeah listen for a couple of
times like I just did up this that was
so bad after Carl ticktick next eggs for
the egg business yes
do you please know like okay watch out
this baby chart success yeah good job
there's six thousand crazy Australians
out there I'm a little nervous
hold on hold on yep heart rate is up
above average I don't know what's that
he still hasn't slowed down all day he's
done like this baby's Dart remember you
can't lick the knife once you push it
and only lick the frosting once you're
done with your cupcake or else you're
getting Jers yeah I wanna go to my food
no no you that's a problem with Great
Danes is their noses are our countertop
level so they can get anything they want
hey Bri say hi
you like that yeah yeah so good how
about you princess card um oh yeah I'm
focusing on are you gonna make it pretty
yeah it can't feel like that she only
likes the frosting what little much but
you know what you can do whatever you
want to Tara and cupcake we can go oh
honey
whoa um damn
wait where's your guest mommy where's
your guest
that's my cupcake
hey h-have a turn okay Bailey I'm up and
see yours I'm just starting just
starting thank you okay let's see Oh
princess card love believe in your heart
mommy you need help cuz that one's yours
did you realize that you have one still
here stinker
hey Dad hold on we gotta film this game
one I hope we get harder with the
decorations yet you this the pink one
look at baby car oh it's so pretty I
know mine makes you mix you that makes
it beautiful
you need help
right Joe is the sparklings again once
 why is that so funny today you
weirdo I guess if dad's not here
somebody's gotta go
someone's got to do it repeat that ain't
gonna be me okay
really really hate that cuz it's your
birthday I said somebody's gotta bring
the funny I guess she decided she'd
figure it out please somebody help him
with this Barclays will ya
i'il long time here dude
okay stop you're gonna have to clean
that up you know
all right see that's a cupcake thank you
are a couple I should go your show us
your sprite please spin the sprite
please
I got dirt no I won't like no jeez you
guys I have told you why I'm walking
here
I have told you not to do this you're in
trouble young lady
show me turn around alright happiness is
a choice tattooed on your back well
never forget it
never forget it that's cool hi guys
we're here at the meet and greet just
getting tattoos together everybody we're
gonna talk to artists wrong in tattoos
in my face
okay but wait wait wait okay we're
saying happy birthday to baby tard one
way I didn't say action yet one two wait
action oh you're singing okay say hi
you're in the vlog the dirt shirt like
that shirt I am vlogging here that case
that's a cool computer case I like it
okay you're in the blog there's Tiffany
she's got a suit on turn around let's
see it yeah I sweated in that a lot oh
that's gross so now you are air we mixer
I am NOT okay I did not agree to these
terms and conditions okay this is the
slumber part of the slumber party we got
baby tarred cage Ezekiel and the other
ones are in their rooms and the last one
just barely went down and it's 12:30
party animals that's all I can say and
it was so much fun it's always exciting
when all the cousins are excited to get
together and have pizza and cupcakes and
all that kind of stuff I think that I'm
ready have to do some slumbering I hope
that you're doing well Shay I miss you
Australia is way too far away and I'm
super excited for you to come home let
me know how you're doing and I'll see
all of you tomorrow
holy crap
pardon my language look at all those
Prasant ace that's Spanish for presents
though it's not I don't know that we're
this I do not know how I'm going to get
all this home I am literally and I've
said this before jokingly I'm gonna have
to go buy another suitcase to get it all
home there are bags and
bags and bags of presents for the kids
got a rugby ball got to rugby balls this
one for my homies Kitty and Greg it
thanks guys
through that was insane I I felt like a
beetle like super famous which is it's
so weird the process of like doing those
meet and greets because every person
that comes up it's weird I'm like you
know me and you know me and I feel like
there's this connection that I have with
each person that I meet that it only
gets to be for like a few moments while
I meet them or meet you if you were
there today incredible I don't even know
how to describe it it makes me feel so
grateful to be able to have this
opportunity because sometimes I do like
I ask myself like what what do I provide
I'm not like a musician I'm you know I'm
not a comedian I try to be funny but
mostly I'm just like I think my own
jokes are funny and just hearing all
your stories like each one of those
people people tell me they had like
really bad panic disorders and severe
depression and some people that couldn't
even leave their houses but because of
our videos like I don't want to sound
like I'm bragging but I just want to say
thank you like a delight how do I put in
words it's hard it I just want to say
thank you and I appreciate you guys
being a part of our life that's that's
what it is is just living life in front
of you it's weird it's a weird concept
to hear all of your stories all the
people that I met that have chose
happiness and decided to live their life
a different way to me that just like
reinforces the all those things that
I've set happiness is a choice and you
can choose the way that you want to live
your life you don't have to be subject
to the outside influences that happen to
you because crappy things do happen to
you
I'm getting all motivational again so
those people that do say like they enjoy
when I like give these little like pep
talks and stuff I just want to say thank
you and it's all true I feel like I'm a
living example of being able to change
your life and becoming whoever you want
to become and it might sound cheesy to
some of you but that's just because you
don't get it
but I hope you do eventually because
5,000 people that I met today they get
it and they understand that you can
choose to be happy you don't have to
allow the crappy things in life that
will inevitably happen to you affect the
way you feel you choose how you live
your life and how you feel inside it
meant a lot to me to be there today and
to hear all of your stories so I want to
just say thank you you know I just ah
wish my family could be here I'm gonna
look like a freaking awesome Santa Claus
dad when I go home I don't know how I'm
gonna get all that stuff home I'm really
gonna have to go out tomorrow morning
and find a suitcase to pack it all in
there and hopefully nobody fit like
drugs or something in there if I get
arrested on the plane ride home you're
in trouble whoever put pot in my bags
maybe I won't have to look through it
because there's like a million chocolate
bars and candy all kinds of stuff
letters we will read all your letters
thank you guys for those okay that it
was insane it was crazy
it's weird being in this hotel room like
by myself now I've been like surrounded
by people for the last five hours so
it's weird being here all by myself but
I'm not because you're here thank you
guys
sincerely you're the Sun in blue faces
one by one we wanna thank you
no matter our child they gonna smile you
look right in the bed and then we'll run
to the end no matter the miles they get
a smile no matter the situation heart
that's headed for breaking static in all
the stations lakh conversation where we
can come play things day by day by day
you're the Sun in blue facings one by
one we wanna thank you
no matter a child you making a spy
