hello hello hello hello we welcome you
to date hello hi good morning I'll be
the saying howdy how do you do and a lot
for my Mexican friends what's going on
you guys
shaycarl here I really am NOT as peppy
as I seem but I am excited I just woke
up I slept in a little bit it's 10:20
a.m. here in Sydney Australia and I just
had a great night's sleep and I woke up
and I decided to get on Twitter on the
tweets and I feel really blessed I want
to tell you guys a few reasons why you
wanna talk it's a little just
conversation I'm here in my hotel room
look at all those presents I got
yesterday a vide I am freaking out not
trying to decide how I'm gonna get them
all home I don't know if you understand
look how many Tim Tams I got you guys
are bad for shayloss I ate like 800 Tim
Tams last night and I got a freaking
boatload of presents to take home to the
kids I'm gonna be like Santa Claus daddy
coming home um I just woke up this
morning I got on Twitter and I saw that
my good buddies and I saw this actually
a couple like a day or two ago my good
buddy is philip defranco and linds loves
got engaged to be married and they've
been dating six years now I guess maybe
more maybe longer than six years about
six years I think because I remember
meeting them in February of 2008 and I
just remember feeling that like they
were more than boyfriend and girlfriend
they seemed like best friends when I
first met them and I think it's been a
long time coming so from me to you Phil
and Lindsey congratulations I'm so
excited and so happy for you and you
need to start making babies now because
I want our kids to have a mud wrestling
league need to start a mud wrestling
baby leak and then I was on Twitter and
I saw my good buddy Charles Trippy and
Ally his wife they won I don't win one
you earn one a Guinness Book
world record for the longest consecutive
vlogging ah could have been made so if
you guys know my buddy Charles Trippy
who you should go subscribe to because I
ruined his surprise at VidCon he had
been texting me telling me that he was
gonna win this and in order for him to
win this Ganis Book of World Records I
actually had to write in like a note to
Ganis Book of World Records saying that
I had missed a day because some people
are saying well Shea's vlog longer I
started doing daily vlogs two months
before Charles but I've missed days in
the last five years Charles has not
missed a day so I actually had like
write and emailed to Guinness saying
that yes I agree Charles Trippy has done
it longer so um was I saying oh so uh
they want it they earn it earned it they
earned this Guinness Book of World
Records and Charles was saying I just
watched his vlog about what they wanted
they're in New York right now with their
band on tour and they won this the
Skinner spoke of world how you say it
Guinness I was less a Guinness Book of
World Records a Guinness record so how
you say it anyways Charles said it was
like a bucket list and I that was like a
bucket list for me too
because I remember as a kid when I go to
the library the only book I like to
check out this has a lot about me was
the Guinness Book of World Records cuz I
had so many cool pictures right like
you'd look through like the lady with
the longest fingernails the dude like
the fat twins on those little bikes like
you remember I remember like looking
through the pages of that book like whoa
whoa and always thinking like would it
be cool if I was in a Guinness Book of
World Records someday so Charles want it
oh I was gonna say that I ruined it
VidCon cuz he has been texting me
telling me he was gonna get it and that
VidCon I don't know as a secret and I
was like you have my buddy Charles Tripp
he's gonna win again his book World
Records and then I've uploaded that
video then in the comments ever he's
like Shay you ruined the surprise and I
was like no and I texted Charles I'm
like dude I'm so sorry to realize like
you were keeping it a secret
and then he I'm like I'll take it down
I'll take the video down he's out it's
not that big of a deal so go subscribe
to my buddy Charles Trippy he's cleaning
so close to a million subscribers you
guys go subscribe to Charles
that's funny thing too is at that
YouTube gathering where I met Phil
Lindsay that's the first time I ever met
Charles which was uh five over five
years ago it was five and a half years
ago February of 2008 and here it is
August of 2013
and I'm just so I feel so blessed today
to wake up just having been to a
convention where six thousand screaming
Australians give me like three
truckloads of presents for my family and
I just you know it's baby turns birthday
and you know my other good buddy Kassem
G I'm not allowed to say what he's doing
right now he was supposed to come to
Australia but he got a really cool
opportunity to do something which I'm
not allowed to say what it is but a huge
thing for Kasim's career I just I was
sitting here like you know on my
computer I kind of all groggy like tired
I need to go get some breakfast and I
was like looking at all these tweets
from Phil and Lindsey and from Charles
and just thinking about how blessed I
feel and about my family and how I feel
so lucky to be a part of this lucky and
blessed and just felt so overwhelmed
this morning at how wonderful my life is
and just felt I wanted to say thank you
and make a video just like I'm saying I
love you and I just feel so happy for
Charles and Allie and Phil and Lindsey
and I've said this before where it's
like where you're like internet friends
or your YouTube friends are no longer
your internet or YouTube friends they're
your like real-life friends these are
the people that I've known and loved and
shared my life with for the last five
and a half years which is crazy Dutch
half a decade you know look tired look
sleepy so um I am oh plus I have an
amazing view of darling harbour here
this is right outside there is darling
harbour and then over across the way is
the Sydney Opera House and the Harbour
Bridge right here in Sydney Australia
good morning Sydney Australia the
world's largest IMAX movie theater is
right over here
I want to go to a movie tonight where
where is it it's right over here anyways
I want to say I love you guys and I feel
so blessed to wake up and be a part of
this community of youtubers and I do I
want to say thank you I feel extremely
lucky extremely blessed and I feel happy
so really happy I love you honey honey
you should make a one-take Sunday too
because I miss you do my phone I have
Verizon and it's like no service I
should have called him before I left but
I haven't been able to text or email or
get anything off my phone I left I can
get on Twitter because of the internet
but I haven't talked to collect because
every time I try to send her a hey tell
it doesn't go through so I love you baby
she doesn't have a Skype and a lot of
guys were like shake for her I'm Scott
duh but she doesn't have a Skype and she
does know how to set it up maybe she
does but like I don't know her username
to contact her we should have really
thought this more out for a left on bed
I love you I miss you so much honey I'll
see you I'm leaving tomorrow to come see
you to come home to make out with you
and we're having another baby
I just everything about that like how is
that going to change me and our family
there's going to be a whole nother
person a whole other personality that
comes into our lives in just a couple
months you know as you have more kids
it's not as big of a deal like it is a
big deal but like you're focused on
raising the four children that you have
that you forget that another one is in
within the womb and coming down the
fallopian tubes do they come in the
fallopian tubes
does that work I should know that by now
anywho zl-- it's just crazy to think
that there's gonna be another person
that I love
more than anything that's coming into
our lives in less than three months and
how is that going to affect you know my
other children and our relationship and
it's exciting times it is exciting times
and I feel so lucky and so blessed and I
just want to say thank you to all of you
I want to say I love you to my friends
and to all the people that have been a
part of my life
and have been a part of who I am today
in creating my store
and in creating what I've become I
couldn't have done it without any of you
each person that I have interacted with
throughout my 33 years has affected me
in some way and you have to realize that
we are a product of our past and of the
people that have been in our lives and
I'm so grateful to have been a part of
this journey and to be you know I've
shared it with all of you I sound like
I'm writing like my obituary Shay lived
a good life I'm gonna go jump off to
know what okay I love you I'm gonna go
down to the breakfast buffet that they
have here it's delicious they have a
juicer just like a big juicer sitting
there with like pre-cut fruit where you
just grab the fruit and throw in the
juicer you drink the juice it's
delicious and healthy and I love it
excited to go get some right now okay I
love you congratulations Phil and
Lindsey I hope you invite us to your
wedding I'm sure you will because I'm
the best dancer there is and I love you
honey I miss you kids make me a one-take
video you guys I want to see you please
make one take video congratulations to
my good friend Charles Trippy you earned
it and you deserve that Guinness Book of
World Records Guinness World Record I
don't think you throw the book in there
the book is because it's a Guinness
World Record
but then it's all in the book right the
Guinness Book of World Records he won a
Guinness World Record
congratulations my friend you earned it
and deserve it and I love you guys see
you tomorrow
