hi login here all right we're headed to
school and we're kind of backed up in
traffic but good thing we left early
today because we hopefully will not be
late hey kids isn't it weird to that we
dropped out off at the airport last
night at 9:50 and he's still on the
airplane yeah he's gonna be on the
airplane for a while he's a real
AirPrint or eating lunch right he's
gonna or a little bit after maybe but
the thing is he's going to skip on an
entire day like he's not gonna have
Thursday he's gonna get there and it's
gonna be Friday but then when he comes
home he's going to go back in time he's
gonna leave on Tuesday and come home
Tuesday morning weird cool your
birthday's actually on the Monday so
we're going to have a little thing this
weekend with the cousins agent brand
they are gonna come have a sleepover
we're gonna make cupcakes and then when
Dad gets back we'll have a party for
baby Turk
happy birthday baby Todd what do you
want for your birthday honey
know what if you don't get that what
else do you want your birthday that
seems highly hazardous
boys
another nice luxury car
engines are flames yeah
we are we're about 30 minutes out of
Sydney
the curvature all these people waiting
to get in the land down under hey you
guys were customs and you don't film in
customs because they could kick you out
of their country we miss you Gosselin I
gather
Cassin was supposed to come with us so
you guys I just got yelled out by the
customs guy because I filmed like the
science and Australia customers who
order control and then he came up and
said I had to delete that footage so you
guys there was a great shot of a sign
that I had it delete that's it but we
made it through it now gonna find our
suitcases so this is the farthest I've
ever been for the mainland of America
yeah Australia I'm vlogging here Amy
this is the farthest I've ever been away
from America or my family like mileage
wise from geographically 13-hour flight
the farthest I've ever been err still in
Cairo
yeah you can still breathe it okay you
guys I just landed and Tiffany's here
what's up buddy how's it on Tiffany one
oh no you don't drop the camera she won
the jump so you guys remember the
jumpsuit when I had my own towing
company roadie arcade she actually
wanted have you worn it it would be a
little weird oh my god I wore that that
is so funny all the way here in
Australia check it out
that is so cool that thing is traveled
yep that's what I wore when I shot that
Kia video that's so cool Tiffany you're
awesome
high-five we're gonna be in the blog now
I want you to wear that I want you to
run around your house in that kay yeah
you want to put it on is gonna drowned
you it's giant okay baby Karen what did
you learn today at school today a prefix
before the word the suffix goes after
right sweets what did you learn
oh love brotherly and sisterly love
value learn you're looking super cool in
your hoodie bro my kids are smart
they're retaining information all right
kids
so do you know what we're gonna do today
what do you think we're gonna do today
think about what our house looks like oh
man tonight we're gonna work on your
room it'll be awesome I love organizing
but it definitely takes a lot of time so
we just gotta be patient and free money
and get it done all right you guys look
who at last 90 I know back together in
Sydney of all places on us so we're
about to go are we going right now we're
doing a panel right now and Toby Turner
is over here making an Instagram but you
told me Turner what are you doing don't
know doesn't know robbing everything I
see this place support physical we are
here in Sydney Australia I have never
been here before and we're about to go
to a panel for the YouTube probe series
here we go Wow
check this out this is fancy
is the bathroom so I have heard my
entire life that when you go to
Australia the toilets flush the other
way which to me I'm like what does that
even mean I don't even know which way
the toilets flush in the United States
of America uh so this flush the toilet
and see I figured that it's just like
what do you gotta do right you don't
have you heard that like we're here in
Australia in the toilets flush the other
way it's we're gonna flush the toilet
together together yeah this is really
disgusting well this kind of like shoots
out there you go there's a toilet flush
there in Australia not that exciting all
right so the discouraged the panel it's
called this new series that YouTube is
doing called the YouTube pro series
which I guess that means I'm a pro pro
youtuber you know what a pro youtuber
would do they would dance in the
bathrooms yeah
so we talked about being a youtuber it's
weird to be considered a pro youtuber
because that's just something that I've
done but it's something that I've done
over the last five years and hey he
works YouTube anyway so we just finished
this panel it feels cool to be part of
the story and the history of YouTube
from where it's come from and where it's
going and just to get a lot more
charities like this to come to Australia
I've lost look at this place I mean you
guys this is like the Shawshank
Redemption meets ten Peyer State
Building it's like this cool old factory
warehouse place you guys this is really
creepy these Australian girls are
stalking me all over the town look she's
got a tarred shirt on yeah it's hard for
us so tell the story trying to find me
and this is the funny thing is she said
that what have we walking and he's just
sitting there and I was I was just here
yes sir
there you go never quit never quit never
give up well it's good to meet you guys
thanks for watching the videos what's
your name Johanna and how long have you
had that shirt look you guys seen hello
my name is what tard what's your name
Bianca cool names you guys I just shaved
bring your little shade right that's
cool
there you go shake my butt lift
alright here with my homie Kenan we're
talking about the flight over here from
LA it was so long so who you working
with you guys made videos with everybody
since everybody
right crazy experience we're here
bidding it's Sydney hanging out having a
blast next day hello good morning it is
a great day I am going to the restaurant
in the hotel to upload the vlog and then
I'm going to running and we're gonna go
running to the Sydney Opera House
okey-dokey here we go let's get this day
started so the Internet in the hotel is
horrible
I was so frustrated I don't think you
understand how much anxiety it brings me
when I can't upload the vlog and I'm
trying it's like stuck at one percent
for three hours that says it's gonna
take another 4800 minutes I'm just like
oh come on I walk fast internet so I
went to the restaurant the connection is
a lot better there it took me about you
know an hour and a half I juiced a lot
of juices but I did get the video up I'm
feeling great and I'm gonna bring you
guys with me we're gonna want to run
even though it's kind of annoying to
have the camera like swinging around in
my pocket I wasn't gonna bring you but I
thought this is like a once in a
lifetime opportunity to go run to the
Sydney Opera House I'm gonna bring you
guys with me we're gonna find the water
and we're gonna run along it let's go
everybody looking at me weird here we go
you guys ready to do this let's run
Sydney Australia got to find the water
we're gonna go over this bridge into
Darling Harbour and then we run down to
the Sydney Opera House turn my running
out on the field far we go
so I guess this is like one of the
biggest IMAX theaters in the world right
here in darling harbor this is cool I'm
excited this is gonna be a lot of fun I
love running a new places because it's
just like every time you like take
another step it's a new journey Wow look
at that that is amazing dude this is
like maybe one of the nicest boats I've
ever seen yeah dude it's like glass
that's really cool it is a huge boat
going under a cool bridge of some sorts
not sure where I'm at so there's some
some construction over there so I had to
go off the water but I think there's a
giant bridge but it's like right across
the Sydney Opera House so I'm kind of
using that as like a guide just like
running towards this giant bridge then
hopefully I'll find this in the Opera
House
I'm just running I have no idea where
I'm at and it's exhilarating it's fun
just like I'll figure it out as I get
there oh yeah I can see the bridge right
up there I gotta go head towards that oh
this is gorgeous hey I want to find this
in the Opera House so I go that way or
this way that way on the wrong way
all right you stay close to the water
yes thank you okay thank you I'm gonna
sing some opera thank you
there gots word look there everybody
here is very friendly in Australia look
it's a metal contraption thingy that
cars seen better days yeah it's a watch
for falling rock okay there's the bridge
I've been headed towards I've got to get
up on there I'm not sure I'm enough to
ask some friendly Australians for help
wow that is cool you see the Australian
flag right there waving a high on top I
gotta find out what the name of this
bridge is what's name of this bridge
Harbour Bridge cool thanks man
appreciate it
okay the Harbour Bridge there it is Wow
I've seen that so many movies pictures
before it's a lot bigger in real life
the Harbour Bridge come down to the
Sydney Opera House the iconic landmark
of Australia there's palm trees so
there's the Sydney Opera House and it
looks like the Carnival Spirit is in
dock look at those water slides on this
giant cruise ship this thing is like a
city on the water these boats are so big
it's amazing to me that these things can
float on the water
just like an entire city there's a water
slide on top there's humungous
incredible spirit huh so you guys know
how I said I'm ending the daily vlogs
March 5th then I'm gonna take a month
off I don't know if I'll take a whole
month off but I think what we're gonna
do is go like on a two-week cruise with
all the kids and just log off the
internet for two straight weeks
do they have two-week cruises maybe like
a 10-day cruise just something just
because I've been online every single
day for the last five years I think
that'll be a nice little vacation so I
gotta try to make it around this harbour
over to the Opera House I want to see it
up close
we did it there it is the Sydney Opera
House right here
a beautiful darling harbour this is so
crazy the iconic Sydney Opera House one
of probably the most recognizable
landmarks I would say in the world where
this life will take you my friends where
this life will take you
that's crazy I just you know I this is
my moment I think of the history and the
time and effort that went into building
this thing and all the people that have
be able to say yeah it was there at the
Sydney Opera House it's just so cool to
be here in Australia you know growing up
all I knew of Australia was Crocodile
Dundee and like the rescuers down under
you know and then like this and like
boomerangs and kangaroos it's like
that's all you ever knew about Australia
but like coming here and seeing it it is
gorgeous just to think like this is I'm
excited I feel nostalgic you know I
don't know how to explain it the best
way possible but just to think that in
my lifetime I will have said that I've
visited places like this like this has
been an opportunity you know to be able
to come to just different places and
meet different people I don't know I
can't get my words out right but I just
am so excited to be here and this is
quite the experience let's go see this
place see what they have to offer this
is gorgeous this is a gorgeous day this
is a gorgeous Botanical Gardens you're
gorgeous you're gorgeous
sir you are gorgeous I feel alive hello
hi-5 kid this is amazing so like look at
this giant tree that's the old tree yeah
oh look at the view from the opera house
from here overlooking the harbor my kids
I wish my kids are here dude they would
love to climb in this big majimak of a
moon árboles
three naked dudes took me out for a
night on the town and boy oh boy
I cannot remember what happened the last
12 hours haha joke hey guys this I
forgot it was Sunday so you're getting a
video instead of one takes Sunday
because I love you you are you guys are
the best just go ahead and thumbs up cuz
you feel the love in my heart for your
faces I am loving Sydney my run
yesterday to the Opera House was amazing
I instagrammed a picture yesterday
saying it was one of the most memorable
of my life it was it was I couldn't get
the words out to explain how I felt but
it was just so fascinating being there
and seeing that iconic Australian
landmark it was just something special I
am really having a great time here the
one thing I don't like is the internet
is wrong today I'm headed down to vid in
to go meet all of you who are here in
Australia to say hi and I'm excited and
I'll see you tomorrow love your faces
honey I miss you kids be good I love you
guys I'll see you on Tuesday
