 like your name shake
Shay died
did you miss the monkey bars
she picked right up I'm you are watch go
shopping hey Roger
what are you doing this morning oh just
playing mark
those are nice boys he can't quite do
them himself yet but he's working on it
all right let's see it
she hasn't done these all summer and
she's super proud that she's still got
it good job honey
do the other nice good job you haven't
missed a beat you'll be skipping on as
soon as worse I don't know it's too
early one thing that kids are super
excited about this year's restart
actually has two of her best friends in
her class and so does baby time so it's
working out perfectly you have two of
your best friends in your class the two
that you loved the most last year are in
your class this year and the same with a
mature two of her favorite friends are
in a hot oh good job okie dokie so I'm
here on the beach I'm gonna get myself a
beach run in and then I have to run home
and pack and fly to Australia I'm coming
down under am I gonna throw another
shrimp on the Bobby make another one of
my bad accent so one thing that I love
to do is because if you know how lax the
airport here in Los Angeles is situated
the majority of the planes take off over
the ocean so as you're leaving LAX you
like fly over the ocean and you see this
beach right here you can look up and see
like the Santa Monica Pier and this
whole strand this is like right where
I've lost all my weight where I always
come for the last four years and go
running so every time I leave Los
Angeles I like to come on one last beach
run before I leave because it's no it's
like it's my baby this is where I lost
my way I will forever eternally be
connected to the sand and the water
right here on Venice Beach and one of my
favorite things to do as the plane
leaves la Exodus flying over the Pacific
Ocean I like to look down and think I've
run up and down
a beach hundreds of times so I'm gonna
go do it again right now let's go
okay pirate are you ready we got this
pirate ship tent that grandma gave him a
long long time ago and we just found it
packed up with all our stuff what is
that a pirate ship sword hmm I don't
know well think about it once we get
this tent up you'll be able to tell huh
yeah it's super men okay cool let's put
the chin up are you ready Wow I wouldn't
mess with you okay this is the coolest
thing ever no Chad what do you think put
your head out right here right here come
look out come look out no right here
come look out right here
hardy mateys you're the cutest pirate in
the whole world I love it do you like it
okay thank you grandma you're the cutest
thing in the world thank you you're
welcome you're welcome
thanks for saying thank you okay now say
now you got to go irons like a pirate go
iron I love it we come inside - you want
to come inside do you want to come in
there with you I'm not sure I'll fit
let's try it okay we're going inside the
pirate ship all right then knocking over
the Pirates mom's kind of big for the
Pirates it o is a glance to come into
pirates oh oh hi hey you wanna come in
the pirate ship no no you're gonna rip
it you can't go into my resume and sorry
you're not invited to the pirate ship no
no
we have a dragon a dragon sign to obtain
alright so now I'm all finished and I'm
all sweaty
they're shooting a movie right here with
Helen Hunt oh she's right in that car
you can't see it Helen Hunt's right in
that car mad about you Helen Hunt I just
had to make them stop shooting because I
had to pull my truck through there
that's cool
they're always shooting something down
here I asked the guy cuz he stopped me
he's like he just gotta wait for a
minute they're doing a shot right now so
I just teasing with him I said so he's
over there Tom Cruise this is no Helen
Hunt I was like oh cool
I just gets here you could really see it
cuz those windows were blacked out
that's the cool thing about living down
here in LA Venice areas are always
shooting some like commercial TV show
you can always tell by these big gaffer
trucks that have these big trailers and
trucks where they pull in and like
create this little city for like food
and gear and tools and lights and all
kinds of stuff alright that Dino is your
secondary school you do that during
class you want to do it though yeah dude
don't do that because you don't want to
make your teachers hate you right off
the bat but every time I'm 50 that's
what you're doing that's cool though
that's fun to have a little hobby that
you like to do how about you princess
chard how was your day great well your
hair looks super did the cute and your
necklace broke again right darn it my
brother gave it to aunt patty just fixed
that and then these little flowers fell
off of it sure the flowers
this is grant my grandma gave us me so
I'm saying that this is her kindness
this is her heart and this is her oh
that's sweet okay so we're a backbone
when we were having our after-school
snack what's your effort school snack
today guys it's analog anyway it's real
and hominy laughs oh yeah me are you
just gonna eat the ants and not the rest
of it eat the green stuff too it's part
of the deliciousness yes it is eat it
you like it she loves her rock-hard come
eat your ants on a log
let's see if he ate any of it that's the
extent of his eating who's after
supposed oh my there are bites out of
that just out of the top though that's a
three year old mill right there Rob card
comment eat your Anton Allah the Oh No
what happened did the ship capsized all
right what shame doin taco night Boise
through tackles there yummy yum yum yeah
yeah of course it is cuz mommy tart
makes the best tacos in all the land
Oh baby I'm not ready to eat you up it's
a crock at the tacodile scenes from the
movies that you're the chance of
meatballs - this is not a brand
endorsement supreme yeah I guess they've
seen that preview a few times huh that's
good makes me hungry I feel like I'll be
really hungry
what mesquita butter because your body
that's my favorite part because it
reminds me of buttermilk biscuits boat
or you guys you know see the previews of
that what is it what is it cloudy was a
chance st. sunny with a chance Cloudy
with a Chance of Meatballs 2 and then
there's like a butter frog
it's like boat or mining know there's a
leak in the boat and that's another name
for like an onion as leeks
that's a leak it's a vegetable so there
it's like a puns of two uses of words
little jokes that kids don't get that
mom and dad appreciate okey-dokey we're
headed to the airport at LAX we're going
to what is the airline queres a Qantas
aquaintance P Sherman 42 Wallaby Way
Sydney Qantas that said you guys think
about this I'm gonna get on the airplane
right now you guys are gonna go home
you're gonna wake you're gonna go to bed
you're gonna wake up you're gonna go to
school and then you're go to school I'm
still gonna be on the airplane I don't
get off the airplane until you guys are
eating lunch tomorrow so you guys think
about me tomorrow while you're eating
lunch why are you eating your mashed
potatoes and chicken think about all my
dad he just got off his airplane is that
are you gonna have for lunch tomorrow
roast turkey that sounds delightful well
think about my sore numb bum that's
gonna have been sitting in an airplane
seat for 13 hours it's gonna be a numb
bum you get numb bum on this fly it get
numb bum I hope they have blankets and
pillows that will be good and sedatives
or horse tranquilizers we'll see what
they have
I'll miss you because your mom okay
squeezes everybody's little bit of
silence is over okay
yeah that's what I said you buy would
see the something to wear together but
every time you lose issues like okay
they're gonna kick us out of here yeah
help me
hey thanks little helper right work
thank you
the international terminal at LAX is
very unique
well not unique it's just different I've
been to LAX a million times that's like
I know I like the back of my hand but
this is just it's more diverse a lot of
different looking people I like it
because this is the terminal it just
flies out there's like Qantas which is
all Australia and all the Asian airlines
and then just like look at how the Asian
stewardesses dress up it's like that
movie with Leonardo DiCaprio catch me if
you can it's like they dressed fancy
they look gorgeous there's like ten of
them that just came through I like it
it's just cool seeing different people
in like different faces but there's
still families look at that little guy
Oh make three myths wrong part already
doesn't matter who you are or where
you're from family is universal it's
cool seeing that I'm headed to a land
down under six foot four and full of
muscles you know that song right it's
Australian Sun okay I'm at the airport
we are headed to Sydney Australia I've
never been there before
tire life is messy thank you guys I
appreciate and realize that because of
you your willingness to watch my video
thanks on the part of this journey that
is why I am going to Sydney Australia
right now there are people that are
willing to pay to come meet me and so
then this company is willing to fly me
out for free to come to this giant
convention and to meet you guys so I
just want to say thank you for that hey
guys
vlogging thanks Amy
w-water so here we go if I found the
airplane and I'm excited coz she said
that there's like light down I mean six
foot four and full of muscle I don't
remember the words I don't either
Skype me what's the what's the app
Shazam it you guys know how many
airplanes we've been on together and you
know the rule every time you get on
their plane or safety you have to touch
the outside of the plane
the most important outside of the plate
attachment ever in treatment instantly
or had exhausted me Australia that's a
13-hour quite and I'd better touch me
bring me back to my family oh you better
touchdown the ladies room get there you
go all right
I rode on a giant flying steel box for
13 hours got to the beautiful land of
Sydney Australia have had a lovely time
here met some amazing people already but
I feel at this point it is Friday night
at 1041 p.m. at this recording I feel
like I've been awake for three weeks
somehow I don't know how that's possible
but just travelling across the world and
like meeting all these new people and
it's been a crazy like jet lag time
shift excuses and blah blah blah I'm
gonna take a hot bath and then go to
sleep and then I'm gonna wake up
tomorrow morning and I'm gonna go for a
run and I'm gonna run by the Sydney
Opera House you know when like Little
Nemo comes and he sees like the Sydney
Opera House I'm gonna run by that
tomorrow morning
I'm really excited for that I love you
guys thank you so much for watching our
videos commenting thumbs up being and
being a part of this journey we call
life I love you guys sincerely I
appreciate all that you do for us and we
hope to continue to bring you smiles
happiness hope and optimism and maybe
some laughs Africa okay see you tomorrow
goodbye good night I love you
