again this is really right to get water
family in the camera right now is not my
year that was the year but this is the
camera right here I'm sorry I'm sorry we
just want to say hi update you guys were
missing dirty a lot he laughed and now
he's gone and now they're loser okay
oh thank you guys all time there and is
it hot or cool is it hot or cold dad of
course
or is it rainy and I love you more than
okay okay you won't see my face in it
okay I want to take mom she wrapped her
do you have any questions for dad yeah
what are you gonna say everything even
their point yes dad you remember playing
where did he go do it on the airplane
daddy won in their line now rock arts
done okay baby tired do you want to ask
that anything um yeah what do we got
dad I love you and I hope you're having
a great time Matt and hmm close that
word again because I don't know she'll
be back to do some sponsors yeah you
played he will you be back for my
birthday though
save your party we're not going to have
your party on your birthday we're in a
wait until that gets back to have your
party okay we're having a slumber party
this weekend with the cousin okay that's
it you know hi dad
I hope you hadn't returned there and um
we're gonna can only me in you and a
biack can go to the tailor stress oh
yeah remember that when you're too loud
reports their ears Hey
I don't know okay so what up
wait am I talking to dad was I talking
to people you're going to talk to that
because he's going to answer our
questions when he makes the video okay
it's gonna be pot we're kind of like the
vlogbrothers but well there's a lot more
of us okay so sick
relish fight it's unfair turn
don't try to steal all the limelight no
you know you like the wire yeah hey you
have any questions for dad hmm
chocolate they're on here cuz last time
Steve get my chocolate see it was really
okay away when he gets in the red that
means it's way too late yeah oh now we
just turned on a video that Logan was
making on this other computer
hold on Logan how did he buy it that
pausing Logan okay oh wait I got let's
show these what should I still laughing
okay what do you want to thank you and
also if you see koala take a picture of
it also could you bring me a bamboo
stick bamboo their staff if they have
those yep you can take about nap on the
plane let's do it not chocolate it mom
okay are you game those chocolate and
now how can you get those for me are you
guys or anything you're gonna ask for
sock I can ask for set but beak once say
hello to Vicky siggy where'd you go oh
my goodness baby charged for crazy now
Logan okay as you can see it gets a
little chaotic here at the show charge
residents and so on the go I'm a Vulcan
civil to do some crowd control and make
some dinner so we love you little
minutes no matter I having a net we
can't wait to Tom be happy but there's
so much in a koala tries to attack you I
love you no matter what again I'm going
on in down might try to attach to okay
yeah if you ever see any interesting by
dad I love you okay okay love you so
much bro
