hello there shaycarl here hey you guys
so I am in Sydney Australia right now
this is the farthest I've ever been away
from the mainland I'm down here
specifically to throw another shrimp on
the Bobby um okay so here's the
situation
I am delirious because we just flew 13
hours from LA to Australia and it's 4:30
in LA what time is it here 9 a.m.
it's nice what day is it
it's Friday where I'm at I missed a day
and you know this guy say hi
hey say hi oh dude that's sweet yeah I
baby subacute we got dead cow yeah you
dance as hard as this guy you can eat
whatever you want so we lost today it's
Friday morning here where I'm at I
didn't even get to live Thursday the
15th in my life that's a day that I'll
get it back right when will we come back
so when I fly home but that call never
see Thursday take you back for I know I
will never have experienced living
Thursday Mart or August 15th 2013
everybody else because they've been with
you every Sunday
everyone long guys we all miss that day
what was it like you guys what was it
like the 15th it's the 16th where I'm at
I don't know how that works but like
somehow I try and travel into the future
so we're eating breakfast this place
where a really fancy hotel and they have
a juicer where you can like I like
juiced my own beets and carrots and
apples in here and then I got some
pineapple juice and then I had some
mixed berries and then I have a carrot
so healthy don't let me fool you I'm
gonna go get some hash browns and bacon
and pancakes here in a minute but I
wanted to start off with some nutrient
filled stuff so I'm here for vid ich in
Sydney Australia I've already met a few
of you uh hi Tiffany she was at the
airport when I landed she was there she
won the jumpsuit from the shake
out here video remember that Chase
towing jumpsuit that I had that I gave
away on Rodeo arcade well she wanted she
had her back and she showed it Dobie so
uh I have a panel today on YouTube the
YouTube people are coming to pick us up
at 1:30 and then I have to go to a panel
and then I'm just gonna be here in
Sydney for the next four or five days so
the vlogs are gonna be weird because the
time is weird so I'm going to import the
footage that I have and edit it and
maybe I'll just upload it late tonight
and then it'll be tomorrow for you guys
anyways so yeah this is shaycarl from
the future dude it's so great here the
future they have juice they have these
new inventions called dingle hoppers and
that's great so it is Friday the 16th my
phone doesn't work
I don't know how am I gonna hold up
Colette says no service it's 9:30 August
16th Friday August crazy anyways um so I
will update you guys as I can I'm in
Sydney Australia I'm excited to go see
the Opera House the Sydney Opera House
and we're gonna we're gonna have like
them it's gonna be crazy
okay um Colette I don't know how to get
ahold of you this might be the only way
I can communicate it could be like then
like the vlog brothers honey he's the
only way that we communicate let's just
do that the next couple days I don't
think I'm gonna be on with Colleen so
honey upload a video and talk to me and
ask me questions I love you okay so this
is just a little update I just landed I
realized that it's 4:30 in the afternoon
in California time which means the kids
are home from school and I didn't get
the video up so I'm here in Sibley okay
you soon look Casey I wear your sweater
okay look just by
