hi I'm logging here it's first day
school you ready yeah
um priestess tart is ready she is not
feeling it yet she hasn't felt the first
day school bug yet are you ready
Momsen mom says when you're tired when
you're tired you don't wake up she says
people sleepy bones you have sleepy
bones
oh good morning did you pick out your
first day school outfit does it have
anything to do with Taylor Swift yes it
does I know cool we'll get dressed and
come down and show me on a mango start
breakfast okay morning dude that's why
he's right school yeah you're wearing
your underwear to school home don't
worry I won't show them didn't pay time
for me to make some breakfast and my
breakfast tradition is usually starts
with watermelon so we're gonna start
there good morning watermelon how are
you I promise I'll try to better it
sitting here on the counter I'm sorry
but we must eat - you are just delicious
to us I guess that is my calling in life
it's a little too early what ha ha ha
somebody's excited for the first day
school are you guys excited for the
birthday school
yeah yeah no maybe hard back there Rock
part gets bursts of energy then he just
has to like let out
okay if any of you can translate for us
we'll give you a shiny gold penny cuz I
don't know what you're talking about you
crazy
I heard go eat food in there somewhere
are you dude are you excited first day
of school first day school everybody's
two lon first a school
don't let your pants fall down first
ease yeah don't do that you might not be
goal dude do I get a kiss goodbye are
you two going to give me a kiss goodbye
I'm the worst mom ever mom take it I
just on the cheeks on the cheek why
don't you come too
thank you have a good day love
bye I love being a mom I just got to
give him crap okay honey are you excited
he's just acto de lis relaxed this this
is old news you've done this before huh
yeah you had get a heavy bag you're glad
to get rid of some of your stuff where'd
you get that what is it we should
probably not eat that we don't know
where that came from
hidey-ho all right rock hard that's that
it's just you and me and dad I always
miss my kids when they go to school
doctor do you miss everybody yeah yeah
he's like no I get the TV and the couch
all to myself
I can play outside wait by myself
all right today is the first day of
school for the kids and it's funny that
I actually have to go to be in meetings
at make her all day remember princess
cards like but you have to go to
meetings at maker but I'm gonna be done
by one I'm shooting the music download
with on maker music with Omar who do you
I see it right now and then I'm gonna
get home I'm gonna get the video
uploaded before the kids get home and
when they get home I'm be ready there to
hug him and punch him in the face
you ready shoot this dog it's gonna be
download so yeah weird up there
Ivan I was like up all night thinking
about like cuz you don't have like the
little crazy things you do in between
segments and like we're some funny
things I could help dig up you're gonna
lift me over here dude I was thinking
that I was thinking that I don't really
I was like I can lift Omar oh it's
easier gonna Bob yeah what is gonna come
out you know Oh Friday Friday check it
out
Omar he's hosting a show on maker music
called the music download the maker meet
the maker music go check it out I'm
gonna be on I'm excited you're gonna do
it okay bye we have a meeting damn hey
guys do you know this dude give a little
some some hello everybody
I got so much street cred Dow this is
Terry Korean FX suicide
might have seen him in a walk off the
earth video the Taylor Swift video he
was in what commercial I saw the movie
over via the Microsoft Microsoft Surface
joists every enemy right now yeah
talking about the new song for I got my
socks on
he's gonna be part of it got all these
handsome lovely people Brad theater CJ's
Oh Reb all right but we're gonna be
shooting a music video go subscribe to
this dude he is the best would you say
you're the very best in the world
you can't say that I will say that you
stay that VJ zones in the universe best
beat boxer in the entire Google plot
take that merchants take that Martians
check them out let's subscribe right now
to this dude and we are gonna be making
music video together it's gonna be
amazing
what we can show you guys I got my song
so just do I got nope okay okay let's
see later yeah
okay ready so we're doing the
transitions on a march show he has these
crazy transitions and so this is where
I'm picking up over my head stubs the
board I haven't done this for a while
you ready towards me bitch Longfellow
move good to stay stiff again
Travelle
hello
that wasn't as tall as this before but I
gotta move up there got a very stiff as
a board I'm like oh his life flash
before his eyes hey where's your
brothers and sisters where's the kids at
the scores well they went to school
today yeah do you want to go to school
no you don't what do you want to do Oh
school come on take you to the school
you like hanging out with mom and dad at
home geez
baby stop you excited to have a new baby
brother are you gonna be nice to him do
you know you gonna have a new baby
brother here let me just pick your nose
for a second yeah cool all right so the
kids first day at school and it's just
the three of us hanging out at the house
: one have a make-out session walk would
you make you want to make out with the
Keene wall how is it first day with kids
at school nice except for that rock
guard is like he said that she's at
school so we'll see how it goes awful
year of this does he he won't want to
school next year
cuz he'll have he'll be for next year
pre-k next year he can poor guy
well he'll have a little baby to hang
out with soon he can wrestle the new
baby get him all rough-and-tumble Doug I
want to have a bite of this delicious
man again looks good smells good smell
on the cilantro
okay go show Mom all right
mom sit that's cute
you just brought it all up to me he's
like dad would put this on why do you
want to put all your clothes on I turned
around he's got all that stuff nyah
like I'm ready yeah he just came up to
me for some reason want to put his coat
gloves and hat on cool dude looking
awesome he's ready to go out in the snow
he forgets that we live in California
like those gloves good throw some sweet
snowballs those gloves maybe build a
snowboard jump yeah we get my shoe shine
okay you church shoes on I get you some
snow boots got any snow boots he's
thinking do I think I do all about it
you have to wait till she gets released
we have to call names so everybody knows
who's names
they are yeah we making some better
school shoes that's the problem with for
shopping with little girls is all they
want to pick out is those pretty hot
times Hastert shoes but they're not
working out for school no tennis shoe
shop or did you buy lunch
not yet don't work I did but there was
excess paper I think you don't have to
pay they always get things from the
table other people don't like it they
just sit on the phone I just got it from
there oh okay
and it was like this chicken with rice
with carrots in it and it's all just one
did you like it yeah I hope they never
put food on that table cause you should
be eating urbanize
did you like your teacher told me my
material she liked him he was very nice
okay baby charts now ready to tell us
about her day my teacher at her house
she said um yours
she found a big hole and inside it so
four eyes okay she's got four eyes that
was it and she went to go get her flesh
she saw two baby bunnies oh well that's
not scary that story started off pretty
scary ah
Zenda how was your birthday school is
good did anybody make fun of you cause
you kissed your mom tell me more tell me
well since there's a lot of kids we're
just like kind of one big brown but
there's a door to go to the other class
and
so it's a really big chance of like 72
kids all right it's like two classes of
36 kids there's only two fourth grade
teacher yeah that's crazy
well you'll have to be really
well-behaved so that they love you okay
high five
that's a goal for all of you right are
you still in your snow gear yeah he was
excited to see you guys all they gotta
go tell daddy she wore her Taylor Swift
shirt today
Lindsey do you want you good go to
school give me alone hey cool it dude
right are you warm yeah good
oh crap kids are home and it has 14
minutes on the export I told him I'd
have the video up why
how was school tell me about it what no
really yeah that's Chris from my
birthday on his hard candy machine a
cotton candy machine a whole machine why
not a chocolate waterfall in an oompa
loompa while you're at it you don't want
any of those just a cotton candy machine
sure no I don't know ask your best
friend Taylor so if anybody can help you
out are you here I was schooled you guys
get any fights and he bullying what's
going on any boyfriends girlfriends
hey is what's-his-name in your class he
he did what'd he say
want a hot cheeto Jim maybe you were
saying wanna cheat Oh hottie have you
saying that well he asked you what did
you say I said not really cuz I not only
fan oh you're like hot cheetos yeah
princes heard it has a boyfriend that
she liked that was in her class last
year so he's not in your class this year
I have some hot the girl that he liked
is in his class right but he looks it
difficult who do you like no she's
beautiful
Oh
Connor Connor you think she's beautiful
so this pretty girl she's cute and ask
her out on a date what if she liked to
do
her name is Valley she's really tall she
has blonde hair she's this what if she
watches our videos now you're telling
her
say hi Valerie love ya the Eskimo yes
see the Eskimo
what did she like to do she likes this
well she's on swim team I think oh snap
dude you better get a six-pack cuz you
gonna see you and your with tidied swim
shorts the your junk huggers so they do
it after wear those like speedos I call
him junk huggers she also loves to play
waterfall just shake long walks on the
beach
I don't know doesn't but she's really
tall but she's younger than me she's
like this tall what she do tall blondes
yeah we're talking about I like short
brunettes alright welcome home you guys
my vlog is about done exporting and I'm
gonna upload it it'll be done in 30
minutes I promise I'm sorry I failed you
but we're so close come on do some
pull-ups all right pull up time what's
the matter
YouTube is broken I ground it dude I
just got the longest uh-oh
it just said ten thousand six hundred
minutes to upload a video more than two
hours that's like two weeks to wait
boots so if you follow me on Twitter
than you saw I've been tweeting there's
something along there so I know what it
is I have refreshed a browser I
restarted my
pewter I restarted Safari and I tried
Google Chrome I tried multiple just not
working
we're not uploading so I'm just gonna
keep trying I've probably hit upload 25
times on the vlog today that's not
working for some reason but if you still
loves me
ooh no target voters Hey
are you sitting in a bumble yeah he
likes it thanks Evie thanks for sharing
she's like I'm not sure I'm ready to
share a life I have to get one of those
for your baby brother I know I was like
this is like a bit of baby your big
lesson until when they get the chunky
thighs oh yeah okay that's hilarious
hey you pictures giggles hey what do you
have on your hands what are those falls
flat
rubs he was whining around the house and
he was tink something I could understand
him and then all of a sudden I realized
I said do you want your gloves see and
he's like yeah mom clubs but he was
saying snow hands love snow has time see
what what are we seeing blues and pinks
okay we have to go see the blues and
Pink's oh my goodness I don't think I
want to see the blues and Pink's oh yes
I got an alarm clock for the girls
hopefully it will work it's not very
loud we got this for the girls it has a
pink display
oh and just let you know okay you like
the most
I like you have to like - I like big on
how I think I like the red one can I
just like one of them I like the red one
it's beautiful and classy look what what
is that what your room what's going on
it's just a duster we can't clean it off
boas your honor
okay hold on we have to go look at
something that's blue now
okay what's blue oh you got another
alarm clock that one's for Sun card cool
are you going to wake up with the kids
when they make up for school
maybe maybe you'll wake up before he
does because he's a heavier sleeper than
you are hey why anybody dead
well sorta come here babe I just got a
tumblr babe you guys follow him onward
you have to endure it in a tough time
what I did every day I'm tumble in don't
copy my tumble damn there's our there's
gonna be a chip on tumblr yeah perfect
hey I'm only following one person on
tumblr buy a favorite tumble of all the
dollar what you do
oh this is exciting and listen I like
answering like emails and like anonymous
babe just ask what is your opinion on
pornography and I put low then you wash
it it's dangerous but it's confident
sure but there's like an anonymous
question and then I can answer it on
more social media I'll never spend time
with you again sorry for your marriage
thanks for that Tumbo you want it every
day your dump of it so follow me on
tumblr what is mine I'm Shay Carl Butler
tumbler calm that's original
my name of it was more so proud of ya
for Bolton your tumblr I just tweeted
that I have a tumblr and I almost have a
thousand followers I have knew a
thousand 18 thanks for calling on tumblr
you guys I just I'm I'm not seeing you
all the rest of the night thing I'm like
a famous on douchey
well shaycarl just google me Google me
me oh stop oh oh I think we knew we're
gonna do that Audrina is a bad habit I'm
gonna do that like more money I can't
learn so he has learned that is her best
offense if I try to tickle her she
screams and I'm like stop it I can't
tickle her anymore cuz that she does
that and it's like okay I'm sorry I'm
not tickling honey yeah catch it
no no but let's continue our day back to
me come back are you back she caught you
guys but we're background and I linked
my what's called instagrams tumblr
what's it called that's exciting
yeah yeah for social media birds in one
stone I can upload a picture to
Instagram Facebook Twitter and Tumblr
all with one click a button you guys
make sure you like on all of this posts
okay you want it to trim that's really
cool to think like I can pick a picture
and then post it on four different
websites all these right is so famous
like the internet yeah Terry okay all
right that fix hit it all right you guys
I cannot wait for you to hear this song
we had an amazing brainstorm session for
this music video I got my socks on I'm
bringing the very best beat boxer in all
of the land
this dude is amazing and we already have
some really great ideas I cannot wait to
show you this guy's gonna be shoot at
the very first of September click on
yesterday's vlog click on the feelin
lucky if you wanna see with the
Shaytards doing one two three and four
years ago click on those corresponding
numerical numbers and go subscribe to my
buddy Terry hit it dawg
this little study dog and just a little
reminder if you want to be in the music
video you gotta get yourself some songs
they will be on pre-order until Saturday
that pre-order ends on Saturday so you
have to get them by this weekend links
below see you guys tomorrow
