but your beard is awesome
and your kids are awesome
and your wife is hot
Oh shame
Oh
ah
hey guys how's it going Oh Oh did you
just lose a board what look on your face
oh it's okay it's okay
haha public on your face is like all
right slave driver the slave driver
today come on get on the end let's go
baby tard pull your weight you slacker
slackers
every single one of y'all slackers get
it up here daddy's on one today
oh don't break it don't break it do you
need help yes maybe I should put the
camera down oh yes oh you have to tell
yourself this it's a coming-of-age
experience I guess some sort don't break
it safe though break it won't break I
got the bottom part built what's taking
you guys so long
Hey who helped huh your dad's crazy
go get him get him good job baby turn
what is up with the scarves can we cut
the scarfs off please yeah it's such a
it looks messy moms in charge now we're
cutting scarfs off all right so we're
working our butts off to get this house
as clean as possible because I'm gonna
be in Australia for a week so I want to
try to like help Colette get as much
stuff done as I can so look at the new
room this is like my office this is
gonna be like the office slash workout
area very excited about that and the
girls room is starting to not look like
such a trash heap we got their bed put
up and their shelf put in and then
they're gonna start organizing stuff
right
yeah what is it like bricks of something
hurry let's see what it is I'm excited
hey hey hey hey we're cleaning up here
don't see any of that crap let me see
what you get Oh up that shoe down dude
is that from Holland that's cool
but that's a wooden shoe you guys those
are Dutch to a sharpener no way it is oh
yeah look at that a wooden shoe is
colored pencil sharpener my oh my that's
awesome what do you say
say thanks Holland that's a country
people from Holland watch our videos is
that crazy
thanks Holland we appreciate it throw
the stuff away right to the garbage you
guys oh I will smack I am going crazy
thank you guys for all your presence but
we have so many like little plastic
paper right what nothing I was talking
about there's just so many like a Barbie
shoe here and a barrette here and the
little pink thing that goes that's like
I don't I don't know where all that junk
goes I'm throwing it away it's trash you
got to lose some stuff in every move let
me see that though that's actually
pretty cool yeah dude you can take that
to school put it on your desk that's
what you should do take it to school and
put it on your desk oh then you can use
these colored pencils and then sharpen
it when you need that's awesome yes
that's really cool take it to school
baby tard you can take it to school put
on your desk cool put in your backpack
you guys you got new backpacks right
start loading your backpacks up you guys
you have school tomorrow and I have just
put my workout together it's going to be
a tough one I'm doing 30 pull-ups 300
push-ups 100 curl presses which is like
those barbell curl push presses I do and
then 700 jumping jacks
that's my workout as I export and upload
the video today it's gonna be a tough
one that's probably take me two hours to
get all these done it's gotta be painful
hey okay I'm almost done my workout
this is maybe one of the best workouts
I've done in months oh I really push
myself today and I've set a new goal I
did I've did I can't talk no Morse I did
three hundred push-ups in the fewest
amount of sense I've ever done it
I did three hundred and three push-ups
in seven sets this is like the most I've
gotten per set since I've been doing my
upload push-ups 303 push-ups in seven
sets I've done a hundred and something
my curl presses I still need a one more
set of jumping jacks I've done really
good on my pull-ups to weigh more than
thirty I was stronger on those and I
thought it would be I've showed this
exercise what I'm calling my curl
presses in a shayloss video I'm just
gonna show you real quick what you can
do at home with some dumbbells just
while you're sitting front your cat
communication device that looks like a
computer just grab yourself some normal
dumbbells I love these for full body
exercise keep your back straight come
here curl above the head that's one here
curl - these are just light this is
twenty five pound dumbbells and then 20
of these such a good full-body workout
oh just sweating and breathing I love it
so now that I take a shower because Sam
macaroni and the crew are coming over to
shoot a shaycarl video all yeah whoa
what is this in my doorway we're making
two YouTube videos hi hi God Sam McEnroe
me got t-money running the camera I'm
excited about this part she's got to
knock all of that stuff onto the floor
not make mess thank you this is a big
event to make a huge mess well act
easily so we got a brand deal with
Windex you guys know it's like sometimes
we're making is it's like I think
youtubers are tempted to be like how do
we make it seem like it's not a brand
deal but I found that it's just better
just come out so hey guys listen when
Dex is paying me to make a video and we
use Windex because we have kids and they
freaking make messes every day is we're
next touch-ups sound easy on the brand
he's like the spokesperson cuz he's been
directing and producing
videos it's gonna be funny this is how
you make a good brand deal you make a
video that you would make anyways that's
funny
and then you incorporate the brand in a
funny quirky way and I really like this
idea we're just going to go up it's
something that I wanted anyway
sure 23rd of August oh yeah nice so be
looking for that on the shaycarl chubby
sam days we and princess tart has been
in here producing the holding she's like
death Judas yet because they're gonna
have to have a whole bit and then the
intro shot with Colette Bonnie Tom iris
I was aware Tommy you're moving isolated
okay you ready yeah Miguel oh hey oh so
it's gonna probably crashes I'm like I
don't know like yes like like oh and
just like yeah great
oh gotta run this GoPro look I got a
sweet GoPro shot going down alright yeah
see that I took me 10 minutes to set
that up just I wanna okay you see that
look at that he has the a so where you
can see the screen and then he's
recording that's cool dude that's
technology is my bad once Logan had that
same GoPro that he just lost from the
bottom of a river oh you shoot this him
and his buddies jumping off this bridge
and the GoPro just sunk to the bottom
yeah you're not putting floaties on
Alessandra
happy home hey doing just making a video
alright I'm recording here we go if you
want to see that you can get over here
of an angle so you can fill me making a
mess of your kitchen it up my smart if
you're on the side I'm recording audio
well they're okay they're all in there
d1 rock'n'roll okay alright so when this
Iranian just layout mess okay such a
good kid
it's like so gung-ho about it you like
alright shaycarl makes mistake one only
take only out of one taker okay so I'm
coming from this angle
yeah take that little breath thank you
hey why you're running really pretty big
machine bro let me just see that you're
blocking the mess from this stomach yeah
right right here cuz then you're a long
wheel
great great alright here we go whatever
you want okay yeah can we free deist we
free do that no broke yeah yeah you just
wash it off that's it
if you were gonna do after you can
actually watch it okay how you can use
clean this up real quick
yeah I make it to Joe
funny so far no current people that are
very smart
anyway a table top funny to China
I can't move straight out I don't think
we can't I don't think we can Shay is
currently pouring water into a pot right
now so talented chosen to do it shows
watch watch ready and then boom team on
what I want you to get is my bicep there
in the foreground can you get that I got
ya
and that's how the big boys do it
meanwhile Rock guards wearing his
popcorn shoes what are you doing buddy
huh I looked at the window Han what did
I see Brock tard skating down the
popcorn tree gonna cook those you just
gonna ice skate around the floor on him
the imagination of a three-year-old hey
what are you doing you skating on them
okay that's cool dude okay we are on the
martini shot as I call it in the biz
which is the last shot of the day and we
have some like fake spaghetti and rock
artists eating rock hard you're not
really supposed to eat it just for the
video yeah it's kind of part of the skit
is that it's just like disgusting
spaghetti that I made with ketchup and
stuff yeah I did I sprayed it all over
the baby belly and rocked hard it's also
be disgusted with it but he's over there
just chomping down you can't stop it
you can't stop him he's like yeah play
noodles are you doing deck deck with
your fork dude what can you all your
fork nice dude get quick report
he's always tech decking with his
dinglehopper that sounded a little weird
I was tech decking his dinglehopper you
know what I mean right little Merman
attacking Roger I'm not good taking me
this dog
that's my pizza press to my pizzas -
good news hello you guys was this
beautiful ugly daddy but honest yeah
couple must be tough look at the farm up
and coming me Twitter it's
because the Maya when you
