hi login here we hello guys Tellem is a
willing to hear even microprocessor back
here Joseph is a relative even at this
time ha no we the bad together together
you're so cute
dude you're awesome you're like little
Taylor Swift man you want to sing at the
concert I feel bad now cuz I didn't get
you a ticket
where's the iPad I don't know an iPad as
yeah I got everybody tickets to the
concert except for rocks are you all
gummy bears and you're making demands
now I use that on your rider
I want only green gummy bears dad let's
see your hand that's cool put it on your
face look up hold still
wait hold on put him down you ready okay
look up hold still ready okay okay look
up don't move don't move ready ready oh
I missed it hold on hold so little
there's baby tart in a Carbonite back
here a lot I'll do it to you then I'll
show you on the camera ready
okay look up ready look up here we go
there's rock tart oh thank you to open
your mouth you look like a Simpsons
character cute
let's see if Zeek will do it come here
Zeki hey look up ready ready I'm still
Oh his nose did it for a second he was
like whoa was that a Chan okay here you
go
ready
what do you love yawning about well are
you gonna hold it there do it again
excuse me get in here right now
ladies this is my desk not your desk
this is your crap not my crap remove it
from my desk your crap off of my desk
you see how that works this is what
we're gonna move what we're gonna move
this computer downstairs okay cuz this
is daddy's desk work out I don't want
all yours crap clogging up my desk
please Matthew do you like a good
smacking would you okay get all your
stuff off my desk eject it all right
I'll get it out for you what which one
of these which one of these is okay get
that one out of here that why you guys
are always confusing me reject it red
album eject red here it comes it's gonna
shoot out hit you in the face baby
target you ready it's comes out fast
that's okay you guys ready for the
concert yeah yeah brush your teeth all
right so we're gonna try to get as much
stuff moved into this house today as
possible where you going with that
oh yeah we're moving your rooms huh
what's up - moved all your stuff in here
now we're moving it downstairs so this
is gonna be the baby's room actually the
baby gonna sleep in here and Sun tart
and rock card are gonna have the
downstairs room he's sad you're moving a
baby yeah you're losing your brothers
they're gonna be downstairs where's
Hannah open it up what's inside of it
dude you move the stuff halfway down the
stairs yeah that's definitely baby stuff
back upstairs bring it back up your
muscles will get soaked
wrong what bad what'd you say get
it right through what are you doing I'm
reading the school information chillin
just chillin yeah I'm the director
I direct guys dude I'm gonna go build
that entertainment center thing today Oh
what what do you want he wants a tension
play he's getting way too up to play
this game with you change your shirt why
change in every two seconds what do you
think you're smart I'll look at him tige
whore whore okay so today is Saturday
it's like the first day that we've had a
chance to start like really kind of
molding the house into a shapeable form
that we're gonna have it in and so we're
working on the very front room the very
front room the front room very first ahh
so as you walk into the door of the
front door of our house it's like this
is like a sitting room then it goes up
to like a dining room and then that's
the kitchen in here so I have been
working on this I am very proud of what
I have accomplished by assembling this
IKEA furniture so what we're going to do
here is the big iMac computer that we
have we're gonna get a desk and want to
put it right there so this is going to
kind of be like the front room computer
room and I got the lights up and I hung
that up and I'd like screwed this to the
wall and then I got this futon in here
and then there's the family picture over
the fireplace
and I'm gonna go to Costco and get like
a huge rug to put right there on for
wrestling that's why we have rugs can't
wrestle on a slate floor got to have a
rug to wrestle Great Danes here
rabbits my butt that's how I get my mac
and cheese buddy
I just smack her on the bus they made me
some dinner - it's that sexist but still
oh hey what's going on yeah
what hey not doing nothing here rock
dragon makes macaroni and cheese my
friend
so yeah dad I'm gonna make some mac and
cheese his favorite part is pouring the
cheese in of course and kicking red
balls I like this new kitchen don't you
this is my favorite part having a little
sink in the island that's the main sink
over there have a nice view out to the
backyard I guess we're kind of doing a
little huh mini house tour right now
that's that yard but why turn on one
border and this one continues - let's
try to stay on new it feels like glitch
is just randomly we'll do that doesn't
like that it's not supposed to be could
that exploder ate us why do I feel like
you know I always get nervous with gas
stoves that like if you get a click
click clicking it's gonna explode irate
our faces
that'll be a great day
I hope we're filming where are you going
with that thing so centered and rock are
down here they can have boys room down
here this was Logan and Sophie's room
but now it's gonna be rock tour nice
together we should say done so if you
wouldn't mind that yeah right well guys
all know it like Nick crap here maybe
this I know
while he's fighting I'm coming back I
don't know that's what your mom sees
what she's home stupid she's gonna send
him back no oh she did yeah come on back
Logan well then why are we moving their
stuff in here if he's in Quebec well we
here will stay in the baby's room we
gotta get it ready stand on the baby
sorry well me you guys sleep in the
Graham now we're in thar Shay it is a
fine French establishment where you can
buy some goods and services we are
looking for a desk a rocking chair and a
rug you know I was thinking because I
was thinking about Monday because this
footage is gonna go up on Monday and how
I kind of like live life twice through
these vlogs I see you once when I record
it and then once when I
that I thought I should start singing
some messages for like later so so Shay
listen up you have about a hundred
emails in your inbox that you have not
been replying to that you need to get to
today is Monday the first day of the
week start this week right and get those
emails done Shay right now well I know
but when I upload this it's going to be
Monday so I'm telling my future Monday
self get those emails done quit
procrastinating the day of your email
replies oh did I cry too I would cry to
creation day you're created on Monday
Oh orientation creates in your day okay
you got a baby coming just what you want
to do want to get the baby's room at
Target huh
just do it all right now just get her
done rocking chair crib we have any
other cribs I feel like at this point we
should have like an old crib laying
around man why did we make another one
why you guys you're lucky I don't know
why you're lucky that baby dancer for me
you're not a baby no you cannot you have
way more toys I'm going I'm going
dries okay go use your eyes over there
Jesus I got my socks oh I got my socks
on I got the girl saw who has had that
song stuck in their head for the last 48
hours I know I have somehow that song
came into our lives and it's very catchy
and yes we are having a music video and
yes if you do have some of the shake our
argyle socks I will ask you to film a
clip of you dancing in them and yes you
will be in my music video so if you want
to get some argyle socks the pre-orders
are available now and they're only going
to last till the end of the week and so
you have like today's Monday the 12th
you have until I think so said
Friday or no Saturday the 17th to get
your pre-orders in for those socks so if
you want some awesome argyle socks you
better go to Rodeo arcade right now and
get them before the 17th because
pre-orders will end we love you we got
to get our kids ready to get back to
school check out yesterday's vlog click
on the fill and lucky button and if you
want to see what the Shaytards doing one
two three and four years ago together
these subs I'm gonna talk about okay let
me see you guys tomorrow bye
