oh love the hugs okay babe show us how
it's done
Brock what are you doing today
going to stop you're gonna gain an
education looks like you need to hear
okie dokie just get out of the shower
here clean my body uh now we're gonna go
on a big mom okey dokey it's coming here
washed cleaned moisturized now we're
gonna go get on a giant flying metal
tube into the sky to see our children
this is a phone call or two passengers
oh I can't actually know I'm not the
winner team all right I'm in the
bathroom I gotta go honey
I have a great time at playlist live and
dang it
oh well anyways
dude freaking step on it objects in
mirror may be closer than appear we're
getting chased go far he comes he's
gonna get us a dog or dog physique are
you Jenny dog is diet dinosaur chasing
us
Oh feels good to be home I love you come
on puppy come on three legs good boy oh
all of the hugs you're getting all the
love all of you guys you smelling
Doritos did you make some area could you
miss your daddy
no it's just in case huh what's up guys
give me a proper hug rock all right it's
camping time did you just roast that
yourself careful don't poke anybody eyes
up anybody eyes out yep that's what I
said you look at the above no you can go
get your own buns
yeah bun boy don't poke anybody hold it
up hold it up high okay I am gonna go
help them anyways we are a camping we
are hanging out with my family it's
taken me a while to start filming
because I forgot my memory card I
finally got another one right now so no
camp out except for the weenie roast
I'm gonna go get a bottle okay babe show
us how it's done
let's see it
I was pretty smooth mister login you
mommy oh sorry kid do you like your spot
camping this is my sleeping bag my foam
pillow mattress I'm gonna sleep on the
big tent look I like it yeah this is a
nice all gonna see like in this tent
tonight and we saw this little walkway
that's sort of cluttered right now
you're so cute
bring the Dutch oven chicken to my mouth
and I will just lay upon this foam
mattress and hello good morning there's
my favorite thing in the world then my
wife and my kids and all their exhausted
hey guys watermelon time it is school
Brock what are you doing today going to
stop you're gonna gain an education
looks like you need to excited for
kindergarten yeah he's so dramatic
alright we're having a breakfast
watermelon and smiles as we get ready
for school you guys one of the chores on
today's to-do list is to cut some
kitties what no I mean it's time to get
some new turron action happening you
guys know how we have so many cats we
got to get some neutered in fact we're
getting all of them neutered starting
with mama mama she can't eat though
because she has to go to the vet today
and they said that she cannot have any
food before she gets neutered so she's
in here meowing she was just putting her
paws underneath the door it was really
cute do you think it's sad did you hear
her meowing last night she's like yeah
no she can't have any food doctor's
orders she has to go into the vet today
and you have to go to school young lady
hey what's nine plus nine a gave me a
quid yep what is it quit laughing and
answer the question you're delaying
because you're trying to change the
subject and you're trying to think of
what the answer is while you're laughing
so what's the answer
think about it for a second stop
laughing let's answer there she is hi
mama 18 yes you're right mama it's okay
don't be scared
I'll be scared it's okay she's putting
her paws under the door bless her little
heart he's okay mama
we're gonna make it so you don't have to
have any more babies there's too many
babies for you she's trying to find a
way to get out and I get here how do I
escape this this bathroom prison he's
strong enough she can send the door
oh is that come here who's that
hey is blondie morning hi did you sleep
good yeah did have a good sleep that's
good news I love you yeah you because
mmm good morning hey want some
watermelon go get it you don't want
watermelon Yui eggs what do you want you
want what why lots of water okay get
some water Dean find your dad I love you
right here okay let's go get some water
nah we won't tell Cole that make some
cheesy eggs dude come on
how can you deny one of those
you don't want it all right Emmy may I
interest you thank you
- there's a lot watermelon must be sick
he did throw up last night
that's probably why come here dude mud
some water he's feeling dehydrated about
2:00 in the morning dachshund that
barked everywhere all right dude may get
your energy in you got a big day
kindergarten education ahead of you you
got to get your education what's that
monster on your shirt
what's his name you got a name yeah gar
gar el
Oh Gargamel what you're stealing from
the Smurfs Gargamel is the Smurfs
arch-nemesis it's a kind of dinosaur I
call it that ya know what and you taught
that to rock all right eat your eggs in
your toast oh look how lucky you are
lucky dog you okay buddy
need some mama hugs this morning great
here yes indeed all right let's say a
prayer before we head off to school and
then you guys are gonna finish eating
your breakfast cuz I don't want to see
any leftover toaster eggs you hear me
all right
morning family prayer Zeke come on Neil
notes wait no I miss it oh there she is
Zeke there's a via a via in there you
know mummy see get your pig butt out of
here trying to say a prayer you big butt
face
yeah pop get away Rocco say a prayer for
us he said for us that we'll have a good
time at school
amen
thank you it's a good prayer all right
you guys have a good day at school we
are back from the campout the kids are
going to school we are back at your
regularly scheduled Shaytards so we
usually don't end the vlog in the
morning but we had it today and we will
start regular vlogs tomorrow k have a
great day at school promise you have a
great day school okey dokey hey Brock
well everybody love you I love your
monster alright see you guys tomorrow
okay schedule eyes
my
