what's going on under here are we having
a under-bed party yeah at first I
thought he was stuck but now I'm not
sure I think he just likes it
are you stabbed you're not doc Billy I
think think might be though baby what
are you doing wake up each time you get
moving you got out good job
seek his tail over there hey do you need
help you need help just give me some
kind of signal Oh No
did you poop under the bed Zeke I think
he might be stopped honey he goes he
used to be small enough too fat dude
you're not small anymore honey you can't
get under the bed that sad realization
when you realize you're too big for
things you know as a kid when you start
growing up and then you're too big for
certain like playgrounds or slides or
something Zeke just he's too big for the
bed are you helping them we're gonna
have to perform bed surgery get him out
from under there look at those cute
butts guys have cute butt okay maybe
that's not we're back at maker studios
getting ready to shoot my show it's been
a while since I posted on the Katie that
channel so thanks for bearing with me
you guys who have been waiting for
videos on that channel I had
to do it didn't do it not judging myself
no worries
and there's the camera can you see you
see there it is there's two cameras and
I'm supposed to look in the middle of
the two cameras so that we get both
shots but sometimes it's hard because
I'm used to looking into the camera hey
guys welcome back so here we are let's
rock and roll so I just got home and
look what the girls are doing you guys
listen to your headphones you're playing
the safety part but guess whose phone is
more popular she has more Taylor Swift
songs mom has the whole album don't pick
this one because you have to plug it in
again oh do you want it you want them to
hear hey guys put your headphones on
your headphones on and then there Zeke
he wants to listen to but the question
the cameras right no see her if hit play
so big you're so big do you feel like
his personality is super different I
feel like it's so funny because he
thinks he's a puppy so much as he likes
to be around everybody lives is full of
milk I was like I'm gonna go hide in the
corner of the house where nobody else's
and dick is constantly trying to get
yeah this is Zeke's thing in the morning
because I usually wake up first and I'm
getting ready for the day and he always
tries to steal my spot in bed next to
shade every time I always have to yell
at him because I don't like dogs on my
bed because there's always here it was
very good oh that's a good point anyways
it's a battle that Zeke and I have in
the Malachi and I always had as well
what excuse me what's going on here let
me see what you're plugged into there is
that a cardboard iPod that's an iPad
okay so yeah I like your your ear port
there your your but Airport what are you
listening to of course
what number Jung did you download all
those songs Oh
number six turn it up what do you turn
it up that right there let's be a good
son where's your iPad Oh interesting
okay awesome you girls I love your
imagination that's awesome let me see
did you color it that's a nice iPad
cover you have where'd you get that okay
you guys are go do some errands let's go
we do when Erin's with the daddy Erin's
with the debt what'd he call him Erin's
who's Erin why is he in charge of taking
crap but I'm driving it all over town or
Erin sorry bro
what are we doing yeah that's the main
reason we just go from bank to bank
around town and see how many suckers we
can round up so far we have 47 grape
ones let's go see if they have being a
colada excuse me are you depositing or
withdrawing this money because a hundred
million dollars is not just like an easy
trying
that do well defense oh this is a
counter deposit so it looks like you're
depositing a hundred million dollars so
is that yeah that's what our deposit is
do you have a hundred million dollars
what do you got like some rare coins in
that box
oh that sucker must be very valuable
that is a hundred million dollar sucker
ladies and gentlemen boom Shakalaka
we have just hit the jackpot why are you
making your deposit young lady give me
the phone
hey Jimmy thank you business to do okay
Oscar we here for y'all suckers
so remind me to show you guys the pile
of VidCon presents that we have at home
and I want you guys to know that we do
read your letters
even if it'd be like one letter at a
time so Collette has said like every
time we get in the van or the car to go
somewhere she's gonna bring a letter and
we're gonna read it in the car so she
has one today that she has read to us
Ariana
Thank You Arianna she said sorry if you
think they Lemony Snicket books are
inappropriate and siddharth said can i
read those I said yeah bro just like
we're gonna go see Wolverine tonight at
the movies come on he is such a party
pooper go see that new planes movie I
guess dude you go see the Wolverine
movie kay dude yeah high five for this
pax wasn't him
no yes his name we're like cute Jackman
dude I got a ho-hum today feels like a
Coke and a cheeseburger night to me Oh
her go to Smurfs
- yeah rock Curt says no we're not
seeing Smurfs - let's go see the plains
movie with all Fame cooker a big cooker
he's gonna cook me a cheeseburger
baby turn just said you guys I'm gonna
fill so use this heart dance I used to
be a big thing like before like we did
let the tar names out I would always say
look I'm gonna fill music our names will
have you've always wondered like if we
don't use at our names off camera I
sometimes call it rock hard and when I
forget I call baby tard lupus we told
why that's her nickname baby turned why
is your nickname goofus baby turns of
getting more annoying though no
batteries about today weird the reason I
love Island burgers cuz it's pretty good
but they are always playing as some sort
of surfing skiing or snowboarding and
it's hard for me to like communicate
with the family because I'm staring at
the screen the entire time whereas
growing up as a kid like I love this
kind of stuff
I would like search and you are I could
to find it they just play it 24/7 here
in Island burger
okay
doing gymnastics stays on the phone and
these kids I'm waiting any second now
they're gonna come running and screaming
your money they keep throwing around
parts change and yelling
showing magic tricks where to go
thanks magic trick princess charge
where'd you get that shirt you want to
tell her that's a birthstone necklace
with her initials on it I'm not sure we
should say always look on the bright
side of things great great advice
awesome okay thank you
hey Thunder so how tell us how many tech
decks you got from VidCon you already
had some and then you got some more at
VidCon how many do you have total now I
like 20 or 20 that's a ton dude so what
do you say to the viewers that gave you
your money
I guess design about it and then we went
and saw the movie we saw Percy Jackson I
mean it was it was okay it was watchable
there's just a lot of kind of cheesy
moments in it I think I'm being becoming
more critical as an adult movie viewer
I guess because I've seen more movies I
don't know I remember the day where I
used to be like I like every movie every
movie is a fun event but now I'm I'm
like yeah it was okay the kids liked it
rocked hard so funny seeing a little
three-year-old like witness things for
the first time and you know as a dad one
of the best feelings is when you're in
the movie and your kid comes and sits on
your lap because they're scared it's
like this good feeling to know that they
trust you that you're their protector
and there was two times in that movie
where baby tart and rocked aardwolf said
dad I'm scared and came in sat on my lap
and I feel such a privilege to be able
to like protect them from the scary
monsters of the movie theatre please
check out yesterday's vlog I don't think
it went out to subscriptions there's
some subscription box errors yesterday's
vlog I feel like was really good so
please click on that and if the
annotations aren't working the links in
the description youto fix your crap quit
working about anyways I love you guys
see you tomorrow sound art sighs see ya
