hi login here hi I'm wearing baby darts
glasses goodbye Oh handsome I wear
glasses thank you so much
yesterday when mama Tara was talking
about the kids going back to school on
Tuesday I thought but I gonna miss my
kids I actually get sad when it's time
to go back to school because I enjoy
hanging out with my children that's you
know the difference between me and those
of you parents who get excited for your
kids to go back to school because now
I'm a home working you're gone all day
sometimes I have to go to maker for
meetings
well I'm gonna be there that's new goal
of mine I do I get sad when they go back
to school because I enjoy hanging out
with them
maybe I've offended some of you parents
who don't love your kids as much hot you
make a good joke so today we're going to
the beach beach beach what is that song
beach why can I sing it she does say
some naughty things chick just came over
garbage can what
spit it out baby tard I'm gonna make
sure I think I think I'm gonna set a
goal you guys this school year when you
guys get home from school I'm gonna have
the vlog uploaded that's my goal I'm
Wednesday we're at tea party answers
that's my goal okay
I'm gonna make that path with you guys
right now this school year I'm gonna
have the vlog uploaded by the time you
guys get home so that we can hang out as
soon as you guys get home no setting a
goal yes that's a very very very first
thing that I learned in my fifth grade
teachers class mr. Cowell Mira mr. K the
very first thing you do when you go home
from school homework so you guys get
home I'll be commenting on the YouTube
vlog that I have just uploaded you get
your homework done then we'll play and
then eat dinner and you guys are plike
and have sports and gymnastics and all
kinds of crap going on maybe I have to
do my homework
cuz now I am my homework dude you're in
kindergarten this year I do it sometimes
but not this year you're gonna have
serious homework yes you are
last year baby tard was in pre-k but
this year she's in real K it's about to
get real serious up in here so mommy
Dart Oh mommy cards at the moms view
doing her live show and we're gonna go
to the beach and we're gonna enjoy the
Pacific Ocean here we go
hey hey hey something something's up
all right we're in the green room
getting ready for can be loved and today
we usually get to know the topics but
today for some reason they're not
telling us what the topics are except
for course Shahrzad with our hope I know
the topic secure I think spoil them
though because then they're gonna think
about them and it's not going to be as
natural and real it's a good point I'm
keeping my debt ceil I kind of had a
feeling that I know what we're talking
about every time we would mention it
sure it was like job turned into Sarah
number one serious yeah
it was like our mom okay no talking
David for the can she's like the moms of
the mom no I think that you guys know
Kaylee and Shardas odd but you might not
know G on it
hi Janet from jams eland kept jams eel
and she looked amazing she has two
babies right Judaism babies per meter
old and a 10 month old yes and it looks
so good
well I'm not excusing I know after 10
months I'm going to look so amazing you
just wait you see what she's wearing
she's wearing these like teeny tiny
little schemes these tiny skinnier
bellies their belly though is earlier
her butt is like this big yeah we're
talking about my butt yeah once again
she climbs to the top of the rope
are you coming down he's flying down
that thing don't follow your crazy
monkey face pardon my language
crazy monkey face good job I'm gonna be
able to do that when you go back to the
gym
duh hey you guys want to see my new
trick to work out my new trick over here
on these rings all right that's gonna
show us a new trick
Oh
Oh yo nice trip thank you welcome
oh yes we haven't introduced you either
this is Rachel
what is your channel name again well
it's Rachel Sarnoff but mommy greenest
is really mommy greatest she is like
amazing it like all natural stuff so
check around
thanks man and we got Maria oh it's
beautiful sorry mommy let's check yep
let's you and I saw you on the news at
the doctor's office yes I wake up so
early this morning thanks for working by
the way it was so fun I was like wait
hey I finally woke up early and just eat
your saliva
yeah and we got the whole crew out here
just getting ready to go all ready to
rock and roll hard yeah awesome next
American Ninja Warrior so you already
saw my dad swing on that giant thing do
it again this time princess is gonna be
sitting on the bar filming my dad figure
we should get a better shot so I felt so
proud of myself like you do that I have
tried that multiple times and have never
been able to get it so princess art is
gonna fill me from above
action
next 103 of a baby a lesson him alright
guys my dad wants to do overtime but
from afar angle so you can see how far
it
oh you're right nice fail you like
wolves yeah I did little bit more swing
on the lesson Oh doing it that looks
stupid
do you like yeah I heard there's a girl
those girls over there like Oh a tit
yeah buddy I'm okay thanks for checking
on me yeah that was crazy huh okay dad I
am loved by my children I guess I'm
surfing
yeah let's go I just watched the replay
from when I missed a lot of our on the
last one it's like the worst feeling
when you're like flying in the middle of
the air and you're like you're kicking
you're like I'm not gonna make it hey
Shane run that would ensue Omaha with
pleasure
hahaha
all right now it's time to go do some
boogie boardin I told sunder to grab all
the stuff and this is the perfect
example of working smarter not harder
come on you got the sled all of our
Putra mints Rock darn you got the beach
yeah Rock chart found a little shell and
he's going through blowing in it just
like on that shave beard episode PS what
a great segue check out Shea beard yeah
now look we found it sure that isn't a
bathroom it's Neptune's pearl biggest
pearl known to man we're rich okay I've
buried three of my children I just gotta
find the other one now just joking all
right you guys buried I got a buried
head in the sand
yeah fun you gotta fellow
okay you get out let's see you can click
it out Rock George oh here he comes here
comes baby tard who's the first one out
who's the first one out oh we're host
princes darn I love how you make up
rules to get yourself treats come on
Rach charge
yeah like a zombie out of the grave you
didn't I just buried you the life of a
dad is never over
that's what you hear all the time daddy
shew it again over and over and shut off
hello I am British now Jesus we were
talking about accents and I really do
wish I had a boy - accent and then I
could just flip a switch and then I
would have like a southern accent I do
too
it's formal right huh I never know about
anyone a sent any accent I'll take a
text in one any day the only one I don't
want is an Idaho Wong because I already
got it
I can't even hear it putting my accent
my Valley accent I don't like oh my gosh
like really really oh well this is J see
you guys all should know who she is if
you don't where you been
just looking - mm-hmm and she's 15 going
on 55 and you look like you're 15
okay a lot concealer eye cream oh it
working so hard on it worked so hard on
it
you guys are on the shadow game
char's 11 feelings and hot mama TV ever
machi yes I love it mattress so we're
actually doing we filmed the first one
was alive and I just won it is going to
work for next the next week technically
will not be alive obviously what are you
what are you gonna do what are you gonna
do sometimes that happens you know and
some you lose some
see that's a good accent and it's a good
accent thank you I like you yeah thank
you that was really Italian I try I know
it's kind of late that could have been
almost week you got to do that you know
or the other in public I just saw like
oh that's good and then you've really
why is she doing that your script in my
hand I love my favorite alright so I
have an idea for a chore but I gotta
find Colette and Titus what are you
doing you're getting the closet clean
finally it's it's a sure we're gonna
give him a health store tell him we're
gonna give him a Halestorm yet not yet
because well it's just kind of a giant
disaster in here and I feel like people
that just started watching our videos
and don't know that we just moved are
like what is up with these people look
at this freaking house it is disgusting
which it dawned on me there are so the
that it just probably just barely
started watching so if you are new to
the Shea chard family at that subscribe
button won't you yeah so promotion yes
by the way what are you wearing what are
those
no you're tal sientes that socks in
Spanish yeah do you like them do you you
can't wear those without singing a song
you know that well I can't jump around
but I can let's hear the song oh hey
should I give Zeke a bath I think you
sure because I know that we're trying to
get things clean and that usually makes
a mess it stinks okay let me give him a
bath but let me tell you this what I got
my soapstone I got my argyle socks on
she's a song song she's got this song
you're not a very good argyle socks
dancer you guys these are a long time
coming
these are actual shaycarl socks from the
one-take sunday how long ago did we
start singing I got my socks on I got my
socks on I got my argyle socks on these
are them and they are available right
now on Rodeo arcade show the bottoms
they say my name is that weird that I
have sought to my name on shaycarl you
can get some shaycarl soft looks good
speaking away let's see more wait what
okay
I love okay I'm giving Zeke a bath you
ready for this you're gonna come help
it's a mess it's a giant mess Oh also
these are the other colors you can get
them right now you can get some shaycarl
socks at Rodeo arcade calm check it out
links blows Mickey all see come on boy
come on come on Oh Zika better go look
it he's a book boy you're right good
call baby face taking a bath okay let me
get on this side of them so we go trying
to run away
we got family affair oh look rock card
sitting on his leash screws collar you
such a good dog you got that in here
because you like that you like someone
yeah so nice turnout check it out
you're a very now holder dirty dirty
dirty south
he's a dirty that will need to get out
we will never be never be very very
merited now there's a dirty he's a dirty
no-good dirty dirty dirty nerd done so
we're we all do the third job in the
dirt of every third deserted third no
shame let's jump scare him away from
thinking about pain
okay you're making ours a dog again
don't put too much on there little bit
for a little bit so let's scrub the
puppies buggers yep it over and over
it's definitely weird see the pump think
it's a bigger number they keep saying
okay fine with it Robin scrub do this or
that
I'll get it I want these three cows if
you can give me a sudsy Cup and
occasionally I just go Oh careful
careful
Oh No
Oh remember when Malachi was so terrible
I hated it he got in all by himself
he likes it boy get not job let me give
them a bath you laid down in the water
like all this is bro nice ok I got a
monster mommy right there yeah this is
always the best part of any dog washing
the moment where they just go crazy with
like a bundle of aah go wet energy I
gotta run every wiring like my body on
the car back that's what they do never
fails
ok we're ready to release this rocket
did you get him drying out so he doesn't
slip on the hard floor downstairs just
make sure I get them all around good
drop down ok dokie okie dokie now back
from no no not yet no see face you're
anybody you're anybody's getting excited
he's getting excited ok everybody get
the three-year-old out of the way here
he goes let's get up see if he gets
revved up oh here I got hairy Gus he's
excited watch out he's going downstairs
he's going Constance there he goes
he's going upstairs he's going upstairs
watch out he's going everywhere he's
going downstairs he's gonna go boom
there's a good boy oh snap
push it up be careful buddy careful he's
gone upstairs there he goes
where's he going Oh
okay okay cuz he did okay no you shuttle
down down settled all right like we had
a plane Great Dane oh that was exciting
and wet Hendrie now got to clean up the
bathroom
alright love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow good Boise so if you are new to
the Shaytards welcome to the family hit
that subscribe button right there below
you see our names at Shaytards just hit
that subscribe button you're a genuine
member of the family at that point we
are getting close to 1.5 million
subscribers that's insane click on
yesterday's vlog right there and if you
want to see the rest of that shade beard
episode you can click on little spinny
smiley face on the feelin lucky button
and to see what we were doing you can go
back and check for the last four years
every single day right there in the
middle what were you doing one two three
and four years ago click on those
corresponding numerical buttons and I
know a lot of you been waiting to get
them argyle socks they are now live
links below to rodeo arcade calm you can
go get yourself some shaycarl saw
and stay tuned because a music video - I
got my socks on is in the working and
just a little heads up if you have a
pair of those socks I might ask you to
fill a little something some and be in
the music video yourself so yeah there's
that I cannot wait to release this so
stay tuned love you and see you mañana
