hi I'm login here really this is my
house right now I'm working on it okay I
got the downstairs I got the dining room
the kitchen and the living room and now
um yeah ah it's always tough moving in
somewhere because I feel like our life
never slows down long enough to actually
like settle in I've just been doing
little bits here and there before the
kids start school they start school on
Monday can you guys believe it the
summer just like flew by but that's
always what happens during the summer
because it's fun so school starts Monday
gonna get this house organized then
we're going back to Idaho for Labor Day
and then we're coming back here have the
baby go back to Idaho for Thanksgiving
oh good shot Rob harder you picking up
poo do it again that's a cute shovel
you're using what a cute blue shovel I
mean that's what I look for in it who
shovel is cute you're gonna pick up who
you might as well do it with a cute
shovel you get Nick don't touch it with
your hands like I got this I got this
baby tard you can do it oh so close
whatever you do don't give up and touch
it with your hands okay that's gross I'm
sorry I just said poop like 15 times you
you did it good job retro Hut that
definitely took 10 more minutes but he
did it and he persevered good job you
little pooper scooper okay ten look
okay you're crazy
Roger tell them what we're doing say
we're getting back to school stuff come
on let's go in there you really want a
Barbie one okay that's the one you want
doesn't wait does it have a water water
bottle spot because you have to have a
water bottle spot yes hey doesn't it
look like the two others that you have a
home it does oh yeah
hold it up show us the backpack Envy has
been definitely has pink we're not
lacking in pink
no you already have it backpack cap cap
cap cap what do you guys think I always
got a new backpack for almost every year
of school when I was right school and
then when I got in high school I got a
really nice one that I kept for all four
years it's cheap and they change their
mind so quickly so we were going back
yet you can't get this you crystal said
you're not doing zookas already cases
child takes after his father dumped all
that stuff out and here's what the naked
it is that you are right baby but you
guys won't know where I got that I got
that at blog her they were selling but
oh thanks lager
this changed our minds cute cute all
right I don't
are those exactly the same hold on turn
around you can't have a second mom we'll
get too confused why do you read in
second
all right we're getting the same ones
ooh I like that one out on to my
favorite sorry excuse sweet let's see it
no we're not getting lunchboxes I
already have lunch boxes for you
sorry moms drama line
hey everybody what's going on so guess
what the kids are going back to school
on Monday no actually I found out now
that it's Tuesday Tuesday have gotten
them all ready for school and brought
them to school and seven Madden funny
and there's nobody better and now right
now we are headed to a tryout for this
young man who's going to swimming
tryouts put her there with his best
friend think about this son tard think
about the day Michael Phelps went to his
very very very first swim tryouts and
now all those gold medals he has
dangling around his neck think about all
those gold medals thought one day that
could be you and this could be that day
this could be the day that you tried off
your very first swim team and that was
the first step in getting thirty eight
gold medals and tell me you're gonna win
okay no not me okay yes dad I will be
the most successful swimmer in Olympic
history that's how you got to think my
friend
positivity I know you have to win it's
crazy they're going back to school
already
you guys sad I remember when summer was
over that was the worst Oh go back to
school I am so glad I'm graduated oh man
you want to do homeschool you have to
have smart parents if you want to be
homeschool you can't be homeschooled we
have to outsource all of our learning
we're outsourcing our learnings to some
smarter people than us because if you
had homeschool by me you'd be good at
like making funny jokes and eat
I don't know like funny pretty much
watch pretty much be a good teacher what
do you mean by that
like I'm pretty good at teaching about
life yeah that's my job I'm your dad yep
and then you can have your teacher teach
about math and science $2.00 feets black
toes don't apply colors yes
Plateau is you'll learn about it it's
like a mountain
flat mountain that's what a plateau it's
a plan with toes on it your deductive
reasoning is amazing princest hard
they're doing Jazzercise that's cool
Jazzercise and hey by the way listen
baby tard you were over the lipstick
limit you know that there's a certain
amount of lipstick to apply and you were
over that limit by 37 percent this is
the pool I got some sort of uh
Jazzercise going down in there pools are
sighs sighs that's a good one Michael
Phelps coming in the last 50 yards
well his form will get a lot better
called you push it push it you wanted
dig deep come on you want to be on the
front of the Wheaties cover box nice how
many's at hey laps
good job buddy
what are you getting all the stinky up
your feet
knock it off you've been watching too
many music videos my gosh alright did a
good job
give me five so he passed the first
round I guess what does that mean he can
stay now I'm a little bit confused
she said that they made it officially
and we just have to register them now
but then I was confused too the other
lady said there's yeah if I have to like
try to see like what category he said
alright did we made it
good job good she said um you just need
to work on your technique did you have a
lot of work and it will be hard but she
says your nipples need pinch too so I'll
just go and do that right now pinch
those nipples for me thanks Prince's
tard you're the best
he's gotta wear the tight short oh
really
yeah baby charts Gangnam stylings what
is that I don't know weird you have
himself
alright can I go you know daddy over
dinner I'm hungry
we're not getting P such pizzas not for
people who are on the swim team you're
wise hey I was gonna make a tag you're
making tacos okay good I want now
dude mom makes delicious tacos nachos
tacos whatever let's go home
taco nachos what is going on how do you
make your foot fat guess you had you
have been there for that edit art your
life scares me you're like my monster
sundered you have a high area
Wow dude to close on doing why are you
naked in the van alright you guys so
when I was in Chicago we had some
amazing parties that sent us some really
free stuff and it all came today really
free stuff so we really so some really
awesome free stops and some really free
so it's not just free it's free it was
very progress moving the good stuff open
it up what is it lowly that's a tag a
moto oh you know what that is what's
this what else you got in here that's
cool let's go down a lot of oh look
Batman that Batman Oh with this rock too
hard on kids my turtle deer was a dog
Joe Turner Bowers did that look look
he's excited to my is what is your
preference
I think I'm up he thinks it's for him I
love boxing you want to open a present
so he thinks these are all his oh crap
so you guys how was that record innocent
then he'll give you
dad sippy cups I'm that steel whoops
always exciting now tippy tops what else
is in there
tinker toys no way okay what else you
see there your dad little Carter what
lima Jolie's one is just an tas day
who's us wrong what's his fifth is from
this sweet week we meet do this sweet
sweet with all these sweet sweet boys
sweet dude check this out man when I
remember was growing up in KC we played
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles oh this is
Donatello Michelangelo
I remember the yellow one go back
Donatello the love pizza look it he's
got a little sore status sisters with
what is it oh it's the a bola virus oh
yeah that's long and you don't eat it
hey Carlos bye oh it's vomit Smurf yeah
what's this what's in here well okay I
might see if I can remember which ones
away I think the one that says Carly's
name on it is for baby pardon I said
okay listen girls these are very very
nice gifts and you have to take care of
them okay
girl my babies are they are they're the
big babies from American Girl doll that
look like you they have the same eye
color when you get the American Girl
doll you got the last American Girl doll
this was mine
what is it yours why do I to get on get
one I want one point I just making the
job I just make it to Joe look at me
like what your weirdo okay let's see
yours princess card ah
Wow don't break it Cheers
oh let's see if it looks like you oh
that's beautiful
okay and baby chard uni should give a
special thanks to Carly cuz she
sacrificed her doll to get to you
oh she knew that Cooper wouldn't want it
mmm alright well there you go there's a
buncha always had no you got them free
and she got one free and I got one free
so she gave her baby card okay well
there they go
more presents more spoiled mess and what
do you guys remember to say when you get
yeah
and what are you gonna do with them
because they're all on the ground and
don't care about them in a few
it's pretty much that's usually what
happened hey have you seen my miracle
nice hair it's all matted nicely okay
let's keep them that way okay and
remember to always be late
you got robbery on the green okay
bedtime time go sleep what's going on
here it's a tale as old as time
sisters and siblings fighting over room
space mess I feel like I'm in the
nesting piece yeah God make a good nest
for the baby I don't baby jargon seeing
sleep with you what it was on Sun tarts
bed and he wouldn't get off and now he
comes in here like okay if you won't let
me lay there I'm here wants to sleep
with his brothers and sisters I'm
getting wagging the tail so big yes he's
gonna be bigger than Malachi he almost
already is taller and thicker he's
definitely thicker I don't know if he's
taller yet but he's definitely thicker
that's cute baby tard and Zeke have the
same color hair hold on me like my
jumper so I'll sleep on you he thinks
he's a lap dog he has no concept of the
size it is
yeah it's like lays on people hey Pete
are your hair's getting along oh cool
he just said bye you okay I hope you
enjoy your new Zeke blanket Great Danes
can be heavy blankets he's so big
oh my explosion yeah who's gonna win you
can't hold and that's the role you have
to let him go where he wants you can't
hold him just see if he'll will go over
there not maybe he's gonna stay looks
like he's found his place okay okay the
real place is not in here cuz you guys
gotta go back come on let's go I got him
come on Zeki let's go no we get a big
Zeke out of the room come on come on I
think is getting mixed messages all
right no more come on Zeke let's go
listen to Daddy let's go come on out
let's go let's go out out nosey go on go
get your kennel boys
alright goodnight losers love you see
you tomorrow oh yeah that was funny told
him I thought that video up Tim kids is
cute haha that wife that girl she's hot
that dad dad that husband that daddy
dude he's I guess uh I don't know I
don't know what to say in these insights
anymore click click click click uh
yesterday's vlog didn't have the
annotations on it for like 12 hours for
some reason the annotations haven't been
working like right when I upload the
vlog I can't put the annotations on the
end slate but you guys know how this
works you can click on yesterday's vlog
the feelin lucky little smiley face
there click on it with your mouse unless
you're watching it on a mobile device
and you have to go to the show more in
the video description and all those
links are down there before hey you guys
it is true it's happening I am coming to
Australia to vid ink Sunday August 18th
to the Sydney Convention and Exhibition
Centre exhibition we're gonna exhibit
something anyways I will be there at
Vidya ink you guys on August 18th I
can't bring the whole family it's just
gonna be me so if you want all si come
by and see me on August 18th I really
got to work on those accents if you guys
want to get tickets links below laughs
your faces see you tomorrow
