hi on login here what are you guys doing
okay you're gonna go in the snow but we
live in California what's how you say
you guys are adorable you guys miss
sweating well we will go sledding this
winter when we go back to Idaho for
Christmas oh I see yes you have your
gloves on you guys are adorable or are
you gonna go play
he's got shorts on alright see you later
those guys are stupid there's no snow
out there let's air and chew on my
chicken so I'm headed to another
doctor's of women I'm a little bit over
six months along today they had me take
this glucose tolerance trait which is
like an orange soda but a lot more
disgusting I guess it's to test your
like blood sugar levels to see if you're
giving yours like if you have pregnancy
induced diabetes it's really interesting
I don't know exactly we'll have to ask
the nurse exactly what it is I think
that's what it's for
I've done this four times and I don't
remember it was I told them that we're
gonna look my toes down there that's
funny
if we can see a movie eventually get it
on camera
we're doing ultrasound next okay and the
awesome I like ultrasounds yeah
so I was right it is to test for just
taste just a tional diabetes when I
won't know the results until tomorrow so
I'll let you know but usually I'm
negative so hopefully I haven't given
myself diabetes but I did gain 10 pounds
I think it was all the travelling in the
fast food I'm gonna be much better this
coming on
maybe Oh Rollie then we're gonna go
ahead to some lovely dinner with the
British bloggers I wish I could do a
British accent like that I feel like I
might get in trouble every time from our
English viewers every time I try to do a
British accent like ah yeah right it's
like picking your nails on a chalkboard
so a flat playlist live a couple months
ago there was a British vlogger slash
youtuber slash got a text message in my
genitalia area and sorry I just got the
elbow princess start so okay so a lot of
you remember a couple months ago we're
at playlist live so well got off the
elevator that we were on and our
comments went crazy just like solely
there was Zoe on the elevator mic ooh
what because you know we've been doing
YouTube for like five years now and
there's so many big there's over 300
youtubers that have over a million
subscribers so we've found this little
British contingent of youtubers who all
have more subscribers than we do not
that that like matters not that you
should justify or base your self-worth
on subscribers sometimes youtubers do
that
what you just see what you're like
that's how I was like that's how I vlog
so we're gonna go out to dinner with him
right now uh-huh
who's excited you guys remember meeting
these guys at backstage at VidCon you
don't remember
and Sontag is the one that you said I
like your accent the one you're flirting
with dude shoot yeah get beanie on this
guy and he's mr. confident he's got a
beanie and his uncle's chain he's like
hey baby
I like your ex and you want some tea and
crumpets so we're gonna go to see a nose
even though these guys went there
yesterday I've been craving it and wants
bread balls and some Alfredo so we're
gonna meet them there and it should be a
great night what they batard course you
do you're addicted to him that tickles
princess darts tickling me and okay okay
here we go
I'm actually baby tard she said she
wanted to tell me something I don't know
why she wants to tell this to me right
now but let's see what she has to say
baby turn what were you saying
hmm
the what finally when you drive on the
what fan the floor alert alert okay when
you drive on the four-wheeler what you
get dirt on the back of your teeth
that's cuz your grandma drives like a
crazy woman
yes that's how baby tart says
four-wheeler when we were camping in
Idaho and we're going four-wheeler
riding she calls at the for legally only
Arlen or earlier I'm gonna miss what our
kids grow up but they don't say words
like stupid anymore oh my god you norc
yeah that's great
that's right that's how you said like
hey baby do me a favor okay say I like
to ride the four-wheeler in New York say
it again I like to ride the four-wheeler
in New York well you said New York right
they used to say you norc happy banter
lines damn and ride the four-wheeler in
New York wants a sandwich for Leo he
calls it a fan which also lick licks tip
yeah instead of lipstick licks tip pops
all the funny words you guys have said
over the years
rocked row don't fall asleep dude you
guys want to know an interesting thing
about pregnancy I have never considered
this before but Chloe was telling me
this the other night and it was
fascinating to me about when she wakes
on my testicular tests decks leave your
phone you weirdo you know it's like when
you put your phone right there and it
gives like Oh jeepers creepers
okay oh these are just things that
happen when all right so tell us what
happens when you wake up to pee in the
middle of the night this I thought was
very interesting to think about we're
talking about the baby moving and a lot
of times when I go to sleep at night and
I've been really active it takes a while
for the baby to slow down and finally go
to sleep like I'll feel him kicking a
lot and then in the morning when I wake
up I try to like be like if I have to
wake up at 5:00 a.m. to pee and I want
to go back to sleep I like try to step
really lightly and just like be really
calm because when I lay back down if I'm
not then he starts kicking like he wakes
up that's so interesting to think that
even from like before the baby is in the
world as a mother already trying to
contain you're already trying to like
soothe and keep the baby asleep within
your womb please don't kick me I can't
sleep when you're kicking me so if you
like get up and jump around when you go
pee the baby wakes up and it kicks you
and then you can't fall back asleep yeah
not crazy
you did know under mothers have like
such a connection with children because
even from like inside of their body
they're like
it's okay Shh quiet quiet little one
what I'm also at that point of pregnancy
where I start to have really really
messed-up dreams mmm
like aliens are coming out of your
stomach yeah like it's the babies like
ripping out of my stomach or like did
that be great for a vlog the baby's
there and I'm like wow dude you know
what you remember that idea that Cayley
had for a shaycarl video that we never
did remember we should do that that well
cuz wasn't that base off like one of
your dreams you had dude should I just
tell him the concept cuz if I never do
it because we didn't do it with the last
baby so when we were having rock-hard
clothes having all these crazy dreams
and she dreamed I know this was you or
if it was Kaylee's idea but she dreamed
that when she had the baby it was like
in a baby's body but it had my head it
was literally like my giant this is when
I was when we had rocked her you know I
was a bigger man I this giant beard and
I was a fat so-and-so like it was this
little tiny baby with a loud obnoxious
fat bearded a head on it when that being
crazy yeah when you're his you're her
husband yeah that would be really know
well it makes sense it's my baby boy
might have my features but it would be
scary if it looked exactly like me when
it came out of the womb and it came
outside hi I'm vlogging here baby dark
you guys weren't seeing us right now and
we think maybe turn to selasa to time
have to investigate this because I do
not approve D fallen out plus I myself
pull them out in because my drama let me
see
smile did you where'd it go no the tooth
area can't calm if you don't have the
proof in you also - yes alright here we
are having dinner
it's lovely folks I was trying to do a
British accent earlier but alright
Americans can be British accent it
doesn't work very well lost a tooth and
we can't find it yes Frances car just
said dad she lost her tooth and I said
where is it and she can't find us so we
think she may have swallowed it
so the tooth fairy does not give as much
money when it comes out the wrong end
I'm just saying right now I think good
yeah I dig it I bought the tooth in like
a shooter daddy won you know that's baby
food that's me know you don't approve of
the truth you're not getting any cash
that's very rule rules is it in there so
we're like garlic pieces they kind of
look like it to fake let me see smile so
you lost your second tooth and we don't
even know where it is you sure it's not
in your mouth yeah you sure you didn't
swallow it alright well maybe we'll find
it later maybe jar just lost their
second to chew annecy nose garlic roll
now it's like our family is connected to
this restaurant forever because she lost
her second chance here this is a big
moment
you don't want to fight right now we're
going to sue this restaurant and rock
tart is out like a bag potatoes he's
sleeping treetog we're just getting
pumped to sing I my daughter was saying
dad are we gonna sing this song you guys
know that we sing the song and they
started bringing around the lyrics see
what he's about to get crazy
five minutes to more a five minutes -
all right yes five minutes I can do it
really loud right so these guys are
gonna get the full cno's experience
because we have the lyrics and I want to
hear Zoey
top of your lungs better be singing
exactly doing that though they are their
snipers stealth of shoot you darts like
Joey Tribbiani
oh yeah what kind of does that I serious
in yeah
it's weird to be with a bunch of
bloggers I find it so hard to block the
house oh you did because you don't want
to be like hold the camera be singing
dude you will not hear anybody else
singing except for me
it's called amore here we go when the
world seems to shine like you buy too
much one that's amore that's amore there
there's cameras out every with her Joey
get your camera Bello watch our name
singing tonight to play division
comedies I'm if we sing this song at
this restaurant in the Shaytards blocks
I wouldn't doubt if it was like ten
times the bar food it was a lovely
evening with the British youtubers did
you guys have a good old time let's see
let's hear your best English accent I'm
not going to jump on with those guys I
was fun huh Zeke whoa everybody watch
where you step
Zeke has left a land mine somewhere in
the house oh it stinks Zeke
learn how to open a door you big doofus
outside wood I don't have any opposable
thumbs
how do you smell that it's nasty that
seeks poop that gross
that's nasty say Zig don't poop in the
house
genies up on the carpet somewhere are we
tired clean the kitchen today fabulous
alright I call if I find it you have to
clean it up it's a bear
you did I didn't hear you say that you
know I always listen to every suggestion
you ever suggest I don't see it up here
I'm scared
zekiel where is it hey oh nasty gross
nothing better than coming home from a
dinner to a giant Great Dane oh man
okay will you clean it up baby turd hi
please you'll clean it watch out watch
don't step in it's right there
oh gosh Steve looks like it's diary
let's be in your room dude yeah son
charted on chart Zeke
not cool bro not cool don't kick and be
nice oh it's tiny little work let's get
on the poop Patrol
what's up shake our hand I'm on the poop
Patrol
whoo-chow whoo-chow what up what escrows
Joe you put my hands Hey look baby tar
lost a tooth tonight Shawn Shawn hey
open your mouth and she doesn't even
know where it went
cuz she doesn't know how she swallowed
her flick it rocked hard he's like watch
out okay all right we'll grab those
paper towels let's go to work that's the
start is gonna help me don't throw it
what are you throw what is it whoa it's
a sock okay get some of those paper
towels out with our wrestling with paper
towels
oh there we go and then the batteries on
my camera die which is a very good thing
it did because the following events were
not a pretty sight ladies and gentlemen
it is a gruesome task when a Great Dane
decides to leave a little piece of his
appetite on the floor Wow words and
things I love you guys thanks for
checking out today's vlog to British
youtubers the best way I can describe
them is lovely they're very lovely
because they're so polite and just easy
to talk to and very friendly and that's
been true with both of the running clubs
I've had to playlist live running club
and the VidCon running club
we've both times had a pair of British
people awesome love you guys you're all
very nice I definitely want to bring my
family over the pond come visit you guys
you know what I would love love love to
do is to run the London Marathon do any
of you have any hookups that you can get
me an entry into the London Marathon
because if you do I'll bring me and my
wife and my kids and we will fly over
that ocean and we will come see you
British youtubers and all gonna give you
my best footage accent there's nothing
you can do about it please subscribe
check out me and my family live in our
daily life here on the youtubes click on
yesterday's vlog little mystery video I
got for you and if you want to see what
we were doing one year ago today how
about two years three or even four years
ago to this very day just click on the
corresponding numbers in the middle we
love you and we'll see you tomorrow
