hi I'm login Here I am wasting my time
no I can't do anything today I'm
worthless today because all I've been
doing is refreshing the documentary
trailer and seeing how many thumbs up it
has it's like a little baby I like can't
leave its side I'm just like where
people say and I'm like watching the
thumbs up we are so close to a hundred
thousand thumbs up on this thing I've
just been like hanging out in the
comments replying to people I've made so
many comments that it's starting to ask
me for a capture because it thinks I'm
spamming it we are less than 500 likes
away that's so awesome
thank you ninety nine thousand five
hundred and twenty one likes on the vlog
do mentary official trailer and to be
honest I'm a little nervous because of
how good the trailer is and the
expectations that we set by this trailer
it's like I hope the movies as good as
the trailer is even Cassim called me
yesterday he's like concerned you could
hear it his voice he's like dude this
movie better be good is it gonna like
match up to this trailer cuz this
trailer is really good it's motivated me
even more to make sure that we just get
in there and we get all the right
footage and there's just that's the
hardest part is deciding what's gonna go
in the movie because we have so much
there's so many experiences and stories
and people that we've interviewed like
how do you pick just the right ones to
make sure it tells the story we want to
tell and explain you know what this all
is just gotta make it amazing that's all
let's just you know it just has to be
the best movie ever that's all no big
deal yeah I probably like you know half
of these views we're about 500,000 views
you know half of those are mine I don't
get sick of watching it you know when I
make a video and I upload it I usually
like I'm like watching it and I watch it
over and over I don't get sick of
watching this trailer like the way that
it flows in the music Stephen I don't
think enough credit has gone to our
editor Stephen who edited this trailer
you know we were at VidCon getting all
these praise and I'm on Twitter and I
was like we love the trailer and me and
Cory are getting all the praise for it
but the editor Stephen bless his heart
it did a great job on this at VidCon the
other night that like the night after we
premiered it was like 12:30 at night and
I was like coming down off this like
crazy high of everybody congratulating
us and stuff I'm like oh poor editor
Stephen so I like I sent to my hotels
like dude actually no I really preach
that you did a great job everybody's
loving it and I'm pretending I'm showing
you that's how I didn't hate a lot I
remember Zeki pop did you miss us while
we're at VidCon yes you did good thing
you have a backyard you could hang out
in the whole time huh Casey brought his
dog Bronx over and they just like hung
out we put like bowls of water and food
out there and then there's like a little
door they could come into the garage so
they slept in the garage and then when
we came back the backyard was trashed
because Casey's dog is a boxer who's
like just barely a year old
Zeke's eight months old and they just
probably at the time of their lives
they're so dirty I need to give Zeke a
bath you ready get a bath dude you need
to get a bath bad we're gonna watch you
tonight
Oh dad look beer dude yo my dog
boom-shaka-laka just hit a hundred
thousand thumbs up on the volume entry
documentary trailer guess who has to do
pregnant travel shuffle aren't you glad
when I make promises on your behalf
Colette so how you wanna do this okay
enough talk take your shirt off you want
to do like in the vlogs should make like
a separate video we get some like music
you already some choreography how do you
want to work this we should hide this
deep in the boxes okay so what is it
again do I do it now we want to work out
or go do it how are you gonna work up to
it
maybe I practice in the mirror a little
bit yeah yeah go check it go I mean cuz
dude you ever seen the truffle shuffle
just gotta shake it I don't know no your
best trouble ruffles can't have any
pride when you do the truffle shuffle
shuffle it's all about just like let it
hang out you know we should do we should
get video responses of you doing the
truffle shuffle it's like like just
shake you shape which one is a shake oh
gosh I'm nervous I'm so embarrassing I
think this is better than me doing the
troubles our old first what am i doing
you have one that does the prank of
truffle shuffle
I can do that she's got the pregnant
pants off turn to your side geez there's
a human inside you you kidding me this
has to village oh yeah dude does sexy
doesn't shake their hands in your hands
above their head put up in the air and
shake that belly shake that belly wanna
see the side we can see it from the side
your son's gonna watch us later in his
life and be like you humiliated me in
the womb mother oh there you go a
promise is a promise a hundred thousand
thumbs up on the documentary and there
you go got to travel shop - truffle
shuffles I'm sweaty because I'm doing
push-ups I'm uploading the vlog so I'm
doing my push-ups my upload push-ups I'm
not shopping I don't know you're talking
about what where am I everybody here
again I'm shopping I know for everyone
always kills me it's true I've been
shopping before for like four hours and
I get home
so where'd you go are they hurt was
anyone and it goes that's it yep babbit
anyways we get lost in here we figured
this opening at a break from the kids
because she helped out so much during
VidCon
okay guys what do you think I think that
I should wear this with my belly while I
do the truffle shuffle right a pretty
woman I don't know I don't know who
could pull that off but it's not gonna
be me oh did you scare up do you scare
the bird oh there they go see bye bird
fish fight Bridge goings so we're back
oh no come on come here where you going
it's gonna go to your own place this is
where we're going we're going back to
see a nose this is one of our favorite
places to go in California especially
when we have guests we always come here
because this is like classic California
Venice Beach so much fun and you've
never been here right no this is my
first time yeah last time we went to the
warehouse we have like three places that
we go we love cno's gotta have a bread
ball baby car did you know the best here
with lunch today
okay we're know what's your name Linda
Jim James everyday doesn't she what do
you think Sophie is so good so goodies
are the best thing ever
hi
oh we got calamari and we just met the
King family from Dallas they were here
at VidCon and they came to the cno's
just for the red balls so they said they
were so I was really grateful to meet
them it was awesome what's problem
you want a red ball okay what do you say
hey can I have one please have one Linda
she's so pretty mom well good thing
she's not sitting too close to the table
cuz she would eat too many red balls and
they're all for us Wow funniest faces
centaur House dinner
so good you love that Mina don't you got
that you beneath the four bit fun even
though it's summer out here he's still
wearing it are you thinking spicy
Superman I don't know if that's the
breakfast of champions for him it's
really healthy it's true it's awesome
too huh we're doing the beach buggy
professor
there's our crazy
all right
I knew we wouldn't be able to come to
the beach without them getting wet I
said just put your feet in but as soon
as I give him that little bit of like
just tiny bit then they just got to go
all in
that's one thing I do love about
California is the ocean but I always
miss Idaho so it's great to be able to
go to both places like I said it's
impossible and when it is already ghin
yeah you're stinkers I got your feet oh
no no living keep pushing me should've
known better
seriously new definition to mr. Sandman
oh brother oh brother
okay get off get off them okay quit
eating this and you grow see my kids are
bright smile
annoy alright it's date night
hahahaha after watching mommy tart do
that truffle shuffle I was like girl
I'll take you out we'll take you out on
a date on a town we have to take
advantage of Sophie while she's here
because it's like a built-in babysitter
wait that is literally what it is
she's a babysitter but we like her and
she has to fly home tomorrow source at I
told her we're gonna kidnap her she's
just going to be in our family now so
we're headed to meet Charles and Allie
trippy yeah and Olga Kay you and Kassem
G yeah apparently there's like an after
VidCon YouTube party that Olga knew
about and I don't know if we're actually
invited to this party invited but work
out yeah all right we're gonna hopefully
that they'll let us in I even wear my
youtube shirt just to try to see if that
would help us get in the party guys
looking cool so we're actually headed to
a party right now at the YouTube space
where I don't know if we'll be able to
get it on we'll keep you updated if we
don't get kicked in I'm what we don't
get kicked in we don't get kicked in the
shins I'll be happy party for sure so
let's go see what and get into it and
then you know when they go out to dinner
and I'm gonna make out with her well if
we can't get into it we're still gonna
watch sooner your braids
I like your braids dude and your
lipstick it matches like the red on your
shirt you're a gorgeous I'm so glad I
married you seriously no regrets here
bro let's make a baby
oh we already did that ah that joke
getting on do I say that a lot
let's make a baby let's make a deal as
would be like a new game show called
let's make a baby
bet on that won't be on the x-rated
Channel
yeah I'm sorry that's his children watch
this Jay stop it we are now headed to
the party and we just found Matt and
Steve okay we don't know if we're
actually going to get into this party
organ in we're definitely getting out
that's why we brought mr. garea
Oh what's going on here that's what what
oh we were on the day when they do
Oh your cup you're going alone turn you
hey when I'm the fifth wheel me and my
hat be over here Venus I just read these
funny guys
look there's a tractor that's cool here
we are which way is YouTube that way
it's really
Kassem is YouTube hi welcome to YouTube
the YouTube greeter when you grow up
instead of greeting people at Walmart
you can greet people that come to
YouTube we made it we made it the party
oh look who's blogging likely story at
YouTube making a YouTube video cheese
almost did that go in let it go in your
brain the junk
we're flying win that's really it 3-3 be
like 8 of them like horse is good but
it's a lot I know oh here he goes
they can't stop it you can't stop it
I love when Gregg gets totally way to
the user
Oh
thank you Scott
Oh
Oh
Oh No
hey Hallie your
to
now the poodle unfortunately the poodle
never danced that night it was quite the
dancing tragedy okay we are back at our
house we want to give you guys a house
tour of our brand-new Casa but you know
we've been in Idaho for a month and then
we just got back from VidCon stuff is
scattered everywhere it is a hurricane
in our house we're gonna get it cleaned
up in the next few days and then we'll
give you guys a full house tour you know
we're trying to like you're cleaning up
a little bit you guys alright thank you
for all the support on the documentary
trailer we really appreciate it and now
we just got to make the best movie there
is thank you to corey vidal and a
Prentis a crew for helping so much and
we've got to keep pushing through click
on yesterday's vlog to see the final
recap of VidCon 2013 click on that
feelin lucky button and see what the
Shaytards doing 1 2 3 & 4 years ago
today we love you and we'll see you
tomorrow
have you got a thumbs up for a pregnant
truffle shuffle I mean come on that's
the truffle yes shuffle you've ever
shuffled
