howdy how's it going are you having a
great day good great grand wonderful I'm
so glad that you said that yeah I don't
even know what you said because I can't
hear you that was stupid mine hi my name
is Shane I head up for the Shaytards
today's vlog is you know it's just a
collaboration of a bunch of footage from
the last couple days because apparently
mommy tired didn't think she had to turn
her footage in she's the worst she never
gets the Johnson file in on time and I'm
mad about it they don't even take me to
VidCon I spent the whole weekend
cleaning up after this dog poop
they never treat me right this is
unstable working conditions I have seven
kids at home anyway as today's vlog is
just a bunch of VidCon footage I hope
you like it because if you don't then
it's Shay's fault I hate that guy
okay here's what you got all right so
we're headed to one of our favorite
places hmm an Old Navy where there was a
really cheap clothes for kids that are
kind of cheap let's get you something
cute to wear but we've only got 20
minutes to make this okay so we just
bought a few things that old maybe and
I'm so bad at this you guys I cannot
shop rush I have to like physically calm
myself down and focus and pull the
trigger and it's so hard for me because
I'm like I don't know I don't like it I
didn't find anything I loved and it's
like like when you're shopping and
you're in a hurry and you need to find
something you can't find it but when
you're not like looking then you can
find everything that you want so we have
a few outfits for you girls and I don't
even know if any of them go together but
we're trying we're trying art without me
here I've tried which color do you want
the middle of this green okay there you
go
there's a green cotton you think you
he's so happy okay we were all super
excited because it Logan
it's mission call we're trying to log on
to Skype right now so we can see it yes
we're frantically because we're late
everybody else is ready to go away many
people at home at my parents house and
hardly bother is enable video except
laughing okay sweet we're here okay bye
Olivia hi Logan
Oh rock turns saying hi to you okay okay
read it out loud do read aloud speaking
here Logan what's your guest dude what
do you think where do you think Provo
Utah mom what did you say Tennessee
daddy say I said Brazil Ellie I say
you're going to the West Indies okay
here it goes
okay dear elder Butler you are hereby
called to serve as a missionary the
Church of Jesus Christ latter-day
exciting's you are assigned to labor in
Argentina - Argentina when do you go to
MTC December 4th you prepare to preach
the gospel in the Spanish language
congratulations all right we just
finished with our what it was that
question answer
we had a question and answer me angry
and the kids definitely got spoiled
afterwards there are a lot of people
that came up and gave them gifts
so I'm trying frantically to try to keep
this gift separate so I can read the
letters first but it's not always easy
but Rock chart look what he's got your
rocks are go you have muscles
Superman ready
that's awesome
centaur you got tech deck I've been
wanting some of those for a long time I
want some of these toys I know where
these are gonna go they're not real
enough money for the baby
exactly baby needs so desperately there
are some things I gotta sacrifice for
the baby and I will eat those cookies
for the baby chocolaty delicious wow
that's like 400 times 1000 yummy oh you
too baby way button okay let me read the
cards first print is hard and being
turned I hope you like these books they
were a favorite of mine at your age
eight I hope you can read them together
or with mommy card oh how cute the tale
of Emily winds winds snapped I've never
read those that's awesome that will be
fun to read those together oh my
goodness this is the cutest thing ever
little gremlin card and I think that
this is from Jada if I'm right the cards
may have gotten mixed up so I'm so sorry
if that wasn't you that gave us this but
I love it thank you so much
just don't feed it after 12:00 don't and
don't get any water on it there's like
the green looking lady one that scared
me five years true so I was just telling
these guys that I would love if
everybody that gave us something put
what they gave us on their letter
because sometimes the prisons get all
mixed up and then I feel bad if I don't
know who to thank for what present I was
just saying that and then I open this
gift from Steve and Simone and they have
a whole list this is the gift a list of
things that they have given to us and
which kids are for and what they are and
I'm like thank you it's so sweet of all
of you guys who have given us and the
kids are obviously having a blast all of
them look at regard why would you find
awesome and yeah let's not hit our
sisters with it pushing it soft thanks
thanks for giving us gifts that we can
beat our children with that's meaning of
life right so Steven Simone gave us gave
me a necklace awesome
she knows I love this color stinker but
give the girls tons of princess stuff
princess dogs give sun card a gift card
for mr. Barnes and Noble yeah sweet and
rock-hard you got some you got some
clothes and some baby clothes thank you
guys so much that was very thoughtful
what do you guys say oh that's good
let's see em all you girls look like
tinkled
hey who's that mm good man
are you Iron Man - you know I just
femine you're spider-man okay you're
spider-man he's Iron Man and you're
getting attacked I'm not sure exactly
what moderating means is that we might
keep fighting so the three people
throughout this panel today are called
like pioneers of YouTube some of the
first people I ever started watching
five six years ago and I stayed up all
night long watching YouTube and started
finding these guys I remember watching
iJustine who remembers that very first
video or should we have the Box let's
just bring them out I just seen Phil
DeFranco man the Prince of VidCon
children dream
I'm away over here maybe whether John
was the key or Prince right said today's
panel we're talking about audience
engagement and these three are probably
three or four best added where Phil has
a question coming up a day what she
engages the audience to ask questions
and sometimes get it to heated debates
Phil it's probably one of the best at
that on YouTube as far as like you know
keeping the topic and like what do you
think about this I don't give he's so
good at like giving a kind of opinion
that you like kind of agree with but
kind of don't agree with you're like I
wanna say something about that and you
get in the comments and I just go crazy
one of the first times that mean Phil
ever really interacted on the internet
well this was like fighters though we
did on TV which was a live streaming
website we call it the insomniac Ironman
challenge we had a contest to see if it
stay awake live streaming on TV for the
longest like our 12 you know we're
getting delirious and never feels like
spinning around the chair they got you
like eat an egg and people start getting
excited and they started picking teams
like I think she's gonna win I think
Charles is gonna win you know I think
that maybe you weren't like lived afraid
through nation sir I know for us that's
where shade targets started people are
like what do I send my comments like
this is awesome I get started oh that's
funny Shh Artemis like we're the shays
rebellion and then also we're certain
communities names for these teams and I
felt like we were part of this family I
think that is how
we're your new YouTube friends are you
two friends aware they are friends
because you've lived with these people
have done this for less careers the
internet takes away the proximity
problem when you grow up in your high
school you have internet not not to
create experience of connection all
right
it is VidCon running club day two
starting off with presents are you
salute do that again that's what you do
you need to wear that we want you to
look handsome in those onesies okay
there are little ties must be our church
ones is do have more skateboards did you
get so lucky give her a hug and tell her
thank you
well that's for your books cradle your
books in that book cradle sweaty last
time I saw well I had just ran like 50
miles yes we are beautiful meet the
children princess give her a hug and
tell her hi look like each other
actually absolutely big sister little
sister I like your accent you got a
beanie on him and he's already flirting
with the British chicks baby talking say
hi
so we are away from the trailer oh my
goodness gracious mark my language yes I
let my children have weapons what's
wrong
okay we're about to show you an episode
of chez Pierre
because it is Saturday and this is where
Saturday morning in hard times exists is
on YouTube and then moments later we are
going to debut the documentary trailer
so in the course of having tried to
create content for people to watch and
to be a part of this YouTube community a
lot of really cool opportunities have
come along with the introduction of
maker studios nobody's looking at me
right now nobody
what
sevensupergirls
Oh
okay this is one of the last people of
our meet and greet her name is Claudia
she's been watching the shake hard flock
since philip defranco gave us a shout
out she said that her boyfriend got a
second job just to pay for her to come
to VidCon and I said you need to marry
that guy and she said well I want to
we've been dating for six years
Luke put a ring on it young man I'm
talking to you Luke you need to marry
this girl right now you know what i'ma
do that's my job good boy leave it leave
it
we did it you wanna get it go get it go
get it go get it go get it look at my
little doggy
there's my doggy good boy good boy
so we're doing the meeting down here and
there's a little puppy running around go
get it go get it go boy
no wonder you watch our videos hi in the
blog you're in the vlog thank you for
loving our videos there's a blog here in
the blog every reason the blogs in the
blog
look at this beautiful weather out here
is this great alright let's take a
picture okay see you guys I gotta go
take a picture
Hey just a quick PSA here if you want
the coolest hat known to man and phone
case there you go you got a phone case -
boom Shakalaka in this case a radical do
you know that know that you're around
okay dude you're a radical dude I'm
facing get a hat right now I'd rodeo
arcade con shaycarl funny thing is it
comfortable - good quality there's a
group of it wearing ever I've been
wearing it every day nice alright that's
it here from VidCon good did your self a
hat at rodeo arcade links below all
right so I think since his turd the
coolest story that I've heard of it cut
so far all right explain what happened
all right so I guess the ball check out
this dude this is sweet shirt get those
rody arcade okay tell us what happened
so I got this done this morning and it
was perfect but during the block you
mentor etrailer single-tier came down
and ruined the ass just messes one tear
tear of joy and happiness right there
I'm moving you guys haven't yet go check
out the documentary trailer it is linked
right here that's called vlog you memory
we are getting close to a hundred
thousand thumbs up I don't really know
that at this point I'm just assuming but
we are gonna do it I believe you guys
last time I checked is it ten thousand
thumbs up which is like awesome so
please okay I'm gonna go hug this guy
now this is my favorite
it's just
Massachusetts
VidCon 2013 officially I am officially
sane right now a huge success may be
bested Khan I see the best VidCon yeah
yes yes absolutely best honey my trucks
right there oh I'm so delirious you have
my keys oh my I'm tripping out I didn't
think we've brought it there's my truck
I just realized that my trucks here I'm
delirious yeah I I'm like there's my
truck I lost my voice
best mankind ever do you I do I mean I
had a lot less energy this VidCon smelly
well you are making a baby and being it
is packed with presents and letters and
pictures and people gave us so much
stuff that it's a good thing that we
have this roof rack because we're going
to put all our luggage in there this is
all presents and that is it VidCon 2013
is over man it was a huge success
big thanks to John and Hank green tweet
them tell them the Shaytards had a blast
if you guys want to come get tickets
right now the next VidCon will be the
fifth annual 2014 it is the time of your
life I promise you'll love it you better
get tickets now because that thing sells
out fast VidCon 2014 get em ahh we love
you thanks for watching thanks for
helping us get the trailer I just just
just checked it got to a hundred
thousand thumbs up five hundred thousand
views like 23 thousand comments big
thanks to corey vidal and the apprentice
a crew for helping make this dream a
reality now we just gotta make this
freakin movie awesome
check out yesterday's vlog click on the
feeling lucky button it's gonna take you
to the trailer I'll probably link to the
trailer of the documentary for the next
three months
cuz we're so proud of it and then see
what the shady drives are doing one two
three and four years ago you know we're
doing those last four years we're at
VidCon I love you guys see you tomorrow
