all right good morning look you guys we
got all our fruit and everything set out
for the running club and here they are
oh you got your running shirt on there
you go switched into Superman stuff
these guys are from Malaysia all the way
from Malaysia to come run that is so
cool how long was the airplane flight 16
hours you guys gonna get your stories
straight
and she brought us all these presents
that the kids are gonna love yesterday
you guys haven't seen it yet cuz it's
not in the vlog you guys see you guys
have seen it but yesterday Princess hard
said dad when we go to VidCon it's like
going to a toy store right yeah it is
because they always come home with like
Google Plex of presents spoiled little
brats kids clean your room and for the
world records
on a stage okay you guys will you catch
me
okay ready
hey you guys I just finished my
crowdfunding battle here at VidCon and I
met Leo
Riley so Leah in ninth grade made a list
of things she wants to do before she
dies and one of those things on the west
coast meet me hey Karl
well I'm actually going to cross that
off her list right now because we just
met right now backstage with the king
are you the king or queen of the bridge
is the Royal Prince Hank is the king
we're going to a panel right now I am
moderating my first moderation job I'm
here with iJustine and her beautiful
sister and John Green and Philip
DeFranco is gonna be joining us shortly
this is your party onstage yes nervous
excited I'm excited there's not a thing
that's work all right this guy I have
just mixed up this Rubik's Cube and he's
about to solve it for us his name is
Rubik's Cube guy yeah check him out on
the Internet James wwws okay go my son
has one of these they're not as fast as
you are I'm gonna beat him till he gets
as good as you how long does it take me
to be able to do this I've been doing it
for 11 years I just came back from the
World Cup and really drove here from
there did you win
boom Shakalaka and he's like seven feet
tall to come on the internet you can
live in feet tall it's crazier video
conference VidCon actually Hank green
yelled at me for calling it video
conference
it's VidCon get it right okay so I am
backstage about to go to a Kia
meet up like interview thing I just got
off doing a panel with Philip DeFranco
John Green and iJustine which is really
cool now look who I'm with huh
she gets the eyes going right away so
we're about to go do some Q&A
right right you got the cues I got the
A's I got a grade-a weights let's go
later what walk in here
here we are at the key of VidCon stage
fourth annual you guys are handsome and
gorgeous he's crazy
we're here with Cecily and Allie and
they are hanging out and Allie sticky
that was a good kick you got a good kick
great kicks kicks yeah names Bruce Lee
Bruce Lee jokes is that Casey laughs
here you talk to you for the
high kicks in here oh snap Casey
sidekicking look at that Cecily I think
you and Casey should have a high kick
contest you guys in the comments judge
who kicks the highest Leslie goes first
small children should not be kicked in
the head
okay tricky good guess the other way
assess Lee Wow looks pretty coordinated
200 not bad you guys know get right here
straight on and do it somebody's gonna
rip the crotch out of their pants
go whoa roll the napal rolled an ankle
roll the ankle
Oh
we have some injuries now we have to
call the first day that all right we're
going out to dinner we're going to
boogie to that buzz and have some food
because we is Dobbin we are now back at
the spot where I set my very first world
record I plan on setting you many more
but I'm proud to say but I have the
record for jumping in the world's
largest bowl of spaghetti right here at
beaucoup de beppo's in Anaheim
California and that's where it's at
right there the world's biggest bowl of
spaghetti proud of me rock card sound
proud of you dad we're gonna go in and
see if there's a picture in there there
might be what's going on over here I'm
not taking any pictures with anybody are
you ready it was on an episode of South
Park
I remember watching that on the bus and
I was like oh my god oh my god know her
I know her yeah
Oh
he's a pretty good builder upper for a
child
Oh
yeah
unfortunately that's definitely gonna be
in the video and that's the end of day 2
at VidCon I am capital e xha you however
you spell exhausted good thing we're
taking this Barre home are they coming
home with us ready to go bear we're
gonna go back to our hotel room I'm glad
you're practicing safety with the bear
that's very important what time how you
doing what oh sorry dude let me explain
this thing to you we did a show called
the Shaytards it's on the internet every
day for the last four and a half years
we call you rock hard let's like get it
right dad you're not saying my name I'm
delirious are you tired I'm exhausted
I've lost my voice I can't talk anymore
so therefore I'm not going to and I'll
see you I do
oh well then baby baby I can't find
where the key goes how's the song go she
likes all right we love you guys
Tom we'll see them tomorrow so I have a
question for you have you seen the
documentary trailer yet if you have and
you thumbs it up and favorited and
commented on it and shared it with
everybody and I don't love you a sincere
genuine desirous love within the burning
bush of my soul if you haven't please
click on the feelin lucky bunny up I'll
put a link right there below we are so
close to adding a hundred thousand
thumbs up I don't want to go to bed
tonight till I see it hit it I want to
actually be there when it hits a hundred
thousand views we're so close and like
at the rate we're going it will probably
happen like late late tonight even
though I'm getting this up pretty late
but I want to see it happen so please go
thumbs it up share with everybody you
know Facebook and tweet it just get it
in any place that you think that people
like
cool things all right we love you guys
we are back from VidCon exhausted and I
had that sexy Justin Bieber voice even
though I don't think Justin Bieber
sounds like this see you guys tomorrow
we will have more great food enjoy
