all right now I'm to be nice okay listen
I'm taking this video over you guys your
moments away we are moments away from
premiering the documentary trailer right
now on the main stage at the fourth
annual vid client I'm nervous I'm
nervous
this is the first time what okay today I
want to say hi this is the first time
I've been nervous in months in months we
just did the rehearsal to show the
trailer for the documentary and it's
gonna be live on YouTube maybe right as
received you need me you need me no
they're gonna be my video look she's the
stage producer I have to go on I'm gonna
shave beard right now ten minutes okay
good we're gonna prep the t-shirt cannon
is being prepped right now thank you
you guys we have a t-shirt cannon we are
shooting shave beard t-shirts into the
audience so right after we're like
showing an episode of che beard we're
shooting a t-shirt cannon into the
audience actually rock card and gage
really shoot the t-shirt cannon and then
we are premiering the documentary
trailer I am nervous excited we just did
the rehearsal and watch the trailer
again and I cried I got very emotional I
really did I don't cry that off I really
don't but I felt the emotion well up
because of the journey the nostalgia of
where we have come from where we are at
for you guys being here and I'm like all
pumped about YouTube right now because
we're at VidCon talking about YouTube
meeting all my friends that I've made
over the last five or six years and it's
just like I got a baby crawling on me
don't mess up my hair bro I gotta look
good on stage and looking on stage so
listen I need your help you guys
Shh hard revalue nights we need to unite
we need to come together and please help
me get this trailer everywhere post it
on blogs tweet it Facebook it send it to
your local radio station anywhere you
think that somebody that knows about
YouTube is please send them this the
link is going to go live in like 45
minutes we're going to show it here on
the main stage for the first time this
is
the world premiere and it's gonna be
live for you guys to see as well so even
if you're not here at VidCon you can
check it out you guys want to come see
some people that are here got a lot of
friends Charles and Ali versus mr.
Jackson Harris we're about to premiere
well that's where Charles talking to
claw Media practice breakfast is
reckless
brownie don't do this no good a bolide
Charles and we the kings rocked it last
night on the stage who else we got over
here
look there's Kate hey look at Shaker
shirt going on already Casey it's ready
so ready
Cory tell him tell him what I love this
shirt the Cory's wearing a shirt there
we got it right that dude guys wanna
soak Callie she's eating all right
love you love you love you Lane two
bogies here hey Peter corner Peter
gilroy Fat Boys comedy hilarious
what is this this is usually YouTube
it's the Internet hey guy Internet I do
it okay who else
zoella is just here cuz we'll see
there's will see Jax Chrome's track B
might we be my YouTube video i love the
manor youtubers i hate everybody guys
how you doing hey and just hanging out
with the che crazy kid over here got to
do his live show oh yeah I'm the foreman
I'm pumped for that mic Kiba oh my god
Eddie Mabo talented that's his
girlfriend
do they know you have a girlfriend yeah
yeah yeah please hi your life found the
Internet we're on the WWE okay love you
this is exciting we're backstage just
hanging out it's a party I'm nervous
Oh coming so L it guys let's can say hi
over there say hey you guys be in my
video
oh you're blogging I bought it my
camera's bigger than a little bit there
I have a camera laptop cool this is for
my wine this is a one-take video I'm put
up on the Shaytards right now hey are
check them out they're from England
they're beautiful
of you guys can you guys and they just
met the kids for the first time yes
they're the best part of me
all right love you guys so I'm look say
Frank isn't this a frankerz huge
struggle insanity we just performed at
Jackson did you intially see it do you
like it what do you say okay um here we
go that's currently 402 we're going
onstage in 28 minutes I can go to the
shaver thing um what else can I say oh
look let's go meet a few other people
you guys are like Mike Falzone say hello
I'm 50 Internet hey hello I guess we'll
see Freddie Wong Craig
wheezy waiter okay you're on a YouTube
video oh yeah funny hurry do something
yeah that's it whoa dude your thumb
that's dangerous dancing nice okay
that's it that's enough funniness love
you guys they're actually doing a video
Craig has a video that he's like
collaborated with a bunch of youtubers
thank you
or she could be here I wish I'm
emotional I'm getting emotion with it I
think it's because I'm running on very
little sleep all my friends and family
are here and a project that I'm very
passionate about and very excited about
just about to be put out to you guys and
there's nothing more like nerve-wracking
than like something you've worked on
creatively that you like Phil is special
and then like hope you like it
you know what I mean but I appreciate it
everybody who came and everybody who's
ever watched and been a part of this
journey I want to say thank you please
check out the documentary trailer be
live momentarily and this is the vlog
today because I have a bunch of other
stuff to do after this I love you I will
see you tomorrow as always
thank you
