okay today is the first day of VidCon
and we need some clothes because we
haven't really finished unpacking from
our Idaho trip and sunt our needs new
shoes because he is currently rocking
duct tape so we're running to the mall
to grab some clothes for everybody and
then we're headed to videoconference are
you ready yes are you excited good
you're a boy boy yeah I said the boys
were going shopping and the girls were
going shopping hey we're gonna beat you
guys gonna be done before you guys are
okay meet back here in 20 minutes let's
go dude you ready get some cool stuff
alright we're gonna get some cool stuff
okay we're done so just a little bit
better
while my kid is bigger than your kids
just guess sky's a better shopping you
know we get in we get her done we get
out of there do a little dancing in the
meantime mmm girl mm-hmm Oh Rock card
this is gonna rock that denim jacket I
like your shirt I think you have the
best shirt there is it's really pokey
Audi right there in that area your
Volcom stone is poking out your Volcom
button body's getting all weird and
round and let's squeeze it
I'm here with Craig wheezywaiter we are
shooting a video that will be premiered
on the main stage at VidCon beyond the
wheezywaiter channel oh well yes well
I'm not gonna promote that so the
second-best beard on the Internet is his
mr. Hayes the seriously we hate each
other oh yeah go check it out this be
hilarious video has Jack and Finn it has
Hank and John it has me as Weezy as
Davis who else it will have Charlie
McDonnell it will have it will have Cory
by doll dude apprentice who that guy
know him yeah
and the state our kids are all gonna be
in it we're doing it right now all right
all right so we have a problem you guys
Oh
the most frustrating thing of the world
I'm uploading the vlog I just tweeted
look it says 293 minutes remaining and
we're only at 11% hey do you know what
the most frustrating thing in the world
is slow internet so we're kind of stuck
in this hotel room we have another hotel
room I'm gonna I'm gonna try to go put
it there this is frustrating all right
so I've recruited I've recruited to
upload thoughts with me what are you
yelling at
do you like VidCon yeah
it's like what going why is it like
going twice mark it's very true
Frances darn says that when we go to
VidCon it's like going to a toy store
because they come away with like a pile
of presents okay so usually at VidCon we
get a hotel that's like separate from
like two all the VidCon madness because
there's so many people there we like
can't walk anywhere without getting
mobbed it's you know it's like the one
time a year that we like really feel
famous because it's just like everybody
at the hotel knows who we are
so usually we'll get a hotel that's like
separate because then we you know can
like you know walk around
does that sound douche you to say
anyways we do actually who's flying
somebody's flying so we're gonna go to
the hotel because we actually have a
hotel room at the convention center and
we're gonna see if that internet is
faster so that we can upload the daily
vogue for you guys hey because of you I
got 1.6 million views how are you okay
I'll see if it Gunn this girl that I saw
at vlogger fair who remembers that video
she's cool okay so good news the
internet here is a lot faster and got
the video up so we're here at the Hilton
in this room that we got is crazy check
this out do something fun show how big
this room is we're playing tag just
running around and there's a giant
youtube party going on right outside of
our room literally every big youtuber in
the world is walking right outside the
room oh well pretty much this is VidCon
is one of the biggest youtubers
conventions there is philip defranco
just walked by Shane put that picture in
get him get him I should let you guys
just go out there and run and jump on
the dance floor would you do it if I
said you guys thought there just run out
there and dance on the dance floor what
you do it no gonna have to come out and
get you I'll let you do it not rock card
oh you're embarrassed of that rock guard
okay it's my turn and it's kind of
creepy because it's like a mirror
sliding glass door so you can see out
but they can't see in so we're just
sitting here like watching all these
people I just saw Tay Zonday go by
mystery guitar man just went by and I
was like like knocking on the window and
you like see chicks that are like
checking themselves out in the
reflection they're like seeing how they
look they don't cut their dress but like
we're just staring right out of it's
pretty funny beam kitty hey me today
Thursday day
what's up I love you guys bye what's
going on sciatica you lengthen par meter
it's true and it's just like all of a
sudden we hate you and it's like you
drop to the floor because it hurts so
bad right now
sciatica all right so we just got back
from an epic you to tea party yeah so I
should have pulled the camera oh my wife
go
she left me you know you don't want to
be that guy that's at the YouTuber party
and it's like you know you get your
camera
you're like hey hey you you're famous
famous table I my favorite I just wait a
double chocolate rainbow all the way
across the sky because the tay zonday
who's a good buddy of mine and then bare
the guy that did the double rainbow all
the way across the sky they're both
there let me get my picture with you
guys
it was fun and we saw a bunch of people
it was fun so what we are doing now is
getting snacks for the morning for the
VidCon running club you guys remember I
did one of the person I can't picture
but I was a bitch in your sciatica
so for one of the perks for the
IndieGoGo campaign for the documentary
and we were gonna start a VidCon running
club so people paid to come running with
me thank you to those people so I am
buying them breakfast right now
what are we gonna get maybe it's some
granola bars when get some fruit some
water some juice no doughnuts no
doughnuts you don't come to the running
club and he doughnuts quite lots of
donuts we just passed a Winchell's
donuts out there so she wants a glazed
doughnut for her sciatica that's the
best thing for sciatica's mommy tarts
been in a bad mood all day because she
had bad Panda Express now she's pissed
off let's watch your waddle off now with
her long Rapunzel like hair so hot
though I'd still make a baby with you
you already did
so you know baby-making coming it's
looking it's stretching some Wow this
jacket doesn't fit me anymore but I am
representing making babies haters you
don't actually dawned on me that maybe
there's some of you who don't know what
VidCon is this is the fourth annual
VidCon the fourth VidCon that we've been
to it's basically a giant convention or
conference for youtubers kind of like
comic-con you know and comic-con is
insanity
this is where every year the biggest
youtubers in the world come I met Jack
and Finn today which are like to a
handsome young Devils boy of way I have
them on my shoulders last I checked that
picture had like over 22,000 thumbs up
on Instagram so they're pretty famous
they're from England
I still an England accent I suck I'm
sorry does that racist is it racist to
do a bad English accent yes racism I am
a bamboo arises what do you want waters
we do need water so let's get some
waters so tomorrow I'm doing some panels
where I'm gonna talk about like YouTube
that's what you doing a YouTube
convention and then it's our Q&A
tomorrow Saturday and that's what I'm
looking forward to not only on are we
we're showing one of the Shea beard
cartoons the newest episode of the shave
your cartoon horse or on stage and then
we're gonna premiere the world premiere
the world premiere of the documentary
trailer and we changed the name we've
been telling you guys that I'm vlogging
here that's not what it's gonna be
called I hope you liked it we changed it
we will reveal that on Saturday remember
a hundred thousand thumbs up you guys
please what can I do
only one of these day our ball has dried
chili you guys I'll do it if you get
200,000 thumbs up this the hottest chili
known to man I better buy one we better
buy or I just wasted one I'm gonna buy
one of these mark my words I'm gonna buy
one I'm gonna tell the lady that I ate
one and have to buy this
actually oh it's burning it's burning
huh I'll borrow you're still alive my
home oh geez I'm gonna clean up nearby
stays totally shaken his love right now
take your love babe we need sleep
I'm shaking my love I like it
shake your love babe a little bit more
come on shake shake shake yo love we're
getting watermelon and that means we
need a watermelon yeah oh really I
wasn't gonna get a watermelon but it's
like I love watermelon the morning you
guys know it's my favorite breakfast and
why wouldn't I get a watermelon
I gotta get a watermelon they may rot
here all watermelon selection yeah
listen to the tab get a tip tip tap tap
that and roundness roundness and tapping
tap the roundness
right there all right we're getting
water about and speaking of watermelon
the new Shay beard huh right you'll see
what I mean when you see it the new
shape here
what letter melon I love watermelon my
favorite fruit ever ha ha seriously stop
it cut my melons oh snap did you get the
pepper
there was a pepper do you see a little
pepper there's one pepper I see I stole
that and then I put it in a cart so I
didn't but oh no I one of your peppers
size in a buy one till you get the guy
stole it maybe it fell through the cart
we owe you for a pepper right back I'm
gonna paper I want it still a pepper
dried our bully This Is It this is it
you guys found it one pepper
how much does run yeah really it's too
light are you got it yet on the scale
pepper on the scale for free yes I ate
it
Thanks that well that's a good haul
Tut's got $200 worth of groceries and
one pepper for free that's a bargain
well we paid for the green leaf lettuce
that you fit into
oh it's is that still in your teeth that
green leaf lettuce was a dollar 20 that
joke cost me a dollar 20 I hope you guys
liked it really why are you happy that's
a pic receipt let's see that glazed
doughnut you got I'm jealous do you feel
guilty you're a naughty girl I'm more of
a chocolate bar myself what are you
chocka bar maple bar leave your comment
below we're taking a survey survey says
say chocolate bar you know what I like I
don't think normally people like is the
chocolate round ones with the cream
filling in the middle let's say custards
yeah I like the custard not like the
white cream like the Custer in the
middle dude during high school there'd
be like a break I used to always get
those a break okay it is 1202 at night
we have all the groceries for the
running club tomorrow morning at 8 a.m.
so I gotta get to bed now we're gonna
try to take all this stuff to the hotel
and then by the time I get to bed I'll
probably get six hours of sleep I got
five hours of sleep last night we are
running on fumes people we'll see you
tomorrow
good night hey guys VidCon 2013
yeah and it's a big blast and winners
please watch the one and two and three
and of course four years ago and then
yesterday's video yeah and yesterday's
video click on the subscribe button and
it and you please comment this video
do everything you can to do love it and
be done we're done going on here
who's overtaken by in sleep hey guys
we're gonna go to the Ouija Kings
concert tonight Charles and the band is
playing on stage the main stage of
VidCon and we're having a blast so we'll
see you tomorrow okay say bye Allie
