okay we are starting today at maker
studios I'm coming here to pick up Cory
and a bunch of lights because we are
filming some more interviews for the
documentaries so we have to come pick up
all the gear here at maker I think
that's gonna be for VidCon it's gonna be
a big sign about VidCon
hey does she get gap or credits for the
movies that's not helping us make the
movie that's a snail princess starting
to hear that dude you're gonna be in the
credits of the movie as a gapper for
carrying things in alright or shooting
interviews today what's up buddy
cameras cameras lights and cameras and
delivered in the house well what what
are you doing
pay attention to me you've been ignoring
me all day he won't even let me pet him
now he's mad he's mad are you mad at me
all day today and the crew is still here
it's almost midnight
we don't mind we partied hard oh yes oh
yes I did
nope any weirdo so they're just getting
ready to start shape interviews we
finished an interview with him and I and
then my own interview and now it's time
for Shay and it's 12:12 right now and
this is what we've had for food today
yep this was in an out burger and then
we had pizza for dinner oh and that's
what happens on the days that we film
all day except for Shay he was still
super healthy and he had granola and
blueberries
leave it to Shay to make us all look bad
no I'm super proud of him he's doing
great he really wants to show you guys
his shade what what Shay loss can do at
VidCon so he's been being really good
it's so weird that we're doing this at
midnight huh you know I just what well
now we do listen you guys I've been
filming all day for a movie not a
YouTube video so true that's true
alright we are this is the night before
VidCon and we are not packed it is
midnight in fact not only are we not
packed we are still not unpacked for my
number so in order to track we have to
unpack and then repack to go to VidCon
tomorrow the biggest three days of our
year and or here at midnight making a
mojito and Shay has makeup on it oh
don't I just want to pet you because
you're so cute they have the heavy
petting Philly mom the man today has
been I am in a very I'm like exhausted
because it's like we have like unveil
that I'm burdened all this information
talking about the life that has become
our life over the last five years on
YouTube a lot of emotions men a lot of
memories a lot of walking down
memory lane and this interview that I'm
about to do is probably gonna be the
most emotional and I'm already like
because it's midnight
- and Cory has done this to me because
he's played who's trying to get me to
cry Cory and he's trying to make sure
I'm exhausted and like at wit's end now
we're gonna talk about like some of the
tough stuff one of the things that I
mentioned you know months ago and we
started talking about this documentary
talking about the stuff that I've never
revealed to the YouTube audience some
kind of nervous we've talked about it
nothing yet I mean I come on tonight
we're just trying earlier and we
realized that when we when I showed up
when we filmed you your guys's interview
at your old place that was almost five
months it's been a long time what stuff
is happening between that uh no and this
yeah it's growing you've known since
January and kind of we've had like half
a year to kind of like I was where I was
I was pretty nervous before now I don't
care I'm not worried cuz you had time to
sort of like like get used to the fact
you'll see Friday are you guys crazy
oh absolutely it'll be out yeah high
five and fast forward eight hours we
stayed up till 4:00 in the morning for
in the moment in nimona and and we're
exhausted but right now we're on our way
to video conference Colette is driving I
am editing the vlog and you are watching
the vlog and now your thumbs up in the
vlog and now you're commenting on the
vlog hey you look weird with makeup
right I was just looking at myself I'm
like who I like plastic it was weird
Cory makes me do weird things you guys
makes me wear makeup a dance of tutus
no man yesterday was a an emotional day
it was physically draining emotionally
draining I cried I did you know the one
time I cried was talking about her did
you cry did I cried a lot she did Cory
actually wouldn't let me in the room he
didn't want me to be in there while he
was interviewing Colette and I could
hear her like I could hear those breaths
what's going on in there what's she's
saying so like there's parts of this
movie that I'm not even gonna see until
we see the movie but but I got lucky
I'm fine listen to yours she died you're
a cheater so the trailer for this movie
that we've been working on for the last
six months is gonna be up this Saturday
and it's gonna be on a separate channel
I know I can't I'm not release it yet
stay tuned on my Twitter and right here
at Shaytards because we will let you
know but saturday around 4 o'clock Oh
Pacific Standard Time California time
the trailer for the documentary will be
live and I beg you guys please help me
promote that I made that video to get at
least a hundred thousand thumbs up if
you guys can help me get that two
hundred thousand thumbs up that would
make our year like this is the biggest
project we have ever ever worked on
we're making a movie I need your help
please I've never asked you for much
what I do actually gets up
but this this little trailer we really
are counting on this trailer to do well
because we want this trailer to get a
ton of views so that we can get the
attention of a major distribution
company and that's going to be the way
that we're gonna be able to get this
movie worldwide in theaters is if we get
in contact with a major distribution
company so we need that trailer to be
huge and we needed to turn industry
heads and get people to notice so I am
gonna think that you'll like it we're
very proud of it and it's turned out
really well I watch it five times blood
sweat tears it's got into it every time
I watch it I'm like yes just two and a
half minute trailer so please che tard
rebellion i'ts I need your help
you're my army you're my family and I
need you guys to help me with that
trailer this Saturday it drops and I
need you guys to help me to tweet it
Facebook it to thumbs it up favourite it
comment on it share it everywhere put a
message on a carrier pigeon spray
painted on the side of the overpass do
not graffiti do not graffiti but I
really I'm asking I'm begging you I'm
pleading you from the bottom of my heart
we need this trailer to do really well
honey agree to do something crazy if it
gets a hundred thousand do the truffle
shuffle
she'll go the pregnant truffle shuffle
will you do that
just shake your belly your naked belly
dude I've never seen a pregnant truffle
shuffle
that could be shaken baby syndrome
actually she'll do the pregnant truffle
shuffle shaken baby syndrome if that
trailer gets hundred thousand of you
married me okay so listen we are right
now in Anaheim
we've just got here I'm already seeing
people walk by with like YouTube shirts
on and stuff we are about to go into the
fires furnace there's a Ford Fiesta
there's a youtuber right there
this is crazy man video conference
VidCon fourth annual VidCon we're
pulling in right now and it is three
days of pandemonium I'm sorry if you
can't be here we'll try to include you
guys as much as possible the vlogs might
be spotty because we're so busy we are
booked we were scheduled like packed
back with doing things for the next
three days so it might be just like one
take iPhone videos but we will try to
keep you guys in the loop as much as
possible and we will film a lot and we
might just have to get like a really
long clogged up after VidCon is over
okay so you guys ready they're sleeping
all right here we go yes tomorrow
you
