oh dude hey Ellie go beat these losers
up right here go beat them up guys
there's a mattress I feel like I'm
organizing Oh
whoops-a-daisy you're here again I
better think of something funny to say
hey guys look it's him
oh we're almost on playlist live DC you
guys got to get the booth set up we got
a hustle the the convention starts
tomorrow today's business day we got to
get the booth set up Logan has all the
shirts so you just fold it nicely I'm
now messing them up as you can see right
we're up I think I'm so there's last
couple conventions instead of shipping
all of the clothes we have at our tricks
and clothing booth we just bring like
six or seven suitcases everybody you
know pack suitcases full of tricks and
shirts and we bring them out here do you
guys we got hats hold up that
playlistlive shirt dawg
keep this peep the pink hats and the new
tricks and flag shirts up close enough
to feel this I bet you barely saw it is
such a yeah dude that little body hugger
I like body huggers we got this person's
smile on your face that's a good shirt I
got to go to a panel right now and go
chat with my mouth and my lips my teeth
on my tongue okay let's go and then I
talked about the internet with my
friends from the internet yeah all right
I just finished the panel I think I did
pretty good
we're here at the trixin booth just
trying to get everything set up how does
it look guys Dejan to aaron it's all
right anyways we got to hang up our sign
up here so I'm just here hanging out
some really awesome people that play
this live yo I just stuck a granola bar
in my face
what's up what alright
that shirt this guy's been tweeting me I
stole his hoverboard last year broken it
was broken I did a 360 on it I just saw
your sure like Charles look at that
guy's shirt looking good dude looking
good Bradley what's up dawg hey we're
playing those five hi guys okay here we
are in Washington DC with two of the
best-looking people I've ever met
Charles and Allie here they are okay so
let's do a dance you guys have to do a
choreographed dance to this music these
are there's some church that we're here
at another horrible dancers you guys
will let's just watch him and laugh
anyways
so beautiful dancing in the streets of
DC our Charles and Allie coming into
your living rooms ladies
ah sounds good how long do these bells
go for do they yeah that was good Dancy
I think the dancing seemed a little off
but I wasn't gonna judge either was it
oh look yes four minutes it goes on I
stopped I feel like it would have been
better if they just go ding ding ding
dong yeah there needed to be a finale or
something anyways here we're outside
sitting outside the Marriott looking at
these flowers enjoying the fine dancing
and friendship ha ha oh dude hey Nelly
go beat these losers up right here go
beat them up high kick hey doggie
birthday happy birthday oh yeah we
didn't say it in the vlog you guys
everybody get together get together get
close yes we're part harmony go one two
troopers Charles Charles Charles I
thought I'm organized
and see the thing to me yes I would like
a turkey leg please happy birthday all
right we had a genius idea to all rent
bicycles and toured the cinnamon Charles
won't go see the site you'll see the
monuments a little bit earlier yeah yeah
you know this could be a bad idea
everybody be careful out there on the
streets all right me out here
fire Vikon City streets of Washington DC
we're headed to the Washington Monument
right now I think we lost some of them
we went through a red dang it / - go see
Abraham I'm excited you guys let's go
see Abraham's beard you want to come on
let's go enter and enter ah
all right look at the flashing lights
here they come sorry we left you at the
light we left you nice you guys like a
cool bike gang dude our bicycle gang is
gonna have a fight with this Segway gang
up here yeah we're gonna take these guys
bring it we don't have to wear vests all
right
we're stopped at a light yeah wow what
an evening every time we come down here
at sunset it is gorgeous
hear the cicadas everybody's riding
bikes oh gotta go green light here we go
hey you guys my my wife made me this
bracelet I saw something guys asking
about it gorgeous evening airplanes
taking off from DCA and there's a kite
Benjamin Franklin would be proud would
you imagine the time Benjamin Franklin
flew a kite that we would tell him that
well we're gonna build a monument that's
taller than that kite freedom steel
waves in our nation's capital so you're
just sitting down to the girls
watch how those flags doing the it's
crazy trouble huh got him got you guys
and where we did that last you're here
we are again can you believe it Charles
deja vu yo taking a photo I know right
Hey Joe these colours day on exact
cotton candy skies
what's dang hot ding how do you say your
name I just mess it up I know I just say
your name
Dejan Logan you in the cotton candy you
get it we're just talking about that
just talking about that comes Charles
there's Charlie hey Charlie and look at
Cirrus can I just hold on let's just
respect this for a sec yeah bum bum bum
bum ba dum ba dum bum bum bah
dang that's pretty suit again
ball buckskin but look at that dang dang
dog hey Jeremy JIT what's your name um
hey Ezekiel saw the wheel I got a song
girl oh gosh this is so tribe Tyler
guys did playlist set this up just for
us Austin really no it's got some credit
you can buy anything this sunset is
amazing it keeps changing colors it's
purple one minute paint the next hurry
we gotta go over Oh guys we got to hurry
the reflection pond come on let's go
mine you meant chillin man nice you guys
look at this
is this perfect is this a painting baba
rockin it Abraham Lincoln is sitting
right through there what a view old
Honest Abe has huh just sitting in there
telling the truth looking at these
gorgeous reflection fawn looking at
these gorgeous reflection pond mount
fountains I can't dude I didn't even
vlog with Abraham we went we saw him
Abraham Lincoln honest a we were in the
monument me and Logan were chattin I
didn't get the camera out sorry you guys
seen that before
anyways back at the room I'm headed home
tomorrow the kids and the family are
camping and I'm gonna go meet them in
the tent
we're gonna sleep in a tent I wonder if
we're all gonna fit in one tent we have
a big enough tent babe you know we all
sleep in one tent
do you Gavin if you're farting in there
I'm gonna be smacking you dude so clean
up the colon what okay I gotta go um
that's a wrap on the playlist live D see
the sunset every single time I come down
to the Washington Monument is such a
memorable night it's amazing is this
annoying sorry Thank You playlist live
you as always you guys are awesome I
just realized some flogging loud and you
can hear people in other rooms so like
are people like oh I can hear shriek or
vlog
guys quiet what do I care though like
here I don't think I do
okay goodnight see you guys tomorrow
okay
