all right okay uh-huh
you know what I'm saying you fill up
your bra here we go another day begins
with a bed to bed front flip oh my that
was awesome what else you got for me
give me some tricks dude that's good his
bed bed game is up dude but if you
mister your land flat on your back
high-five up top I'm just so proud
jumping to my kids I never knew such
extreme trick to be done and just the
time and commitment and effort he's put
in it's really it's really paid off with
the offseason okay let's see this nice
up next ladies and gentlemen he's gonna
be in his bio 540 front flip I'll give
you 20 bucks if you can land on your
feet 20 bucks you're gonna have to tuck
hard dude you did it on the Tramp I bet
you could do it on the bed when you flip
tuck heart into a ball and grab those
knees and just spin and land on your
feet 20 bucks dude you can do it here he
goes ladies and gentlemen this could be
the greatest bed to bed jump ever
though most you did well that's never
good
you got to keep your teeth clenched
first rule of bed to bed jumping yeah
well make it happen bro I don't hear
excuses I wanna see action excuses when
I oh is it the mattress finals of 98 I
didn't make those excuses oh you almost
got there my dad so try doing it
alright buddy
time to get in your car seat 101 dad
come on Ziggy
so jarred get Zeke in his car seat show
us how it's done let's go get in put on
a home to ride to California in the back
of a van that's a good big brother
there you go get in ok baby try are you
gonna shut that for us Oh get your
skateboard in there baby tardes a
special shutting feature that she wants
to demonstrate to us today all right
avatar let's see this fantastical
maneuver well then ok before we get on
the road with the stop get some food and
this was like the closest fastest
cheapest place kids love it
yes happy happy meal ha ha and who loves
to do this I like to do this even though
I can't wring its fries I like to just
do a consolidation pile so for you cool
at that bro you cooled the consolidation
pile this is what we're living the law
of consecration with the French fries
here this is just one big pile of fries
does it look better like that oh they
asked to catch up on it's right around
the French fry Valley right over here
watch out eat your cheeseburger take big
bites he wants to open his despicable me
but I told me how to eat his
cheeseburger first open it hey beautiful
there's the real beauty of my life
do you mind if I consolidated the fries
into french fry Mountain if you want to
take a dip into the ketchup pond you're
welcome to but you have to be fry less I
mean naked I mean what okay go ahead
never mind
better
look at that
just play with your hands you being a
good boy
busted documented sugar consumption
no no liquors only for the driver hey my
little minion quit being a crazy man
I would like you to shut your mouth
please all right you guys can share one
what do you say say thank you daddy
thank you so if we pass those back to
those losers thank you very much baby
tai what do you say you wanted to print
this hard okay then baby card give up
the extra piece you'll get one piece
look at that little face you little rat
monkey pass it up here I will come back
there and bite your freaking ear off
don't tempt me okay here I go sometimes
you're in a car
there's disobedient child there's only
one thing to do and that is to start up
there
oh you're eating it I came back here for
nothing
sorry oh not safely this gentleman Hey
I love you love you are you like grace
yes yummy you're being such a good boy
yummy all gone all right you guys
actually have some exciting news I've
been on the phone thanks to Colette for
driving I've been on business calls
talking Oh to multiple people about the
movie or making is remember the
documentary exciting news we are showing
the documentary trailer at VidCon and I
know a lot of you be like oh gosh I will
guess not either can rock turn no just
kidding he'll be there
we are gonna show okay so here's the
plan we have a trailer and I have
watched it multiple times and every time
I watch it it's like oh I'm so excited
to show it to you guys it's good I
really like it I think it's
so here's what we're gonna do we are
going with the fit is up right now
the documentary trailer is on YouTube it
is not live but when we get to VidCon
we're going to show it at VidCon right
as we show it from the main stage we are
gonna have a little laptop we're gonna
make it go live at that moment so you
guys even if you can't be at VidCon
you're gonna see it the exact same time
as everybody at VidCon so we're gonna be
on the stage we're gonna have everybody
that's in the trailer all the people
that are in the movie come out on stage
we're gonna show it and as soon as we
showed it VidCon we're gonna make it go
live on YouTube so you can see it so
even if you're not at VidCon you will
see the trailer to the movie now here's
where I need your help
and we'll talk about this more later but
we need you guys to help promote that as
much as possible because we're still
working on getting it distributed Rock
card I will strangle you to death so we
need to help get a distributor for the
movie so we need the trailer of the
movie to do as good as possible anyways
we'll talk about it later but you will
see it this Saturday you will see the
movie trailer for the documentary that
we've been working on I haven't been
talking about it very much just because
it's a lot of like business stuff and
thinks they can't necessarily share with
you but this Saturday you will see the
trailer for the documentary very excited
very excited remember last time we were
there at the Bellagio and I went and
took you to that show for your birthday
cuz I'm such a good husband yes I
remember that you remember what a good
husband I am okay so here's the
situation as per usual we're driving
through Vegas and need to upload a daily
vlog because that's what we've done for
the last four now here's our lives and
our favorite spot to do that is the
Planet Hollywood because it has the
fastest internet I have ever seen
seriously it's a mysterious mystical
internet that's like shoot see
SiC Blasi fast internet so we have a
predicament because we have a giant
Great Dane in the back of our van and we
can't just valet your Great Dane they
don't valet Great Danes you didn't know
that Planet Hollywood
Rock tart little known story if I didn't
tell you guys this million times
two hours after Rock card was born she
was on that screen back to this soil and
somewhere in Vegas
I tell this story Roger did you know two
hours after you were born you were on a
velocity yep that's me he knew it
because we were friends with the owners
of Planet Hollywood because we had just
done a flash mob and so I tweeted the
picture and they put it on the front
Marquis of Planet Hollywood who
remembers when I tweeted that picture
anybody five bonus points blog card I'm
sure you could find it give me the
picture of when ROC tard was on the
marquee in Vegas two hours after he was
born he was on the Las Vegas Strip right
here on the main strip called time
anyway that didn't finish telling you
about my predicament so the problem is
is we can't really take seek anywhere so
what we're gonna try to do is pull into
the parking garage of Planet Hollywood
I'm gonna try to log into the Internet
as these guys go get food I'll sit here
in the van with this Tiki land try to
upload the video so hopefully the
Internet is as good as it is in the
parking garage as it is like inside by a
planet dailies or the Earl of Sandwich
those are two great places to eat if
you're ever at Planet Hollywood final
Hollywood here's what I want to happen
every time I roll through Vegas I want
to be able to pull up to the valet and I
want a valet to be like mr. Butler
welcome back to the pond Oh Hollywood
would you like us to feed and water Zeke
and bathe him and clip his nails while
you're uploading your vlog and I would
be like yes yes that's exactly what I
would like here Dante here's your $10
that's the name of the guy his name's
Dante he comes in he picks with marcar
every time we come through you like that
idea
fast tuck when you're in Vegas baby
No thank you Hannah Montana you're a bad
example my job back on the girls with
the big bugs horrible lessons we can do
whatever we want because we're kids no
one will judge us except God yes he will
you there's a catchy song though it is
very catchy
I will not let my kids listen to it
though well we well what
well you're not watching the music video
that's for dang sure Sophie if you watch
the music video girls gross yeah she's
doing a lot of weird Miley will pray for
you my lady guys thank you come on quick
do it right now
how we get our ticket into I'll just be
in here uploading the video I use the
Akshay Carlos
stupid dog I'm so bored
hey but 50 unread for me letter right
baby tard letter line huh
I know he's crazy okay so I'm uploading
the vlog it's not as fast as it is
inside of the hotel but mind you I am
kind of like in the parking structure
underneath tons of cement but we are
uploading we're a 66% it's gonna be
about 40 minutes for this vlog to upload
if I was in there inside guarantee you
it would take maybe five literally I'm
not exaggerating last time I was here I
uploaded a 31 minute video I think it
was 1.2 gigabytes it took 8 minutes 8
minutes
upload 1.2 gigs this one's shorter so
it'd be a lot quicker and I just read in
comments on yesterday's vlog on the
greatest hidden campsite on earth and
you guys you got it to 19,000 thumbs up
that really makes a big deal to me I
look at the thumbs up in comments
there's 19,000 thumbs up and over 5,200
comments so I'm gonna sit here and
comment on as many comments as I can
while I wait for them to bring our
sandwiches
I love them every time this is so
beautiful so we're headed to Vegas it's
not a shame this time we're gonna get
crazy
great great I'm pretty sure she's like
yeah well she just woke up we're trying
to get all the way to LA it's one day
and it's kind of rough but hopefully
these sandwiches Pepa sucks
maybe face
I'm trying to look around the Vegas I
don't know what you're looking at dude
what are you looking at Vegas I'm
looking for some hot chicks mom so here
we are sleepy I think it's cuz we gave
her some Dramamine it's wooden time to
get some motion sickness
now she's sleepy but how are you feeling
happy this work trying to get Mountain
you do we definitely put the kibosh on
that one how are you doing you like the
pizza sandwich yeah struck hard eat
sandwich so good
baby tired is getting used to repeat the
sandwich so it's pretty interesting
people watching as I'm uploading the
vlog just seeing all the different kinds
of people that are coming by check this
thing out that just pulled up this may
be the coolest biggest gas guns and
holiest gas guzzling mist stretch limo
I've ever seen this thing is a monster
I think you could probably fit 50 people
in there that is a beefy beast be
Phillippi I can limbo under that thing
there goes that's like a Ford f-150
stretch limo for dudes on the town oh
right we're home what are you doing
that's not your bed crazy Monkeyface
rock garden tell her get on my bed Oh
see you think about that for a minute
Lee yeah what are you doing in my bed
son tard what's going on this is almost
like you're older um what's you want to
give us a little tour dog where we are
we are in a new neighbors well we do
have neighbors but we are not in an
apartment so we could jump that's great
about Yasmani what won't I need a
haircut
I know babies how do you like our new
house roxrite say babies are get on my
bed no hitting though be nice I think
he's gonna shove you off the bed do it
speaking of the bed Amy talking about
show us your room the trash mess that it
is
you want sippy cup all right I'll get
you one so when we moved in here it was
right before we were going back to Idaho
so we literally just threw everything in
the house and left to go to Idaho you
ready to see this trash hole go turn
your light on it is not a pretty sight
can you even walk I don't think you even
walk in here it is a plethora of pink is
that princess hard are you sleeping huh
you're right crazy face leash what yeah
I was looking for your job princess hard
and then I finally found them in the
class and I'm like why in the closet
first of all because they had the iPad
and they were keeping it away from rock
face yeah right oh we played with the
iPad well whose pad is it yours
that's right it's my pad well you guys
like your new pink room we got to get
this freaking place cleaned okay it is
disgusting
so we'll have to give you the full house
tour maybe tomorrow or the next day I'm
showing him our new house what oh he
wants a sippy cup baby Charlie go fill
his sippy cup up gonna show my room our
room is like the only clean room in the
house because we ROCK I think Carly
cleaned this bathroom while she was here
we're in a new house we're in the new
house that's a surprise or read the new
house that's not a lot of you comment
you say I bet you got a new house in
California yes we did we are very
excited about it yeah it has a yard it
has a stretchy mirror did you know it
has a stretchy mirror that's so cool
don't paint your fingers in the stretchy
mirror there's some downsides to having
a new house with the stretchy near
don'ts and there's lights you know
there's cameras there's action oh yeah
oh yeah the action is already bad
there's a toilet there's a baby there's
a shower there's a rabbit
on her head there's a bathtub dude new
house Casa del Butler's in the effector
sup mom it's midnight we're here we
landed we landed on our flight with the
Honda Odyssey and I'm excited to be back
this is the kids bathroom see you can
tell because we marked it kids bathroom
look there's a shower and another toilet
and see glasses and baby tard hi hi and
then this is the room and this is
daddy's office and that's zekiel kennel
and there's the earth that's where you
live right here little note you guys I
might be here August 15th heads up for
that just little heads up and we are now
where are we here in California are you
guys ready for the new house we're so
rich look at all that money yeah so much
money in there
change dolla dolla bills y'all dolla
dolla bills okay stop
well we're here we're excited to be home
we're excited to make a lot of memories
in this new house yeah dude if it rains
one day we'll have some money for
grilled cheese sandwiches what are you
doing what do you do with rainy day
money we'll need some cash kind of rains
on you like you need a new carburetor
maybe your tires go out you're like we
don't have any money we didn't budget
for this get into the change drawer we
need our change
all right we'll show you the rest of the
house later we have to get into bed even
though everybody is super hyper right
now all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow
and thus another chapter in the lives of
the Shaytards begin we are back home in
Los Angeles California in a brand new
pad and we are loving it it has a lot of
space and plenty of room to scream yell
jump and rattle I can't say it enough a
very sincere thank you guys for
supporting us thumbs up being commenting
sharing and watching these videos you'll
never know how much you have changed our
lives
click on yesterday's vlog click on that
feeling lucky mystery question mark
button and see what the shade to hard to
do it one two three and four years ago
and stay tuned for the documentary movie
trailer coming out this Saturday I'm
really gonna need your guys's help to
promote that baby oh I love you say
tomorrow
