hi I'm logging here alright my buddy
my friend is a sad day you know it's a
sad day yes why cuz we're going back to
California are you sad well too bad
alright
oh this is the artwork trying to fit six
people plus a giant Great Dane in this
van good thing we have the help of this
carrier here and we're also bringing a
babysitter for VidCon right you are huh
yeah because a few days you guys excited
yeah
okay call me okay
one suitcase down fifty to go let's do
this yes that's a wasp's nest think I
smell drugs do smell drugs I smell drugs
who's doing drugs in here doing drugs in
here yeah go try some a lot more want
more no this caramel corn oh hi John my
dad's painkillers I was like beautiful I
like how you did both loops two back and
forth from Chicago to mountain oh sweet
cool huh Wow I'm not a caramel corn
smells good
Vicki I think
rhasta what'd you get like those Pierre
in a can
I'm done drinking and eating for the day
it's just waters unfinished Halsey Cal
you guys gonna miss us we're leaving
right now
there's no how to jump up how's the knee
dad he's going to 90%
Shane what her dog just sits on my lap
all right he's a dog talker he likes to
talk Ruling which with that caramel corn
it's really good I want some junk don't
take your first bite don't know I'll be
addicted yeah what what your help don't
give a sh a look at that that he's right
on my brother right now
note there's coach we found some goats
cumin thing I'm laying down and my boat
would be shaken
listen shaky but good thing I'm on you
get shaky but - you're shaky bud
syndrome those girls always fall off the
edge though you should have made always
first off here could make it out with
Zeke over there grandma it's a sad day
but we're headed out to California it's
late at night we're gonna go stay in
Salt Lake tonight Zeke is thirsty
I think he's thirsty and then now we're
gonna make the rest of the drive to LA
one trip tomorrow been here and I know
for a month can you believe it one month
we actually have a surprise when we go
back to Los Angeles for you guys not for
us it's not a surprise for us it's gonna
be surprised you will see honey I'm
vlogging you log me I'm going to fog
what's sad I know I can sell sad leave
in Idaho oh maybe I should change the
battery about to die yeah
because it said this is our home maybe
you're sad because you have wings above
your ears right now oh that's great
watch if you want to see something cool
yes gas station well you're filling up
you know you can do you do a
recreational I'll leave it to my husband
to Boulder while we're at the gas
station yes you like the kids I'll never
be able to pry you away from a gas
station I just hmm that looks pretty
high I'm not sure I'm not sure I agree
with that in flip-flops even honest
truth I still kind of depressed sad to
leave Idaho we get on the freeway turn
the radio on
walk up the earth comes on red hands
it's so peas here again the only the
only two times that I've heard this song
in the visuals dire menu full time super
crew but this motivates me like we're
headed back to LA and here walk up here
like excuse me youtubers they're our
friends they're blowing up they're all
over the radio now I just need focus I
did I just felt this like really
motivated like want to go back to LA
we're going to up our YouTube game cool
oh we're totally us we make plans up in
the game that's big plans from our Idaho
vlogs are pretty dang uppity that's true
company company well the views are doing
good you guys please don't stop watching
this is my parents and my pop brother
run in them look we got another hot
blonde look you're right here Logan
Sophie they can love and spa you're
taking this deeper shirt on okay so
Logan is stay in Idaho because he's
going to be getting his mission call in
the next couple days because I don't
know if you knew that or not but Logan
is going to go on a two-year mission
yeah talk more about that later but I'm
excited to go back to LA we have a bunch
of cool stuff VidCon is this weekend and
that is huge and I'm pumped up
thanks walk up here hey guys Shane here
well that's all the footage that she
sent to me today and in it so I'm gonna
have to include some vlog her footage
that Colette took which she had a made
up can you please be quiet I'm already
working under these very stressful
conditions
you guys look and be working under this
tent basically because the sun is
shining through and I get carsick when I
have to edit in the car and Shay of
course is sleeping in the overhead
carriage because he doesn't think he has
to do anything so he's just going to
sleep all the way to California
I have to put up with this jerk the
whole time laughs me so anyways I'll be
including the footage of Chicago and in
my cave of my editing suite sucks I want
to raise these before what are you
laughing at
so here's a stupid make outage from
don't touch me as sexual harassment the
workplace and I'll have to put up with
it
here's a stupid footage from blogger
that was in Chicago I hate my job oh my
goodness this is a real transformer kid
it was just waving at us
hi Barbara wait what's that that was
Optimus Prime
it is nice to meet you earthling
don't freak out so we're here at the
expo hall monitor and there's lots down
look hey Dom what I don't think I'm
ready for pizza it's like 9:00 am oh
alright we are headed to our meetup and
we've got high yes we have our own
private bus this is the mom's view party
party guys party bus going to the Mita
Warmack place so sweet I wish we could
save up just for us but yes blogger has
shuttles so we're taking the shop-door
you know what we're not celebrities or
not that funny
or not oh we're pictures
yeah
we are bloggers and we're having a
meet-up and it's awesome because so many
people come in sand with and it's
raining and we're under the awning and
we're probably annoying a lot of other
people who cares we're taking control of
this place I say hi to show you guys
something yet thank you thank you for
that Shea's hair looks amazing
hi Kareem I wish you could have been
here hi Shane at for Shane isn't getting
killed anymore are you hi she's cute hey
I'm single
I'll show you a team a team I'm 19 I
teared
hey they've heard in Prince's charge
somebody especially once and I hi to you
hi guys I'm loose Tina we're here at the
meetup in Chicago I gave your mom a
present and I think you're really going
to like it might have something to do
with Taylor Swift just maybe so don't
get too excited but love you guys nice
and hard and rock hard and oh my
goodness girls are you jealous yes are
you jealous
this is so crazy look at all these dolls
girls oh yeah and this is all staged
this is like that's all staged dolls
right there this is your movie so cool
oh boy it's fully gonna say and then
hope they have a different section for
each of the doll
we graze I'm having so much fun they're
gonna have to kick me out here designing
Cleveland alright guys so we just got
back from blogger and we are here with
an exciting adventure ahead of us yep
we got a black her tire is completely
flat and it looks like totally slashed
or something I don't think anybody
slashed it is just like more nails slash
my time cool like that who did it so
we're combining our brainpower cuz I've
had like three flats in my lifetime but
usually I have share my brother dare to
help me fix it but I've watched them do
it so I kind of know how to do it and
then Kailahun knows how to do it and so
we're kind of like googling it and
trying to do it ourselves
it's kind of exciting right guys no kind
of box Wow ty I need to like get on
another team let's just read you guys is
it go to left or the right
I thought left Lefty right even budgie
one bit okay let me put my belly power
into it you're not touching it like that
you away you tonight I could do a baby
on the cement that's gonna be the tires
a baby delivering here we go Katie good
news we got some help
thank you so much he has a lot better
tool and it works I know we definitely
loosened it right definitely don't have
the persons of man to room it that's
really thinking and who would have known
the airport actually has a box in the
parking lot you can call for airport
help so Haley's gotta fill one yes thank
you
Salt Lake City hey guys Shane here well
we're almost outside of Vegas where we
could upload this stupid video thumbs it
up once I get the video uploaded I'll
finally be like get some quiet baby
finally I was its liable smack quiet
your dad isn't here right now anyways
oke it's a rest relaxation maybe play
some blackjack and go to a show gosh
so what yeah writing the rest of the way
after Vegas I'm talking about on the
inner I'm not driving
excuse me you work for us you'll do
whatever I tell you to okay
I got a video see you tomorrow
looking for a shame she'll slap a fool
