here comes the hikers now look at this
sounds like a good hole party coming up
here whoa that was neat as the hike boys
do put tree there you go that's after
walking six miles combine your case
let's sing happy birthday hey everybody
so here's the deal it is Saturday we
just got back from a camp we stayed the
night on the top of a mountain we woke
up to this morning to some rain and to a
birthday boy thanks for having it rain
on my birth KC levere turns 32 years old
today
well little brothers all grown up check
this out we are here where we are case
well that's one peak that's
inspirational point Willard peak area
though it's gorgeous and make you guys a
deal I have to do a switcher Oni with
you once again we're gonna do a one take
Saturday and we're gonna switch you guys
for tomorrow okay I got a lot of footage
Colette's in Chicago blog her she's
flying home today and we're gonna switch
one take Sunday with one take Saturday
this kid right here the acoustics are
amazing happy birthday through the beer
I wish you happy birthday add Twitter so
go subscribe to KC levere subscribers
thanks that's a lot of subscribers you
guys think you can give them that
present aim for the mountains so I can't
wait to show you the footage that I have
so good that's all the water we have
left
I carried in 8 liters of water and we
drank it all except for that last like
1/2 liter anyways we were chasing
mountain goats last night and Logan had
dreams about aliens
Darren break into his tent and we had a
fire we had some dehydrated
it was really good pao chicken it's a
compact chicken tie let's head it hon I
problem blog her today and we're hiking
out this mountain we have about a 40 to
50 mile hike before it's actually 48 48
my GPS just barely 48 miles so this is
one take Saturday you guys go subscribe
to my brother mountain yeah the struggle
is real guys we got a hike all the way
around this Ridge all the way around
that Ridge it's it's right up here and
show them Shane get a little gander this
is a drop off oh if you guys want to see
some pictures of what we've been doing
go check out our instagrams
Logan Mackay 55 that's basically we went
on this campout to basically take
Instagram pictures we all of our phones
died at like 10 o'clock last night and
we've been snapping pictures actually
the real reason we're up here one it's
Casey's birthday and two tasty drew a
goat tag a mountain goat tag up here in
September so we're out here like scout
and step for his hunt and a nice butt
crack all right love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow I promise tomorrow will be
a 20-minute vlogs so instead of one take
Sunday we'll have a 20-minute vlog and
it'll be glorious glorious right now we
have to hike out of here and we only
have a little bit of water left and it's
raining on us a little bit of rain going
on it feels great donuts me that's good
dude the over Kappa yeah ok see you guys
tomorrow
boots
