hi everybody so I just got back from my
hotel room I met blogger in Chicago and
I just got back and I noticed that the
vlog wasn't up so I figure that Shay is
somewhere in the mountains and you can't
doesn't have cell phone service or his
phone died or heaven forbid that he fell
off a cliff and I'm just trying not to
think that way so help me out okay yeah
like oh no where is he the last
Instagram I saw of him was okay not the
last one but one of the last ones was
him climbing a mountain so I'm not
surprised but I really hope that he's
safe right now honey if you're out there
just and me a little love okay all right
so I just got back from a really amazing
party we had the opportunity to go to
the American Girl doll store in Chicago
here and it is amazing it's the hugest
most grandiose doll store I've ever seen
and of course I really love the American
Girl dolls because I grew up loving them
and of course the girls love them now so
it was really fun and I had the
opportunity to get some dolls they're
going to be sending them to our house
not the American Girl dolls but the
bitty baby doll so I'm super excited
don't tell the girls hopefully they
won't see this before I can stop that
from happening
but anyways they were able to get dolls
and it was actually I got War II one and
then Carly got a free one and she's
going to give it to one of my girls
because I yeah Cooper doesn't want a
doll anyway so she's such a sweetheart
to give her doll to me so I can give it
to our girls so I'm excited about that
and this has been just a lot of fun
block her is an amazing place it's
always fun we get a lot of girl
chattered it's always a lot of talking
like that's like all good to see you and
yeah stuff that is probably really
annoying to you guys also we had a meet
up today and there were so many of you
guys that came here to meet us and it
was I mean I cried I laughed we hugged
we didn't kiss that would have been
weird but I am so excited to be able to
get home and tell the kids your stories
and be able to share the gifts and the
letters that you guys gave to me so
thank you so much for everybody who was
that that meet up today but let me show
you here's a little pile of
yes that's a little pile of some of the
guests and then these are some of the
blogger stuff that I was able to get and
I just foiled I'm just wild rotten and I
love it mmm it's super fun but I'm
headed home tomorrow I just talked with
the kids on the phone and they're so
sweet I love hearing their little voices
oh look I'm gonna get emotional and I
heard that rocked hard pooped his pants
today but sure that when he gets older
he's gonna love that I just told you
that but anyways he did have a little
accident so bless
Tosh's heart for watching all of our
kids she literally has all of our kids
right now and that is a big job so thank
you so much Tasha for taking care of our
babies and for putting up with rock turn
having a problem yeah I'm sorry anyways
I'm excited and also I wanted to tell
you guys that I am I I am feeling the
baby move a lot more now not right now
or I would show you but I'm getting
really excited for you guys to
experience more of that with me like I'm
definitely gonna show you when you can
start see seeing the baby move like you
can actually see it you know my belly
will like move so I'm excited to show
you guys that in a few days if I can
catch it on camera and I'm feeling
really good as far as the pregnancy goes
I cannot wait to hold him I got stuck in
a YouTube for text last night watching
old videos of our kids and and made me
cry and it made me so excited to have
another one join our family so I hope
that you guys know that you guys are
also a part of our family and I am NOT
gonna cry um I'm so grateful to all of
you guys who watch our videos and it was
so meaningful to me to be able to talk
to the people at the meet up today and
hear your stories and I'm really looking
forward to VidCon people asked me like
how is that hard does that annoy you
when people come up to you and want to
hug you and stuff but it does not I feel
like it is our one chance to really be
able to say thank you in person and here
your guys's stories and you know put a
face to the commenters it really means a
lot to us and I'm really excited so if
you're headed to VidCon I can't wait to
meet you and I hope that my husband is
going to be there too I have not been
talked to him in a few hours so
hopefully he is safe and a bear hasn't
eaten his toes off or his face off okay
this is getting personal all right I
love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow we will be back together as a
family tomorrow evening so yeah have a
great evening
and I'll see you tomorrow as always
