hi I'm login here here is the dealio
because I know that's why you're here
cuz you thought to yourself what's the
dealio I know I'll go to the Internet
shake me tell me guys what the dealio is
huh one of the dealio is we need some
food we're going camping rock hard you
need a smile where is it
there it is you found a good job psycho
where is it where'd it go I was in my
pocket for my smile go oh I think I
think I lost dad did you leave it at
home
hey where's your smile where's the
turtle oh he had a turtle he's looking
for so we're headed down to Utah right
now but first we have to get some like
dehydrated food because we're gonna go
camping with KC for his birthday and so
we gotta get some do you see it low gone
and the kids are gonna be hanging out
with Tasha Kylie's sister huh I'm gonna
be good
you're gonna help excellent garlic
mashed potatoes pad thai oh look I want
the astronaut ice cream made out of real
astronauts you guys know that astronauts
who didn't make it back to earth they
got free stride on the way back they put
those right in that package that ones
named Lance Armstrong no Neil are I'm an
idiot stupid joke I'm sorry yeah Brooke
works here at Dick's Sporting Goods
she's a Shaytards viewer and you're
gonna help us I'm telling the kids these
are made out of real astronauts is that
true you guys see Brooke nose in outer
space they do yeah
outer space what's the best one of these
beef stroganoff with noodles
that does sound hearty I like some
hearty beef stroganoff when I'm in the
mountains well thanks for watching our
videos appreciate it high fives kiddo
thumbs up other kids come on her high
five everybody
whoa rocks aren't easy on the high fives
there he's playing football he's rolling
his truck into Brooke throw it to Brooke
pass it pass it
Oh a little low a little low yeah
there he goes Hey turn around Rock guard
come here what is in the back of your
pants that you have on backwards turn
around turn around let me see your bum
he has his pants on backwards and his
binoculars are stick it out of his pants
which are backwards good crazy little
boy you're like Dennis the Menace
should have a slingshot back there if
your shorts are on backwards you gonna
get that too
all right we're shopping bogan what is
that just finished my beer soy I raised
or slapped it see razor slapped it
Logan's picking up litter out of the
hospital parking lot all right guys
listen up I want grandpa they have
kisses from each and every one of you
okay
baby tard if I catch you punch in his
knee you're gonna get one square in the
face you got it
noni ponch and while we're in here same
goes for you grandpa'll I just got a new
need if you touch that knee point
fingers at me point fingers a hue we're
going to visit grandpa see if he's okay
in the hospital one of you guys sent him
flowers from Boston so thank you shout
out to you guys you you special you can
kiss me you guys know that it's haunted
this p.m. this hospital smartly robbed
are you see that there's a ghost there's
so many people that have died of this
hospital their spirits are everywhere
there's a lady that loves what I do
you're sitting on the dead person my
child it's not cool
do you believe me
well I hate to be that guy but just
whenever I see one of these I just wanna
touch it
can I just touch it I just be a kid just
flowing water you want to touch it right
let me see what it's worth your hand on
oh yeah how you guys don't hi I was 10
this is pretty very serene Fung Shui
going over here's water conch it's
recycled water so it just keeps
recycling through so if you pee in those
rocks that same pee will come down that
glass in a few minutes so don't pee in
the rocks
it's creepy okay let's go see grandpa
come on here's what it's a machine
come on you guys know what technology is
let's go see grandpa all right go give
grandpa kisses baby turn go oh I thought
we lost one of them do you hear the
children hey grandpa guys how's it going
is it dinnertime
oh that's nice no I rocked I thought I
was knocking on your knee I specifically
told you no need punching we got for
dinner now looks good who are they from
hard units in New York units I think
sent us from Boston really oh you got a
second one unison New York you rock
Eunice look at this man who are these
from dude you got three daddy up flowers
everywhere get well Carl best wishes
from a viewer in Boston best wishes to
you and the whole family hope you have a
quick recovery and your x-ray 3000 works
out on as a good one good job Alex G
your xj 3000 that was white joke and
then we got another one here you guys
are awesome far side of my dad flowers
dad see aren't I a good son and get
people to send you flowers I'm very
overwhelmed by the generosity of your
viewer they're cool how's your knee not
bad kicking your legs around what are
those things yellow booties will keep
the blood from clotting it's now stop
Cher well pumps around
oh well that smells really good man
Cannell idea that smells delicious
this just got a cooling jacket right
here yeah was this your machine that you
have to put on your foot in guess have
his foot in this for six hours a day I
don't like pumps is me around that
bucket of ice yeah that was disgusting
took his bandage off my mom sent a
picture of the knee it was not pretty
savvy that when I was working out I was
like doing stuff my legs nose like I
could include it right now by doll that
you honest and honestly you want to see
it oh you sure you can you guys handle
it all right I'm gonna show it to you
okay yours ready to see this look at it
what's that
that's grandpa's scrap of me says out
disgusting think it's cool bud
baby time what do you think oh we got
more we got more flowers
grandpa tard right here there flown in
now I think it's one might win the award
for biggest one bonus who does it say
thank you appreciate it
what to say get well soon love Jessica
good timing Jessica look at those those
are gorgeous that's awesome yeah yeah
they are dad loves cute little paint
cans in a wagon and a wagon that's this
is one you could replan actually that's
fun that you know what are you that one
cuz I felt bad because I was walking
down the hall and every had flowers and
I felt bad so I went to Fred Meyer
bought that and as soon as I got back
those ones from Boston came dude that's
awesome
good timing dad you live in a forest now
if you have the best
viewers you guys you heard it here first
grandma says you guys Rock you are so
nice
ladies and gentlemen you are witnessing
the opti flex k1 in motion we are
bending that knees I thought it would go
faster than that so there's really slow
this is high speed that's high speed
that's what she told therapist does it
hurt after it's been going for a while
it kind of good sore you have to do it
for six hours a G so doesn't start going
down now yeah well is it wait 20 seconds
at each end and then switches to do you
strap that one down yeah that strap down
and just strap down up here and so it
slowly goes down and they're not loud
your leg up alright here we are on our
way to Utah this is the mountain where
we ski all grown up when I was a kid the
ski hill was only 30 minutes from my
house which was amazing so I go like 50
or 60 times a year if you watched our
shayloss video from the other day that's
where Logan hike to the top of that
mountain right there Logan's just
reading the ingredients on our
dehydrated food you got the astronaut
ice cream and then I also got the
mountain house chicken teriyaki with
rice all you need to do is add 1 and 1/2
cup boiling water and you will have 4
cups of chicken teriyaki with rice Wow
actually please and Michaels's that's
food technology folks that's delicious
well we'll see how delicious it is so I
guess this freeze-dried Napoleon ice
cream says ready to eat space food so
we're in good see it was only like don't
open it do what if we get stuck on the
mountain that's nutrients you might need
I'll kill us nutrigain I'm gonna eat you
first like all we're in wish we had that
napolitana and ice cream or whatever
it's all the nutrients that I'm going to
cost us right here's this little back
can I open it tell me how it tastes so
it's like chocolate vanilla strawberries
in the different colors like
I remember eating that stuff dude tastes
like ice cream does it really yeah
doctor clearly good I don't want any I'm
on shayloss I can't have ice cream Wow
hold it up is it just like a block it's
like a cat or like walk it's like chalk
it's like my shot
choc ice cream actually James very good
baby tardy wanna try some of it some
time passes back today we turn let's get
the sugar princess to evaluate if it's
good or not got to be honest here poke
your head out so I can see your face eat
it eat it you're gonna love it I promise
tastes like ice cream like it guys are
eating all Logan's ice cream alright
everybody has to try peace so dark you
can't have any there might be some free
strike sugar in there all right rock
tart you can have one to walk feels like
he's getting left out of the ice cream
party what do you think try it eat it he
stares out it
the yummy chew it up taking tiny bites
of it reminds me of Alice in Wonderland
like you're eating the mushroom that
makes you big and small it's a good rock
tart you like it say thank you Logan
gumdrop I love you uncle Logan all right
that's good enough all right so here's
my backpack I have a sleeping bag I have
a tent I have six liters of water I have
six granola bars I have some dehydrated
food some clothes a sweater some pants
on this backpack this is my little house
that I'm taking with me what do you
think like it I get yours Logan's here's
Casey's I'll just probably end up
carrying all three of these mine's
heaviest I call gonna miss this Bronx
come here
and this is the meat that we're taking
so we'll have enough food for prime two
days enough for you Oh comfortable Oh
your mug hoping are you want poufy he's
good doesn't freak out it just lays here
that's total trust you touch true duty
all right you know all right it's remote
camping tomorrow I got a backpack full
and boom
brand-new end slate what do you guys
think one of you tweeted this to me I'm
not sure who it was but I liked it so
I'm gonna use it
check out the yesterday's vlog right
there on the left question marks what
does that mean mystery video and then
there at the bottom one two three and
four years ago what those Shaytards were
doing then it had some fun little
pictures in there
thank you for whoever sent that thank
you mucho muy gracias for the people who
sent the flowers
we love your faces and I'm gonna be
camping maybe have a one take her
tomorrow
oh boy I'm in trouble I'll keep you
updated maybe Chloe doing Wow and
anyways I love you nonetheless they'll
be a video you'll see okay love you guys
bye
