you guys so we're at the airport it's me
and we did you were bobbing your eyes
that he would not have it weekends where
it was kind of it was a really busy
weekend and Shay's dad or Carly's dad
was getting surgery this weekend so we
felt really badly but and I've actually
never been to Chicago see this will be
an adventure I should know can I just
say something real quick I just wanna
say one thing real fast
every time Colette leaves I realize how
grateful I am for everything that she
does because it is tough there isn't a
lot of work taking care of four children
we have a lot of chores to do today we
have to get packed
we're gonna go to Utah I'm gonna go
camping for a day with Casey first
birthday baby turns gonna dance and she
helps me empty the garbage let's see
it's a full good job dude
usually when Colette's gone what I do is
I put these guys to work she just
emptied that garbage did you empty the
garbage in grandma's room yeah and her
bathroom I love you now take that and
throw it out in the dumpster kay can you
do it don't fall in the dumpster
go
 what are you doing my knee you
taking daddy's money what okay
beautiful green valley are you late to
say where you if you see one you have to
actually pull really bad for kids
because I think that's something most of
you know I have a brother I have two
brothers actually Casey and Logan that
Casey is the older one he is turning
thirty two years old on July 27th and so
for his birthday he said he wanted to go
on a little backpacking trip so he
written rented some backpacks and some
sleeping bags and we're gonna go up for
two days and go hiking and camping
because Colette is gone in Chicago I
have the kids but Kaylee's sister Tasha
is gonna watch the kids for a day and a
half while me and Casey and Logan go
camping but before that we have a lot of
things to get done to get ready one of
them is to get the house clean because
grandpa is coming home from his surgery
tomorrow so we want the house to be nice
and clean when he gets home huh so empty
all the garbage is in the house another
hard thing that I've never do because
Colette always does it is to get the
kids packed I'm like I don't know what
they need and so I just said kids pack
your bags for two days and they did a
pretty good job so they got all their
stuff packed also I have a conference
call and like 20 emails that I have to
respond to so whenever you have like a
big to-do list of a bunch of things you
know what I'm talking about you're like
oh do all this stuff and you just kind
of like regret it not regret it but to
read it like I don't have to do all
these things I have to do one thing that
I've learned that helps is just to
attack it attack your to-do list just be
like aggressive with this thing let's
pull let's get it done if you start like
attacking things checking things off the
list
like when you're halfway done you're
like okay so getting momentum start
feeling better and then you finish it
you're like I've got oh there's more
stuff to do all right dude vacuum the
carpet
that looks nice okay can you do me a
favor and go up and take that and vacuum
me and mom's room because grandpa's
gonna be staying in that bed so I want
that to be really nice and vacuumed okay
thanks homey princess hard headed the
dishes we'll call her Queen of the
dishwasher is that a good name for you
afraid Prince start going to be queen of
the dishwasher you want to be queen of
the dishwasher no you're the garbage
princess do you want to be that why
garbage princess is the important thing
then wash your legs what would I do
without such good kids oh look at you
loading the dishes grandma's gonna be so
happy when she comes home and she sees
us all that look she's done this all by
herself she's watching these dishes and
laying them out here to drive how are
you again yes so proud of you these kids
know how to work we have definitely
taught them how to work now get to work
let's see you find another job for you
to do come on I need your help making
the bed let's go I need some more hands
on the other side of the bed we're gonna
go make the bed for grandpa what are you
doing are you master of the stairs can
we pass this guy he just plays mostly we
tried to get him all jobs but he gets
distracted really easily mmm his
three-year-old brain gets distracted
easily all right come on let's go make
this bed we gotta make this bed son tard
out of here that a kid get that room
back you my friend get a retard go hang
that up in the closet put the hanger
what are you doing what are you doing
what are you doing what's going on
better hanger Fiasco whoa
work toward Oh a little rock hard okay
go put that in the closet go hang out in
the closet let's make this bed you ready
ready
Oh
like you us parachute okay you got that
side fold over there
all right my friend that carpet is
looking nice and that bed is looking
made whoa what happened to that cord
it's disappeared just sucked right up
into that thing hey you want to show us
what's going on with your shoes we're
poor we can't afford new shoes for son
cards yes - use duct tape do that's punk
rock right there bad that skate punk
rock duct tape sweetness right let me
see show me the bottom son tire has a
huge hole in his vans so we duct-taped
it I told him that's the cool thing to
do will be the new pair of shoes one day
we're gonna save up okay
we'll get some I promise one of these
days we'll get you a pair until then
duct tapes your best friend okay it
sucked up into the vacuum show her she
doesn't believe it you don't believe it
you don't believe this vacuums magic
check it out I just poked in the eye
okay watch this ready
watch this favorite card just you turned
your head we're showing you cool things
and appliances you think we got time to
just suck vacuum cords up in vacuums all
day we're busy watch yeah that's right
it's a button yeah okay let's go back to
work let's go move it what's the next
chore Hey no bad angels we just made
that thing so tired we wrestle him thank
you look at him hogtied that little
three-year-old
you're a good hog tire you know another
major thing that really helps when
you're trying to attack it to-do list is
if you workout before I'll tell you what
I know it's a cliche you know how I feel
about cliches but if you get up and you
get your workout in first thing in the
morning you have started your day with a
victory a V V for victory and you have
the motivation and energy to sleep on
the couch yeah you just got your workout
done ninja yeah
check out the new shayloss video we just
put one up
have you finished editing the vlog yet
what do you mean dad dude here Shane
said you could borrow this put those on
then you'll become a master editor you
ready ready to edit Wow say I'm the
editor now dude if I could give you guys
one life tip if you wake up you get your
exercise done you will have more
motivation and energy throughout the
rest of the day because think about it
you've already accomplished something
and you feel like I'm on a roll it's all
about momentum
you gotta start strong spit on the
camera and we're cool glasses
check out the new shayloss video Explo
ok I gotta edit now Shane get in here
Shane's doing some errands right now I
can add it though you
hey guys so I'm just in my hotel room
you see I'm just alone I'm all alone
this is weird I'm not used to being all
along very often so it's a little bit
weird but I am missing my family I
always do it's so funny because I spend
every waking moment with them always and
you'd think I would get sick of them but
I don't I miss them a lot I love being a
mom and a wife but anyway so we're here
at blog her the girls and I are gonna be
on the panel tomorrow it'll be me Kaley
Carly and Shahrzad and Lisa will be here
as well so I'm excited for that gonna
meet all the great bloggers that there
are we may be having a meet-up so pay
attention to Twitter I'm not sure
exactly when we're gonna kind of you
know go through our schedule and see
when we can fit it in just watch my
Twitter and you will know if we decided
to do a meet-up here in Chicago all
right I love you guys Shay I love you
kids I love you brush your teeth and
floss and I'll see you later I'll see
you guys all tomorrow as always be and I
just carried every bullet we've ever
stayed together and that we will stay
together and work it is bad forever
together yeah okay see you tomorrow
