hi I'm logging here hello good morning
today is a glorious day to get a brand
new knee my daddy had to get a new knee
today so we're coming to see him excited
to see daddy
I'm excited he could be on drugs yeah
I'll be all drugged up he could be
looped up on lip teal all he'll be
looped up on lift Ilan tippy toes tippy
toes well that's the dinghy and I can't
think of anything shoot
alright we're going to see my dad he
just had full knee replacement surgery
whole new knee and me and Logan told my
dad we said dad if they give you the
option to keep the knee put it in the
jar cuz me and Logan are gonna eat the
cartilage for protein okay cool with
that guys again but well should eat
people oh dang it
but what about the protein bro this is a
cool view up here okay we're gonna see
my dad right now here's the hospital
look at this view this is pretty crazy I
mean it's not that big of a deal I just
thought I was cool but a Jay I think
it's cool yeah cool a hot it's like all
of our city so when I was leaving today
I was telling the kids goodbye and
princest heart says dad be sure to film
it cuz I want to see no baby turns on
that yeah baby touch cause death be sure
the film's I want to see I was like okay
I'll film it so you guys can see grandpa
on the hospital shouldn't do it
everybody my dad is in a lot of pain the
next couple days he's gonna be in this
hospital the port Medical Center you can
choose to send him flowers if you would
like he would he's the guy that
appreciate powers he appreciates the
outdoors powers would be nice you could
send her son he's gonna be in here for
the next two days law rooms Ian 344 port
NIF Medical Center definite dude set him
like a big pink Russ that'd be funny
that would be awesome okay noise to my
dad right now I don't know if he's in
here yet hun their mother where's Cara
lat whoa how is he doing what is he
doing in recovery smoking drugs where's
the bed I guess they just will it in
don't they yeah I was showing them that
actually out there it's really cool
feeling sits over this plateau over the
whole city kaze your husband coming
he's coming soon here he comes
an attorney that in a hospital bed you
ready
see dad will he be mad at my filming no
okay you won't even know he looks like
he's I don't see it when he's you know
when he's awake is he sleeping good
morning dad how's the knee feeling rock
and roll they installed chest hair wow
it's a lot of Chester he's gonna beat me
up later on fast good so falls and boom
gone
you're out and then you're here in a
blink of an eye okay so check out this
technology we have bionic knee man here
I think this thing those of you who are
in nursing school or doctor can tell us
something that drains the blood and
there's like an ice pack on it right now
this thing is like keeping it cool like
refrigerating it to keep the swelling
down if you got a brand new knee and I
guess this is the pain ball delivers
pain right to your nerve can I have some
of it dad well there's the new knee yeah
you got the XJ 3000 that's the newest
line in knee replacement surgery the xj
3000 s top of the knot
if you I go to jail mr. Butler I need
you to bend over yeah yeah he's gonna be
walking today get him up and walk around
watching today walk a bit Oh with his
feet and this new me is brand new neat -
dad drugs son drugs kids are here just
like high school
here's I'm fun Braley's here high five
games kids we had to sell them we had
some to pay for Grandpa's knee surgery
we got a pretty good deal though
hey Rock tide would you find if you did
by Detroit that looks just like your old
toy
I think it might be remember this room
oh that's like look it better I know
it's so pretty
guys do you remember this this is
britain started this room yeah this is
where I decided it as Bailey shade
hearts blogs for a year right here
though it was yellow yellow they painted
it I was for him when he was born I
think I like the blue better too hi
Oh oh my gosh you guys so basically
the only people that have been living
here are family members and they haven't
touched it they just look up there and
probably think these are nice weird as
long as this lives in this closet
we'll be safe this knife is protecting
us you don't know the story well then go
back and watch the last 1600 Shaytards
vlogs no we bought this house this was
the only thing in the entire house
we bought the house we moved in we're
like looking in the closet were like
what's in here I look up here in the
very top shelf for show up in here the
very top shelf this knife was up there
and I'm like what the heck good luck
come on anything like a weirdo there's
no giant weird knife is just up in the
thing so we move in the house and I'm
like that's weird I'm like just leave it
up there I said don't take it down just
leave it up there so we moved out we
left it up there and we told Colette's
brother who moved and said don't move
the knife just leave it there they moved
out yeah I stole my said just leave it
there because remember your
sister-in-law Joe called someone's with
the knife in the closet we found her on
there just leave it so they just moved
out collette's other sister just moved
in still still here I don't know that we
took gave her the talk so she knows no
she knows she knows okay believe me here
it's so and it's heavy too is like heavy
duty five like 60% how nice dude it's a
6,000 pound
there that's where it lives go find a 99
bus safe knife and dude right here a lot
of things out from this pleasure
well I'm sure a lot more things that
happened in that bedroom I don't know I
don't think we should do that that's
rude okay well yeah we don't look crazy
family room dude my very first video
when I was dancing in Colette's unitard
with Malachi and son tar right there hey
Shane hey Shane show that clip okay this
is our che and he's giving us lovely to
get 13 of the night she do cleavage is
showing honey I think your cleavage is
showing sexy che tell us what this dance
routine is righto and how it makes you
feel so naked a good times memories
memories Yeah right here yeah well
you're a lot pregnant Tudor nicely
pregnant her pregnant Tertre okay
anyways I'm building the insight on the
insulate up today's video just went live
you guys click on these right look see
here's your little mouse you click on
yesterday's vlog Oh what are the shapers
doing yesterday
what was she doing four years ago today
we'll see in this house I don't know or
at were we in this house you got to
click on or the fill-in like you would
just click on those click on one of them
yeah tell me we're tall but they can hi
watching Kelly's new band life my fear
fiend there's our little eyes show you
know I sort of bring a permit for note
they're gonna promote their new album
that's coming out gonna pollute yep it's
not a porno right no it's kind of like
come on but you move and yeah so we're
watching cally live on stage it right
here in the house oh she's going up
picking up Telecaster she's about to
rock our faces off all right listen here
keep your hands and arms inside the
vehicle at all times
fasten your seatbelt and get ready for
the ride of your life here we grow you
hung up oh there he goes there he goes
here we go I'm the motor you're wrong Oh
easy there's no airbags on the front of
that thing
you okay Tottie's he's crazy huh I think
Robert wants a ride though hey Martin
you gotta be careful man you have a suit
on hon give your cousin a kiss don't
pull it out of there give her kisses Oh
Nancy look your other cousin over there
go give your other cousin a kiss baby
there's the other one baby other one
babies I know I'm Davey
nice touch and hug the baby you're gonna
get into Rock time here's my water Oh
payback payback go go slap them into
their 7-foot yeah sorry we got it yeah
that's right
payback sucka okay baby turn good job
well at least they're learning how to
take turns you had a baby in your skirt
here we got one baby up that skirt I
don't want any fingers to get look at
these two okay I think I need to
supervise this one okay not too hard you
talk crazy to let me get hurt my turn
thank you guys here's a plane so good my
turn the switch all right switch good
dark in here hey guys I want to say
thank you to all of those who have been
tweeting a good luck and saying that
you've been praying for my dad we really
appreciate it
and I genuinely do believe in prayer I
believe that it makes a difference so
thank you to all of you who sent us best
regards warm wishes so keep praying for
my dad he's in recovery he actually got
up walked around today and things are
looking good you know what's crazy is
seeing that video of me dancing around
in the unitard that was six years ago
it's a good life and looking back
hindsight is always 20/20 and nostalgic
but imagining that video six years ago
and where we're at today it's been quite
the ride so thank you for all of you who
have been here the whole time or if you
just subscribe today you're all part of
the family and we appreciate it you know
what to do click on a button okay and go
watch Casey levere on YouTube if you've
got calm slash castle of beer and hush
little your youtube.com slash
electronical beer so you annotated all
those videos right what it's so up one
two three and four will all be a case
liberals with your videos watch them
alright see you guys tomorrow bye
