hi I'm login here alright my children
are your teeth brushed see clean are
they awesome are they squeaking hmm
maybe we're headed to the dentist
dentist a dentist and they're actually
excited because they always get to pick
a toy out of the treasure thingy majiggy
offers and the reason I like the dentist
here is because it's a lot cheaper than
the dentist in California and it's just
son tarde rock-hard and Princess Charm
because baby tar has already spent
enough money at the dentist in the past
couple months right baby tarde yes and
you've been doing a great job of
brushing your teeth right and flossing
get is good there's not the toys this is
a cool place since up this whole place
decked out with you know some wash the
insides reveals and this giant fairies
they just love so much that's the main
reason I love this tennis cuz it's fun
but you find a tray that's a cool train
I think need a haircut dude you do let's
get you in your cut excited about your
new little brother yep you look really
cool in that outfit dude I'm sorry I
figure you look super cool even though
it's pink
hi do you look like your son Danny this
looks super fun look you're just go to
Hawaii and get your teeth done right or
fit in how do our teeth look so far ok
good she's just missing in between ya
know just gotta work on that font I can
kind of show ya somethin better but she
this is the area that it was hurting her
oh you see that dark spot in my mirror
like she's getting this cool fun time
too
Sonia now I keep looking okay here's the
giant treasure belly I guess at the
belly of her robot would you pick the
Frog that's it frog you only get one now
on by the way this tennis is awesome via
sugar-free suckers yes I was so funny
because they finish doing his mouth and
then they put it in his mouth
automatically and he just held it there
like oh but it's sugar-free a parachute
gosh gee nice oh my gosh what a big
camera this is the kid's gonna sit on
your cheek okay and this is my cookie
you're gonna fight on it like this if I
open really wide for me like a dinosaur
big Dino her mouth good job manage our
robot and close your lips close your
lips mm-hmm still go oh okay open oh
good job
Pierce is too good - perfect
look that's a picture of your teeth look
do you see it you see it ready for the
next - one more okay Bubba you're doing
perfect
other honey and close your lips oh good
boy just watch still good you're so good
good okay let's have a gentle discussion
the main thing the dentist said is we
gotta floss better but guess who I mean
just tell them some hard
no cavities
so the no sugar which is working out for
you isn't it
yep no cavities no pain no going back to
the dentist right we might have to go to
the orthodontist so but that's not your
fault that's just the way I think
they're growing high five I can't see
your face
turn this way that matter Shay did I get
the lighting right that time Jay oh yes
Shane excuse me hey thanks for the
shoutout
no problem just keep the cash flow okay
see ya
hey that's looking better - nice we're
just getting you guys all fixed up good
job oh and then Rock chart had a few
cavities too but we have to get those
did you get some cavities dude property
team we gotta floss better huh I think
we're gonna start the whole family on no
sugar crater cuz that would save me
money so apparently Zeke is afraid of
them are you serious turtle race a
little turtle man are you seriously
scared baby oh I was afraid of water
Zeke's afraid of turtles
well bigs afraid of water animals how
does he even know it's an animal is like
oh you're so weird you're so weird oh
then funny he's just a nice bunny
don't stress me out I think you get no
kind of brave getting kind of rude just
loving you he's so so funny time to jump
on the trampoline outlays give it down
guys sad day I have a heavy heart our
mommies leaving us again to go be famous
on the Internet why must you leave us
all the time don't you love us how many
of you live in try town I'm talking
Chicago Illinois
that's where klutz Cohen she's going to
some chick convention work chicks talk
about chick stuff I have no idea
probably like that stuff maybe like that
stuff
maybe this chick wants Asus chick hey
chick do you know what they talked about
it chick conventions talk about what do
you know are you a chick you're not
supposed to know this information if
you're not a chick what's it called blog
her what is that what does blog her do
you know what a blog is
something you write about what's a vlog
yeah so Colette's going to like this big
mommy blogger conference
it's called blogger maybe you've heard
of it she's going to Chicago with the
hotness and hairspray crew Kayleigh and
Carly and least snow bud collecting let
oh my oh me pause and stop everything we
found a cute skirt maybe your mom could
wear that's a blog her which begs the
question
Colette doesn't blog she vlogs so I
don't know why she's going to it I guess
she wants to have more chicks you
absolutely cannot get one of those
what's that dude that looks cool let's
get that you can get that okay dude
stuff dude stuff cuz it's a chick thing
you want to Beach no you have plenty
frilly cute dresses you don't need it
anymore
I'll just give him a hug and tell him
you love him and put him back just say
wait for me I will find you no matter
what
rocked I just woke up from a nap so we
don't know if we want to film him right
now
you're gonna be grumpy what do you want
oh he found something he wants oh no one
of those you're too big for that dude
you need to start getting on a bike yeah
I think you can start riding the bike
now dude you wanna start riding the bike
yeah yeah okay that could be for a
newbie Oh what the model dating new baby
is probably too new to start writing
three wheeler so if you are in the
Chicago Illinois area the hotness and
hairspray crew will be there for
bloggers I don't know we're gonna have a
meetup or what tweet them tweet them and
see if they'll see you that's your cheer
so we're buying actually stuff for
Colette to travel with like you know
that's kind of crap
let's go Shopaholic what'd you find find
yourself cute little blouse huh that's
special
don't say Oh what's up I just uh
touching some melons over here ah no
dude you do a little skating on the
melons
look at those melon Ollie's did I never
see such a good melon kickflip that was
good
I'm gonna get at that Oh lost the board
and watermelon Mountain you might be Sol
you know what that stands for obviously
lost your skateboard
Sol my dad used to always say that which
means out of luck do you see it princess
card stick your arms down there can you
feel it start moving watermelons bro
hurry it's like an avalanche of
watermelons that skateboards gonna don't
move it off of there
jeez you're never gonna see that thing
again
oh uh skipper boo boo boo thank you good
thing you guys are so efficient so if
Colette's leaving for three days that
means I have two kids but the problem is
Casey wants me to go on like a two-day
hiking campout with them
trying to find a babysitter but I know a
good babysitter who watch these kids
would you watch our kids would you ever
trust one of our viewers to watch our
kids that's scary
I don't think so cavity face pull the
golden minute
give me those cavity faces don't get
these confiscate the doughnut holes hand
them over here no more put them back not
getting this dude dave has killer bread
and buys Dave bakes his bread with his
buys do ya he does play the guitar you
make a funny life he has a guitar on the
front of his bread see Dave's killer
bread blues bread ain't nobody gettin
this bread unless they could sing the
blues name that movie 4/5 cool points
huh how about you eighties kids what
movie am I talking about I was just
trying to think if there's ever been any
of our viewers that have watched our
kids and I think the only people that I
can think of is the naive Knowles who
started as viewers and they would be
embarrassed for me to say this but they
started like years ago they had this
thing like it's called dinner with the
Shaytards where they're like spamming us
poking us and they're like trying to get
dinner oh my gosh look at that Bobby you
guys must show this puppy this puppy
anyways they drove with Princess hard
and sent hard once and we let them we
trust them hi Nigel
can I see your puppy I see that Oh My
heavens to Murgatroid that thing is cute
careful don't break it careful two hands
oh we're sorry if what kind of dog is it
well of course it is you can fit him in
a little teacup he's so precious
sorry just random people grab your dog
and start filming it that week we'd like
to play with this little guy thank you
what idiots whoa yeah
Oh bitch I could throw that thing 50
yards we parked in the worst spot in the
lot check it out
we're spotting a lot trying to burn
calories man I got 10 days left of this
five-week challenge if you guys are
doing the Shay loss by weight challenge
with me check it out links below for the
new video so we're gonna go see turbo
and rock guard just Turbo tit onto the
asphalt now I got a grind 300 buddy I'm
sorry to fall come here sometimes
parking in the worst spot in the lots
treacherous you never know what little
snake pit bulls will happen snake pit
bulls I don't know are the movies all
right this is the after movie dance time
because nobody else is in the theater
yeah dancing Oh baby toy that is
beautiful maybe you guys can't even see
this kids always want to do this when
the credits are rolling they like to
dance and dance they do ain't nobody
gonna stop my kids from dancing my kids
want a day if they want to shake a leg
now I'll do the two-step boogie woogie
woogie we'll keep losing they gonna do
it I don't care if it's in a movie
theater plus there was nobody there so
that's what we like to do when the movie
credits are rolling the kids are dancing
it's a good movie turbo crazy les snail
enters the Indy 500 interesting thing if
you've seen the movie the way that he
gets the credibility to be able to be in
the Indy 500 is because of a viral
YouTube video hmm funny how the world
has changed with these little videos
hasn't it check out yesterday's vlog
click on the feelin lucky button
brand-new shayloss video for you me and
Logan are pushing hard through these
last 10 days I am a day and a half since
yesterday since I started these 10 days
and I'm feeling great doing good filling
slim and slender click on the 1 2 3 & 4
right there in the middle to see what we
are doing those consecutive years ago
you know how the sensei works I love you
and I'll see you tomorrow
da you knew that too oh you guys are so
smart okay bye
