hi I'm ready j-rok attacks in hair
morning are you ready
boring really cool
I'll freakin film it I'll put on the
internet for the entire world to see I'd
you like that huh wait I redo that kids
do not try to swerve while going 40
miles an hour on a freshly arraigned
dirt road okay I don't know why but that
just seems like some good advice to give
you specially when you're 15 and you
just get your driver's license he put it
in the bucket we wanted to
Charlie yeah are you ready for a
kindergarten cuz I don't just let any
old body into kindergarten hey guys I
have a question should we do a weight
loss month in September sometimes I
don't even know if I'm a professional
football player or not it's not fun
don't do it seriously there's always the
shoe Fiasco when it comes to rock guitar
okay I want to lose 25 pounds yeah I
just like too much work I want to lose I
want to lose 25 pounds in the month of
September shaycarl calendar shaped arts
calendar that's gonna be cool right I
think I'll be exciting because we don't
even have the counter that's why we're
making it because we don't have any
calendars so we're making our own so
we're gonna buy some other calendars
we're gonna use our Oh would you like it
why are you wearing it give my shirt on
oh yeah that's my shirt right here we go
to the barbecue I know that I said I
wouldn't vlog and drive but I'm not
driving so it's cool if I'm gonna grow
my beard I'm gonna grow my beard but
she's really smart cuz you know I know
that cuz I'm really intelligent
she lost soy muy inteligente ay si si
bueno that's how I know she's mooing
till a gente cuz yo soy that's muy
inteligente AG like when I'm tickling
the other kids and like they get tired
of it but I keep tickling them and keep
laughing Dax like dad have done stop
yeah and it's like he's like has had
enough he's like done no and I stop cuz
I appreciate and I respect his wishes
it's all or nothing baby
just move a boy screwin up so fast rat
the mummy tongue hahaha okay what are
you struggling over here trying to do
I'm getting it off let's see you do it
you ready we got C stands in Idaho babe
I don't like rings hello rank me mommy
tired the professional bullet you got a
pretty good style that's one of the
things I remember what I liked about you
and we first started dating is yet a
pretty cool get like a pretty stylish
bowling stance I do think so are you
gonna cry I don't know are you gonna cry
tell me I have so much fresher now to
cry this is the thing about Shay is if
he does it he has to do it like that's
all the way you monster all-or-nothing
deal yeah my babies grow up so mad from
the chandelier from the chandelier sit
oh you got it hey you win some you lose
some you lose some
ha ha that's why I'm feeling today I'm
super tired all right the party's over
let's see where your tongue is a hit
those cookies look like they were a hit
okay cut I sit down at my computer to
see whose idea was this ah that's what I
thought Oh
g-money just showed up to the bowling
alley hey g-money what's going down dawg
oh hey there's the middle schooler all
right go get him tiger
he will mock you
getting pictures elegant table dude
that's stepping over the line you know
what that means
slap to the head yeah it's in the rule
book check it out it's in the bullying
rule book
oh look caught red-handed with the
sticker sheet would you have done some
paw today my gosh what's happened here
face Oh what is that in your face
my baby look she can see what I'm doing
hey you ready show him our trick here we
go ready
get the ball catch it
are you going to the ball and daddy's
shirt yeah you guys got the nicest room
in the house you know that tie - Avia it
was a little sticker face I guess so wow
there's it so here's all my battery
please all right listen young lady
listen ah we got him from shun tardes
you want to see the video on the mikuma
commuter this don't hurt you close to
your face okay see ya I'm going
downstairs okay okay I sense no change
here we go one two three ah okay tell me
the alphabet yeah do it
I'm serious I know you do too
say it
say it come on are you drunk he's your
problem when's Aloha know do you have a
blue option for me alright I like to go
for a blue please oh I'll get that right
up thank you so much
this helps the rotation of the ball in a
way that no one could ever really
understand yeah together like a dance
out oh it's a party in her head and
nobody else is there it's just nice see
reality liquids one's a pickle I love
one
oh is that fancy you getting crazy
tonight
good job t work you still a cookie
did I just bust you with your hand in
the cookie jar
have a bite come by to your cookie all
right let's see it lets see it
what is by Annoying Orange say
bricassart shotgun no no cookies and
cakes and candy maybe tards eating a
popsicle - Jabar scared anymore
okay I'm gonna remind you guys that
tonight when I tell you go to bed you're
like there's monsters in arewe go that's
better
good job okay so what I'm called on this
right here is the multitask we got the
thumb where'd you get that blonde hair
no no okay then it started you liked uh
cookies yes job any baby tart that's
disgusting
get your hand out of your nose and your
mouth it's just a cool family come see
all right dude you are crazy
Oh big bite good boy
where's the other shoe oh wow
I know dude it's frustrating where the
middle of nowhere there's no internet I
think you're ready for a nap huh ready
for a nap let's do it let's do right now
the students not ready we're gonna go
bowling going bowling we're gonna Bowl
this baby's bald bouncing head down the
lane check this head out you can totally
Chuck that down at ten pan there we go
okay dude don't run us off the road
careful don't run over those bushes oh
you got a shoe oh good I'm so glad
Thanks my knees oh my daddy we're here
at the bowling alley we are gonna play
ball yes we're having the best time we
ever have and they ever don't want them
said I don't get Volare would my dad
even love me though very much make me
sit in his badge his making let's do the
chair oh she's a blanket my onesie on
tears mr. one shoe
what's up one sure you got it on there
you go who's happy now be good to each
other
here my pizza prints printer prints you
got me on my pager I just came out here
and he was doing push-ups he's like a
beast
oh he's Mickey Mouse boy oh yeah you
can't have this yet whoa you're so cool
look at him Oh throw it
no more no more Mickey I say all right
we driving dad so we Cruise in these
streets
Juicy's teats we out here riding dirty
jewy jewy say hi say good morning I got
my new Mickey Mouse hat on and I look
handsome handsome
hey dachshund I love you yeah I think
you get that okay put your the camera
off now it's the shaycarl signing out oh
yeah okay back tomorrow
