okay that's one day Sunday I just have
an idea just seems like we're gonna do
some secret right let's take sign
language body language Amir I'm give
this to the girls go take that to the
girls krysta are you right there in the
office yes that way that way what's the
pina kit kit what are you doing in here
it's 82 degrees in the house right now
we were camping for a week when we
turned off the AC and now it's hot can
you pause it for a second mom girls you
know what that is right there do you
know what that is do you know what it is
you know it is centered don't say come
here come here come whisper to me and
whispered girls open it what are you get
it what does that say read it
Center the stamp will Center we're going
to the Towson samples there sometime
help her out what about flip can't see
we can bring flip cams in when is it
Friday way that's what it is girls those
are our tickets to the concert right
there Friday August 23rd
we can't lose those let me see those
dude yeah they are
Taylor Swift the red tour Staples Center
no proof cameras cams or video audio
recording you guys can we take the flip
cam Taylor Swift some of you have been
tweeting me you guys listen we have to
you guys tell me the sort of the people
in the vlogs tell me this that if we
dress up oh because Brandi went to the
concert what tell us what we do we like
dressed up crazy and we write certain
runner and write a Taylor Swift Tea
Party I can think of nothing better huh
would you like to go to a Taylor Swift
Tea Party sure I don't know I can't
think of a reason why not I can't can
you mom give me a reason why not okay so
what we got to do you guys is get giant
poster boards and I have an idea what we
need to do is line them up we'll get
some of those glow sticks we'll buy a
bunch of glow sticks and line the poster
board with them right forget a giant
poster board imagine this like a giant
post war and we get glow sticks I wait
in line um I'll do it I don't need your
help I can make a Taylor Swift glow
stick poster for liar
I'm gonna do it hi beat dude if we
practice what we can do is we get the
poster board with all the glow sticks
around it I'll put you on my hands good
I could throw you bright twenty or
thirty feet we got good tickets I mean I
could get you right up to the stage if I
threw you on the stage you would have to
be invited to the Tea Party you I could
throw you over the front security guys
heads you down look at her thinking
about it she's really thinking about it
she's going through the logistics in her
mind I guarantee right after like okay
well I mean I put her at that bad I mean
I would be right next to Taylor Swift
we're close
we're in section we're at the Staples
Center and we are pretty close we're on
the side they're expensive oh here it is
section 118 row 11 seat two so you guys
can do a little google search on the
Staples Center for the red tour and see
if those are good seats I think they're
pretty good seats
section 118 row 11 Brad maybe you show
what sorry for interrupting you think
she would maybe tell everybody that
watches the shade are blocks of tweet
Taylor Swift and tell her to let you on
stage if they did would you sing a song
on stage at the Staples Center you'd
sing it if she gave you two microphones
you guys would sing it okay let me give
it let me a little preview but you have
to decide on your song figure out your
set list and get back to me they're
always yeah she want you to see one from
the red album cuz that's what she's
trying to promote quit making out you
blonde okay singing one two three four
I was in your sights you got me without
me
that could be your warmup Taylor Swift
right there the blame is on me I knew
you were trouble when you won sorry I've
worked on the lyrics till okay I don't
know them all my back my back okay so
hold this we did get a package from
Jesus from again deceased from Krista in
Barnhart mo Missouri
yeah that must be her oh I thought you
guys would think it was cool to see what
I look like some here's me oh look at
that Krista with her Shaytards shirt on
what is it
don't make jokes No Oh My heavens to
Murgatroid baby number five sound like
Mambo number 5 nuts
Colette open that okay baby number five
one at a time
sorry let's see what you get look that's
a best friend's gonna close and guess
who that will have the other half
that's me you guys always get the best
friend necklaces thanks a lot Chris even
jerk just gonna see the key oh okay
Molly took it there we go Rock darn
where's Rock chart here let's get a
minute oh there look dude look what do
you say uh-oh no Zeke leave it leave it
leave it
z oh hey he's like what dog took my
other ball here you go buddy there's no
here you want this one too look avengers
here you go bro say thank you that's
enough
what Oh rock card you got another
present check it dude dude can we
present you god you must be a cute
little awesome baby open it up what did
you get what did you get it's a present
let's see if we can recreate that meme
of him opening a present when he was 2
that has like millions of Breed tumbles
on the tumblr
they thank you now lucky man give me
kiss
hey Thank You Krista thanks Krista
we're not gonna say how she sent us that
present because I people have asked us
for years and years and years Shay
please get a peel box these kids would
be spoiled brats if they got to open
presents like this every single day
would you become a spoiled brat yeah no
pillboxes but thank you so much I've
always said you guys want me to send
this stuff we appreciate you just
watching our videos and tweeting Taylor
Swift that's all we ask
jokes don't spam Taylor Swift unless you
love us and then you'll get us on stage
all right love you guys one take Sunday
I am right now that was really
thoughtful right now I am smiling at him
and importing camping footage tomorrow's
vlog you guys we have a lot of crazy
footage and if you follow me on
Instagram oh my gosh I'm sweating 80
degrees in here if you follow me on
Instagram you saw yesterday I did a
backflip off this bridge in some very
shallow water if you look at the picture
that water look shallow it was very
shallow that footage will be up tomorrow
one take center day love you guys you
tomorrow well this pretty show bye
