hi I'm login here good morning it is a
another beautiful day here in the forest
and what is that I smell I smell burning
bacon
that's not birdy I meant cooking I meant
delicious father what do we got going on
here
bacon came and smiled balls Fran heart
feels good
something special about picking bacon in
the morning yeah it smells logo is that
a glazed doughnut reason glazed doughnut
best dip that glazed doughnut in bacon
grease and fresh bacon grease and as you
can see it's kind of caramelized oh wow
that looks really really helps transport
the carbs in your body for energy
really yeah man yeah that bacon smelling
delicious
okay dude can you handle that
four-wheeler by yourself you sure all
right mr. nine-year-old thinks you the
man let's see this sometime on
gonna do into a trick
nice dude
you've got that down pretty good you
guys you think oh he's peeling out now
oh he's peeling out getting fancy
getting fancy Sun tardes renegade whoo
yeah dude that was tough I was some
tough maneuvering my friend give mommy
big kisses mmm yeah it's a big tube
kisses you having fun
all right we're floating the river you
guys you are gonna fall off huh all
right we're all treading the river ready
Zeke you just can hold all hold on to
you so that you're my you're on my leash
that way I can keep you close to me here
hook that under your nose okay come on
zeeky zeeky did I got water yeah you got
a name your boat pull out of course it
is what else would I be called the
Taylor Swift Enterprise is cruising down
the river you saying don't hate the
Taylor Swift Boat don't hit the Taylor
Swift though oh don't hit the Taylor
Swift Boat
what's your boat called Colette get back
to us on that Logan what's your boat
called the Nina what's yours the Santa
Maria dad what's your boat called that
boat
we are just cruising down the river
we're walking
what oh I see Lizzie no hi Ben are you
the Loch Ness monster my Zebes called my
clips oh my butt is like brushing the
ground means you have too many babies on
horse I know we're kind of a big load
wide load here
like I'm done are we done yet
I don't think he's digging this anymore
look how dry there's a dragon glad
you're shooting you see that you see
that dragons huh
- hi dragon fly - big time I let him say
he's hanging out don't think they by
just relaxing in this river the slow
happy shake going slow up there good
good right but there's low be bear
centered on the girls are way out there
oh this is a very shallow river but it's
super fun this is just slow and easy we
just could bask in the Sun huh rock hard
said bask in the Sun by yeah here they
come Baywatch Stiles is first swimming
he's found a good job you look a little
bit nervous deep sigh gradual is hard
mother light I have many memories
catching fish right on this river one
time remember started raining and I
hadn't cut off fish yet I was like I'm
gonna stay on the river
I had these like Oh years on these
fishing waders on I just stayed and
persevered and I caught like six fish
after it started raining it's rare
because usually fish don't bite when
it's ran try to lure judo's like loving
it
Malik I would never would have done this
I know your Shakespeare logic likes it
though no good a good camping dog huh
the W you know you're pooping a lot
turned your fun I'll watch out for you
come on have a good time this is awesome
this is Rogers boat see Dad you're the
raddest I know this is probably all over
the place this isn't my inner tube keep
spinning we keep spinning Hansie oh is
it getting deep for you yeah you're
tough you're a tough camp and dog he
gets a little nervous you got it you got
it you got it one of these dogs
frolicking in the water we're all the
Gator all again I heard that I do it do
I'll just name him Malachi Z Kiel
poor Colby's like leave me alone I'm
trying to stay afloat and there's my big
man he's making sure I stay afloat so we
finally caught up to the Taylor Swift
because having fun and I caught myself a
nice a nice tasty treat I'll call him on
the SS cold wet oh oh oh I got I was
waiting for more relaxing I can't be
funny
on occasion it's untimely funny tights
time to relax nice good this is where
you're recharged you're funny
oh all right Howard that's a good thing
solar-powered funny right yeah
good thing we're getting really fully
charged to my it's gonna be awesome guys
funny I just loud master of explaining
the scenario what's going on in the
situation yeah you are a very good
storyteller come on over there
storytelling Wow telling a story sharing
your life feelings thoughts ambitions
motivations get at it I'm good right in
my bow rutgard
are you gonna tell us the story tell us
a story once upon so once upon a time my
family night there's a little boyfriend
look he came back here john-boy Oh
where'd he go you write that way oh no
it's gone I got one here I think I have
one in my head they keep landing on a
ship they like they like me and rock
tired eyes he likes them what are you
going to name your dragonfly friend yeah
yeah that's so cool
oh look who came up to the camp that two
days in a row you've done seven miles
huh
was it harder this today there's more
Sun it's like two hours earlier today
yeah I would have come gotcha I want to
make it wasn't gonna quit you're amazing
once you tell how to breath it dangers
buncha trees around closer plants it
will give you air everybody blends that
will give you air Thank You trees very
wise very wise you've been listening in
your classroom haven't you no keys happy
to sees dad be like oh you taste so
salty yummy me I love you thinking about
you oh I love is what pushed me through
Ezekiel's out of your weirdo that's
weird okay got weird
alright owns congratulating you and he
had to say something like that I'm not a
year loser
water oh I'll get some water babe we'll
just keep folding this fort down right
here we're doing a great job aren't we
let's look at your cut dude that was
gnarly looking a lot better now though
you're tough cookie
high-fives one of the main reasons I did
that run is because Logan's making some
peach cobbler tonight which I want
where's Logan
well there's the bicycle man whoa what's
up there say hello Logan can't hear show
you the cooking show are you making your
peach cobbler let me show you the world
famous peach cobbler we got oh is that
the Dutch oven this is the kitchen I
built today's the Dutch of husband si
what's going on over here it looks
different did you play all those rocks
out and leave the rocks out built this
so Kasey would be jealous hard son okay
did you really
what'd he say he's like dude you gotta
build me one of those my backyard yeah
dude that's nice so give me some
ingredients here here we go
that smells good Wow oh this is what I
did not the low calorie this is not the
shayloss guide Oh what we did was I went
and bought some cake Nicks and yellow
cake mix yeah mix that all up and then I
went and bought some canned peaches two
cans of canned peaches and a can of
peach filling peach pie filling I mix
those up some cinnamon sugar in there
and I laid my briquettes out oil to pan
up nice put it down put some cake mix on
the bottom yeah the peach filling in the
middle mm-hmm little cake mix on top
tell me more
we take it off and it's all risen we're
gonna put some malos on the top some
marshmallows wrinkles some cinnamon on
let it cool
do you say some about graham-cracker
something yeah I was gonna put you can
put graham cracker we could do that too
if you wanted but that makes me more
like a cheesecake I cap each cheesecake
with a graham cracker crust it would be
good I think I'll have two BOTS of that
Logan I'm having cobbler it's delicious
I'm ready to try copper please ready
it's not the low-fat version thanks
layers all right oxal√° let's see it
lets see it
everyone keep in mind there's a row
there's a couple servings that are gone
but it is pretty good look at that you
get a pioneer tasty pine-needle Wow we
need smellivision tonight and we had
steaks and potatoes and corn and it's
awesome all right say that's why the
dogs are milling around me I know
steak he's like please please I took a
bite of steak and he kissed me a lot ooh
that's yeah I admit I had way more than
two bites of peach cobbler
it was delicious brand-new episode of
che beard is live check it out now what
are we doing we can't let a fish come
between us even a fish is awesome as mr.
gloop tastic you're right go stand on my
Stern whoever gloopy comes to it's
clearly his best friend deal loopy
oh what a clipping or what's gloopy
doing oh my goodness you've gotta check
it out right there click on that feeling
lucky button and you can see the
brand-new episode of che beard if you're
on a mobile device I will put the link
in the description below thanks for
watching you guys check out yesterday's
vlog we chop down some trees we're up
camp and having a great time see what
the Shaytards are doing one two three
and four years ago we were actually
camping I think two three years ago I'm
gonna go check out the links right now
okay love you guys thumbs it up comment
I love you guys alright we'll see you
tomorrow bye
