hi I'm login here this is what we call
real camping so you got chop your own
firewood look at his lumberjack over
here night babe show me your muscles why
don't you take your shirt off and do it
let me split this baby right down - I
sure do for you okay I want you to
imagine I'm your Paul Bunyan I'm about
to show you my big blue ox okay that was
pretty impressive I think that make a
film so glad I didn't shave my beard
Oh true like so much more of a man right
now it's true
this is good timing for a beard this
time I'm gonna let just the beard cut
okay
just the beard it's been asking yeah
okay here we go I think you hooked a
little bit
oh he's getting possessive of the chairs
now mine is mine good job guys keep it
up so now we're gonna do some chainsaw
and so this is my parents lot they how
long have you guys owned this for mom a
couple years No five years six years six
years
yeah see where that can you see where
that orange orange stick stay there how
much is it one point six three acres
almost two acres so they own two acres
up here in the mountains and we just
come up here and camp and cut down trees
we're cutting down the dead trees
eventually the goal is to have a butler
family cabin up here but we gotta get
some more money first but we have the
acreage any donation Jim comes to spend
the night with us Yeah right that would
be funny so right now what we're gonna
do is we're gonna cut some down of the
dead trees like this three is dead
and it's leaning we don't want to fall
and kill somebody so we're gonna cut it
down and use it for firewood and watch
which way it's gonna fall not on your
head kay kids stand back there
you
okay watch it
ah son check out a notch
chain fell off doing it rock you have a
book with you you're a good climber but
what do you have oh you wanna watch dad
chop a tree yeah take us down bye
grandma let's see your book whoa your
book okay so the chainsaw is out of
commission surround try the
old-fashioned way this will be a lot
easier with a chainsaw
see it's almost grown into that tree up
there my tree look at that see at the
very top it's been leaning there so long
it's almost grown in there okay so this
tree in the middle we have found is
holding up two dead trees on each side
it's like oh don't know let us fall main
tree it's kind of sad I feel sad but
these two trees are dead making a giant
a that this is where we should build the
cabin you got your big a-frame let's
just get some big tarps and drape it
over these two on the outside we'll have
a big teepee it does snow a lot up here
Zeke is loving it
calm buddy you're so young dude this is
awesome I'm having the time of my life
okay so we have to take this bad boy
down one notch at a time so we're going
to try to notch up here hopefully
that'll be enough it'll fall down then
we can push it over we would just
straight up push it left or right but
all these branches growing out or
holding it in there we got we got Top
Gun here with you
relax chop down this tree at me at home
of course that happens just as I clicked
it on today
yeah well it's like that one swing just
brought it I think we could almost push
it out well we got another piece that's
some work baby good deal there she goes
you did it I love that sound when that
big tree fall good job boys gotta carry
the dead tree back to camp they're
pretending to put makeup on them
doesn't really want to please being a
good sport
- good support you getting your hair
done and your face done oh he needs a
brother are you excited to have a little
brother rock card and Zeke
he's just to chill and Paulo we're
camping so we're having tinfoil dinners
is turkey meat season with lots of
seasonings I have salt and pepper and
steak seasonings and onion salt and then
just potatoes and carrots and I actually
got this idea
Oh and onions I actually got this idea
from Haley so I she actually did a blog
about it but I'm not a her percent sure
so I'm not going to say that but she may
have anyways so we're doing tinfoil then
there's a normal you'd cook them over
the fire but we're not doing that
because our fire is not made yet we need
to eat so we're putting them in the oven
in our camper cuz we're totes roughing
it right
alright so we're making tin foil dinners
and then we're gonna have some root beer
because that's how we're party hard when
you're Mormon and it's gonna be fun
oh it's right I'll be Roman her for you
don't tell anyone
oh my goodness bro just throw just that
bike these two place so rowdy and
surprisingly Molly is the most rowdy one
she was why it she is she will bite his
face and she was lazy I know she's
vicious she's a man-eater gotta watch
out she may be a woman but she's feisty
I know alright so she went on a run now
burger rambutan I are gonna go find him
and hopefully he's not dead because it
was like a seven mile run he does seven
miles easy though but it is hot so I'm
gonna go check on it by Tom J he's deaf
arriving
does more ketchup on my tinfoil dinner
mom okay thanks buddy
you're shaking old trailer for seven
mile run in the forest it was awesome
I could not while you're up there
already you're a Meho honey and don't
you feel a thousand times better
okay I'm hungry oh snap
was it on radio the kids well the kids
were misbehaving and they needed some
dad talk today I tripped on a stump and
I got mad bro awesome heard Tom tell my
to give me my dad voice wait you have to
talk about that control dinners work oh
good oh wow you're filming that I'm
gonna take about ears hey hey we did
good we did good we're making oh here
she comes she comes
watch out or she'll chew you up whoa
here she comes
she comes she's a man-eater and she
bites my dog in the face rock-hard
sipper lip you little crazy why don't
you go put some makeup on with your
sisters you your girly boy it's red it's
red hey guys we're camping we went our
river rafting today and me and Logan
went on a big bike ride today we I read
in some mountain bikes on a big mountain
bike ride and we're just chopping wood
sitting by the fire telling stories we
told some funny ghost stories last night
by the fire uh we're gonna try to keep
getting the videos up they'll be a
little bit shorter just because it's
hard to edit and export everything
speaking of which we got to go because
those videos any longer no longer longer
check out yesterday's vlog click on the
Finland lucky button and see what the
shipyard is doing one two three and four
years ago say you let's say you let me
see you tomorrow bike and we love you so
much thanks for watching everything look
we just made out
