princess are you excited for today she's
got her Olympic necklace on with a
handkerchief that she won't let me tie
in her hair and a water bottle and
today's theme would be Olympic excited
research we have that TV dance for the
girls that are 8 years old to 12 years
old okay love you good luck
a champion drink lots of water because
it's super hot okay like okay leave me
alone love you see you and today is her
activity I felt bad because baby toy
couldn't come but she's not 8 years old
so she's not allowed to come yet but
someday she'll be able to and Princess
hard was really excited because of the
Olympic theme today and they're gonna be
doing gymnastics so I'm excited for her
it's gonna be fun me day that's all you
have to have when you go camping right a
little bit of steak yes yeah let's not
think about sometimes I can't become
vegetarian cuz I look at something
never mind we're vegetarian on this
we're gonna buy some yeah let's go buy
some vegetables
alright we're shopping because we're
going camping this weekend we're super
excited really okay so no I'll have to
look at the footage later do you want to
show us just in case we didn't see you
in the background blog bombing I think
that you're the queen of vlog bombing
cuz you do that a lot and it's funny you
want to show on your new grass or your
new skirt we found this at the i-44 we
have shopped more at the I in the past
is ground turkey veronik West we're
getting more meat we're not vegetarians
today hey what you doing over there
is it scary being over there kind of fun
funniest looks in her face
I need a montage of all the baby turns
where does she get em to share me Baby
Talk
really I can't take her anywhere
seriously guys you're sitting on the
ghost people look she's still happy that
we're all alone in this restaurant
so we're at this little place club
tropical seas because if we're heard of
it it's a sandwich place two steps up
boom subway so I'm joining my sandwich
there's my manwich it's a book on it's a
turkey BLT yeah yeah I got you coming
your pizza dude why is it so hard to get
kids to eat I don't get it food is good
to eat thanks ain't talking and kill me
oh hi hello hello I'm trying to find my
flight itinerary for this week okay
that's too close maybe just a little bit
I got you to see all my blemishes head
up this far
good bunny ears on you oh yeah
no camera for you Mon shame does not
appreciate jittery footage I gotten so
far away that they can't see you I can
barely feel I need to show you something
and we're the only ones here at the
restaurant and I had a lot of candy
today and I'm funny right now and let's
see yeah we got food snacks at Costco
for the only ones here and by busted
what is going on here this a man Russell
section
Oh Z keel how long he is he's as tall as
you are dude for gorgeous Zeke hey say
your boyfriend yeah get in
uncle Logan don't care why are you all
wet sir water balloons spraying water
fight stuff did you fall in a boo
was it fun is there any boys they're all
girls huh
cool what else did you do archery you
shot a bow and arrow son card did that
yesterday at the at the park you can see
the archery range yesterday I love you
you have fun all right
well we're headed home we're gonna get
packed up we're going camping again and
then we went camping again excited
okey-dokey we are going camping once
again and I am excited so here's the
story my dad is having his be replaced
pretty major surgery really its whole
right knee is it his right knee mom
right right knee is beaten totally
replaced on the 24th so this is kind of
like the last to rob for my dad as an
you know physical therapy and this is
laid up for a month or two so we're
gonna go to Island Park again the same
place we work for the fourth of July and
just take it easy enjoy the nature of
the trees and we're gonna peel dishes
that's what you need for a nice retreat
Bush we're not in a nice camp at this
time we're staying in my parents trailer
and I think we have some tents so we're
not doing the cabin thing this time keep
my dad in your prayers about that
surgeries I'm done July 24th Colette is
doing our taxes
lock her Chicago with the man's ago in
Chicago for flag you know Chicago's
y'all go Chicago Chicago gonna check
your - you mean it's a squirrel
that's a squirrel the next ring baby
look I made us can you just tell your
dad he's a weirdo
dad you're a weirdo Jimmy kiss I don't
think I like that all right we're gonna
go for a four-wheeler riders here with
the fun any of mother nature's finest
basis maybe wild wildebeest or
maybe a fraud boss what do you think we
could fly ladies you don't know what
we're gonna find and then it's like oh
look we found
okay come up to where she saw the Moose
to attack especially if they have a baby
they feel like their babies threaten
they'll fight your faces off they'll cry
square shop face right off
keep your eyes peeled you guys moves
right in here somewhere
the elusive moves you must find oh there
it is we found the most all right well
check this out we are right in the
middle of the gorgeous Wild West and we
can't find a moose it sounds like a most
story to me Colette hey baby tar baby
tired you having a good time did you see
a moose baby tart you wouldn't lie to me
would you
all right well keep looking hey let's
see it
right there
now where's mom she's behind us
there they are
there's a mommy and a baby moose hi guys
there they go bye boo I love you I love
you I speak deer and moose I multi-lane
I'm trying to teach baby turns she's in
her first couple lessons she's still
learning if I boost ready to go babe
your lion
welcome to the Taj Mahal of camping
Nikhil yam good time it's your first
time camping buddy here they come here
come on come here here's your bed Mitch
I know has this first time camping I
think he's kind of tripping out hi mom
we're really camping now huh sorry you
have to vlog like this I've been
drinking tonight
dilated alright so here we are in the
tent this is a lot different than a
4,500 square foot cabin but we got two
sleeping bags so I got a bottle of water
Zeke's gonna sleep right there and
there's the fire that's the heater will
keep us warm at night
thumbs up for camping blogs hey guys so
the next couple of days I don't know
what we're gonna do we might do someone
takers just because it sucks when
whoever he's camping and daddy has to go
sit in the van for three hours to edit
the vlog and then drive into town to
upload it so we my Collette is like come
on shake just tell me to do a few one
takers and then we'll film a bunch of
footage and upload that on Sunday so
we'll see we'll see how much time I have
we love you we are in the middle of the
forest right in the middle of it check
out my Instagram i'll post some
Instagram pictures we're chopping wood
having a blast
we're already dirty Rob heart's learning
how to pee in the bushes and he's
getting good at it
daddy had to teach him how to use his
shooter thingy you know knock him out
all right Joe yesterday's vlog click on
it yes yesterday you know how to click
on the screen right I assume that
everybody knows how to do this but
yesterday my mom's gonna hate me for
saying this I'm like mom click on the
fill in lucky button she's like what
does that mean I'm like right there see
that filling my quiche like aura we're
right here there's little annotations
see where says I'm feeling lucky you can
click on the screen with your mouse you
guys know that right how many of you
don't know that explain it to him in the
comments for all you veterans of the
vlogs alright love you guys see you
tomorrow bye
