what are you going motorcycle-riding bro
wha what do you got there you gonna do
some jumps get some big air bigger than
travis pastrana say Travis Pastrana's a
loss yeah
compared to you anybody as that's what
I'd say well dude go have some rippin
shredding times k okay bye love you
thumbs up for coolness that's what I'd
say oh you got an owie on your thumbs up
oh yeah you got a little cut that's what
happens when you jump over three school
buses you know did you jump over three
school buses you did why'd you do that
okay
go ride your truck love you dude who
remembers when that little kid was
dangling in that doorway bouncing on
that little thing and there he goes a
giant helmet head out the door grandma
this is little heads up this is body
language for I want affection yeah
please love me hug me and give me your
time and attention please you're not a
lap dog bro you're a giant canine oh
okay hey Shane
cut the Wiener out okay not circumcision
wise Apple tea that's what I mean put
the knife away bro
sounded like a giant robot attacking the
city of San Francisco okay explain what
we're doing right now okay so we are in
my town oh is this your town if you're
not a Mormon then you don't know what
we're talking about when we celebrate
Pioneer Day and that's what we're doing
it's so we are gonna decorate bikes
wagons skateboards faces and beards this
balloon is for my beer and then the kids
gonna go on like a little parade and
they're gonna go around the church
parking lot showing off their little
decorations and there's candy and
Sunfire thinks he's going in the dunker
but yeah I said if you do it in your
underwear you can do it you don't have
an extra pair of clothes so you have to
do it in the buff okay and by buff I
don't mean your muscles we got some pink
prank paper to begin the princess
carriage is being wrapped in pink crepe
paper is it crepe crate crap paper crate
is a crap paper yes I do like your
beautiful dress baby tard that is so
gorgeous
here comes Balloon Boy he's got three
balloons ladies and gentlemen we got
yellow we got blue we got red we got all
guides varieties of balloons here at the
parade oh boy it's gonna be a blast
hey excuse me sir you can't be in this
parade you don't have any decorations
what are you two cool
he's getting too cool for school guys
he's an old kid he doesn't need
decorations yes you are my darling there
she goes very pretty
comes Balloon Boy there goes my pretty
pretty princess you having fun buddy
that's fun huh
County in the minute right here all
right here's the Scout Brigade even see
me
nice are you just throw the bag it's a
good job you look the kids are laughing
these ones baby tired
downer candy throwing arm a little bit
better you're such an amazing sport
honey
hey little man are you throwing any that
can do you eating it all huh yummy
you're like so cool he's not throwing
any statue at his back justice for all
amen so son car wants to do the dumb
things to get in the tank dog alright
good luck to you there sharks in there
there's sharks and piranhas and leeches
in Giardia good luck all right here goes
sentencing the little girl with the
pretty dress dumps him the perfect story
of growing up and getting married and
that was their first interaction the
little girl with the pretty dress and
knocks uncharted in a dunk and they fell
in love and really walking about a happy
ending here and then they lived happily
ever after you want to do it you want to
throw the ball you want to sit on the
top what are you gonna get your dress
what I do that's a brand-new dress you
sure okay go get in line you better ask
your mom first before I give you
permission to get your dress wet
meanwhile rock card is stealing cool
bikes that he finds because all these
kids brought all their bikes they're
just like stacking them all over the
place rock card is just kind of sampling
any bike that he finds like I'll try
this one out for a while that's cool
excuse me you're on baby gang hey your
son's hard your son just fell in love
your son tart I think your son just fell
in love I was telling a romantic story
he got dumped by a girl in a pretty
dress and I thought wouldn't that be
great if they grew up and they met at
this Pioneer Day Parade I missed you
missed it it guess you'll just have to
watch the Shaytards vlog tomorrow
yeah you got a new one about a new one
good you're gonna be you're gonna
complete thrown in the slammer for grand
theft auto you've stolen at least six
different bikes now unless you're having
a good time all right see you later see
you on your next bike now we're at the
archery range here's grandpa giving a
tutorial on the proper bow and arrow
procedures this was the same teacher
that Robin Hood had okay son Ted you
better hit the bull's eye I remember as
a kid I used to go with my dad when we'd
go to these archery shoots and there
would be like 3d targets just in the
forest you'd walk around and be kind of
like golfing there'd be like 20
different animals that you would find
deer bear elcan they're just like these
styrofoam 3d targets and you'd walk
around with a forest find the Bears like
a steak could be like you know thing
number 20 all right here goes
nice shot right at the bottom of the
bullseye all right next arrow dude you
better hit right in that yellow right in
the bullseye let's see it Oh whack to
your arm
you gotta bend it out I thought he had
it looked like he had it just right for
me oh yeah take your time
aim take your time take your time
nice shot see your arm yeah I did I
remember when I was a kid that happened
and they get they make these like little
leather straps that go right here and it
covers your arm so that when your your
string hits your arm doesn't hurt as bad
as shooting Tex
and he's found himself a big wheel yeah
this is the newest in the line of
tricycles that rockstar has stolen then
I guess it doesn't hurt to try out a
pink model every once in a while you
know just for style all right so we
missed it but apparently prints this
card winning the dunk tank babyt are you
sure you gonna do this you're bringing a
brand-new dress
alright go into the dunk tank this ought
to be interesting
oh look who's standing next to each
other and why well I tell you guys all
right we have a new fist dunk and Sun
tarde is on the mound throw the
curveball boy throw the curveball there
he goes throwing heat ladies and
gentlemen he is throwing Heat well
that's a fastball Oh goddarn ice low and
outside he hits the strike zone
nonetheless the dunk tank a good luck
kiss from her older sister we go who is
our very first dunk tank in her
brand-new dress she tied it up I don't
know for what reason but apparently
that's gonna help but it's gonna get
soaking wet
here goes baby tired oh she's so pray
hard yeah pick them up
I was up on your little brother got you
give me five you got her you're all wet
sir good job you got her and you hit
that we saw you hit the bull's eye it
was a machine malfunction no no no no
well I guess it's not a picnic unless
you have some ice cream vanilla ice
cream the good old American style what
do you eat you hates more barbecue he's
hungry after all that Duncan baby
charred going with a handful of ice
cream was that fun your new dress is
soaking wet now guys it's really what at
first alright centered think she wants
to get the dunk tank on again here we go
let's see who the lucky pitcher is what
another Oh
first shot nice she's like I do that
watching for the lightning in the sky
Colette's hugging her dad goodbye the
lightning in the sky so beautiful
don't take it off dude right dude the
lightning is so amazing I got a pretty
good one on my Instagram sure head and
follow me on Instagram
it's shy though every time I get the
Camerata just there's been some huge
ones and go yeah I wanna see some
streaks yeah the second you turn it off
it's like whoa cool yeah cool one is
raining a lot
that's sassy lightning talk right there
it was quite the storm the whole ride
home we were all going whoa Wow it was
hilarious you know cuz when you say whoa
that's so funny I know every time you
year well it's not funny Shay shut your
mouth and talk about the end slate okay
sorry bro click on yesterday's vlog it's
a good one Phil unlucky button
Logan new shayloss video up just went
live check it out and see what we were
doing one two three and four years ago
how many of you guys click on those I
know there's a little posse of you that
do that and I really appreciate it
because it takes me about 45 minutes to
find all those links and then to build
the insight every day so if you click on
the one two three and four you're my
best friend
hi nice to meet you we're friends for
life see you guys tomorrow
