it's their time I'm making baked
potatoes and this is going to be corn on
the cob
these were gonna be rolls but they're
not really cooperating so we may not add
those and then I'm gonna make a Malibu
chicken which is chicken with ham and
Swiss it's really yummy I always love
that and then I'm making keep it raw
this is the quinoa black bean salad that
we made on these Shaytards do we make
this our che charts oh yeah shayla's we
made this on the shayloss channel well
good well it's just stuff it doesn't
have the sauce on that yet once it has a
sauce which can be also do worse of
chips it's not time yet it doesn't have
any sauce on it yet you won't even like
it I promise you won't like it sir do
you love your daddy do you love your
daddy do you love your daddy yeah I love
you okay get back to work
hey now you're a rock star you're an
all-star yeah keep it up
how much what is you have you gotten
today do you minute do you guys like
when we talk to you about the vlogs you
know I'm saying or you just wanna hear
something about our date cuz I've been
there editing the vlog yesterday's vlog
which was 20 minutes you're welcome
Colette just such a much footage you
have today and I said absolutely zero so
she turn on the camera cuz she's the
best wife ever
good wife and it's just our life I want
to say an ID oh well it's cuz it's
summertime honey it's so fun
doesn't talk about something but at
words ever escaped me Oh like dry ball
that's entertainment
I know it's hilarious Oh haircut I'm
like a haircut I'm ready I'm ready to do
it I'm gonna cut it all off hair beard
everything there's different groups of
people there's just the haircut group
there's just the beard that not very
many of just the beard cut group
there's the leave it all long group
and then there's the cut it all off we
would remember are you
that's four groups to cut off your hair
group the cut off the beard group they
leave it all long group and the cut it
all off group and there's no shoes of
category discriminating among groups
group are you in I'm in be honest
well group were you in the what this is
that I like are what group and I you if
I wanna know what leader of the group or
yeah I'm the along and then I shave
because you know I don't like hair hair
so I shave it know what me know I just
said there's four groups about my hair
do you need to pick one of those groups
so you're in the fourth group I'm in the
fourth group I'm in the third group
you're a cheater but I usually always
like your hair short yeah okay sorry
here's the long and short of it that's
all the footage shade got for that day
cuz he's a whole Rambo vlogger so Hey
well this is awkward a hey hi I'm Shane
nice to meet you chase brothers here
he's wearing chains
oh the shades are hiding audience idj
I'm Shane is James of the shade hard
looks good nice to meet you come up
watch the new shayloss link to the
description abilities ok so continue on
to footage that actually happened today
we don't usually do that the Shaytards
logs the day you see them or the day
they're uploaded are from footage day
previous but we only got a couple
minutes of footage so we cheated and
filmed a few things this morning that
are being included in this vlog so here
it is watch act what's going on here is
this the pit stop
don't punch your little brother as
mommy's dumb Rock chart
you know there's little baby in that
belly Mommy has a baby inside that belly
did you know that it's a little baby in
there
you guys here to get fueled up on your
race you guys are the pit stop
hey show them your elbow Little Miss
kamikaze crazy
princess star dropped down a giant dirt
hill the other day got the speed wobbles
and ate it and now she has a giant
raspberry and a scab can I chew that
scab off you let me chew it off of it it
hurt you're so generous burn all right
it should be wearing you are in your own
shirt huh precocious interest no
presumption Asst print person tickity
I'm having breakfast cuz then I'm gonna
lift weights at the lift weights of
facility and I'm having quinoa this is
like my pre lifting meal quinoa with an
egg on top of toast oh babe I got it I
got a plant already you're look here's
my plate it's transfer the toast quinoa
bread
don't break my yolk don't be a joke
there we go yeah that looks like a
healthy delicious little meal huh think
that'll fuel me through the
weightlifting session baby tard do you
approve of all these nutrients proteins
carbs and fats
good you like the quinoa don't you it's
delicious delicious rock darn I love you
okay sounds good Oh Oh did you hurt
yourself
Shh look at that dude I see that it's an
Marly cut it okay where's once again
take my suggestions go to the front desk
and say can I borrow some scissors
why packaging company just like men the
guy it's like it's a cliche joke now you
can't what do you guys think your father
right now I'm in stitches I'm gonna sue
this company
I'm feeling very litigious right now
that's a big word for sue well um
scissors things like that and you're
gonna break the headphones in the
process what do you need a comic bomb to
open up your headphones I only took a
screwdriver a deep cut and some elbow
grease and frustration hey daddy's going
to work out you guys are gonna go to the
thrift store and do some toy shopping
I'm gonna muscles
rawr look it's just a daddy cut his
finger see oh wait did we show the doll
no rock turns Austin baby turns got a
little crazy with the first one dawg
okay um I'm gonna work out see you later
here have a good workout leave you my
wallet
please don't spend everything that's in
that thank you Dad we'll see about that
sucker you're trouble actually here give
me that
you think I'll spend any better love you
have a good workout love yo we're out of
here she picked you up from the airport
yeah come pick me up in an hour and a
half okay all right thanks all right
here we go
okay we're headed to the DI right now
and some of you may be asking yourselves
what the heck is a DI it's called
Deseret Industries it's another like
donation thrift store type place that's
here in Idaho and Utah areas so we're
going in here because if you remember
from last week's vlog baby chard and
Princess hard got porcelain dolls and of
course you don't normally play with
porcelain dolls but they were so cheap
that we got them and they're beautiful
and of course the inevitable happened
and rocked hard rock Todd decided to
play with one and he threw it against
the wall and it broke okay so we're
gonna go in and we're gonna see if we
can find another porcelain doll for baby
chart we found the magical conch shell
from the Shay beard you like that huh
brought her saw that and he ripped it up
and he blew in it just like he saw on
shavers I got one the cavalry has
arrived
friends we show wait where's the war
whoa who are you feather face um I'm a
war bird you just summoned me for battle
sooo wait every time we blow this thing
an awesome bird comes to help us out
uh-huh technically yes but it's only
supposed to be used in emergencies
Oh Oh do you know who that is
it's going to bed with the animals yeah
that's right
remember that's baby Jesus baby Jesus
swagger oh my goodness that is adorable
we have found a doll go get it okay baby
hard batsman play McCoys I found this
beautiful dress and look at this shawl
and this will be a total of what for the
both of them oh sorry that was a close
one
Hey a basketball player good job okay
yeah the crazy kids @di their minds okay
I have to show you my amazing thrift
store haul that I love so much I don't
think they're as excited about it as I
am but they can wear em for when school
starts look at how cute that one is and
this one oh my gosh I love them both
because I'll share them because they fit
you both the same ah seriously dude you
got to go at least two hours without
sucking your thumb
I know you can do it that's two hours
that's not even a damn eye yes even
though a zebra holds day that's ours
okay baby tart it is 1254 so starting at
1:00 o'clock okay
from one o'clock to 3 o'clock if I find
you sucking your thumb you will have to
start over with the two hours okay two
hours without sucking your thumb can you
do it and if I see you sucking your
thumb I will take the doll away and you
have to look at me if I see you sucking
your thumb I will take your doll away
and you cannot have her until you stop
sucking your thumb for two hours
can you do that can you do that so I'm
gonna give you your doll all right but
if I catch you sucking your thumb
have to wait two hours okay
did that make sense was that confusing
it was a little confusing but I think
she got it so baby tar did you
understand that about not sucking your
thumb and keeping your do porcelain doll
yes are you gonna do it yes you promise
yes we give me $100 yeah okay so that's
the rule you have to go two hours
without sucking your thumb and then you
get your doll but if we catch you you
lose the doll for two hours that fair
hmm you understand why how are you doing
on it good you doing good why do you
like sucking your thumb let's get down
to the root of this problem why do you
like second your thumb it's yummy what
does it taste like just thumb delicious
thumb yeah all right get out of here
yeah thumb sucker I love you you're not
a thumb sucker you're not a thumb sucker
you're a beautiful young lady who does
not suck your thumb okay oh okay I love
you get out here all right guys check
out yesterday's vlog the reason that's
deep no excuses it was a long vlog that
took up most of my day that's why we
didn't get much footage yesterday please
check it out watch Shae beard click on
the feeling lucky button the new
shayloss vlog and see what we're doing
one two three and four years ago
tomorrow we love you and we'll see you
tomorrow
