hi I'm logging here pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom boys learn track
leads to a bike it's different color
shoes you ready 5 6 5
I'm ready 5 6 4 zenlea am i 5 or 6 for
your snowman the truth moving up the
truth got them short shorts on ready
touch it
well these must be filming me Oh take
your mind off to there's my buddy
Derrick you guys we're writing this race
with my high school friend Derrick ah
you were take those off I'm going to I
hate come on here take them off right
now I'll take them off okay good all
right here we go Logan get my bike off
of there let's ride this race Logan even
shaved his legs
it makes me our knight in that one fight
aerodynamic alright the sun's about to
rise over the mountains that should be a
beautiful day dude this is gonna be fun
it'll be painful but fun one problem I
have to pee really bad right now
super bad in my tight tight shorts okay
you ready ready we're gonna head to the
front of the race no swimming in the
parking lot love it dude stop if you're
approaching something you could be like
fifty fifty yards apart you can't figure
out which way each other going look at
all right man over a lady in the parking
lot always go right over we're in
America I got fifty miles here we go
come on Darryl it won guys said thank
you
so we started 100 miler here to go 250
miles we're gonna start over again
without we're gonna do 100 mile then dad
called me and said what are you doing
that was the HUD rebuff this is the rain
simplicity oh good now you're ready got
on the right my like a P again - no you
don't hold it here we go again
Volare do you remember when you had
shank what was the delivery like was he
an easy baby to take care of what was
his favorite thing to do when he was a
little kid are you interviewing me smile
he was an adventurer as always
he liked to smile and set out on an
adventure
he's an adventurous what what what
and there's Finnish language sensation
the blue arches all right here we are
we're on the side of the road waiting
for the racers and we are the only ones
crickets crickets crickets crickets oh
there's the first race or coming in good
job
cheater but there's a finish line right
there and as soon as the first racers
start coming in then they'll move the
cones and block off the other road but
the kids are dressed to impress what I'm
wearing mine see I'm wearing shave
traditional this is from the st. George
marathon that Larry made for him and so
I'm sporting Shea and I've got a penis
candy I really should like out of the
back pocket
I should have told Shay to hide some
tootsie rolls in his pockets darn it
babied hardwood you asked okay on first
base yet I don't know I think have you
made it to first base yet I'll play it
on mild 38 he's going to my low 50s so
he's at mile 38 right now we're waiting
for him he just called me he said baby
you want to pop that baby out and you
got to come do this with me it's amazing
I said those endorphins kick in and he's
got dude I've got endorphins to spare so
he's having a blast and Logan is still
keeping up with him so that's great oh
he also said he goes I want to keep
going I want to do the hundred miles and
like was keep going we'll be here so
this is Jen that you guys she walked all
the way here from like two or three
miles away to see Shea and Logan come in
on the race and she whoa
cheer form and why would there but
exactly Carly because that's how
faceting and for Shane Logan have your
but they have
I'm gonna be named I don't know tart I
go home sorry I can't make up my mind
tart I like motivation they got up off
their out of their sanity we're puppets
oh they're what I'm here for thing on
out of their saddle they were up there
did it I know they're riding horses what
do you call a lorry I called I'm glad
I'm not doing ever wanna massage their
butts for them I bet they hurt so bad
all their tools hey even gray-haired old
guys can do things you know that's my
belly I love that bale is like a foot or
an elbow or some toys or I don't know
it's really tight where are you at now
guys five miles left he said this is
Logan and Derek and everybody with you
sweet what about Bri you just left her
somewhere huh yeah I got it I got the
back row I was
that's a full race almost done
okay listen up kids listen to me when
the guys go through we're gonna go down
there but I don't want every wandering
off their own thing cuz you'll get lost
guys stay with grab a chair maybe or
even be a treasure waiter - you two
idiots because you guys need the most
help Carl is gonna stay here with the
stuff oh there was the dog don't want to
go with you in my rack or something you
go he can conquer it why looks right
oh really thanks for the info I didn't
know that he's my son I gave him what I
find if I wrong they're gonna cover it
Dez laughs they started blast they were
at that I just got a call from shades
and he was at Mile 70 but they're coming
down the homestretch we're gonna see
them soon I'm wondering if Derek's wife
will come as before them that would be
awesome brief you beat them
my god
the winners of the 75 mile race see five
mile go finish go through the line all
right they made it yeah why not why not
and their time was 349 on 75 miles so I
don't know it's good right
how do you crazy that's let me sabotage
the first turn and a lot of people gotta
for how long are you kidding me
we're like 76 miles high you guys look
like a total team 76 miles is when I
look at your back look at me smile oh
yeah oh yeah look also how are you
Freddie hi thanks for coming to see us
get with autumn quick
dude it was amazing I feel so good this
is my friend Derek Miller hi guys this
is my high school friend we went to high
school we were best friends are we still
best friends
dang it we used to be best friends but
listen little sidenote princess start
you were born in that building that's
where you were born right there that's
where mommy had you that's where you
came into this world inside that
building that's her dad started as race
today isn't that cool you want to go in
there and sign my name on the wall
that's your building do they named it
after you that's princess tard palace
they named it that all right we did 76
miles somehow we got off course I loved
every second of it me and Derek we just
made a commitment a pact cut your cut
your hand let's line it in blood we're
gonna do this every year
here let me bite it real quick we're
doing this every year somebody was
messing with the course yes wife's
topper stole our song his wife's law of
course apparently somebody messed with
one of the mile markers okay yeah
Derek's getting this truck right now
who's amazing oh it's so fun this is my
new sport man it's my new favorite sport
this is Derek's idea I love you Derek
you're welcome there it is ladies and
gentlemen Bear Lake this is a famed Lake
they call it the Caribbean of the Rocky
Mountains there's actually some like
white shale stone in the water and it
makes it look blue like Caribbean ocean
blue like you're in you know Barbados I
mean you're not gonna catch me
complaining I'm not I'm not gonna
complain one little iota it is a
beautiful day out here on Bear Lake the
sun is shining there's some big fluffy
white clouds the water is blue and I'm
feeling great I feel a mochi bear right
gonna play some catch mom sitting in the
water kicking her feet up tape see this
cloud she's got a big storms coming so I
want you to tape when everybody's
running for their part it's probably
gonna happen not complaining yet
apparently there's like a giant storm
coming look at these clouds big storm
clouds but they look cool here we are
Bear Lake and this Beach is so cool
because it's shallow probably for like
300 yards so the kids can just kind of
play not to worry about them it is baby
tired can I ask you a question
it'll just be a quick question I know
you're busy I don't want
interrupt your playtime are you having
fun okay
this cool what are you finding snail
shells do you love me check excellent so
check out this water you can kind of see
how blue it is so cool man it's really
gorgeous out here you can't be dad pull
them out look he's beached are you
beached you don't have your wallet or
your phone in your pocket
raise your head if you're having a good
time what your hand I think you're
poking your boobs out I was like okay
boobs are fine hands heads whatever you
want to poke out just poke them out rock
tart what are you digging over there you
digging a tunnel going to China it
oh you're looking like you're having a
great time okay we're going to play
catch because we're dudes and dudes play
catch okay all right
show us what you got babe
do it Baker honey
you guys look cute look at you for
return try to pull the logo buddies road
ticket letters okay and true ball their
fashion we got up this level so we got a
rope right together at the same time
look it's gonna drop the board jump on
the board and I'm gonna try to keep
running and pull it like a water step up
are you ready take one here we go
that was working big enough or good
enough like 12 year olds right three
understand why you share our cute
you want me to have a rope on the other
day that's the secret I am gonna have
rope burns for days
okay we got a jump rope now right good
again I told you they're late babe
you're like pausing home
No
long one booth oh my
I find it worked
ah
sauce is s1 same yeah we're on our bike
76 miles 76 Kevin
yeah well too much money you're doing a
great job severally tricky it's a good
way to learn a good way to learn for
when you do do do do do do do do hi
I know right little toad cousin Brett
them Faro leg
get in the car all right
all right it's raining now it was a
beautiful day remember I said I wasn't
complaining this is gonna write into
well it's writing we're headed home you
know what the one thing I do regret
about that race is I wish I would have
taken the flip camera because there was
some beautiful views out there that I
would have loved to have shown you guys
but I was scared and I didn't know how
hard the race would be obviously wasn't
that hard because we did 76 miles but I
do I wish I would have brought the flip
camera because those like bike shirts
you had like three big pockets in the
back of them I totally could have
carried it next time we're do 100 miles
next time there was a 50-mile er and 100
miler we almost did the hundred miles ok
now we're headed home alright so there
you have it the Gran Fondo 50-mile which
turned into a 76 miler because we got
lost on the course do you have fun Logan
I had a great and fantastic time not
even joking and you know how I like to
joke I am gonna do at least at least
that race every year if not four or five
I had such a good time go check out the
brand-new shayloss video click on the
fill and lucky button we talked about
signing up for races stretching yourself
getting out there trying new things and
you know experiencing life wow it was a
amazing I had such a good time check out
yesterday's one take Sunday where most
of my shirt is off and Carly's drawing
on my nipples for some reason and suit
the Shaytards are doing one two three
and four years ago today I kind of left
this one edited long just like little
clips to let you guys know what it's
like hanging out with my crazy family my
dad he filmed like 60 minutes of footage
I had to go through so I just kind of
left some of those moments in there so
you guys could see what it was like
standing on the sidelines with the Shred
Hart family all right we love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget to
thumbs up video up please
