hello it's the one take Sunday one take
Sunday one take Sunday why is there
4,500 square feet of saran wrap on the
couch
Carly you sure this works cuz I'm a
skeptic I was - I don't believe it work
but okay so Carly's over here and she
has this thing where just like my shirt
I got this for my race did you say yeah
yeah get to the point yeah so today
Carly is going to wrap my gut in what is
this tell me what I wear this it's
called it works basically what it is is
a body contouring and I know all you
guys like I've heard of these they don't
work but and Kayle Kayle got me hooked
on to him I personally like them because
it tightens like your skin after you
have a baby that's gonna need your belly
button and it helps with stretch did you
have a belly that I've had for babies
almost five it helps detoxify your body
what it goes what it does is it goes
into your fat cells I had to deplete
some of the toxins so you shut fluff
that out of your body
something's not suffered one day I
didn't go to school they called me a
 it's supposed to literally like
shrink your fat cells of course you
can't just do this and like eat Taco
Bell and not work out and think it's
gonna like last you have to do this with
combination of exercise and healthy
eating but the day I do that I'm gonna
put up my video next week I lost seven
and a half inches in the three areas ago
we had an upper belly like right here
around your belly button in your hips so
total I lost seven inches not in one
area and I have a lady named Renee she
lost over 11 inches
I'm cheating on Shayla looks like you're
having like plastic surgery I'm about to
just where you're making the gone all
the way let go
basically this meets all the way around
once okay so we're gonna measure that
this isn't the high road my bike 76
miles yesterday this is the high-tech
way to do it I don't walk like a real
we're just gonna lay this out I'm doing
the raps she's doing a rap you should
cut until we get this around Sunday to
take Sunday okay I'm rolling again no
like I see hot so when you take their
gear racks out you want to rub it on any
skin that you don't like you have
stretch marks I don't like any of the
skin
scared of all does that pill actually -
it feels like she's wiping a wet rag on
my stomach the motion is on the inside
so if you open it use this extra why am
i doing this on camera
I don't know he told me to film it I
thought we could do this for one thing
Sunday now I'm regretting it I have
marks nipples okay so you want to put it
on the area that you want it the most
you probably want it more lower than
upper also exercises need fruits and
vegetables yeah but you don't want to
sweat if you're put if you're wrapping
yourself you don't want to suffer 24
hours so you're gonna sweat out of your
pores and you want to be drinking so
much water so that I've been drinking a
gallon of water a day like I drink
that's what for 45 minutes and then you
can either move it to another area or
you can keep it not senior leave it on
this for 45 minutes
yes and that's when you you can even see
results in 45 minutes and that's why
some people like to do it you do it 45
minutes and then you move it or you can
measure yourself after court I just
leave it on the whole time yes just even
on for eight hours but you want to make
sure you are happening around your by
the way this saran wrap has been in our
family for five years
apparently so you're the shade grandpa
had that thing of saran wrap they got it
like the moisture in and keeps the wrap
in place doesn't yeah and then pull your
pants up over it's a little so you got
to sleep with that thing on
yeah you know what I think that's the
best time you do is that night so you
can shower it's best if you just shower
your skin is totally clean from no soap
just hold it I'm gonna what and you just
wrap yourself and then you fall asleep
and you can wake up you're sleeping you
are so cute it's gonna read the new
family trend
I mean circle baby
literally if you have like a shemale or
bad milk they take like 30% of the out
of the mill so imma drink gallon of
water today and we're strand wrap
shayloss okay bye everybody see you
tomorrow we have the footage of our race
tomorrow or me and Logan go on quite the
journey 26 miles the wrong way
