hi I'm login here all right good morning
baby tarde is going to start the van is
the first time you've ever started a van
before okay don't mess it up twist a
hard you did it look at you you're gonna
get your driver's license in no time
alright we're headed to pick up the
beautiful one the brunette one the
wedded one to me love you baby
did your seatbelt on young lady a baby
tard
you wanna play a joke on mom let's play
a joke on okay I got a funny idea
mmm okay here we are back at the airport
I think let just barely barely landed
she's coming back from LA from doing the
live Moms view show and we're gonna put
baby tard in the driver's seat and act
like she drove to the airport to pick
Colette up it'll be Hawaii eyes
okay maybe tard you ready you need
driving glasses put those on okay come
on you get in the driver's seat alright
baby turn is in the driver's seat and
she's getting her seat belt on okay so
listen when she comes up and she comes
up to window say hey toots want a ride
home okay practice Kate go okay here we
go I'm gonna hide behind one of these
pillars okay so I just saw the plane
land and she's gonna come out she's
gonna see the van she's gonna walk up
and it's literally gonna say okay go say
yeah that's it so as soon as she comes
up you gotta say it right on time okay
baby tart right when she walks up to the
window say hey juts want to ride home
okay and I'm gonna be hiding right
behind here so she'll come out of that
door I'll be hiding behind this pillar
then she'll go right there I'm excited
you ready don't get pulled over dude the
cops are right there look you see the
cops dude you're gonna get busted dude I
wish I had another camera to put inside
the car to get Colette's reaction but I
only have the one camera this clutch
with the other one to California okay
there's the plane there got to get off
there she is there's mommy guard he's
here okay run down and hide behind the
pillar let's go okay she's coming you
ready okay get ready like one one minute
she's gonna be here get ready
remember what's your line there it is
okay here she comes
ah what'd you say you want a ride - good
job baby tired
good joke give me five never comes off
either so cute growing up how was LA
well I got this one with this cold sore
yeah wow yeah I got herpes in LA likely
story
likely story for its subway this is the
very very first place of fun I ever ate
together 11 years ago
Syd SAR subway much table did you guys
yeah this epic that is in the middle
somewhere
my man that was right right there I
thought it was right there great we
can't decide on anything let's get
divorced seriously lunchtime lunchtime
lunchtime with all the crazy kid times
using all your food see all your food
okay eat all your food okay you get a
treat if you eat all your sandwich whoa
you got a car blow tonight dude their
car blows you guys are carb loading
poorly all right we got our bikes loaded
up we're headed to Logan hopefully we
can do this thing I was looking at my
bike is this anybody who knows about
bikes I should probably know more about
this before I do a 50-mile bike ride is
this like worn down or is it supposed to
be like that cuz Logan's tires do like
they have like a little tread on them
minor ball so hopefully it makes it
hopefully when you Bank around the
corner on your belt I don't think
there's be much banking going on mom I
think there's a convenience watching
bicycle bricks he's like I don't know
yeah alright so here we go so ah she's
trying
editing station bottome right new Sun
colliding it hard to edit see how this
volunteer University bag is a shade for
this bear blanket as a whole step
Oh Callie it's hard it's a glare I can't
see the edit so I'm trying to create on
your darker is is that working for you
because that really looks like it's
helping the whole zippity-doo-dah it's a
freaking nice day out here we're in
Logan Utah right here in front of the
Logan Tabernacle it was constructed in
the year 1877 that's pretty crazy to
think that this building has been here
for that long what are you laughing at
are you watching that here waiting to
watch the girls hockey game and she's
watching the vlog on her phone what do
you see here
date night boys have cooties to hear
what cold water that runs underneath
this Tabernacle to cool it really dreamy
yeah you're making things up you guys I
lied to you it's been here since 1865
look at this building it's pretty cool
you don't really appreciate that until
you've actually done work with stone
since I've done granite work I know how
hard it is and how heavy it is I can't
imagine building a building like that
without power tools it was hard enough
having like giant power tools to help
but we're just doing it by hand and like
hammer and chisel insane the amount of
work it went in to go to build a
building just like that
you got oh yeah you're bright for breast
cancer awareness this is a 50-mile bike
race and it is for cancer I think Roger
no rocker is still in church put those
back is this for breast cancer is it
breast cancer awareness
mom has breasts oh that's the skinny
where anyways put on good shirts Carly
look cute in that Logan let's see yours
what size did you get a large a large -
breast cancer all right we got our race
jerseys and hey look dude you're gonna
special you got your name on yours I'm
jealous
that's what City wearing okay turn
around pockets we're gonna put in yours
so I'm gonna put my phone I'm gonna put
my gummy bears
i'ma put one of my kids in one of them
but some chocolate chip cookies in this
dude you're like your bustles look big
yeah let's go Lance Armstrong you ready
for this thing yeah I will be nice to
Lance Armstrong because he did a bunch
of drugs and was mean to everybody yeah
I like these shirts do that looks good
are you excited I'm excited right it's
like let's do this looks like somebody
else is gonna be in a 50-miler tomorrow
you gotta learn how to pedal first go
push him go help him a little push he
ready pedal pedal pedal
you like that bike he loves it
I'm gonna get that bike you guys love
bikes don't you that's what I love about
Utah random deer I speak deer totally it
I totally speak deer us we're just in
Utah just driving by this neighborhood
and collects like set a deer that's a
deer I just want to take your eat at
first and then attend moved and I was
like ah our pets heads are falling off
seriously get out stop you're not
supposed to do that please quit stop
don't get in there
it please stop you're gonna get us
kicked out of here don't call in there
stop all right you guys get out get out
of the balls you guys seriously get out
of there
what're you doing I told you get out huh
won't go near what do you play with
there dude
you wouldn't grab the bras he goes daddy
look mommy's alright I'm setting out the
race essentials the night before man I
just tweeted every time I go to sleep
with one of these pin to my shirt it's
tough to sleep because I'm nervous and
you got this the anti chafe cream I
think that goes in the twig and Barry
are eeeh the down under the from under
zone got my bike got my helmet got my
shorts got my shoes I'm really
disappointed I didn't have the clip-ins
but you know we're rookies we're novices
we're just learning it better close up
for the next day for school invention
the morning we don't need to pick our
clothes out that's what I'm trying to do
here because I have to go ride a bike at
6:30 a.m. so I'm bragging to be up at
5:30 so the more I have it already the
less Act to do in the morning make sense
let's go see how Logan's doing so we're
in a hotel and we're waking up
brightener which go over Logan's room
and see how he's doing if he's ready to
go I'm not copying picture and I'll
Fletcher are you laying everything out I
really the funny thing is I was gonna do
that but I was gonna seat you to it I
beat you to it - hey I put my on my back
I'm taking my sweater
they are called buttons Carly Maria mom
you have an inappropriate daughter
where's your bike Logan's car you better
go get it cuz Carly's gonna be sleeping
in the morning where you gonna where you
gonna put your number on the front of
the back okay Logan McKay 55 Logan McKay
five six five I wish it was so cool it
was five five five no punch in the head
thanks for the head see you ready do did
you see the anti chafe cream yeah is
that in your bag yeah
do you really where do you put that
guess you apply liberally yes trust me
it works when you do marathons you put
it on your nipples and in your armpit oh
yeah
my nipples because I check bad on my
nephew's they're not gonna be running
though well yeah but it's like I don't
think you're needed much on your nipples
you're gonna need it in other places
well will you bring my bike in actually
put the motor on my bikes for a little
engine on a motorboat
did you guys drug her back
yeah put my on my back it covers up all
the cool logo I don't want to win the
front with the zipper is Oh
sellout here comes Logan McCabe mom you
better watch out you're gonna get run
over
welcome occasion Lance Armstrong in it
opens come on like 20 miles an hour so
we're so excited for a race tomorrow
we're riding our bikes in the halls
Logan McKay in the final laps of the
Tour de Utah here he comes ladies and
gentlemen he's shifting gears and there
he goes he's gonna walk out of there
Rome and tag him
hey good bunch of crazy kids you know
that I know dad what are you doing
watching TV Logan set this stuff up all
right I'm going to bed good night see
you guys in the morning
Kincaid let's leave on remind you a
hundred times no he'll be up trust me
I'm gonna be up at 5:45 I hear we're
leaving at 6:15 okay
6:15 are you gonna be up load yes 6:15
okay what about it my journal see you in
the morning do 50 miles here we go I
don't know if we're gonna die or not
this will be interesting
you guys guys here one quick question
why is it that every time we come to a
hotel room within the first 45 minutes
it looks like yeah you're going to bed a
hurricane is coming through here do you
have kids
what you set the alarm for me okay
princess start set an alarm 5:45 that's
when I'm getting up thank you the gaggle
is like a lot of geese have a gaggle of
children all right what you guys think I
can win this thing tomorrow yes yeah I
think I'll win just because I had fun
yeah yeah that's what losers say it's
not for fun it's for competition if you
don't win you lose and that makes you a
loser better win
all right so we had a great time if you
follow me on Twitter or Instagram you
know what happened
we had some unfortunate events kind of
happened I'm glad they happen it was
exciting
you'll have to stay tuned for Monday's
vlog because tomorrow's one-take Sunday
oh the suspense that means you have to
follow us on Twitter or Instagram to
know what happened it was a great day
beautiful race I'm done with the race
now because I'm editing and then you
should check out yesterday's walk click
on it feeling lucky button you guys I
know I've said this before today's
episode of Shay beard
it's Saturday Saturday morning cartoons
today's episode of shave beard is I
really do believe the best one yet
please you guys in order for us to get a
second season I talked to the animators
and maker studios they said that each
episode needs to get 200,000 views which
I like we're a little far off but you
guys could please go watch that it would
help us out a ton click on the film
lucky button go watch shape here and as
always check out the one two three in
the four in the malonic see you tomorrow
can I love your faces bye
