hide-and-go-seek time good morning
beautiful you're on the internet what
eatin grapes and blueberries on you
right now I know you look better than I
do right yeah I'm handsome
what's for breakfast had a pot boiling
butter yummy have some berries berries
somewhat gala putting you guys to work
child labor I remember doing this when I
was a kid what do you have to do here
okay
were these papers for Mom so mom has to
fill these out for her school so she's
having her grandkids do it okay who's in
charge of making sure nobody messes up
you have to make sure every one of those
papers is in there they retard don't
miss a paper you need an orange a pink
and a white paper all of the envelopes
is it okay that's the rule okay make
sure you do it right all right get each
one of those look at this they have
their own little station but you should
do princess TARDIS you should put the
white one first and then you can stack
the other ones below it what kind of
system you got running here Davis
already doing a good job chill
in the kids oh man I know right
you're in the middle of the Kids Zone
yeah he'll be like the second oldest did
wait you already are the second all this
what happened well get you didn't go to
paper fold in school you've dropped out
you dropout flunky fold them in there we
need quality control in here grandma you
better get in here make sure they're
doing all right and Zeke is just holding
the couch down like usual quit growing
you big stinky bag of bones Sharky ah
days yes Giada and if you can't find her
on YouTube
I always just Google with shards of 76
that used to be our YouTube right yep
she is our new home I'm so excited you
are gonna be awesome hats off to her
because she's hitting up the live
hosting which none of us were like we're
not doing that I end up you don't even
ask me I'm not gonna try so scary so
she's a champ and she's just amazing at
it so we are getting ready I'm gonna
show you guys the set it's not for a few
hours like if they're doing testing this
is the set we got Kaylee and Angel the
ring angels part of the network as well
candy candy count says yes I love it so
it's kind of going to work we're gonna
sort of rotate the moms because I'm not
gonna be able to have some
the other bombs won't be able to but
it'll be fun their lead some of the same
like Haley will be in the next one
anyways but it'll be here we go you look
so fabulous you're so cute
just somewhere you want to sit you're in
charge we got our own bugs too I'm
trading my shoes like a baby by the way
yeah we're gonna have like Twitter
giveaways because you guys can tweet
live during the show so yeah I'm super
excited and I have so many things in my
brain I kept some hey am i a creeper am
i a stalker I'm laying in my bed waiting
to watch some girls go live on the
Internet oh that's my wife
4 minutes and 37 seconds the mom's view
is back baby oh yeah how many of you
watch the live show I'm a little nervous
for Collette because she was nervous
guys like my hair princess car just said
dad your hair's still a mess when you
woke up and I said it looks beautiful
don't judge me then I read all your
comments yesterday of you guys telling
me to cut my hair but I don't want to
there's 1,400 people in the live show
right now I'm gonna go tweet it I'm
gonna tweet it you guys um go check it
out while your Eddie did it's too late
I'm gonna go tweet it and see if I can
get it up to 2,000 K come on shake our
let's go
Oh check it out they're not live yet but
they're sitting at the table oh that's
awesome
do I just tweeted it it's up fifteen
hundred let's see how many people we get
in this room I bet you they're nervous
what are you talking about I don't want
to know what they're talking about right
now
should I call Collette cheap Robin have
her phone I bet you they stole their
phones from him dummy we're getting our
sound already
make up study yes sure I was lucky
because she's a host she has a mic in
her ear so she gets to hear what's going
on in that room back there and they get
to tell her what to say the fabulous
candy picture hung over your kids I'm
like cool cuz he's gonna stay with you
that's right my baby not because my
wedding day wasn't special Smith but
because when they placed her in my arms
and my husband was there with me it was
this different connection that we all
had was it just like such a great moment
for all of us to experience together oh
that's a good answer
watching the moms view I've been in here
in the chat the chats going by so you
can like hang out live and chat sorry
candy crush but yeah I've been chatting
here and answering guys's questions and
stuff it's fun this is cool they're
gonna do this every Thursday I think
they said every Thursday at 3:00 Pacific
Standard Time we just finished it was
really exciting I'm super excited to
hear what you guys think I wrote were
your thoughts did you like it I also
want to tell you guys that we are going
to be like rotating different monsters
so I know you didn't see the original
moms here like all of them but they will
all be coming back like I'm not gonna be
here for a few weeks but other moms will
and and so it'll it will all you look at
to see everybody but it's exciting
because there's so many new new faces
and new personalities and just tell me
in the comments what did you guys think
what did you love about it what did you
hate what are your suggestions what were
your debt
let me know I want to see okay so the
very first live moms you show is up and
they did great another did great now I'm
gonna go for a bike ride
because me and Logan are going to do a
50-miler in Logan Utah
Logan's can ride 50 miles in Logan on
Saturday I'm gonna go for a practice
ride
I gotta get used to my bike you guys
still working in here how many times you
have to stop 900 purchase are up how do
you do it you've been working hard okay
I want to see my biking shorts you don't
want to see my shorts mom you guys
anybody want to see my do my shorts so
the question is whether short shorts or
just wear these are the bike race cuz
bikers just wear these shorts pockets no
carry much sing this song
our pros unprofessional that I have
these shorts on Julie I'm professional
biker go ahead pants me then you'll see
a good professional biker this lives
g-sync a buy a motorbike ride where no
insurance like I always feel like I look
super funny whenever I'm driving shades
truck around my legs I'm like this short
tiny thing and I'm driving his giant
truck I try so hard to raise the seat up
as much as I can but sometimes I even
have to sit like on a jacket or
something and look over the steering
wheel like this and then I'm always like
this so I'm sure that people get scared
whenever they see me driving with drunk
but I'm not chase truck here and this is
fun and Kaling they are working crazy
tonight we're getting a root beer that's
how crazy Kayleigh and I get we like
string root beer you could play on the
trampoline who said you could play on
the trampoline okay watch this new game
let him jump over them oh look he loves
me he sat on my foot
that means he loves me you want to sit
on your foot you can Sun your foots on
target arm to cabin idea you guys all
get off the trampoline and Zeke will
chase me around all by myself and we'll
see if you can catch me okay let's try
you better run better run run run don't
buy it don't buy it be nice I'm king of
the tram no one dominates me nice escape
route Sun tard it just happens your trip
sort of just took us here and now we're
here and so we have to walk there you
see how your truck did that I mean
we got root beers and now we're walking
through the mall and it's just nice we
don't have any kids then even though we
love our kids and we miss them right now
I'm not let's chew them I love you guys
but I'm enjoying myself right now I mean
it's a little break but do you like to
sometimes like you're like missing
something when you go yes it's like this
weird feeling it's true like it's hard
to totally relax as I'm constantly like
wait oh oh I don't have any kids here I
don't need to right here
good boy there now you have some
competition I'm king of this trampoline
lease Coby can jump on the tramp you
wuss we have to help Zika because he's
too much of a baby who's next
who dares dominate me meanwhile rocks
drinking out of the swimming pool with a
straw
did the dogs drink out of that and hair
catch that ball well we've officially
worn out our welcome
so really what are these shoes and I
keep thinking about them every time I
come to the mall on they're just
comfortable shoes and I was like I'm
just gonna do it I'm just gonna get them
and Kaleigh helped me you've been
thinking about them for so long then
that means that you should really get
them I justified it because I've thought
about them literally every time I come
to the mall I think about the issues so
I just did it I'll have to show you
later high shoes so we miss mommy she
did a good job today out of the box of
you we love you Cole at we'll see you
tomorrow
but last night print herb a butcher
named forgotten you're the younger the
blond one I can't keep him track the
blonde one lost a tooth last night and
the Tooth Fairy came ah you got a dollar
a hard dollar how nice is that the Tooth
Fairy folded up your dollars to make
hearts let me see him well that note out
let's see that note says so the Tooth
Fairy last night delivered quite the
surprise when she delivered three heart
dollars because she loves baby tart what
does the letter say you got a letter
from the Tooth Fairy what does it say
you can't read it don't me read it to
you
congratulations on losing your first
tooth you're getting to be a big girl
now and your big girl teeth are gonna be
coming in please try your best to not
suck your thumb don't ruin your big girl
teeth I love you the Tooth Fairy isn't
that nice
so what do you do with that money you're
not gonna unfold it you should leave
them like that okay that was very cool
all right time for bed you like that one
what do you need get down and give me
ten push-ups right now
go come online that was only two no
dolphin kicks let me doing weirdo go you
got eight more go three four go
five five mortal what's out of me
go you get in ten push-ups six seven
three more eight all the way down get
your butt flat aids go nine points get
up come on get up one more do it go butt
flat all the way down nice what did you
want again
get outta give me ten push-ups right I
don't know where the bigger down
slippers are I don't know where anything
is if your mom's not here there they are
I thought they're right in that drawer
dude just go ahead and grab them they're
in the drawer and I only have to put
three kids in bed tonight because little
mr. three-year-old he's the weirdest
little kid he puts himself to bed not
even joking not exaggerating I come in
here he's laying in here cuddling with
his elbow in bed asleep he's a good boy
the other night he yelled at Colette
when she turned on the light he's like
I'm sleepy little boy likes to sleep all
right good night don't say a word
daddy's gonna watch you while your
mommy's getting drunk on root beer
buying all kinds of crap at the mall in
Los Angeles oh hey babe you're here
we're back together okay so we are right
now headed to Logan Utah we have a
100-mile knowing
tap that when I say 100 B and Logan are
doing a 50 mile bike race tomorrow it's
called the Gran Fondo
in Logan Utah we're headed there right
now we love you guys check out
yesterday's vlog click on the feelin
lucky button and see what radars doing
one two three and four years ago if you
want to go see the live show it's still
up on the moms view I'll put a link to
that below check out rodeo arcade hey
for those of you who got a pink iPhone
case tweet those to me I love seeing
those anytime you guys get like a
shaycarl hat or shirt or
you need that tweet them to me I'll
retweet them I love seeing those it's
cool I just like oh look you got a thing
that I told you to get and you did it I
think you I love you
ok see you guys tomorrow
