we're here famous DC all the cool peeps
Logan McKay de Hong Jang Aaron Lafitte
Ali Charles and tribe Tyler Derek Ray
Miller they're all okay dr. Seuss gonna
bog hey guys hey guy hold it out well
okay guys today we've got a bunch of
bananas out we're going to do dried
bananas again for a while I actually
didn't plan on doing them today but they
ripen so fast that we got to get it done
or they're gonna go bad I don't need
some stuff that we can draw okay what's
up what are you eating
oh those green beans
yeah sugar snap green beans peas and and
my sister is coming today Callie's gonna
come we're going to work on some music
together it's been a while since I've
sung anything but sung with her or with
any of my sisters so I'm excited we have
a few things in mind I don't know if
we're going to decide to show you yet or
not but we're gonna make it doing with
some covers she has been doing covers on
her channel and they're awesome
so she texted me she's like let's do
some covers on McGhee that means I miss
singing okay what should we drive rock
this sugar snap peas I don't want to dry
peas I like eating them like that we're
gonna dry some bananas those are my
favorite favorites and apples apples
with like a little cinnamon on them mmm
delicious
you got what they like would that legal
without your battery battery belly your
belly battery is that why you have so
much energy all the time
yeah everybody needs a jolly battery
sassy bendy bendy yeah arch I was car
shot Derek
so I hope
yeah I'm vlogging here you anyways I
look I'm here with Charles Trippy hey
log in here love I love your your euro
secrecy I have stickers heart stickers
this was Colette's old captain you put
those on there no Glenn I'm Smith what
Danny is right here strategy missus yeah
opposite us what I need I drop mine all
the time guys were here with Charles
Trippy at playlist live hits a good time
we're gonna have a blast we're gonna
have some fun right have fun
she's ignoring you wait alright my
sister just got here and of course
Daxton has to breakdance for her to show
off are you break dancing for Cali well
I think she has to pee she took a long
trip so maybe pause on the routine for a
minute I gotta show her the show huh
high five every time I do this in the
vlog and I look at my hand later I'm
like woah look at my hands like veiny
and wrinkly did you know what it's my
hand I love it yeah you did you all
right we're locking off the shot here
comes the crew it's all of them all the
cool peeps Logan McKay de Hong Jang
Aaron Lafitte Ali Charles and tribe
Tyler Derrick ray mellow they're all
yeah here's your food right now alright
it's blogging time what the H word let's
Mon unzoom folk it's got on my face
camera
I'm going to punch this thing what's up
for vlogging dawg we're here playing
this DC with the crew I want to go
through the Ovilus tonight what is a
member of the big the Washington
Monument that giant thing is dicks up in
the air spooky haunted house and think
of the memories think of the history the
people's lives the fights the lovemaking
all of the things that happened in this
old building what people make love in
buildings and buy cook bacon people do
lots of stuff in buildings I don't know
anyway it's one DC here's the flip side
see you guys life is still happening on
this historic building life will always
prevail if you give it a chance
Wow I love this city a lot of cool
history architecture blah blah blah blah
blah blah Alexander Hamilton waiting in
the wings for you buh buh buh buh buh
buh
Logan and Charles and Ally are chatting
on the streets with their buddies about
popular culture technology and YouTube
be stuff that Millennials talk about
yeah yeah Thursday Hawn and Derek yeah
what I'm making a movie over here I'm
just making a movie for you guys to
watch on the tubes don't swear
got some handsome friends look at these
people they are handsome good-looking
people all of them except for this guy
mr. buff face back there
hey mr. tough guy can all tough and buff
over there mr. Derrick ray Oh yep yard
huh beards coming in nicely
real nice it's good to hang out with
people that you can just put a camera on
and just monologue I don't care okay I
have the hot I can oh yeah oh gosh I
could Bowl that makes me miss James miss
my James he
piggy pig-pig TV I know it's James
you're a handsome devil chupa like so
ma'am I won't be pretty
that's a Bama hey pretty
Amy white woman next name Emma okay yeah
cross the front alright next well come
up next
alright next let's get that get her not
do it just do it dude apparently she has
cash so fun
hi - but go ahead and do it here just go
and get it oh boy next one go boy okay
good kid alright it is bedtime at the
Shaytards what are you doing I don't
want to see that shirt 21 pylons I love
that shirt I actually ordered that shirt
for me but it's tiny so it's not my neck
what you hungry hungry I'm promised the
boys every demonstrate so you're gonna
have to wait I'll feed you in a second
stay there are you guys ready to read
we're reading some stories these boys
love doing stories before bedtime Zeke
came back he's like I'm hungry know what
can you boys wait why now yeah hurry
like this okay this one's fast
this one's really fast okay lie down lie
down and listen to the story okay lie
down the story echo all right our I see
trees they look at clocks they look at
bees they look at socks
what's your I see our I see flies our I
see ants Oh sometimes they see pink
Underpants oh yeah do they paint
Underpants weird and underwear yeah
underwear Underpants it's all the same
Ric rings Ric strings this see so many
many things you see hi so pie yeah it's
eat it know so many things like rain and
tight and it's tradition you gotta eat
all the edible fails in the bottom line
is our edible wanna take the wings
the animals are cool big Rhett I would
take the blue way to me I'm gonna take
some
that's where he's gonna do everything
darling yeah I'm gonna I'm I'm gonna
take a little bit also on a train I'm
also going to take the pie so if I'm
hungry
okay so anything to eat on this page and
dogs and airplanes in the sky and so we
say for Ray Ray for eyes I play I can
hold it you want to hold it you want to
vlog for a second okay - please gonna
vlog okay you have to hold it so that
you can so that they see you look what
hold it this way so you can see yourself
here and you hold it like that I hide I
hold it out I see your high view meal
how you meet you hold it out with your
hands like this
basil see hey guys turn to the left
you can't turn around I'm not cooking
that's been hey guys how'd you do nice
watch the book hold it out like this
with your arm and that way they can see
you yeah okay hey I'm bored in here yep
and Jim Morgan my destiny my mum's on it
hey listen hey hey hey I'm vlogging like
a jihad and once again you know don't
buy heads we're working on it
no bye head alright good night boys love
you MA she can oh no no all right let's
go feed you all right Zeek gotta get
that egg in there
takes his coat nice and shiny yeah
you're hungry we why did you eat because
you're a boy wait a little late to do
and you're gonna have to go potty
tonight oh come on over here ah got me
got me got me on me there you go
the key let's see ok table 3 so all the
kids are supposed to pack their own bags
to go camping and guess who's number one
of course if he always has everything
ready like 10 days before it's supposed
to be ready she's an overachiever I love
it and Kelly do the Kelly dance
yeah we we got compared recently for
let's doing this hahahaha I did a thing
on Instagram I did this and someone sent
me a clip of you doing something ha ha
ha that's funny I have to see it no I'm
gonna set the camera ok Oh tweeted is on
her wrist
so what was it good no water no squirrel
back you come back square elbows fixed
and then he just can't we're going to
get up and do it with the wrapkin in his
own hips hips
that's in the hip weird I would do what
everybody did
oh look at one of Brock's creations
today that's gonna be and MoMA
he's got what is that if I a goat that's
dreaming oh yeah that's what I came and
then there's tile clouds in the sky some
really heavy rain drops what you see
meaning in them
I see meaning in everything and
abstracted master because he had any
paper and he's like draw something about
this big made like he already had it in
mind what he wanted he's an artiste
Vidya thank you for always being
prepared you're a good helper high fives
but you are good even if you weren't
prepared I love you like a hum you're
silly
ok we're are some cats we need some cats
kit
in our lives kitten they have made a
little home for themselves at the very
top of the stairs and they love it in a
shoe you like the shoe
you guys are no bigger than the shoe
yeah you were no bigger than you should
see see a little baby like you're
kissing rice this one Oh family there
Oh bring it ah ah spot cute hi black
ears hi
Hey this one has blue eyes yeah ready
okay however just like lay like around
each other and on each other like
they're just like Oh cuddle it's a
cuddle puddle cuddle puddle it's a
kitten cuddle puddle this is the way I
wish I could live my life I love it you
okay now we're hanging on Gavin's room
so Gavin's working on math right now it
looks like math looks like stuff I don't
remember do you guys remember well yeah
I like subtraction that's but what's
what is that okay so teach me something
no no that's hopeless mom's yeah anyways
what is that what is that chart cuz I
don't know is that what your can ask me
yeah so here's kind of a little problem
what if I don't know
whoa and what if I go and I still can't
figure it out we need a math tutor guys
because I have a failure dad will
probably say the same thing we don't
know numbers are far hey yeah so
football how's it going are you
exhausted yet
yeah thanks awesome yeah I came aside
which getting strong learning a lot
mm-hmm
guys defensive tackle good well cool
nice and figured it out and I even hello
yes I'm good mom its marked yes tomorrow
yeah I like when I can help hi hi
well we just thought we'd come say hi so
this you have kittens in your room to
home you all right lumber party night
night guys
we'll see you tomorrow sucks
no it doesn't reading is fun okay love
you guys bye okay
