I think we're gonna do the video diary
are you ready I get for you
you
fucking like your name shake
the Shaytards
hi I'm login here well we're here at the
park today and I know I love what they
do with the parks they have like a I
worry what do they call it
oh boy little lunch buses what they do
is the school lunch program comes during
the summer like from like for an hour to
a certain number of parks and they give
free lunch to all the kids that are 18
and younger so it's awesome so the kids
are eating free lunch and there's no
kids around here coming because they
already went over there to play but let
me show you what they got for lunch
this is rock tarts pizza and then they
got tomatoes and some chips and orange
juice and this is our lunch cuz Carly's
amazing your motive is you're not 18 and
under right so we don't get pizza we do
i oh we have to bring our own lunch we
got chicken and rice and then that's
awesome salad that I have been eating
all by myself
so that's what we're doing this
afternoon and rawhide is wearing his
pizza all over he would rather wear his
lunch than eat it
show us your kickin kick your leg yeah
and he's sweating like a pig it's so hot
out here I'm sweating from every every
part of my body that's gross
Carla and this is what I have going on
hair and a braid trying to contain the
main because it's so hot it's really hot
ha ha that's a funny thing about Idaho
is it can be so super cold and then all
of a sudden it's 100 degrees it's like
you've got two seasons you've got winter
and summer and there's not much in
between so cold and it's so hot I know
it's like one extreme to the other make
up your mind Idaho you're bipolar it's
true although autumn is very nice food
is low face hi I mean do you think a
pizza on your shirt before you up we are
renting bikes because we're gonna go a
250-mile light race on Saturday so we
came down here to read some bikes to
cruise right Logan that's right Lona got
the red one I got the blue one blue is
cool and fast red is lame my god alright
you can be cool to figuring out the seat
height okay you got long legs bro I look
at that road bike tires are gonna pop
they're so thin it's like cut it out are
they not pop they're solid I'm pretty
sure they're solids my brother's signed
me up for a 50-mile bike ride let me
just clarify I've never one day in my
life rode rode bike I don't think I've
ever rode a bike over a mile so that
dude I never rich
50 miles the longest time was like 45
but these bikes were supposed to be way
better how do you shift the brake gotta
learn that I was gonna say I'm gonna go
home and YouTube how to ride a road bike
like a 10 miler and learn I think you
know they're right here on the side you
like hit these sign yes plus we got the
shorts the chod protection they're like
nice big pads in there you need that
that's very important that's weird
that's where my Cho it's gonna be it
okay I tried those on in a very sweaty
condition yeah
and helmets got helmets and bikes and
chores flowers I hope so I need to see
sad faces why are we sad mommy is
leaving us yeah are you guys sad what if
mom did leave us never came back what
would we do
oh sorry that's not nice Natalie said it
would be fun to but we were putting one
those little stroller things and that
same got you what well you need a lot
more backstory people like what who's
Natalie what's a stroller thing okay
what happened to Natalie's foot it's
like a scooter you put your foot on that
yeah you have to put your knee up right
so my friend comes in my office then she
said because there's two kids at our
school d'orange what you know I think
I'd be kind of fun to do that that I
said Natalie don't say that that night
that very night she was walking to get
her mail trip fell down she was on the
scooter in three days your wish is my
command
just believe in that if you say
something like that which I can knock on
wood thing okay I have to shut up now
cuz print star what's the talk what okay
let's go say goodbye to mom run upstairs
give her kisses Oh see okay
that was my bad there we go go I tripped
it go give your mom a hug
faster faster run I'm gonna bite your
butt like a boxer wake up retard mommy
we're gonna miss you guys Hawker oh girl
don't hurt her baby don't hurt a baby
baby tard said because mommy is leaving
yeah she wants to be here you're the
first time so baby tar has a dream let
me get back
ya know she did she signed the contract
you signed the want to be here don't you
want to be here when you got it now that
tutorial come tonight I told you I'd rip
that tooth out of your mouth yeah okay
go see go look good your very first
tooth what do you think so just fit oh
right rinse your mouth oh cool okay so
what you got to put that underneath your
pillow tonight and you get some money
pretty spit gruesome
I literally just held my kid dad rip the
tooth out of her face it was so loose it
was like barely hanging on it was like
flipping around and like oh I gotta get
that tooth out of there
see honey don't you feel good that's
jagged I you have to see here baby
laser very first two let's see baby tard
loses her first tooth as dad rips it out
of her head what do you think are you
like weird then you just put that in the
hole and it'll stop bleeding in a little
bit yeah it's the money tonight
you're gonna get five dollars that's a
momentous thing because when we very
very very very first started doing
YouTube videos baby tarde was just a
little baby and we have made a video
every day to the day where she lost her
first tooth and I just swallowed it
here you have to be responsible for that
now okay in a baggie so don't lose it or
you won't get don't drop it in the sand
go find the baggie to put it in you can
put underneath your pillow to that hurt
how bad really ugh really bad yeah it
seem like you're pretty like a ton of
pain cuz it's really bloody it's really
bloody if I I love you guys late guy I'm
taking mom to the airport and then
leggings listen we're gonna go to the
movie tonight we're gonna go see
Despicable Me okay I'm taking my
beautiful bride to the airport because
she's gonna go to California and be a
famous youtuber and I feel like the moms
view could like blow up and be like this
new entertainment kind of like this new
popular mom show and it's like all
sudden Colette is like this super famous
mom around the world I guess you kind of
already are you're so amazing you're the
mom of YouTube I would say honestly
think about that
any moms on YouTube Clint is the mom of
YouTube can I just give you that title
right now don't if you want to talk
about moms on YouTube
here's I got the queen of the moms on
YouTube you're gonna cry see that's what
the real mom of you two would do should
we cry at that statement you're a
pregnant mom of YouTube you have the
entire Internet in your belly oh my gosh
it's a www the webbernet are coming out
of your loins
I would totally support you if you
became like the super famous mom of the
Internet and it's like I was a nobody I
would support you like that is that
funny I like my role being like right
next to I don't want to be like okay oh
I'm gonna resolution
yeah one day it'll be like oh yeah
aren't you aren't you Colette's husband
what's your name
fat slob beard face hey what if I cut my
hair and shave my beard by the time you
get back I don't know what it is I saw a
comment today this said Shay why do you
think your beard so cool you look so
much better with a shave no I'm a dude I
think dudes with beards are cool I like
coming over here I want your beard
honestly but I think you should cut your
hair like I like a beard and just please
cut here new I don't know what it is
maybe it's like some like nature thing
you know how like animals like they want
to look bigger so like I have this big
carrot hello man they have a small man
come on know that we have a small man's
complex I am paid a small I'm just a
little guy that's probably one of the
biggest things people say when they meet
me they like chewy you're a lot smaller
than I thought I know I seem so large
and domineering in the YouTuber knows I
have a big personality
I'm Jason your supers oh you are you're
like barely five foot tall I am very
short we packed a lot of potential punch
know what that means
look this is the plane that collects
flying out on ya that's it I'm so
excited you're flying a jet to
California that baby cow should I let -
all right I love you give me kiss back
to us don't leave me with these freaking
say and then I come back the next word
is it tomorrow you're going live so
right now actually I watch this video
you guys go right now to the mom's view
youtube.com slash the mom's view they're
doing a live show right now as we're
talking go watch it will be live and
then of course it will be up on YouTube
later say something you regret I could
it's live live for sure live lies no
delay we taking like Twitter questions
and it
like that's that it'll be real time I'll
say stupid
I might do a couple of these like just
be you know you're pregnant feisty
YouTube mom himself either
alright go check it out alright I'm
gonna make out with her for a few
minutes before she gets on this airplane
see you guys later
can you show you snowman's class bye I
love you
farewell my love Carly Maria Velazquez
how are you doing what happens when you
have kids smack those stupid bratty kids
mom that's one thing I learned from you
is to smack those stupid bratty kids
we're going to see the movies mom hey
I'm old school you smack your kids
that's the secret guys just smack them
then they listen to you right Rock guard
fry daddy raw daddy just give me a gross
smacking and I'll listen rock good
wallah
I'm so embarrassed we have to go to the
movie with a bucket head dad remember
that one time you beat me with a hanger
cuz me and KC threw dirt clods at our
neighbor's house that's why is such a
good kid this she's a popcorn dad I will
give you $100 if you wear that into the
movie theater $100 dad you want $100
bill no I'll give you $200 come on mom
you do it $100 put on your hat and your
bike your ticket like that
weird shake on it with this pig oh oh
those like okay listen I'm gonna get
caramel and regular popcorn I bought
little baggies so I put some money off
that good plan mom okay
ready break whoa I don't know that I've
ever written on a plane with propellers
the exciting
someone liked the movie someone
definitely liked the movie
getting is good dude they're going crazy
they're like those little purple guys
like seriously who drugged the children
Carly how many ounces of sugar did you
give them its are you doing oh my
goodness they are going Sambi children
well I just landed in LA
a little bit lonely without my whole
family here and I'm decided I'm going to
meet Kaylee we're going to hang out
together and we're gonna go to the mom
I know you're watching this right now
it's probably happening right now he's
so much
and if you missed the live show you'll
be able to see it on YouTube Apple ID
nervous and excited and all the things
they beat are lost the tooth that you
think she's the dancing queen oh that's
no twerking please no twerking allowed
okay taught her that my goodness so we
just saw Despicable Me and the kids
loved it
not as much as Mike Wazowski hey who's
that who's that
are you looking at so Mike Wazowski he
loves these guys oh who's that who is
that who is it crazy kids
all right baby tarts turn she's headless
she's a headless monster hey look at the
moon do you see the moon you guys it is
so cool hold on right there it's like
just the sliver oh it's not as good on
the camera dude sliver moon all right
bye
all right sounds good calar Lyma larlie
bye
one more child for my child later hahaha
sit out we're gonna go home and
everybody's gonna do some work dude
you're crazy he's crazy he's crazy what
you're a ninja that's awesome look at
little Rob guards being a ninja - all
right you Jersey belts on let's go do
you think this is a joke there are
digging ditches right now I don't care
if it's midnight they're gonna get those
I want those six feet deep and 6 feet
wide just kidding it's a joke
or am I child labor is my favorite labor
oh all right psychotic show you get out
of here check out yesterday's vlog see
what the feelin lucky button has in
store for your faces and just you know
see what the Shaytards are doing 1 2 3
or 4 years ago I read a comment
yesterday somebody that said Shay I
usually never click on those videos but
now I think I will please do please have
some Sperry special videos and store
feeds will click on them they're
clickable
and if you are on a mobile device you
can't click on them they're in the video
description I have all the links in the
video description so even though you
can't click on it you can still see
those links in the video description see
your says show more click it goes down
goes down then you click on those go
check out the moms you right now they're
live moms you youtube.com slash the moms
view love you I'll put that link below
as well and we'll see you tomorrow
