I think we're gonna do the video diary
are you ready
 like your name shaker
good morning it's a beautiful day I hate
can I ran with you guys for a second I
hate the capital H I know you're not
supposed to hate things that I hate with
an anger of fury slow internet Oh
how many minutes of my life of ice has
been watching that little wheel like
uploading uploading did I dream of the
day I believe in a day where there was
just fast high-speed internet everywhere
it just floats in the air you don't have
to have a connection you don't have to
have a router it's just like gobs of
fast delicious internet are just
floating everywhere you go in the
mountains in space in the ocean in
cavernous valleys wherever you go just
sick fast high-speed Internet is just
everywhere you can just upload things
like rocket fuel I believe in that day
and I will wait for that day to come I'm
just frustrated because we're trying to
upload that wakeboarding video that we
uploaded yesterday and it failed like
four times it's a four hundred megabyte
file it takes 45 minutes for a four
hundred megabyte files like a
five-minute video or three-minute video
and it fails four times and I'm just
like sitting there watching it and it's
like an 88% it's about to go up I'm like
oh like six minutes left and then it
fails and I'm like oh please join in
that hope for me for big thick fast
juicy Internet to be upon us one day
just floating everywhere in the air I
can't wait for that glorious day
anyways headed to the gym to workout
it's time to exercise oh there's my
workout partner you ready workout
partner
we're gonna go exercise you guys want to
know where the very fastest internet
I've ever experienced in my life is
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas Nevada
there's a little place in there every
time we come to I do we stop at Planet
Hollywood and there's a little
restaurant
planet dailies I always go in there it
cost me $14.99 to get the internet it's
so fast I uploaded a one point two gigs
megabyte file that was looking 29
minutes eight times log in seven minutes
give me go shut up how to Hollywood give
us free hotel rooms
aha hi oh yes oh yes it's just more
taste of things to come for us
babies wanting the camera hey you're
trying to edit and upload and Shay's ran
to the bathroom at least three times
it's funny cuz he literally runs to the
bathroom and then runs back to finish
great job honey
so wait what are you doing you're know
you're editing what video reading
stressful don't ask all the time okay
check out our videos that's all I ask
thumbs I'm off comment stuff the doctors
watching this is why the girls said
Idaho they said we need to go to Idaho
baby baby soon but she's not will have a
baby but we won't get you sorry
get up Zeke get those doggies in your
dreams
there me and dog you get them yeah you
grab your officious your monster you're
the king of the pill are you having fun
young lad scram if you're having a good
time
show me your excitement push me sorry
bro we're just wanted a vlog for a
second wow there's so many children to
push and not enough time that was an
octa man and had eight arms like to push
all of you shut your mouth or I'll
karate chop your throat okay are you
ready put your tooth out I'm gonna get
it let's pull that tooth out let's pull
it out are you ready
here you do it let me see you do it okay
pull it out pull it out this is baby
tarts first tooth case come to you
believe it pull it out are you ready
I'm telling you dude if I have to hold
you down rip it out
it's gonna hurt worse unless you do it
yourself dude I'm trying to coax your
sister too okay hold on just pull it
push it go just push on it really hard
get a push on a hard sonic on three one
two three and push it hard
let me do it okay I can get it right out
a sprint to start I've pulled like six
of her teeth out wait were you going
I got a vlog at bro oh you guys are
married you're married ha ha there we go
plan that front flip dude I had a kid
proud of you
come show us your haircut we didn't vlog
that grandma just snuck him off to Great
Clips and cut his hair turn around
rotate yeah dude
looking handsome my friend looking
handsome if you guys don't recognize
where we're at we're at Colette's
parents house grandpa here you know here
I just heard yesterday grandpa Vince
just said hey you're pregnant yeah she's
getting fatter and fatter but we still
love her she's a zebra she has a zebra
in there a baby zebra all right son you
ready son tired will score on you bro
ready Oh
boom Shakalaka shaycarl up 2-0 alright
let's see what you guys got come on son
tard
try again you're not getting any kisses
whatsoever unless you win okay babe I'm
ready play it in the grass the colors
are just fantastic out here though right
guy
they call you more than that dad says oh
we might be make it out oh come on hey
what do you want to make out oh hi baby
tard who's this
are you having a tea party she's so
lovely let's just see let's see
you got her yesterday huh at the DEA I
for five funny that's what happens with
glass dolls they break no be careful
well it happens I mean I crack your face
all the time with my fists
yeah just cut that out Jay I just told
you to get it out trust me I do it all
the time
mingle your face it counts you want to
make out with me you I get your head in
the game
what dananana don't do thundered the
trick I want to see a score I can't turn
the camera off until you score dude look
that was cool he's gonna win because he
makes the other team giggle son time
you're gonna let him win I asked to rank
it out I was the old top T duty it's
less than I learned in Brazil from Pele
back in 78 Yeah right
you guys ian grumman apples great I
don't know but I probably know darn it
well those nice knowing ya hey suck
Knicks I sure love you that's the fun
thing about Idaho is we got two apple
trees here from this little apple tree
that's trying to grow over here
that's a Honey Crisp apple dream yeah
the best apple I've ever had was a Honey
Crisp Apple fresh from a tree so I don't
have anything and the five week
challenge get that out of here head
looks like a crazy honey tasted really
good guys just so you know I on the
other hand check out these hats okay do
my slate you guys logan's editing
another shayloss vlog right now hey I
just want to say I really do appreciate
you guys watching our videos I feel like
at the end of these end slates I'm
always like check this out and check
this out and sometimes I wonder how many
of you like go check those things out
that I asked you to check out I get sick
of saying check out what I mean is go
view some more of the content that I've
created we've been making a lot of stuff
lately uh there's been shayloss vlogs
every day for the last couple days
Cobain Toby's shaking his collar cuz he
went on a hike with Logan today and we
did a wakeboard wakeskate surfing edit
some of you pricing that anyways
thanks for watching our vlogs check out
yesterday's vlog we teach Prince's
toward the value of money
see what the Shaytards are doing one two
three and four years ago if you click on
there in the middle and if you're
feeling lucky
let's read a link today new shayloss
video we check out the new shayloss
video oh we are watching your video
responses for those of you who are
giving us video responses we can't wait
to put that video together some of you
know what I'm talking about Colette come
in here and do it a little dance say
something alright love you guys for some
fun stuff and guess what's tomorrow what
I mean there's oka let's go back to LA
you guys will be on the live first
episode so make sure you go on to it
okay I love you guys see you bless you
son tard bye guys see you tomorrow
