hi I'm log in here good morning
everybody it's another beautiful day and
ah dude Oh what I don't know what's
wrong with me anyways
so today princess chard was telling me
that she wanted to make some money
because grandma gave her a new wallet
and so she's like hey is there anything
I can do to make a dollar mom I just
want a dollar grandma's heart was so
sweet this morning she woke up and fed
the kids breakfast and I got to sleep in
but she had to go to work today so she
had to leave before she could make her
bed so instead she was taking care of my
children while I slept it she didn't get
a chance to make her own bed so I told
princess hard to go make grandma's bed
let's go see if she did it princess hard
are you making dramas bed it looks
fabulous
why did you put the pillows over there
does she sleep on that side even though
she gets to sleep in this bed all alone
sometimes cuz grandpa falls asleep in
random places the other day I woke up so
let's seek out and grandpa was asleep in
the chair downstairs just randomly fell
asleep and I think that that just
happened sometimes I do that all the
time I love you thanks for making her
bed that looks great do you know there's
one other job that you need to do $40 no
to finish the dollar because this was 50
Cent's just like me it's hard earning
money you know do a lot of work okay
there's two water pots in front of the
house and we need to water those or two
water pots you two go water the water
pots okay there's two big flower pots
and grandma needs those to be watered
can you do that
in the front of the house I'll show you
and then you'll get your dollar for your
wallet ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls of all ages we are on the
adventure of a lifetime today it's time
to go boating in Idaho that's right we
are gonna ignore the water a lot of
others just part about like surfing dude
boating has included all sorts of games
and fun activities surfing wakeboarding
surfing thanks a surfing waterskiing I
have a slalom skied for a while and they
actually have a slalom water-ski course
here Logan you ready
I'm ready to get that I'm gonna get some
GoPro footage bro
guys gopro footage is coming just in
your faces this is awesome whoo okay
princess chard has done watering the
plants and made grandma's bed for her so
she gets this awesome George Washington
hey guys I'm George I'm gonna go hang
out with her to start now Hey here
here's your George you're welcome you'll
have to go get your new wallet and show
us your new wall okay go grab it oh okay
so I'm breathing hard because I finally
decided that I'm going to get on the
treadmill and I'm gonna work out it
doesn't matter if I'm pregnant or not
when I was first pregnant I was like I'm
gonna work out I'm gonna feel good about
myself because that's what I did with
baby tard when I was pregnant with her
and I felt so great in the labor went
I'm like awesome and everything I
falling off the wagon oh it's just so
hard no I
I've gone for like two months without
working out so I'm decided I'm just
going to take it easy I'm gonna walk on
the treadmill do some lunges maybe some
push-ups just as much as I can without
you know overdoing it and no birds at
sardis walking on the dreadmill oh
that's pretty yeah is that one of her
old ones yeah guys really pretty oh okay
and you got your ID and your cards so
cool oh we'll have some fun that watches
our videos Daisy yes card and they gave
it to me except their business card oh
no it's a it's a letter that's so sweet
for your sixth birthday huh that's sweet
who's the name on her who gave it to my
family the Roy family make it pink so
yeah the Roy family five thirteen eleven
so that's a long time and she's kept it
all this time so awesome I can never
throw those things away whenever we get
letters and stuff from VidCon and after
we read them I can never throw away so I
have them all just so you guys all know
I still have all of your sweet kind
words that you have given to us anyway
so we're working hard we're working out
and I was thinking about teaching your
kids about money
princess card wanted to make some money
today I think it's really interesting
now how to teaching kids about money
because money's changed a little bit
when I was younger you know I had to
work what a full day to make twenty
bucks like I made five dollars an hour
and my dad's work which was good at the
time so like to teach our kids got money
and like how do we do it in a way that
they learn how to earn it but they make
enough to like make it worth it I don't
know how do you guys teach your kids
about money I'd like to hear it and
price the art is just going to walk it
off walk it off honey keep going keep
going
look she is perfecting the Faire
oh my gosh stop you're going to die ha
ha ha ha
alright time for mom to work out here we
go I guess I should also splen I made 5
dollars an hour when I was about 14
because I worked at my dad's warehouse
so it was like an actual job that I went
to and I made like 5 dollars and then
that moved up to like 525 whoo so
awesome but it was awesome to be able to
have money when all of my other friends
were out playing and doing stuff and
asking their parents for money I had my
own money and so it was really good
experience for me to learn how to take
care of money I had my own checkbook I
think that's good to teach your kids
about money early I have to breathe I'm
sorry honey you can cut that out
now you're getting the poking down
yeah
right
yeah
gotcha operated his vessel though not
nautical captain this ship driving the
air not deke out here on the black foot
red board
out here on the lake joy in life all
right so the girls and I and rock hard
are getting ready to go thrift store
shopping with Grandma when she gets off
of work and so I was walking down the
hall to see if the girls were ready and
look what I found
this is on grandma's bedroom or keep out
but do not keep out if you are grandma
Lori thank you are you gonna show me
what's in there do I get to come in even
though I'm not grandma why yes hi Oh
Pepe's saying hi Oh girls are so cute
this is just so nice and that's all
right there and a flower and you made
her bed says made your bed grandma
because you are taking us to the DI oh
but so cute they're so excited to go out
with Grandma so this is so sweet I can't
wait for her to see it Oh keep that but
do not keep out if you are grabbed from
a major grandma cause you are taking
those sweet oh oh that is so nice hi I
know it was like cool huh okay go get
your clothes on now yeah naked boys all
right so we're trying to figure out this
surfing thing behind the wake and
Logan's about to show us how it's done
you ready to hang ten bro hang in ten
dogs
back off that job
cards you havin a good time
there now the way
Gallo fair
always let go though ready to watch the
camera i watch the camera that suck
water out oh look let's go down there
Oh
Logan
sighs
no board we're too bored go bro
snowboard snowboard okay so out here
with Scott Scott is actually my real
estate agent you guys remember that
house the very first house that we ever
started the Shaytards flops in Motoman
we're at all yeah Motoman who remembers
that the very first video I ever made
dancing and Colette's unitard he sold me
that house how was this man right here
right my real estate agent so lights up
top all right this is his son Carson
he's about to show us how it's all done
right here on the surfboard you ready
dog we got the Lincoln Park rocking in
your ear lobes of Caesars
Oh tip down it's taught a lot harder
than it looks like you get out there
it's like it's like really squirrely and
your tip gets down at all just thanks
you eat it okay we're at the DI and I
told Riccardi to pick one toy and look
how many he has
oh this top-down moe
okay is that the one you want cuz you
got to put some back because you only
get one okay just one which one do you
want which one do you want yeah Elmo
miss you master of course this is not
working
oh nice on something else I don't have
another arm to pick it up I guess it's
not mine what he's got a new hat you're
a firefighter you are so funny
who's on your shirt whoo say it loud
fixa graphics he's a firefighter truck
carrying che beer man Lucille yet all
right
Wow
yeah
shame
Wow
I'm fun low-key bear I are just driving
a nautical vessel we're about to pull
the tube out that's when the party
begins
so I'm ready to rock that - you are so
I'm going to get on the tube rock and
roll
right here you got to play king of the
tube you got to try not to kill it rocks
hit the rocks yeah that's not good all
right
I am tired am i holding on to rope
mussels are exhausted you guys have a
good time son tard you rocked it
Carson shredded it catfish was on the
boat the whole time and you guys didn't
matter know what to say I'm tired are
you guys ready to see this I think
they're going go get it down slow down a
little bit just a little bit soft kick
soft kicks
okay let's speed it up now let's do
let's get him going good I'm going
upside down you're at the 50 yeah you're
in the Olympics slow hold on honey we
got a serious filming second time right
now you're a watch Kobe he's training
for the Olympics let's go hold on him up
let's beat him up here we go there we go
yeah so happy right now okay we have to
see what the emergency is a baby chart
what's the emergency
oh my goodness did you get overflowing
water yeah dude you got to watch what
you're doing so you don't get
overflowing water it's very careful
we're gonna have to spill some we're
going to have to do it Oh okay drink it
all of it right now
don't wake up robbed or he put himself
to bed
did he really he did he's such a good I
went in there and I turned on the light
and he goes I see I'd get out of here
and I got him ready for that I put him
back in bed I said okay I'm okay I'm
went got it walk my back up and he's
asleep already I get your little blonde
headed girl sorry dude we've been too
loud trick Wyatt down my bad dude
I apologize Logan in here oh yeah word
to the mother GU guess she lost - a loss
log up dude have some shame loss is back
on you guys if you're part of the five
week challenge we missed a few days but
we are back and feeling motivated we're
better than ever I'm vlogging hush your
mouth I told you gonna really hurt KGC
and just like that you've enjoyed
yourself another Shaytards vlog look at
that smile there's a smile on your face
right now it's a subconscious smile you
don't even know that you were smiling
but feel it it's on your face right now
that means you should thumbs up this
vlog that's what I'll trade you a smile
for a thumbs up okay very important note
right now if you click on the fill in
lucky button you guys are gonna have a
very exciting experience because my
little brother Logan McKay is working on
a special GoPro edit right very very
special it will change your life and it
will change your ideas on life well it
might just be fun to watch just tell him
to go watch it though go watch the video
it's really cool you guys will like it
lots of colors lots of stuff and when we
were boating and it's fun Logan did it
and he's frustrated because the first
time he edited it it failed and knowing
has to re-edit it but this time it's
better than the first time so you'll
like it go on you guys if that video if
you click on the fill in lucky button
and you go see our wakeful
go pro edit if that video gets 20,000
thumbs up Logan McKay will shave his
hair what agree to this you guys I'll
make them do it all right check out
yesterday's vlog see what the Shaytards
are doing 1 year 2 year 3 year and four
years ago today we'll see you tomorrow
like always
