hi I'm logging here he doesn't like put
this is our lazy Sunday afternoon we
messed up our routine because normally
we do one take Sunday and then we still
have footage from Friday and Saturday
that we can upload on Monday but since
we did a one-take Saturday we uploaded
the footage from Friday during Saturday
to Sunday and now we don't have any
motor footage for Monday yeah you guys
get that right as well composing like
doing right now mom Tom so this is what
we're blogging what we got for you we've
had tornado warnings flood warnings our
pets heads are falling off only ate
spaghetti for dinner that reminds me
we're just said of the willawaw and is
like our tests that is normally on
Wednesdays oh yeah yeah yeah who do mom
no uncle cool what are you doing you
break it I think you can fix it fix it
it's it ya can fix it good job our dream
is book he's such a studious he's
yelling I told Jim that eazy-e's good
parents is a good case of tart
we don't read all the time do you
picture it good job tell how good a pen
sir why it's a bird everybody wants
attention but that's that was so genuine
and sincere I can't even believe in me
mom i i annoy her my Clemmy Clemmy huh
what's he saying screaming
I stated
oh now he's Maris hiding those guys Greg
she's kind of a character today as he is
usually every day my friend their nose
on your shirt dude Oh gross
do you look at Sutter's nose it's
falling off you know what totally is
falling off that is gross
don't look here to get it skin kids tell
them I told you to put sunblock on
didn't really pick up no shouldn't lead
you I just feel him down no don't let it
brothers good yeah your other yeah like
don't you dare pick his nose that quit
kicking around walk along not really Oh
seriously the worst at that shake its
Tempe so you want to pick a scab you
know you can't touch this gabber it will
get worse it's too goes it's too goes
for fuck these are my sons honey make me
another son I hardly nodded he's right
there another boy right there if you're
ready to have a little brother you're
gonna be a big brother rocker can you
give that easy a big brother it's weird
to think of him as a big brother because
he's a baby baby spin this baby even a
baby face
three backside oh that word oh good job
sorry Tim yeah
yes you look at what's in your sweater
your brother's wearing that wasn't her
did I cut yet then still rolling no wait
seriously seriously she going look who
you going out with oh no I think
Wednesday what's her name Wednesday that
was the other day that was such a
comment below if you want to date Logan
well that'll give us a lot of comments
yes yeah thumbs up this video if you
want to kiss my brother follow me on
twitter if you want to see my brother
with his shirt off
he's just using you Logan
how about you answer the questions where
the sheyla's video has been we we're at
okay i uploaded a video every day we're
at the cabin what's your Excuse did you
really yes
I missed a day and you that's your jobs
one last fucking oh you guys want know
where the shayla's videos are asking him
it's his Josh me alone okay if you find
what would I do promise you I will throw
you guys actually do want to see me and
Logan to work out on Carly's channel we
did an 18 minute workout go check out
Carly Stiles right rock-hard say yes
Daddy yes daddy
don't let that excuse don't let that
don't let my failure be an excuse for
you to not do your sh a wash cuz you
guys are still gonna work down you're
still working out yeah look this haven't
filmed yet much right here I was like
what this is what Scott wants you to
bring tomorrow to go waterskiing mom
every weekend is right cut sub later
because I really have to say
Boyd waterskiing that's the notes we're
gonna water-ski be sure you bring a
swimming suit oh you mean funny shop
listen I'm going to get wet in something
to get dry and maybe a have some wild
stories and ideas for more wild stories
I did for more water Scott Amaro okay so
check out tomorrow's vlog it's gonna be
awesome well listen give me kiss I think
it should just be you Logan and Gavin
that goes okay hey who's that
look who's this who's this rap chart
who's that who's that that's you kind of
looks like you are you claiming this
slide let's see here look yeah that's
your shirt well you're mistaken because
that's your daddy no that's me oh that's
me that's daddy when he was a little boy
can you believe that that's you dude
that's daddy when he was a little boy
when he was your age
you sure do you remember that what Park
was that at name the park and where did
you get that shirt you have a receipt
for that shirt don't lie to me that's
not your sure that's me I remember that
Park
look there's Casey with his long hair
that's daddy daddy and you look just
alike you must be my son guys don't
listen to him he's only three
doesn't he's talking about it to me rock
hard this is daddy when he was a little
boy that's daddy when he was a little
boy all right I guess that was you I
guess I was had no childhood
put your clothes thank you Jim Rockford
oh wait a minute who's hanging out over
here no other than Donny the dog he's
still here
mr. Donny the dark chillin like a
villain history is that history I see
you down there what time are you
shooting on my dartboard I shot a dart
but that was doing on that state on
their dying the dart you heard it right
here son tart said it Easter Bunny
history how can you start talking so
much he looks at you like he's talking
to you or me see it is look at this
beautiful beast out here how big he's
getting such a big puppy what are you
doing out here somebody needs to get out
here with the pooper-scooper and I ain't
doing it Oh son tard
did you poop on the outside what I told
you you could poop out there oh where
you wanna walk bad boy Uncle John
trampoline okay hey you remember that
time I'm like hey you guys wanna get a
Great Dane is every promise I'll help
out when he poops remember what you say
what you say said yes okay so growl grab
the shovel you and your new hurley hat
get out there and pick up some mouths
what dang it what's his name Zeke how
many times have you called Zeke Malakai
at least seventy I like that number if
occult it always happens grab a shovel
and a smile and a bucket and get to work
young man we want to do wanna take Zeke
for a walk yeah
all right the Rango let's go take him to
a park let him run if you just walk down
here kind of light up the others
Koby are you getting sick of Zeke yet
what are you doing mom mom I think he
likes you
I think he likes you look at him yeah
he's only six months old
look at that dude he's a monster Zeke is
afraid to jump on the trampoline to
Jhoanna trial okay
don't step loose good good
come on GU go away come here watch
coffee we're gonna be doing Wow Lakers
hey quit complaining I don't know he can
do that it was pretty impressive hey
guys don't step into so the second time
I don't know why I'm so paranoid about
that there was still a big chunk over
there no he turned right around right as
soon as you jump that big baby yeah big
baby get over here she wants me to jump
him until I break one of their bones
sounds like an awful idea
dark hair bouncing up nail learning how
to do back flips maybe if you were
laughing so much you could land on your
feet immediately start cackling oh that
was my impression yeah oh no whoa that
was amazing
yeah do more flips okay baby tag your
turn
watch out Raptors
one two three flaw we landed that scares
me
I'll admit it okay we just taught
princess card this trip
go back flip front flip that's cool then
centaur landed a complication mm-hmm I
want you to say we taught your rocker in
Utah jump flip top part one two three
four Bart you had you just thought your
legs buckled show happen again give us
an example of some parts legs
okay land this one right sir backflip
from Landon Oh scary land this one flip
top heart go okay go sweet is a left her
back she's gonna do the backflip done
flip Atlanta and not fly overhead of
ready one two three go okay now I'm
gonna give you next thing okay watch out
my turn okay here's the next thing you
have to do ready instead of the back
front gotta go that's pretty intense
there's my family out there
we're watching the sunset the roof well
don't get up close to the edge first art
is always pushing the edge first shot to
climb up there then she wants to hang
her feet off the edge
yeah no hanging feet
no hanging feet brace yourselves
ooh that's better let me see that baby
we're on the road I'm right let me see
the babe are you the babe it's right
here like you're like the dude you're
like the dude son are you scared
so we're watching the sunset everything
watching the Stars on the board is just
turning up trying to sneak down okay we
quit thinking like your father for five
seconds please
good idea bro let's see it I'm a
demonstration hey go let's it okay okay
go
don't fall don't listen to your mother
unless she was are sure to got down
there once come here stay close to Daddy
Rock chart is this fun hey hey this is
fun yeah be careful good job Prince star
you won't get on the high part where
I'll lift you up I love you bye shaky
bum and I can see your shaky bum June
Sun God girls rock art say bye shaky bum
mommy gets a shaky bum when we're up
high hey how does the roof look roof
inspectors you guys are roof inspectors
right yeah we have a good roof no leaks
don't fall off your mom'll make out with
me for three months I guess we'll see
you guys tomorrow with another beautiful
meadow skies bye son
see in a few hours and that rot there is
another shade towards vlog you just
watch I did a different edit today I
didn't edit very much I just let the
clips play out they were kind of longer
clips anyways but I usually do a lot
more cutting figure I just kind of let
it play today plus we just got back from
waterskiing as you heard us talking
about and I'm exhausted
Logan's working on a really cool GoPro
edit that we can show you guys tomorrow
we went wake
14 and like surfing and tubing we
actually get everything except for
waterskiing but it was a great day you
want to go see some pictures and a video
go check out our instagrams me and
Logan's love you guys check out
yesterday's vlog the brand new Kia video
is up on my shaycarl channel you can go
watch a workout video on Carly's vit
channel and the brand new Shay beard is
up that's your homework can I give you
guys homework I'm teacher Butler you
have to have your homework done by
tomorrow you have to watch those three
videos ok I'll leave links in the
description love you guys
see you tomorrow go jump on the
trampoline and look at the sunset
