baby - well hello how are you today
person sitting behind your computer or
maybe your cuddled up on your couch with
an iPod maybe you have an iPad maybe
you're sitting on the toilet on your
telephone right now
where are you maybe you're under your
covers with your iPhone but right now
take a deep breath listen to the birds
because right now you're in the
mountains of Idaho and you're about to
see one of the coolest waterfalls there
is we're gonna go see amazing balls you
guys ready let's go on this adventure
together seriously knock it off there's
people I mean they're looking at you
weird here we are at the Mason Nature
Trail and that is a freaking bad bike if
you ask me I know you didn't but I'm
just gonna say it kind of looks like my
KLR 650 and that makes me think it's
cool oh this is a gorgeous little family
here look at this family hey who are you
by the way if people want to know who
you are this is Morgan is's Kaylee's
cousin Casey's my brother
Kaylee's his wife Morgan's her cousin
and this is the baby I'm baby this is
the woman I make babies with I made this
baby with this woman's and that baby we
made this baby and this baby and this
baby and that baby come on baby let's go
make some more babies baby is that what
he said is that your best rock tart
impression alright let's go let's go see
the ball dad dad what are you doing is
this he's getting a dream ya fool that's
the false that's what we're here to see
son tards do that again oh here we go
okay dude you hear those Falls more some
major rushing water down here I remember
coming down here as a kid there was no
fences oh look at that dude look how
pretty that is go from here
I need a second picture of her and so he
told her back up back up back up and
eventually she's gone they do you think
he did that on purpose
Oh manslaughter at the fall so green
because of all the mist from the water
look at that rock part Rock Park Rock
Park sorry bro dad remember coming here
with me and Casey were little kids I
remember coming here and there's no
fences and I remember even as a kid
thinking I can't believe they don't have
a fence right here because we can walk
like right on the edge of these Falls go
simultaneous jumping whoa
that was huge and I'm not registered you
guys are crazy Oh rocks I watch the play
what do you think would you guys go over
this in a boat
jump rocks are you jumping so far jump
whoa 180 do no school here we are at the
Falls ready I want you to jump
rainbow
David are you scared love you getting
some instance hey dude that's a cool
shirt you're wearing bro yeah man that's
that's a cool shirt okay here's the full
view of Mesa fall you see the waterfall
I mean the rainbow
white the panoply of delicious
delicatessen enjoyment I don't know I
don't know that man just trying to think
of big words to make the situation a
little bit cooler son tired plane this
moment in a very poetic song kind of way
come on think of something more romantic
than that something like my love is as
strong as the water is nothing like that
Wow
there you go it's a pretty waterfall
check it out this is what I love this
whole hillside is just green because of
all the myths that comes off all the
water that comes off from the waterfall
this gorgeous green
I think they should do like a slide
coming down this hill and they go off
into the river looks like somebody lost
their hat look at that hat they're
sitting right on the edge of the tree
somebody lost her hat there's a good
shot of the falls that
what are you looking at mommy card right
here there's an osprey nest that is
across the river if you look through the
telescope you can see it is this
throwing up form I want to see the
babies okay guys let's see if this will
work you're about to see an osprey on
the nest right there that's the nest
there it is see the babies there's some
baby Osprey Eagles right there
look at this green fields blue skies and
big white puffy clouds and it's all
better because of these eagle eyes you
guys remember these sunglasses that
monitor I bought me know we've had yeah
those are the details you guys want to
see through my glasses check this out
without eagle eyes with eagle eyes it
might not come across as good on camera
that looks pretty cool without him on
the camera but do with the eagle eyes it
like brightens it up I love it without
what trust me it looks cool
okay we're headed to get some food and
then we're headed back caffeine's over
who had a good time
fun you like jumping in the water
it was cold huh it's exhilarating
alright we're gonna get some lunch I'm
gonna tell you one rule of getting some
lunch
if you ever and I'm saying if you ever
have the opportunity to go to a place
where there is a giant rotating frosty
root beer mug in the front of the
establishment you go there and you get a
cheeseburger right you know if there's a
giant rotating frosty root beer mug
they're gonna have some good burgers
fries and tots my friends mmm a butt job
that drink that a whole entire frosty
root beer mug is it rotates around my
heart oh oh I want to dive in there and
swim around with a penis
it was so excited I love you we had a
kennel watch oh we love you we didn't
leave you forever did you think we'd
never ever looking for looking for
crackers that have fallen
that's so pretty
you're very so pretty we're going to us
women parted a swim in Park today today
hey sorry children I wasn't even it felt
good a nice saying I said ladi Dadi I
likes to party
I don't be on no body about to fall out
let me see let me see
baby turns first - you're scary that's
gotta be terrifying how you think let's
see show us which one wiggle it wiggle
it just with one fingers we can see that
one oh yeah that's really loose she's
gonna lose it I'm gonna run over this
family right here sir I'm gonna have to
ask you to not let your grandson get on
the promotional material you just climb
up in there hey let you get in there
that's for display purposes only
look at him gonna get in trouble it's
like where's the throttle on this baby
I'm gonna take it all the way
okay we're at Cheerios up the bank ages
and dad's up to bat oh oh yeah dad turn
around
all right son tired here we go dude saw
you hey batterbatterbatter saw way nice
shot it's a pop fly though dude you got
to drive it there you go here we go here
we go that's kind of high let's go back
a little bit scoop out hey but I might I
might about about about asshole nice
shot dude that was a line drive that's a
triple
call that a triple you batted three runs
into Baba now you're getting it dude now
you're getting it watch that ball nice
you're getting ahead of it he's Batna
for 38 this season ladies and gentlemen
he is hot he's got a hot streak stolen
three faces the last four innings hey
kid you need tokens to ride that train
you're gonna break it you want to ride
it we gotta go buy some token I love how
they let stick it in an even though we
don't turn your mom
oh it's seriously one people biggie gear
me to go down there and say hi to Daddy
I did wanna tell them how it sad we are
that the pirate ship is closed so
there's one kiddie pool it's a pirate
ship and it's closed today so we're
pretty bummed about that but we still
we're able to get in the big pool for a
minute and cool off but now we're trying
to find something else fun to do for
Rock chart hello man let's go have fun
in a big toy any changes are so cool
Dave get him out of the park dad good
job
all right we're getting ready to watch
everybody go down the slide I'm being
boring and pregnant and I'm not going
down this vibe but you know what big
deal hang out okay Dave you know I'm
gonna turn the camera on you guys I'm
Way right you look gorgeous
we're actually here with all of Shan
Casey's cousins it's the butler family
reunion they're all up there let's see
if I can show them to you look at this
slide it's the dragon
okay that's the end of the video did you
have fun did you like the slide you
didn't act like you like do you look
like you're mad did you like it was a
lot of fun did you have a good time at
the cabin what was your favorite part of
the cabin yeah did you go in the hot tub
what about when you caught a shark you
got to go fishing huh there's a screen
saver on the other okay say bye to
everybody see check out yesterday's vlog
well yesterday's vlog wasn't that good
it was a 1 take her from the water park
but check out the two days before that
when we're camping hey say check out the
new episode of che beer that was
probably really loud say check out one
two three and four years ago
okay say I love you see you tomorrow
1 2 3 + I see you tomorrow
