such smoke I'm breathing out of my mouth
she's getting it's a dragon see the
dragon puff the magic dragon lived by
the sea and frolicked in the autumn
so I am here right here right now with
you in your faces let's communicate no
we are at a family reunion we left the
cabin the camping cabin and we are here
now in Salt Lake at a place called
cherry Springs where they have things
like dragon water slides and batting
cages and lazy wool my lightning face JC
that and our fun has been ruined because
of the giant storm clouds that are
rolling in look at that lightning
thunder rain tumultuous lots lot of
participation precipitation participate
in the precipitation say that five times
fast will you participate in the
precipitation anyways okay so here's the
deal guys today's one takes Saturday I'm
gonna trade you let's do a trade you
guys wanna do a trade let's do a flip
let's negotiate I'm gonna trade you one
take Sunday for what take Saturday
because we took your advice and I didn't
want to make a video and I don't want to
edit I want to spend time with my family
yeah so funny story I was sitting here
talking to my cousin we're at a family
reunion on my dad's side the butler side
Eugene Butler my grandpa who has passed
away bless your heart Eugene I love you
we are here with all of that side of the
family which we hardly ever are I think
the last time this group of people got
together was probably never because so
many people have new kids and it's one
of those reunions were like hi I
remember him I remember his wife is that
there any kid they have three kids now
it's like one of those reunions you know
you've all been there anyways so we do
have footage from here at the water park
before it started raining and we will
upload that tomorrow I'll give you guys
a full regular vlog tomorrow but phase
one takes Saturday we're hanging out
with the family I was just talking to my
cousin he was asking me what I do and I
live in LA now and I'm looking at
YouTube and I've made it
every single day for the last 4 years
and then I was like separate crap I
forgot to upload today's vlog so this is
that and I just want to get this up
tell you guys that we're having fun
we're fine some get struck by lightning
they did shut the water slide down we
were just about to go in the water slide
and they shut it down we did to go on it
like three or four times we got footage
of it I'll show you tomorrow and rock
tired and didn't like it he had this
grumpy face every time we came down in
the slide he's like anyways me and the
dragon great Saturday spend some time
with your family appreciate you guys
watching our videos we love you and we
will see you tomorrow
I wanna try think of something like epic
to say something
motivational live your dreams never give
up never quit love one another that's
all I got okay love you guys see you
tomorrow promise have long video blog
tomorrow bringing out the family okay
bye
