all right what's going on here it looks
like we have some craps and look who's
here
miss Kraft herself Kayleigh dawn is here
hey Kayleigh if you want to subscribe to
her on YouTube grandma let's see that
shirt this everybody should have one of
these shirts we love shaycarl
a mom and grandma where that might st.
George Marathon that really honestly
helped me Mom whereas at Mile 20 - yeah
clad one - as a mile 22 I saw those it
helped me push through okay so the kids
are doing some crafts they're making
these fourth of July hats
and while they're doing that I'm gonna
run to ponds Lodge and upload today's
vlog out on the water what do you think
princess start you having a good time
show us your fishing pole Frenchy's
started she doesn't like to use
conventional poles turn around let me
see it she is very crafty in her design
she has to make a homemade fishing pole
you want to explain to us how you made
that yeah yeah what kind of food you put
on there shrimp the pink shrimp let me
see can I see your your bait
she refuses to use a real fishing pole
she's only is the entire camping trip
she uses poles that she's made there you
go a little power bait on the end of
there and are you getting your clothes
wet at all just a little bit yeah your
mom's gonna love that your hair looks
cute though say your fourth of July do
excellent it's right on the river enjoy
in the water up to our knees in the
stream Creek stream River what do you
call it Brooke I felt like I've had a
few bites that's the most frustrating
thing you're reeling it in I gotta bite
I got a bite and you pull up and then
it's not there then you're like oh I
want to get that fish but then I feel
like he's gonna be afraid next to my
lure comes by he's like touching that I
hurt my mouth last time I've been on to
that so we're trying to catch a fish
right now
you should go horseback riding
we're looking at this oh look they
stopped over on camera stop don't move
watch it hurts vlogs on the Shaytards
like oh there's a stampede look at them
all coming there they come I don't want
to be all the Shaytards vlogs - dude
I'll get more Twitter followers shaking
me a shout-out come I'm gonna come out
of this this is kind of exciting a
little - Stampede you guys that one are
we supposed to like stop them from
getting out are you guys supposed to be
leaving do you have permission to leave
your curfews midnight remember who you
are and be back it's like they're
getting out and they're not supposed to
oh okay all right
good to meet you guys he's on a
modern-day horse with all the horses you
guys middle stampede you want to go pet
one rock tart that's a modern-day
bucking horse last one
he is always a troublemaker we're gonna
go Pat one they seem like they're
preoccupied at the moment I think
they're headed to the the feeding hole
rock garden you want to go kinda we'll
go ride a horse will you be scared of it
quit talking let's go ride a horse we
have to go back to the cabin guys it
looks like they're already on yeah
they're going to eat they're probably
hungry
Oh
there's a storm brewing we got rain
storm clouds coming in have some rain
our fourth of July but you know what
it's not gonna it's not gonna ruin our
party we're gonna have a good time
happy fourth of July it's raining oh man
what a horrible day the best I'll just
have to eat that's licorice
that's scary okay dad's had a fishing
pole yeah Gavin you want to reel it in
all sudden the poles are gonna do
do-do-do come higher this is your
fishing pole dang I wish I had the
camera it was leaning up against the
chair look at all this Moss coming in
grab that son tard we're all just
sitting there talking and pull have been
sitting for like 15 minutes also does
our gold using grab it prints a circle
out there and grab it rattle it there it
is it's in the weeds get it nice job son
tard that's a man move you gonna put him
back there slippery
put the fish back Casey oh dude that was
hilarious the best part was that the
pole was around a chair and then Casey
lightning is he gonna survive that was
hilarious all of a sudden a good call
Casey Casey jumped up and grabbed it you
didn't think you're a catchment like
that did you possible you know you're
gonna wait sometimes so he casted it in
and it was raining so hard that he
brought the pole all the way up on the
porch and he caught one great story you
should have been here for it
Casey do a reenactment of how that was
cuz the pole is sitting there Casey grab
the chair that was quick through there
we're sitting here also the pull those
juices you may see grabs the whole chair
like this started reeling it and we all
started cracking up laughing exciting
Karlie's just out here on the dock
trying to catch a fish in her boots
rude so it's raining out here and the
thunder and lightning has settled so
hopefully we won't get electrocuted by
holding fishing poles out gotta fish I
really didn't do you get one better LAN
is it purple and pink it's okay dude
that's still manly that's my camera
that's my camera okay that's our camera
huh it's the Shaytards camera you can
catch a fish nope
to catch fish yet
he's been reeling us in for the last 10
minutes yelling I got one I got one but
he don't got one but he's having a good
time you having fun that's work didn't
you just gotta go the right way how come
you're so good at fishing you're good
you know what you're growing up too I
remember when you came into this world
it seems like just yesterday now you're
yelling I got one I got one
and you're reeling in your own fish yeah
you're a big boy now huh do you love me
hey say I love you dad you can get at
that real
pretty soon you're gonna be on the ocean
deep-sea fishing catching sharks and
whales and octopuses wanna do that okay
sounds good you catch a shark how do
that's hard to catch a shark that might
shark you want me to get it oh thanks
for giving me a shark dude no one's ever
given me a shark before that's so nice
see how pretty it is out here
Hawk cries look at those clouds you see
those clouds look up in the air
beautiful it's all horsey horsey today
huh fish up baby yeah let's eat it see
you for dinner do you're a good actor
cuz you can really sell that really did
I want to see you you keep saying I got
one I got one it sounds like a big fish
story to me you want me to reel my shark
in oh you're so nice dude you keep
giving me sharks where's your money dude
let's see oh you dropped it and fell out
get it you know your money get it get it
okay where you gonna hide it we're gonna
put it we're gonna put it
I shouldn't carry it he puts it in as
she always right your butt in there dude
because that is not money that's not
your money
happy birthday
we don't know what they take us for okay
got it last minute because it had a dirt
road on it it's a monkey there's some
tree happy birthday are you surprised I
was like pull your face like oh we're
hunting cake that's fun alright it's
time to get crazy
yeah she went in the water dude mark
that's crazy
JC laughs here what do you got going now
happy fourth of July you haven't happy
fourth of July
collectin tightest all right you see
that one little light that's up there we
go
here we go boom all right it's sparkler
time on the dock in the middle of the
lake are you guys gonna get him in the
water yeah they're swimming in the lake
with sparklers create the charge put
that under the water watch in the water
that stays lit do it into the water
princess hard
that's that's pretty well how fun was
your 4th of July it was oh crap here
comes quick hi how are you I'm doing an
end slate say hi guys we're in the car
we had to do some errands on the way
home from camping and Colette was nice
enough to drive so that Daddy tard could
edit and now she's getting back in the
car after running an errand and she
looks pretty I think I'll go kiss her
Colette tell them what to do some people
are saying it's the best Shaytards vlog
ever I don't know if that's true maybe
the best Shaytards vlog of this year I
could agree with definitely good feeling
lucky button go click on that and see
the Shay beard cartoon please and then
go see what we are doing one two three
and four years this ago on the 4th of
July
you thought this 4th of July was good
well you can go watch four years of
Shaytards 4th of July's ok I love you
guys we'll see you when when we get to
see these guys next what is four years
when are we gonna see these guys again
that's right we do this every day I
forgot
ok we'll see you tomorrow
