I'm login here all right I need
everybody to do me a giant favor on the
count of three we're all gonna take a
giant deep breath of fresh air in our
lungs one two three
we are officially on vacation since
we're on vacation and I want to get some
fresh air I'm gonna go get some see you
guys later
okay we're on a dirt road in the middle
of nowhere
you think I my vacation it feels amazing
look at this oh it is gorgeous we are
only going like eight miles an hour so
don't freak out
Oh feels so good feels amazing what do
you think favorite start hi mom
we're on vacation
oh dude gotten the rock in the tank top
you guys Carly Russell bomb all right so
Carly wants to play too here we are this
is our tent for the camping for the next
four days knock on the door see who
answers bring that doorbell yeah why
didn't we have a country down a square
down a hoe down a square off that a
gauger rager just answer in that door
what's up gage a rager how's the cabin
you've already had all the fun you've
already taken up all the fun fun left in
the cabin dang it
rug cards got his stick oh it's gonna be
so big this weight careful don't go out
there too far got it I love it
hey Shay we're just here enjoying the
nice weather and the breeze and we got
we got this to stay in so we're pretty
dang lucky I'd say it's gonna be a great
4th of July this year Shay you look so
far away
I'm on vacation hey you guys guess what
if you haven't subscribed to my awesome
sister Carla styles you should totally
do that
you know why because she does logs from
inside of her I know you can't see me
right now but you're gonna be able to so
she does log from inside of her bathtub
you don't believe me go check out my
channel guess what I'm gonna do a
bathtub full of tonight and you guys can
hang out with me so HTTP colon backslash
backslash wo u youtube.com and you can
check me out and back up how long like
peaches okay good news and bad news bad
news first
what do you like when you hear good news
bad news I think it's like I want to
start with the bad news because if you
want to end on a positive note you know
you ever had somebody said that to you I
got good news and I got bad news I think
I wanna hear the bad news first and then
the good news looks okay then it's like
Oh bad news okay what's the good news
maybe it'll lighten the flow of the bad
news so the bad news is that cabin
Internet is horrible there's no way I'll
be able to upload a vlog we filmed a
three-minute shayloss video last night
on Logan's phone and try to upload it
and there is no way it would go up it
was like for an hour was trying to
upload then I kept failing we tried to
upload of four times and so there's no
way I'm gonna be able to upload blogs
but the good news is there's a lodge
called pons lodge it's about a 30 to 45
minute drive into town into town there's
not really a town but there's this Lodge
and they
I'm Internet and I just went and
uploaded the vlog and it worked and it
was a pretty big vlog it was 29 minutes
yesterday's vlog was like a gig it was
like 1.1 gigs and it went up in like 45
minutes I'll have to take like an hour
and a half out of my camping everyday to
upload the vlogs but I just it's hard
for me to relax not having the vlog up I
sit there and I try to relax I just
think I know people are tweeting me
right now asking where's the vlog Shae
and it's just I can't relax knowing that
there's not a vlog up and just it's this
weird thing inside of me I only know
Charles Trippy knows what I'm talking
about right Charles it's just like I
can't be at ease knowing that the videos
not up I'm just gonna drive into town
every day and maybe I'll just get up
early in the mornings and go then go
upload it so now we're headed back to
camp and I think we're gonna go float
the river odds tubes you guys were up to
mischief we're up to no good my mom
caught a frog and we're gonna go throw
it on Carly was trying to take him nap
right now what is silly McGillicuddy
don't hurt it though I'm not gonna run
I'm just filming it bro we're gonna go
throw this on Carly are you awake now
Carly it's a frog Sam I found the Frog
we're up to mischief ethic Gavin it's
fun pulling out of there look what these
guys caught last night bunch of crawdads
who dares pulling out until it's cooked
and delicious yeah
I don't touch it till I was butter and
lemon on it this one's dead if it
catches on to your lip you get extra
points give it CPR see actly you're
gonna put in your mouth princess turn oh
that's a great thumb no okay Jay show us
your best moves okay this is a tutorial
how to on proper dock jumping okay
so you have a dock here which is known
as your runway I'm sorry for the lights
okay the dock you're gonna drop me in or
I'm gonna fall in here I'm gonna hold on
well that looks exciting and refreshing
oh and it's ice-cold never felt more
alive in your life yeah my feet are
burning up up here oh no it looks like a
baby
we already did that dude a few times
okay look you have another dock jumper
coming down spread the hold there we go
go go
you ready that's a good flip oh I was a
good flat babe babe all right
so Casey and Caylee took the little
sailboat out and they just kept going
down downwind downwind and finally the
Coast Guard brought them back look at
this they gave them got their lights
flashing that's hilarious
so gonna make fun of them when they get
back
you think that's embarrassing oh that's
funny
thanks for rescuing them we were so
scared
thank you for saving them officer this
is this is not the first time they've
tried to run away from home isn't it no
they try to escape every time not so
funny did you guys just get downwind and
get stuck yeah they were trying to
paddle this way but it wasn't well good
thing you guys were around we would have
to drive over there and try to find them
in charge of making ribs tonight oh I
know we can depend on them so we get
ribs for towing yeah you bet just one
times a red back about it well we're
sure are thankful for for the sheriff's
out man in the water
good job Casey can you have to tell what
happened on the boat and we saw these
Yahoo's in this she'll be back in grab
some people so I was like guys hold onto
this rope and I'm gonna tow you back
into Shore you guys needed to chill out
oh I bet that's what happened
picked up and I was road for like 45
minutes and I never move I started to
wonder you guys having fun
grandpa Gager efficient yeah no no grab
the hook there you go baby tard you
ready don't let go of it though hey baby
tired I tell you you ready to go no
mommy tired of the new baby are ready to
go you guys ready all right I'm like
Huck Finn on the river we're gonna Forge
SATA word Forge is that it right a bit
Wow Forge we Forge for Ford we Ford the
river here's my paddle all right here we
go we're gonna go out to the middle of
the lake look at that gorgeous view it's
glass right now which had a water ski
boat honey here we go here look at your
buttons it's cute oh yeah that one i won
that's the one look you're gonna be out
here is just the gorgeous this time you
know hopefully we'll still have some
dinner left huh baby card I hope it'll
need all the ribs the meat smells so
good can we just have a moment of
silence for this good it's like glass
out here let's start get Rowan dude did
you get enough Sun today your face is
red we just gave our kids skin cancer
baby tired are you having a good time
hey will you jump in the water with me
come on let's start will you why not
no real support me in my diving in of
the lake we have to let were you do it
oh you almost got it or to the head or
to the face for certain you gotta have
or management dude proper or management
means you know where the end of your
aura is at all times
so you singing okay I'm jumping in I
don't care about you losers
you jumping with me I would have been
when the Sun was still out but now I'll
be cold son Stallone I'm jumping in okay
hey baby tard wear the hat by the way
you guys you would like these cool hats
I'm wearing check it out
rodeo arcade you can get yourself one of
these bad boys yeah you like it I like
it
these are the first hats that I've sold
that I actually really really love it's
the fitted flex fit with the baseball
you guys know I don't like the flat brim
a lot of you guys like like the flat
brim that's like the new style like this
but I'm more like the baseball kind of
like curled brim you know then I like to
go backwards what do you think guys like
these hats I love it you can get them
right now they're available on Rodeo
arcade calm and there's brand-new iPhone
cases pink I love pink iPhone cases for
iPhone 4 9 5 Ellen you wear that yeah oh
you are this bad boy oh you're cute okay
here I go
pink of all it's my back red yeah yeah
yep
one brass to 3-under it's gonna be cool
yeah it is please pressure yeah first
jump in and it's like press away yes
baby thar put the hat on dude you look
cool whoever a little laugh excited
Blackburn actually oh yeah you guys are
all gonna be miserable
okay well don't come aboard oh gosh and
aboard your ship ma'am ah
if you don't flip this over oh yeah
you're back to super red damn Rowan
Oh
show me oh come on down Oh sister let's
go down down on the river to pray now
I'm on the river to pray look at this
man
I think this might be listening ever
oh my slacking dude why did he get back
to Rowan jump in again I'm hot jumping
in gives me motivation all right I get
to watch you take your shirt off
it's invigorating every time every time
it's like girls I'll pull you guys good
job babe you're sorry go back there see
there's a hook I can tie this rope
around my waist and pull you guys thank
you really want
yeah that's Casey Logan back gara unhook
that
right there I looked at and I'll wrap
around my wife's pointy bitch okay
we'll teach it I'll sing it together hey
babe what's the plan okay see this okay
you're gonna hook that to you and you're
going to take us all the way over there
I'll call you for sure okay here we go
we're actually moving pebbles I like
that morning we're moving faster than we
were when you are rowing uh we're moving
faster than we were when you're going
that's crazy
hey Michael Phelps go for it lost
we're gonna do the other groups it oh
this is pretty cool I think so anyways
here hold my weight oh yeah oh yeah
don't be that Oh hold on to our love
baby all my heart
check it out guys we are like almost
there that's impressive babe I'm
impressed
thanks Jess you are definitely you're
earning those ribs ebony that would be
great we move here get a cabin they move
out of La move here
for six months I just trained to do an
Ironman watch your screen like this film
like the whole experience that's all of
our daily vlogs is just training for an
Ironman come out here I just pull you
guys in this boat every day here we go
run and bike in the mountains tears legs
live up here honey sweet get out of all
the hustle and bustle
I love it yeah living in the mountains
oh my goodness look at this here's the
format swimmer I don't know - uh he
swims all the way to there to there yeah
I'm amazed you're amazing babe you're
like an animal you're getting a theme
song it's kinda weird but I'll oh I'll
go with it Taylor spits on our boat dude
I get freaked out like what if I catch
ient shark like a giant fish oh I Loki
wasn't great don't tip it over we have a
lot of great footage on this camera we
don't want to lose it
look girl look hair they didn't eat all
the ribs yay you guys you guys were
running sundar just caught a fish we
gotta catch it on camera you got a fish
you get it is it still on dude it's a
big one
keep that tip up dude keep there keep
the reel up oh there it is he's trying
to go under the dock there is oh this
suck you reeling keep reeling dude nice
oh this is such a proud moment I love it
dad I'm trying here let me help you yes
whoa dude you have a net dad
oh that was nice
I'm sorry I was excited I was trying to
pull it out good job still caught it
don't push me
I made the rookie mistake the first
mistake you don't do is grab the line
and pull it up bro do two hands and get
it over it was up on the dog then it
broke just broke the line he broad line
do we saw it dude there's proof you
caught you caught that fish do you want
to place me in one okay grandpa here
hope that was like a 16 incher I was
seriously huge I almost jumped in after
I almost easy it was right I thought
about that now I'm not gonna do that I
got it I got it dad how big was that
fish I think it was 15 or 16 inch was
bigger than the one I caught when I
caught was at least 14 so it was a good
fish I'm sorry did a fish like that
they're not going to stick around if
they don't have to yeah he was fighting
too when I grabbed that lion he pulled
hard he was so far it just busted the
line that's how big it was it broke the
fishing line reel up I don't have to
catch another one all right you guys I'm
meeting some of Casey's ribs and what
I'm about to show you may be one of the
prettiest sunsets I've ever seen
we appreciate you guys watching our
vlogs I'm holding up this rib like it's
my prized possession check this out
babe the sky is almost as beautiful as
you are see you guys tomorrow they love
you
I
worth adjacent days for you
