all right you guys here's the update it
is Tuesday July 2nd we are right now on
our way up to the cab and look at the
mountains look at the trees look at the
sky it is beautiful look at my hot wife
she's even more beautiful we're gonna be
at the cabin for the next four days I
have a bunch of footage from all
different days and all different cameras
and I thought I just can't delete all of
that I'm like I hate getting rid of
footage so I am just gonna give it all
to you right now I'm vomiting Shaytards
footage on your face it's not edited
that well I'm trying to edit in the van
and it's hard because the girls are
singing Taylor Swift at the top of their
logs and I'm trying to edit the Vans
bouncing around so this is like the last
couple days starting what is today say
Monday Tuesday this is like from
Saturday this is footage from I think
Friday night Saturday Sunday just just
watch it and we all get started fresh
tomorrow and we're gonna no no no keep
going puns lunch phone upon's lunch to
meet my mom and the here it is I'm
vomiting Shaytards footage on your face
a whole bunch of a thumbs up the vlogs
see you guys tomorrow bye hi I'm logging
here does anybody have a bicycle I can
borrow
let's be bike night hey guys wait viva
la Mexico
uncocks are escorting now
somebody wave to me
hi nobody's lady that guy new wave hi
thanks man wait how long does it go
this is crazy huh there's a lot of
people have GoPros on their bike and
where we do this know this you didn't
know about this see how long this goes
hi I serve
cops
we might be stuck here yet a pizza see
if you guys know anybody in this crowd
that's the end of it hey guys great job
keep it up woohoo
dude you're in the back hurry gotta get
to the front there he goes
does the last guy you guys it's Saturday
morning you know that means another
episode of che beard I play this really
loud Oh since I already heard I play
this really loud watch me watch rock
hard will come running new episode of
shame beard singer Buddy litera
road trip songs
I'm loving it Tinker Bell is singing
jingle bells
Tinker Bell style Tinker Bell Tinker
Bell tinker all the way I would say
everybody it has begun the road trip is
officially started my going straighter
left here navigator and go back alright
so we're headed Idaho we got this van
locked and loaded and it is dragon we
have so many people and puppies and
luggage in this freaking thing how's it
going back there
logan passes back tell me film zeke
something
you don't really do much
I can't probably say once I get this I
guess so I can't okay so we are headed
to Vegas tonight we're gonna celebrate
the birthday girl's birthday I use for
the office wearing her birthday necklace
that was made the girls made for me my
crown is being fixed rate the effect
some of the diamonds fell out so it left
a fixer crown so here we go let's get on
road em I can't wait to get out on the
road and I can't wait to get to that
hotel and make out with my wife I can't
wait to get some lucky action tonight G
Hall right then I get lucky tonight is
it appropriate totally we go right here
we go
such a good song oh good sing it again
now he sees that the cameras on - yeah
take your fare too loud I don't think
you're too loud those are definitely
doors you guys know that song sings a
really good song everybody sing along
get memories I'm doing that of like
making words up but you're a kid to a
song you didn't know yeah I still do
that
say goodbye Los Angeles children see in
a few weeks LA have a great time
say goodbye to palm trees and oceans and
buildings and traffic
fresh air what do you watch a row the
cartoon iam of shame here you see how
they look on your phone cartoon iam Shea
Baird check out the newest episode
Saturdays everyday Saturdays every day
it's one of my favorite episodes
actually because you see shape your new
way without his beard he shaves his
beard go watch it go check it out chez
Pierre every Saturday morning
who's that rock guard
deeply in front
right the Sarge are you still missing la
she on it she's protecting me
she's back I guess the shot of her
there's so many people in here
disgusting
so scary
do you like say beard who's a beard
rock-type I want to can you want to do
all the episodes again and again and
again
oh hi guys I have made a video a long
time right now we're in Las Vegas and
we're just going to Idaho so I just had
a hotel I refused but I'm I'm filming a
hotel in the bathroom and I so I'm
tensed going on out there
love is watching us he didn't cool and
forehead you're pretty much the best
babysitter day in a hotel ever yeah um
yo second and we are here in the hotel
and I just wanted to say um about me
making videos every day it's more like
it's more different because usually my
dad does it and he's like so many funny
I do it because I'm his daughter and I'm
really obsessed with whatever obsessed
means I'm really upset with vlogging you
know like my dad vlog vlog and so we're
I just wanted to talked about the videos
I make um there's some theories I don't
have funny you know you think I'm
sometimes we're like and I good at them
yeah I'm right as he started shirt
my dad said today he made the video he
said I'm the official Zeke Walker
because I had a signature it shows a
video pair I brought this year so I
thought it was really ours today
cut and run and I um took my walk all
the way to I hope in our apartment well
on our apartment there's a
the downstairs area and the bouncers the
area there's like this little thing that
I want to clear a big target of course
it's hard kick asleep
yes okay so I just want to talk about
that and I have made a video a long time
so I just made this room with you
and yeah just we are in our hotel me um
then we did something with little bit
more on his phone or you had to like
sing something for sizes and so we did
that and then each mm we played I'm
highly sequels rocked her he actually
plays as us young Logan was I know me
playing around with us and he returned
to us and I think I'm sorry and I just
want to say hi so I make sure you
subscribe so you'll like it because we
lost fingers right on and you have so
I'm for them try to get rid of my good
clothes so what do i laughing at
road-tripping at van delirium
another case of man delirium in the
backseat tragic case I can follow my
singing what you cover your ears I was
down yeah
we're listening to the little Bhutan
Rouge little loud
I turned up maybe actually epic loves or
the desert right now we are
circumnavigating in the desert and it's
scary hot outside
it's so hot if those claustrophobic me
as a father and a provider of this
family I feel services that if this man
broke down we could skill it to death we
engrave on this desert floor woke what's
the temperature making me nervous you're
in we're at a kinda Hollywood he looked
at 190 degrees right now my goodness I
just wanna grab another generous like
bless this man
baby I know we love you don't mind it's
been just such a good Vangelis we have a
giant dog for children a 19 18 year old
mobile 18 you guys hear this the other
day I was saying Logan how old are you
Ortiz look I'm 19 and then mom texted me
she liked by the way lo it's 18 and
Logan how old are you I'm 19 I do it
months as you're 18 and all I'm 90 and
like Logan you don't even know how old
you are I think your mom knows how well
you are no - I swear of 19 let's at his
driver's license he's 18 years old I
even know how old is I'm a web dude are
you just trying to like say you're 19 oh
no I thought oh it's where O's 19
anyways I've done that before - it
usually happens when you're little yeah
when you're like in your 30s then you're
like how which 31 or 18 you remember
when you're 18 anyway we have five kids
because there's a baby
bat-ball we are adults an 18 year old
all the freaking luggage you have a roof
rack and a Great Dane this poor van is
like
Oh bad for to tell I'm back through this
110 degree desert it's pretty enough
check it out a great job good job just
ruck us through their trapping through
hole to the other side okay turn the
camera off homeless Moulin Rouge now
okay here we go
there was a man I'm not turning it off
the soul okay Rizzo much
and rock back asleep look at them
laughing okay niggas having a dance
party make sure you see dr. Christ you
can hey keep your seatbelts on in a safe
fashion I will turn this jet around
Oh roar crashes oh hell no go back to
Vegas
alright this is the portion of our
journey where we travel through the
upper corner of Arizona the Grand Canyon
State you know my sister carly was born
in arizona pigtail she was born in
Phoenix Arizona
misty and I lived in Arizona from when I
was in like kindergarten
Toula when I was I know for yup
kindergarten till 4th grade I lived in
Phoenix Arizona it's hot here ha
I went to fourth grade in Idaho that's
why first knowmaybe was third grade
actually yeah we moved we moved when I
was in third grade from Arizona I
remember we had these friends so that
their mom wouldn't let him come and play
with us from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. because
it was so hot they were not allowed to
come outside and play with us
and my mom keffe course just kicked us
out of the house aside go deal with the
heat you voices and then we were always
like doing sucks it's got Brody can't
clone plugs or mom a lot of complex it's
too hot that's how you deal with Arizona
where'd you find you can't steal that
that's stealing well put it back we
gotta buy it on the airplane to go
higher go inside we got to pay for that
what Montreat alright why not
here we are at a gas station in the
middle of Utah rocked our just stole the
Navy chain of Navy plane hey your
grandpa would want you to have an Air
Force jet not a navy one
well well well is this the toy wall son
tarik found himself a hacky sack and you
found an original giant pink cookie do
you think he deserved that
what have you done that today that
merits you having a giant pink cookie
tell me one good thing you've done
what'd you find what guns you like guns
well there's lots of good steps you're
quiet for 10 minutes that's pretty good
all right you can have a pink cookie
dude check this out slingshot ammo and
my day you had to go to the riverbed and
look for smooth round rocks they didn't
just like package them up for you
kids these days getting all the hard
work out of it those are kind of light
actually so maybe that's better
in case you would find some sweet rocks
and shoot them at people with a baseball
wanna buy a baseball you're so cute Hey
we have treats
you want trees I know we're kind of in a
whatever we're on vacation dude dude
check that thing out that it's a wicked
back scratch dude that's sweet I think
it's extendable to all on hair tell me
check this out extend
I think Zeke is a hot out here the
tongue wagging whether tongue wagging
whether it's a tongue wagging whether
huh just take him for a walk it's hot
out here huh ah it's not as bad as it
was in Vegas it's probably like I think
95 ish 90 98 98 degrees my 1d sigh oh
the 90 degrees song Oh Cameron I need a
gray suit
oh look there's a snack for you you want
to treat Zeke you want to treat - ain't
nothin but a heartache tell me why here
comes the treat crew he's sad Hammond
airplanes I told you get a tree buddy if
you get a tree got a cookie my one DS I
yeah who sings that and nine ninety
degrees yeah dad you say I'll just say
98 degrees it works better for my joke
and for the weather outside you on this
you got a big pink cookie to cook the
sour patch kids you didn't get the pink
cookie you switch with rock guard oh the
Logan grab Zeke he's gonna get run over
oh honey mediate wanna know
relics bond hi she's waving we could put
our kids in the back of that trailer we
can fit him in there we dropped more
than enough pieces why that was
inappropriate you guys we got a major
situation we've been called a were born
Logan has done really bad right now bad
yet to be so bad oh don't do that
good night you don't need waterworks hey
what are you doing you know I'm gonna
stop honey cause twice please please
stop honey young guys she's a slave
driver
she's a road trip slave driver she just
pushes on and she'll never stop we're
bored and hungry and full of urine yeah
who's the gross life but you got a limit
on the time it take you take your
guesses put them in the comments right
now okay he's also logging funny cuz his
caps are from running on the beach let's
just take a moment though you guys look
at this beautiful sunset that we have to
enjoy we are blessed with right now
look at that thing that is why well
they'd be turn Kaneko gotta go I'm
committing you can I go pain we woman to
me without no keep smoking mm-hmm no you
should stop smoking quit smoking yeah um
we're gonna go to some dinner here's one
got some dinner
get some dinner it's not really hates
what I never eat you like food dad what
we're whose glasses Shane she's having a
smoke break
that's the worker she wanted to know if
we wanted to buy anything right start
going there and still stuff the lady orc
Sarah's in there a lady who works here
so I'm a smoke Bryce go still stop okay
all right she's right
well nothing a little Olive Garden can't
fix after a day of traveling am i right
or am i right we came to this Olive
Garden before we got married
remember that day yeah we couldn't hear
on a date one time I knew was gonna
happen after that first breadstick okay
sit down buddy so are you called their
mother's gonna you got a napkin please
no you saw what you see the snail
sometimes we play a little game with
rock hard called what is he saying and
he has and he says the same thing over
and over and over and we can't figured
out hate in the bathroom we washed his
hands and then the soap was blue he goes
got it so Lee like and I'm like what
it's soapy goes dad it's solely I'm like
soapy like I was like silly the monster
cuz it was the same color blue as so Lee
was like oh yeah this soap is solely not
funny I see a squirrel do you see a
squirrel yes well see a squirrel hey
which colors our fire truck what colors
a fire truck which one of those
red firetruck good boy
blue soap blue soap red firetruck good
boy
all right we are eating dinner actually
Olive Garden Logan's having a sparkling
water that's what he's having for dinner
is bubbly you know I find is a lot
we could already smell the air and we
already building the non traffic kids we
are finally in Idaho even stop asking if
it asked the last issue centered you've
been doing a great job of not being a
pesky annoying little brat thank you
thank you baby diaper bargain on the
other hand I didn't pass that test this
rock guard has been an excellent little
boy you want water you want to water my
ground we're going to stop it though
making the final push daddy's go to find
a Portuguese stop fair give you
whatever you need what is you need is it
within me tripper that I wanna give you
what is unique is it within me to
explain how I am getting by on so little
fog you try to believe that I would let
myself get so wrapped into you see
needed get tips like you know those
cities when you're in a long road trip
and it's like let's put that CD in and
everybody sing as loud as they can at
the top of their lungs because one of
those cities that you've had in your
cars last ten years and you know every
word by heart dashboard questions from
you from you
three down sir Piper harder the push the
harder iPhone
to sing along
baby it's trite but I can't always
always
is be long
you like it up
we're almost over almost there Road
rules side
there's so much action I'm getting busy
today on TV 9 he wants to get on the
trampoline so I told him to get his bike
take his bike over the edge of the
trampoline climb up on it yeah get it
take it to the trampoline and then you
can climb on top of your bike to get on
top of the trampoline you'll use it as a
stool got it work smarter not harder bro
good job take it over there you're
strong little Superman put it right next
to the trampoline pick it up get it
right next to the trampoline and you can
climb on top of your bike almost there
get it close okay set it down on the
ground
set it down now climb on top of it climb
up it grabbed the Tramp there you go
jump you made it
good job you did it I'm proud of you you
gotta use tools to get the job done good
job Superman he's loving it here this
little face is bright red because he's
been out playing in the Sun all morning
keep trying to get him to drink some
water no I don't want water dad I'm play
he's just like non-stop playing out here
you like the trampoline what
okay sounds good bro somebody else likes
it here too been playing with Kobe dog
all day
hold your poopoo you like here in Idaho
oh you're a beautiful beast my favorite
beautiful beast
no offense Malachi you can't come to
Idaho without going to a Walmart and you
can't come to a Walmart without getting
your blood pressure check kitty oh right
I don't know yes
well you gotta read the instructions
what is it telling you to do your deed a
purse
dude you got a bufflehead do you know
that yeah I know
do you like it or do you want to cut it
no I don't you're so funny
I want to cut it ahh oh my god I hope Oh
Shay and center both have bufflehead and
I like clean cut that's just the way I
am I know some people don't produced
hard likes the long hair and the beard
but I like the clean cut that's just my
opinion it's cool if you have long hair
that's great
but I like my son to not be privileged
I'm gonna let you be a bufflehead until
school starts and I know my god see it
makes it easier to do this get over your
shy guard like you free floor butter
fellas oh goodness we are going to a
cabin and we need a watermelon for every
day where there right so I got four
watermelons and they're super cheap here
that's one thing that I do miss about
Idaho as things are much less expensive
in Idaho what are you gonna do dude what
are you gonna do with those shoot them
with my black bees feet again where are
you gonna shoot your dad in the butt
watch out Jay he's coming for you that's
a lot of babies 2,400 we're gonna be
busy this weekend we got a lot of habit
wait a little bit I don't know I don't
know that's what happens when it's late
at Walmart look trying on clothes in the
Walmart but the dressing rooms are
closed so we're just being crazy carry
that that's that yes
over there dude dude what's wrong we're
trying to find fourth of July shirt and
unfortunately since the fourth of July
is like two days in the coming what what
does that mean
I don't know anyways it's hard to find
one well that one's cool United America
yeah ha ha I like that one do on it yes
ok
ah no better now that I've unleashed all
that footage I don't want to just delete
it
so now I know I realize that vlog was
kind of like everywhere from multiple
different days but we're on our way to
the cabin right now and we are so
excited check out yesterday's vlog which
is I guess today's vlog cap what do I do
about that I just guess I'll date this
the same thing I don't know we're gonna
go find out if the cabin Wireless works
check out yesterday's vlog just click on
the yesterday blog button it wasn't
necessarily yesterday's vlog but I
Skyped with like six of you would be
more of that in the future leave your
skype stories there I'm exhausted I got
three hours sleep last night feeling
lucky button Shay beard please watch it
click in the middle to see what the
shades are doing one two three and four
years ago today I'm gonna go swim in the
lake now goodbye tomorrow
