hi login here hey you guys it's late
this is my wife we've made four babies
together almost five I'm so proud of her
because you know why she's put up with
me for 10 years so we got to end I know
the last night at 1:00 in the morning
and then woke up today and it was
beautiful the air was clean my parents
are here carly was here and we just
spent all day like catching up and
playing in the backyard and it's 2:30 in
the morning right now yeah it's 2:30 in
the morning right now and I didn't edit
a vlog but I have and we're packing to
go to camping go check out my Instagram
fix your eyes we're staying in a cabin
in the woods were camping wuzzy style I
bought for what Colette bought four
watermelons for the trip I think it'll
be enough dude we need to ration the
watermelon though oh well let's get some
on our way there listen we should have a
one water cuz listen there's me like 12
people with my parents and Grandma and
Grandpa and all the kids we should have
one watermelon per day I want to wake up
to fresh juicy watermelon every morning
that's fair
can't a man have fresh juicy watermelon
okay - look we're on skype we're gonna
do a Skype call here in a minute here's
the footage I have it all imported and
it kind of sucks because we have
multiple flip cameras I'm flipping on
one of these flipping flip cameras and
yesterday's vlog I just took the footage
off of this camera and I forgot that
there was two more cameras oh this
battery's about to die can you give me
some batteries hey Joe young monkeys
hold on battery change hey just like
that we have new batteries okay so
here's the situation I'm gonna upload
maybe we should just do two videos
because what will you drive tomorrow to
the camping place and I can edit the
vlog so I'm gonna try to put this video
real quick together so we can upload it
in the morning
I okay I'll do it right now I'm gonna
guarantees the other thing
worried about the internet at the cabin
because you never know we're in the
mountains and the cabin does say has
internet but it could be super slow so
I'm really worried about that we're
gonna be at the cabin for four days I
hope it works I hope we can get up some
great camping vlogs here's one promise
you this is a video no promise you know
our video you know I realize too is that
whenever princess heart turns the camera
on she's like hey guys I know I haven't
made a video in a long time like where
did she learned that where did she learn
to say that I hate when vloggers say
that and I hate when I say I don't have
any footage experience and excuses
here's what I promise making you promise
right now this is a pact this is a bond
I'm gonna edit the 32 I have 32 minutes
of footage on the laptop right now it's
right here you can see with a timeline
here it is see it 32 minutes of footage
I'm gonna edit this while Colette who
just promised to drive up to the cabin
sure dude I drove all the way from LA
you promise it's okay
oh you did drive two hours and then I
will upload this we get to the cabin
tomorrow night no tonight never he says
if the Internet's good okay we're gonna
Skype with some people I just tweeted
and asked if people wanted to Skype and
we're gonna call this guy his name's sxe
Marto and what I want to try to do is do
multiple video calls like do like a
three-way oh hello Marco sxe Marco you
have Philip DeFranco fan nice nice do
you have you have your camera dude no
camera what's up where you from dude I
know where Bulgaria is not all Americans
are dumb I have never been there I would
love to come one day that sounds cool
okay dude hold on I'm gonna try to get
somebody else in on this
okay hold on what's that buddy oh look
we're good to dudes here hey Marco we
got word three-way call and we'll say
your guys's names yeah what where do you
where you guys from Kansas what are you
doing up it's 3:00 in the morning
where's your mom and dad hold on hold on
Mart oh are you listening to this yeah
okay sorry dude oh that's so cool okay
keep going let's hear your excuse you
know
yeah your skype notifications opieop is
it your are you brothers yeah how old
are you guys dude that's so crazy what
are you gonna do and your parents come
in and are like see you on the internet
with two weird people in Idaho your
dad's a tack up in here and start
yelling any second so you guys are on a
summer vacation right now yes nice Mart
oh what's what how did you did I'm
actually your brother's name 1818 we're
skyping with a bunch of teenagers at
3:00 in the morning okay dudes so you
guys have any questions for us right now
so we are talking right now to somebody
from Kansas couple teenagers in Kansas
that are up past their bedtime bed like
bedtime and Marta who is in Bulgaria and
it sounds like we're all of the same
room so yeah you guys have any questions
for mommy tar and daddy chart
okay Ian and Erin what are your
questions think of something smart and
funny let me ask you guys this
Ian and Erin what you said you're 15 and
13 yes
do you guys have cellphones I choose not
to because I don't really I had one for
by really gonna use it then I got rid of
it but I still like an iPod touch but
it's not really anything did your
parents make you help pay for it or did
they pay for it your phone oh how old
are you and you got your very first one
like 11 or 12 but it was just like a
minute phone yes yeah
so I'm we're thinking like 13 for our
kids yeah but like the princess card is
asking for one right now what about you
Marco do you have you're 18 you have a
cell phone right yeah how old were you
when you got here I was like 12 years
when you're 12 years old that's crazy
man I was 21 when I got my first self
that is true times indeed change they're
like a little bit older because like you
live in LA this city's large man I mean
it's big yeah you really have to contact
them a lot no I think you'll be nice I
just want one so like when like the kids
are downstairs like in Taksim let's say
bring me up a water or like bring me
some toilet paper doesn't really but you
know I can't deal what is he text you
Martha what does he text you to bring
him he's calling me because I go Gary I
don't know about you say but we have
like free free calls three minutes like
it's
free yeah talk with my family and he's
like on me and bring me something to
drink or something to eat yeah they're
gonna call you yeah yeah I think we
should do this like maybe not once a
week but like once a month how do you
know David yeah oh you guys are in the
RPM Network it's a maker studios thing
no way that's so cool 100th episode of
the podcast
this is so crazy Bulgaria Kansas Idaho
having a conversation like we're the
same room info Gary no dreams come true
they do Marco your dream I hope you have
bigger dreams and just talking to us you
guys are on the Shaytards vlog give
yourselves a shout out every Monday and
Saturday there you go that's a proper
shout out these kids know what they're
doing you guys are gonna choke above
Mars oh do you have a channel myself I
just wanted to say thank you to thank
you for making videos and being a part
of my life you've helped me through a
lot of things in shout-out so she had
fans keep up the good job man that means
a lot
see you selfish Americans just want
people to subscribe your YouTube
channels and this Bulgarian Martos
humble and grateful that's what we need
in this book
all right was good talking to you guys
have a good night yeah dude I'm vlogging
you right now okay can't wait you're
gonna see it tomorrow dude okay we'll
see you guys later
okay uh Ian and Erin get to bed I'm
gonna call your parents
you're grounded okay I just tweeted so I
got that let's let's try it one more
okay oh my I just tweeted we have a
hundred and sixty-two tweets
sorry if we didn't get to everybody
Jesus okay um so Natalie cracker which
is a hilarious twitter name by the way
as you said I'm in California I want to
Skype I'm in fourth place for the Skype
stay together contest so there actually
is a contest if you go to Skype comm
slash stay together you can win a
$10,000 travel voucher if you have the
best stay together story I'm not sure
exactly how it works but natalie is in
fourth place
so let's Skype with her real quick so
but there's Daisy M and and there's so
many Justin Bieber just tweeted us no he
didn't somebody gonna just be ready okay
so let's try to call these two girls
real quick okay what's your name
Daisy where you from you're pointing to
here boyfriend how far away of a drive
is it to your boyfriend do you guys
Skype a lot yeah did you really
that's okay so hold on we're gonna try
to add one more person here oh that's so
cool look she just you're gonna hang on
over here Daisy I'm moving you around my
screen I look at you stare at there say
what you said when we first got on the
call what's his name Jack Jack where is
he what he's at work right now
okay we're calling Natalie ah
Natalie hi are you good you see Western
is that a Mike Wazowski okay
hold on I'm gonna try to add dang it I
just hung up on somebody what was her
name Daisy easy hold on real quick oh
yeah yeah yeah okay so that's good I
actually that's I was just talking about
that
how do ours on votes yeah and I'm
getting all my friends on Facebook to
share it and my brothers in the army so
I'm trying to get all of his army
friends and so if you if you win the
$10,000 travel voucher what are you
gonna do with it Skype actually and he
wants to go to Australia which I'm I'm
down to go anywhere but I think
Australia sounds really awesome wait
who's he your brother he's in
Afghanistan serving he's a medic in the
army
no he's the one that you Skype yeah we
Skype about once or twice a month and
he's he's in the service right now yes
dude that's so cool I hope you win
even though I I don't know maybe there's
other deserving people support well dude
you're on the Shaytards blog right now
so give yourself a shout-out Shaytards
please help me go vote for me I am in
fourth place currently for the shape for
the Skype stay together contest so if
you could go send at least one vote you
can vote once a day between now and July
22nd so send your vote thank you very
much just give yourself shut up okay
hold on we're gonna try to sky oh you're
back how do I add both of you were you
just on hold yeah okay you stay there
hold on Natalie yeah so what just
happened when I click that I don't know
it's a brittle a pause thing on your
face
yeah okay so like I have two people
right now so hold on and put you on hold
one more time okay okay okay hold on
wait you back this is so interesting I
really should know how to work Skyy
better this I just figured out but it's
like I had two of you out hold okay so
we're on the other line with Natalie
she's a fourth place in the the contests
on the skype.com slash day together
challenge and she's trying to get her
brother who is in the military in
Afghanistan right now they're trying to
win so that they can go to Australia
together when he gets out of the service
isn't that a great story right are you
calling Natalie crazy hold on I have to
go tell her Natalie well my green couch
is called you crazy it'll make sense in
the vlog tomorrow
you want a fighter hold on I'll tell her
hey she wants to fight you she said okay
hold on we'll tell her she says she can
take you and your brother so where are
you from
California not too far away from LA
awesome so we're not all right now
you're Modesto California and my green
cow is in England and we're all talking
yeah okay we'll listen you're gonna be
the Shaytards vlogs tomorrow and you're
probably gonna win now I'm thinking and
I think whoever else is the I in the
contest is gonna be like sure that's not
fair you gave her a shout-out well
listen her brothers in the military yeah
oh is it awesome
awesome so go vote for her what do you
have the username on that on the website
you go to the Skype to stay together
calm yes a Skype stay together calm and
then go to the stories and put them sort
them in the most votes I'm the one with
the picture of me and my brother so just
go and it's called
soldier friend brother and it currently
is in 4th place awesome okay I think
you're gonna win no Natalie she better
win guys okay love you bye tell your
brother we appreciate his service
we really appreciate his bravery and all
that you will I promise
there you go I like that idea okay see
that way okay bye now we're going back
to my green cow we're back
so she's sending a sniper over to your
house right now oh good no I'm just even
she is yeah her and her brother are
trying to win the contest so she just
gave herself a shout-out anyways you'll
get all this tomorrow when you watch the
vlog I'm just playing joke's on you guys
well it's good skyping with you tell
your boyfriend yeah you have any
questions for us or anything bracelets
you guys as well because that's what I
do know it's like my job you make you
make bracelets nice I love bracelets
site yeah I finished college hold on can
I ask you a question real quick do you
know how to make your your screen is
like really small now do you know how to
make it big I'm sorry oh my goodness
Hellfire damnation she's like I thought
you're being a smart aleck I figured it
out okay sorry okay you went to college
you graduated from college than what
just college is different to uni okay so
we have college after school which is
high school which I feel like it's weird
that you guys call it uni because I
picture like a unitard like a small
unitard
when I hear uni like I'm going to uni
I'm like if I picture like people
wearing really small stretchy outfits
and like a Harry Potter school or
something I basically chose not to go to
uni and I was - I was going to a job and
I couldn't find it and I went on on the
dole which is Jobseeker's Allowance and
stuff that was a bit rubbish because it
kind of limited what I could do and
stuff I was getting money for searching
for jobs but I couldn't like I wanted to
sell my jewelry and I couldn't because I
was like boundaries and stuff that I
couldn't do if not I'd have to do Clair
money and stuff like that and then in
April I just started to come off of it
because it wasn't doing any favors and
then literally a couple of days later
some contact contacted me about
promoting my jewelry and then a week
later after coming off of job seekers
I'm managed to sign on to the Tax Office
as a business and from April now I've
literally done like two four months of
being nice so it's possible right living
the dream
doing what you love tell these guys tell
them it's like the right time the right
place that really comes into it a lot
because it was just so crazy how I come
off of job seekers and then literally a
couple of days later I got contacted out
there by someone who'd see my jewelry on
my Facebook or something and then a week
later I was my own business it was just
like it just took off suddenly out takes
time and patience right and hard work
and that's the problem is most people
like a year of people trying to do
something a majority and that's the
surprising thing because some people
will say oh year but a majority of
people will quit even after a month of
trying something you know 30 days of
trying something they don't succeed
they're like this sucks I can't do it
but you worked at it for a year and I'll
send all the things all the pieces fell
into alignment and it made it work for
you that's so cool
it can be possible for you guys to
that's a good story thanks for telling
us that I appreciate it okay give
yourself a shout out right now you guys
go make your dream even more of a
reality okay my green cow on Etsy right
yeah all right go get some of her
jewelry and help her live that dream
that's so cool I think freakin faithful
together I feel like I am an like I feel
like we're a big family honestly like
the Shaytards and the people who have
been with us sometimes I just wish you
know oh well we do that at VidCon and
playlist live but I'm like I wish you
all everybody could be in a room and we
could like share these stories and
that's really what Skype is like we're
just hanging out right now and she's
telling us her dream about how she has
her own jewelry business now and you
guys are all gonna go buy something from
her she lives in England and she didn't
go to uni and she doesn't wear tight
smaller clothing but she does sell
jewelry online even though I'd like to
see you and some tights no clothing
oh I'm talking about my turn don't eat
this is weird
all right well thanks for talking to us
we appreciate it keep watching the vlogs
yo alright we'll talk to you soon okay
see you later bye dude yeah we talked to
some cool people that I know cool man I
wish there's just not enough time of the
day I wish we could talk to all of you
and I think we will definitely do this
Skype more often yeah because it's
really cool meeting you guys so go
support those girls and go help Natalie
win and go to my green CalNet see him
buy some jewelry and go subscribe to
those two kids Channel on Kansas and
Mart oh I don't think he has a channel
but he's in Bulgaria give him a
high-five if you see him in Bulgaria if
you're a Bulgaria and he see Martha
walking down the street say my toe up
top
yeah what's up all right we love you
guys and I will edit that vlog on the
road and the cabin will have blown it
okay okay
love you guys five yo dudes I love you
dude it is really cool to meet you guys
and to just see like the people that
watch our videos sometimes I've said
this before but it's like it comes
becomes a number so I go today's vlog
got 230 thousand views but like - lets
see your faces and to hear your stories
and they hear your voices it's so cool
we really appreciate it and we're so
grateful you guys have been a part of
our lives and we know that there are so
many of you and your individual stories
of how you met the Shaytards and we
appreciate it
so keep watching or we'll kill you know
check out yesterday's vlog see what we
were doing one two three and four years
ago click on the fill and lucky button
which is scott caan slash made together
to go see those stories and go support
those guys that we talked we're gonna do
this more I promise we will Skype some
more so be patient we'll try to get to
all of you which might be impossible but
we will keep skyping um follow me on
Twitter you guys this will not be the
only vlog today I'm gonna try to edit
the stuff that I have and get it up when
we get to the cabin but where we have
like a two-hour drive to the cabin so
follow me on Twitter and Instagram for
updates about the cabin and the epic
family campout we're excited love you
guys
