you know when you're wrestling up some
grub out here on the wild wild west you
got to put some stuff in your covered
wagon like lemonade and vinegar that's
important I just came out here and he
was doing push-ups he's like a beast
last minute upper right hand so Charlie
he put it in the bucket reported a
 Charlie I think so you were not
watching the shades are gone just sit
back relax follow along to the same
shape as to the things he does for the
deal family and just because he's but
his wife online you gotta for a year
less home for two I'm ready for a baby
also let it be clear
Thank You sloggin here bye see some
celebrating happening baby watch watch
watch your hair I'm so proud of it
last minute upper right hand saw charlie
he put it in the bucket reported to
 Charlie I think do you like your
sandwich I made your sandwich whoever
could live it yeah oh no no there's no
prints but you gave me an idea thanks
Mike Franks come rank me no I don't like
that all right we are out getting stuff
for dinner check out what is that oh
it's an igloo we bought a cart igloo I
know
but hey and Idaho you need equals
everywhere you go what does that fancy
you getting crazy tonight let's get one
selenium this is actually a rose
lemonade it's really we tried it last
time I came here and it was really good
maybe I don't know one for me you know
um anyways tonight we're making lettuce
wraps I haven't ever made leather straps
but I like what is right so I decided
it's time to try it so we're going to
make lettuce wraps tonight and getting
some ingredients you got to have
something with it that what should we
have with our lettuce wraps candy cake
like some soup okay cake candy and soup
for dinner tonight we're having cake
candy and then soup on the side with
some lettuce wraps maybe what Kogi done
nope right no no cookies and cakes and
candy we're having lettuce wraps it's
the same thing basically it's our
covered wagon in the woods as you know
when you're rustling up some grub out
here on the wild wild west you got to
put some stuff in your covered wagon
like lemonade and vinegar that's
important I think we're gonna have maybe
some bread and some soup and some
lettuce wraps I don't know sounds good
to me oh my goodness our difference on
it yeah look at the inside somebody
walked on it whatever we're gonna put a
mattress herb sleeping bag on a new
weight oh it's the stuff out in the
covered wagon jaboney
all right here we are
is he gonna do it jump over Shawn go
Shawn go follow Gavin look jump jump hey
who remembers Malachi doing this jump
over it he was come on Kay there you go
ma'am
deja vu run run is your workout you did
four laps around the track you win a
mile house good job do deja vu yeah who
was you we here at football practice hey
nice boots cowboy
winnie-the-pooh has his basketball
shorts on and Brock has his cowboy boot
climbers on it but she's gonna go climb
that I know see clay down behave
yourself what music you listen in to
hear let's hear let me see
you
sit put
nice catch
sir
yeah
sick rittany blue fortune
Oh bad throw
who is that no it's nonsense pure and
utter nonsense oh brother
I'll tell you sometimes I don't even
know if I'm a professional football
player or not I tell you
here we go let's take him to that blue
pour to Ted let me put
Oh bad throw man I gotta practice my
throws I need to be putting some time in
after practice it looks like some extra
time
QB time punting oho oh I got it that was
a great catch I got on camera - dude
you're crazy
get down from there or are you just
thinking what your mama say your mom's
butts shaking somewhere right now we
don't know where it is but it's shaking
I bet Brock what do you what do you see
up there dude
huh are you exploring okay come down
you're making me lead a nervous just a
little bit don't run on the edge he's
not on the edge you guys are probably
freaking out okay here here comes the
descent word inside you gotta pull over
to the side
climb down find a battery here in there
foot jump cowboy boots whoo no nice more
climbing on the right lie down you big
pink tongue here you go stretch it out
Oh God all right wolf ride okay let's go
for a dance ten where's your shirt oh
you don't know did you lose it at
Grandma's house look his hair is so long
would you laughter styptic grandma's
house okay
he left a stick to drum this house him
up pull your pants up dude I just came
out here and he was doing push-ups he's
like a beast
it's like rocky stars we see nothing oh
so true
Oh up there you're not what Oh football
feel like a champion warrior named
growler come on let's go make dinner
champion warrior I don't want you really
dirty hell hold your hands up let me see
yeah they are good family push-ups go I
pulled hurry come down
down dad are those good military
push-ups no you don't know we call that
in the Army snow I think other good put
Center okay let's go let's go rocky come
on come on drive let's go climb in yes
boy you're gonna you want to be a race
car driver
wha huh every game Drive no shirt no
shoes no service no problem alright do
ten and to keep your hands on the wheel
look forward please look at the road
we're trying to look at all the pretty
girls out there on the side of the road
say alright we drive in dad
so we cruise in these streets jeez teets
we out here riding dirty jewy jewy Dori
Dori it's not a good navigation - he's
doing good I haven't touched the wheel
yet turn go left
this way this way
you're on Drive who's gonna drive next
me a great job come on Brock you can
drive come on drive all right get in
climb in this is driver's training okay
that's true you guys can both drive okay
everybody can join everybody put their
hands on the wheel
okay ready Oh easy there Rach come over
there all right everybody
oh you're honking the horn if we go okay
dude don't run us off the road careful
don't run over those bushes turn you
gotta take this turn not too sharp turn
back go up the road drop the road frogs
driving we are on an off-road private
road you guys or not we're not on a main
thoroughfare or nothing like that I know
that I said I wouldn't vlog and drive
but I'm not driving so it's cool
all right the lettuce wraps are finished
we're excited to try - I've never made
these before Oh
open your yeah you haven't had these
these are really good you get these this
is like a tortilla it's like a taco but
instead of a tortilla you use lettuce
wrap or piece lettuce I mean you wrap up
you use the letters to wrap up the bacon
the ingredients if mom threw in here
okay so let's do it
grab it well that's not how you doing
it's gonna be really - okay here's
another another glory
made by collecting thank you but all
about to me wait I was very grateful
drums down your head and listened
quietly while the prayer is said a via
hit at one time gravy's oh my goodness
he's so blond look at how cute little
summer boy okay okay cut after a good
workout
okay guys I need to know Jackson we need
to work out after the podcast yeah
we're guys be sure to watch the podcast
cuz we're doing podcasts and workouts
tomorrow shoot one in there to the
Monica and Dannie and Blake want to know
it that we're shooting on 9:00 a.m. and
you cameras on so slow hey wait I really
genuinely want to know the consensus on
regular dinner is your son good so good
okay I have been on point lately with
dinner I'm just going to brag for a
minute just bragging race and all new
all new yeah we're gonna hear at the
same time G we're doing our nightly
stretches we're trying to make it so we
can touch our toes you guys are so cute
can we touch our toes Oh
touch your toes everybody try it right
now get it right now ready straight legs
he touch your toes look how good I can
do what ready let's go if you're in bed
get up get up get up stretch
pounds on it oh that's very good then
you might have to look I can judge all
my fingers
that's good that's very anyways okay
okay
