refueling stop one Barstow California
and it is hot H o TT hot 100 degrees I
here today and in Vegas I hear it's
supposed to be a 120 degrees it's just
hard is running Zeke over here how you
feeling bro after that beach run little
sore
Logan's having a hard time walking after
running around in that sand yesterday
your caps or he can barely walk he was
coming down the stairs say like an old
man just ha let's see you do a little
jog can you jog did its what the sand
does to you alright let's write over
here and see how Prensa starts doing
walk into the Zeke's not used to this
heat like Adam Patton oh hey you are in
a Zeke shirt does that mean you're the
official Zeke Walker that's a cute shirt
has like little pink things around it
yeah oh he's so sassy
I think zekiel you hot when we looking
at Larry lucky bear it is currently a
hundred and eight degrees in Barstow
expect a high of a hundred eleven dude I
would not enjoy this temperature
tomorrow I'm supposed to be 13 jeepers
so clutch grabbing a few snacks and some
waters inside the gas station and I
almost forgot her jewelry you guys we
had left the house we've got all the
family in the van packed everything up
we said a prayer we were literally
driving down the road and Colette goes
oh I forgot my jewelry she like had some
earrings and said she wanted to bring
and I was like jewelry crap because I
had it in my truck I had a kid in my
truck and I parked my truck
we left our truck in California and as
we were driving down the road I'm like
okay let's turn around normally I'd be
like honey you don't need your jewelry
let's just go because we were already
probably three or four miles down the
road I'm like oh I almost forgot her
birthday present it was a clothesline
actually purchased heart wrapped let's
see how she did hey did you get the
present let's see it let me see it
got a bow show them how you were gonna
present it to her prince it start
wrapped it for me and hid it in a bag
yeah thanks man uh-oh tell me the tires
love it's because it's packed with 800
kids in this thing hey honey would you
get did you get some candy hey this guy
said our back tire is low maybe we
should fill it up what do you guys think
do they look low I can't tell I mean we
do have this thing packed to the brim
with all of us and all of our luggage I
just I don't think it's low what do you
think we just had him rotated before we
came here today look low looks okay this
definitely packed that brim doesn't help
it it's 108 degrees
someone's excited to eat lunch we're
here snacking on some Chipotle who's
enjoying it movin gotten salad
mommy thar got the burrito still where
giant burrito
I got a salad it's gone it was yummy and
delicious
well we forgot that we had a dog Zoey
we're back to the Malachi days every
time we'd come to Vegas we couldn't
really stop in Vegas because we had a
puppy but we are taking him here
who's thick oh the heat is yeah we have
a kennel for him kennel for dogs and
cats and Zeke's gonna stay here for the
night this is his Las Vegas hotel they
do have $3 blackjack tables and
two-for-one drink specials and I think
there is a show tonight that he's gonna
see so he's excited for that no
strippers tonight Ezekiel I know we're
in Vegas but what happens in Vegas gets
filmed on the Shaytards camera and we
get to upload it to the YouTube so you
better behave yourself tonight okay
oh boy it's hot okay let me end where's
the hot chicks okay
here we are in the New York New York
Hotel and Casino and look who showed up
chez tarts that little ragtag muffin
family who I love hey birthday girl
having a good time do a birthday girl
dance shake it shake what your mama gave
you and you can't come to Vegas unless
you bring your portable skate park
rocking and rolling on a cereal skate
park you bring that what they ever wear
we go dude
check out what he did he cut the box so
that you guys like little quarter pipes
he launches up here
that's pretty cool dude that's pretty
cool around they take soda never he goes
you getting good out of to go to Sweden
moves
whoa duty to all eat the whole round
let's see another sleeper favorite movie
Daniel all
nice dude we're gonna get at that y'all
sweet huh here we are in the very corner
of the hotel it's windows as far as you
can see and how's the view out there
mommy tart babe there's the roller
coaster where's the swimming pool
princess heart show me baby charts gonna
show me Logan's already tweeting there
do you think you could jump in the pool
from here you guys you just jumped out
from here and the deep end I think you
can make it that cool would you jump on
the charts I think you could probably
die you would probably die that's a far
bed to bed jump to you guys I don't know
if gonna be able to do that yeah it's
like the whole wall is windows open up
you're getting trapped in the drapes
there's like a little thing that goes
back here too sundered look you can
sleep right here dude look see your own
little cubby Oh Thunder you can see
right there in a little cubby Oh Arya
sassy face okay so we're checked into
the hotel Colette's
taking a birthday nap she's really tired
so she said she wanted to take like an
hour two hour nap and so Logan and I are
gonna go down and pump some iron oh you
want a mom mommy yeah go check out the
gym here in the new york new york hotel
and then as soon as we're done I'm gonna
come up and get ready I'm gonna take
Kyle up to dinner and then we're gonna
go to a movie I went I got tickets to
the oh it's a show where they dance
around in water I guess it's like some
water ballet pick that up
just likes like that shouldn't be on
that side I have OCD obsessive right
it's like one on each side
Oh her looks so good for the chicks the
angrier you look the better pump you get
so hard old always said here's the test
master you are Waltrip that also helps
you pump wall shirts and camo shorts
you'll get a huge pump that nice tube
bomb where you from
just like that forty-five minutes later
we are done with that workout huh low
workout it's a good workout dude I'm
gonna tell you guys little secret
my secret weapon for this five-week
challenge it's gonna be jumping jacks
they are so good for shoulders your legs
your abs your obliques
jumping jacks that's my secret so here's
the situation we got two rooms because
Logan's gonna be watching the four kids
in the other room and then Colette and I
have our own room Shh you guys aren't
supposed to be in here me and
collaterals be having a romantic date
night for her birthday but they wanted
to come see check it out we got a giant
tub in ours show me a little seat so
there's like a seat you can like sit in
and then it's like deep I'm excited just
like be totally covered in water yeah so
what I make out with your mom get over
it
mommy cards getting ready for our date
you're looking beautiful and the kids
wanted to come see it so you guys you
have to go up to your room now cuz we
have to get ready for our date so you
guys go up hey your room services coming
in early
better go your foods come in they just
ordered room service so they ran down to
see our room there they go there
barefoot okay Logan just sign hey Logan
sign Shay Butler if you have a problem
call me okay okay bye don't leave the
room all right we're gonna go stay there
no blackjack no strip clubs nothing you
guys love you hopefully they're still
alive in the morning all right they've
official we're on a date
and a vacation that's true all right so
we're on to a special dinner and a date
hey you can't look in your bag okay cuz
I have nothing to carry this with so
just don't look in your bag if you need
anything out of your bag you have to
tell me okay no I am I am head of your
bag I'm gonna charge you back all bag
interchanges have to go through me I'm
the manager I'm like the door guy of the
bag all right let's see back up you look
beautiful
it's my birthday girl give me the
profile of that baby
a baby's growing Wow you get fat happy
birthday it's gorgeous
well I tried okay you ready the East
Wing or the West Wing wide open on the
side we need a little side pocket okay
let's go I'm ready for a night out on
the town when they pivot we had the
Bellagio hotel
we were a fine array of cocktails they
bring this to your table my pad anything
reverts on this drink so what a way to
order that that's like Chris since the
establishment and very fancy and this
smells in here like I want one of
everything yes all the smells that I
smell can I please have
babe
I'm afraid these two pictures are so
small
take that shot
I told you she'll like it if it's
sparkly
I thought I'd have to get some taken out
of it do you like it happy birthday
we done good you guys good like it your
blood sugar
all right so we're just having some
bread okay you guys we're saying goodbye
to you now we're gonna have a night
together we love you and we're gonna go
see them oh my Cirque du Soleil we're at
the Bellagio I don't see the old show
okay love you guys tomorrow
and then we went to the O show and we
took the new baby with us he had a great
time thanks for watching today's vlog
you guys we really appreciate it check
out yesterday's one take Sunday see what
the Shaytards were doing one two three
and four years ago click on those
buttons in the middle and please a beard
is buggin yo mom get out hi mom go this
is my end slate I'm your mother tell
them to watch a beard wash a beard it's
really funny it's annuit have you seen
it with the beard I got my beard taken
off at last funny I think it might be
the best one I know everybody says this
is the best one I know well because they
keep getting better who did you saw it
to Cooper uh-huh I really liked it what
do you say grandma what's a beard doing
what's the mayor doing now what's it
doing now it's like this watch it
what sundered Oh see I just mentioned
Shay beard and here comes rock-hard what
see I love chez Pierre okay we'll go out
right now just like you guys we'll see
you guys tomorrow
love you bye say bye
