what happened last night
hahaha okay guys get it like dang over
that bunny okay oh dang it I messed up
one of the things guy through baby
charge this is me another one of the
jokes drop charge underwear hanging
ready alright here's the situation we
woke up in Las Vegas Nevada and we are
see the room is trashed we had a party
last night we have a naked baby we don't
know where that naked baby showed up
from there's a naked baby in her hotel
room who got the naked baby last night
some car did you looky us you got the
naked baby yeah alright one take Sunday
we are here in Las Vegas and we had a
great time last night
Colette and I went out to a nice dinner
and had a date and we went saw the oh
show at the Bellagio yo ha and then I
gave her her jewellery did you like it
so much I'm wearing the ring right now
you guys will see it in tomorrow's vlog
I actually filmed the presentation of
the present Princess hard hooked me up
with the wrapping job hey she thought it
was really pretty she really liked it
she liked the wrapping job what did you
guys do last night we actually had two
different rooms we just drugged all the
stuff from the other room up here this
was me and Colette room we had a jacuzzi
tub in the room which Logan was passed
out in and we had a good time last night
right what do you guys do in your room
you sound guilty of something huh fess
up right now buddy cuz I'm gonna see it
on the hotel room bill when I get it
what did you buy last night huh did you
buy a lion hot did you get Mike Tyson to
bring a lion to your hotel room Oh what
did you do last night huh how many
cheesecake you over oh I want to know
how many chocolate sundaes oh that I
didn't eat you didn't I'm good good and
then when I went on tonight's dinner
just miss me you see that you guys that
was close and I mean Logan actually just
went worked out this morning we had a
good workout as a gym and go ahead look
how I workout this morning there's pre
drill and then we went to the spawn had
spa treatments we didn't have spa
treatments well we got steam room we sat
in the sauna like not like facials
anything I thought I was being treated
so that's good
you have enough root rec fost so we're
gonna save me that for me yeah we're
supposed to share I already ate no I
haven't eaten yet bro thanks Rosa you
can have it and then so we're headed to
Pocatello this morning and that's where
we're gonna Hank well actually we're
going camping tomorrow we're gonna be in
Island Park Idaho for the fourth of July
we're not gonna go see Mike Wazowski you
think we're gonna go see Mike Wazowski
are you naked you have underwear on okay
all right we are here at the New York
New York there is a roller coaster and a
swimming pool
no dude we got to give him the van we
got to head home no honey do I'm on the
roller coaster
yes well quit can't go she has a baby in
her belly
sundered how many fingers skateboards do
you have do you go to the finger
skateboard slots last night
how many do you have I don't know why
you have so many
do you want to go on the roller coaster
what if you're not tall enough are you
so bad I don't know after what I won't
see what to do the measure chain
I don't know you know what I think we
need to do some helicopters on this bed
this is a king-size bed okay why not
push helicopter kids okay make sure you
have adult supervision if you do this
watch out is everything clear for the
bed lay flat flip flap helicopters for
everybody Sammy rotation going a little
over here for Lighting's better Logan's
all right there okay here we go
one line right there next rock turns the
best helicopter baby ready I'm gonna
Lisa 17900 lace flap flap cork it out
baby turtle do a quick grab everybody
Lisa three systems to 360 out of the Sun
okay on the sex games
okay you're not 360 rock by rock card do
it again come on rock target low more
watch out so everyone I'm scared
yes I bet I get you get him full 360
okay ready full 360 is are bleak twists
here is what works
Logan you want one
yeah dude give me one hey set her whole
don't drop me off the bed
I don't know probably like half of one
I'm gonna do a backflip on this bed
watching this can you okay petrosyan you
back foot it's good very front go whoa
watch this good go good job nice what
you doing if you do what I'll do what
the hair fell near okay hey what do you
mean you've never done one in your life
you're just gonna try one okay go dude
it always fight you he always says that
every time we're on the channel he's
like I'll try one I'll try once I don't
know if I will or not I take my previous
thing back because I'm taller than you
and that's light it's kind of even low
and yeah I don't think it's gonna
totally over the lens oh I just realize
it's lit oh sorry guys I'm sorry for
that one Oh
centaur get that front flip action Oh a
little miss show up in the house that's
pretty pretty impressive though good
yeah haha that's awesome all right you
guys we gotta pack up we're past
checkout time that's 1107 we're supposed
to check out at eleven o'clock you're
gonna pick up a Z cool
oh yeah I'm gonna go pick up Zeke -
every part every reason do yours Eco
you'll dance baby tard
do front-flip rutgard
whoa he's trying to do a backflip all
right did you have a happy birthday so
awesome of you so grateful to everybody
who gave me wishes and love and presents
and I cried
well I'm it I cried she cried last night
few times that's the sign of a good
present when you get some tears we're
eating appetizers and she said she could
eat them cuz she was choked up I was
like yeah I did my job
yeah my job and then we went to the O
show and we went and saw a chocolate
waterfall did you know those did you
read the sign on the side of that thing
largest fountain you guys go check out I
made a video of the world's largest
chocolate fountain last night on my
Instagram and I made a little reference
to a movie and if you don't know what
movie I referenced then where you been
you need to get up-to-date on the
classics so go check out my Instagram
there's a link below and then go check
out the chocolate waterfall we saw a
sign okay we're headed to Idaho see you
guys tomorrow what what is that no you
can't drink syrup sugar princess you
have sure running through your veins
Roger I do I do one more helicopter come
on let's do one more helicopter here
mommy tired filming us this is going to
be the grandest helicopter this
everybody back and we really back rock
garlic now it ain't ace look he's ready
85 times step is one two three I feel
that one in slow motion
