where to begin
so this vlog is going to be the vlog for
tomorrow that vlog that would normally
have gone up Jim well it is June 29th
because it's 1250 it's my wife's
birthday today
she is 31 years old and I love her more
than anything on this earth she is my
best friend and like um so we're gonna
be traveling tomorrow we're headed to
Idaho and we're gonna stop in Vegas to
celebrate
Colette's birthday I have some plans and
really excited for we're gonna go to a
show and I got her some presents that I
showed you guys yesterday and I wanted
to talk about yesterday's vlog because I
am on the comments right now and there
are some very heated comments about some
of the things that I said yesterday in
the vlog titled intense jewelry
negotiations and normally I am really
good at ignoring the angry comments and
the comments that are mad at I don't
know like the hater comments and stuff
but I don't want to be misunderstood and
I hate that that when I say things
sometimes are taken the wrong way so
specifically speaking yesterday I had a
little rant if you will about the
definition of selling out I don't know
where that term started the first term
the first time I ever heard the term
selling out is when Green Day got really
big and like my brother and all his
friends who were you know punk rock fans
were calling Green Day sellouts because
they are on MTV and they did this new CD
and I don't know what it meant I'm like
what do you mean they're sellouts they
are doing well and I'm confused because
I thought you liked Green Day so why are
you mad at them for getting more people
to listen to their music and this was
I was talking about when youtubers do
Brad deals and how the commenters will
call a youtuber a sellout because they
got paid to promote a product and in
that conversation I said that my
definition of a sellout is doing
something that you don't like for money
or something that you're against or
something that you are morally objected
to but you're doing it anyways because
you're getting paid for it and I said
that I felt like doing something that I
love and getting paid for it was like
living the dream and I made the mistake
of saying a specific example because I
think that hurts some of your feelings
because maybe you do this for a living
and I said if you flip burgers then
you're a sellout which isn't what I
meant because trust me I've done those
crappy jobs for three years of my life I
worked in a restaurant I scrubbed dishes
I had bus tubs full of old food that I
have to reach my hands in and grab
silverware out of I had to clean a guy's
throw up out of a bathroom stall I had
to clean a guy's throw up out of a bar
and as I was cleaning the throw-up up
another drunk guy put me in a headlock
and gave me a new key as I was cleaning
vomit off the floor because a drunk dude
threw up Jager bombs all over the floor
I was a 16 year old kid cleaning up
Jager bombs vomit
you know what Jager bombs are it's right
what is it red ball and Jagermeister I'm
cleaning up this vomit and another guy's
has me - headlock giving me a newbie sad
yeah you like cleaning that puke up haha
I was a 16 year old kid and I hated it
but I did it because again sometimes you
have to do what you don't want to do in
order to get where you want to get now
the point that I was trying to make is
to never give up on achieving and I know
sometimes maybe you guys get sick of me
when I get into this kind of
conversation where I'm like you can do
it believe in yourself and you know
maybe I sometimes get sick of myself too
but dang it I believe that and I'm
trying
so hard sometimes to get that across to
you guys that you don't have to settle
for something that you don't like and by
golly I feel like sometimes that won't
get through any of your heads not not
any of your heads some of you will never
believe that or some of you would be
like whatever Shane life sucks life's
hard
I have no opportunity I'm not lucky like
you I don't get lucky and get YouTube
money there is a man of walk like
obviously like there's some people that
have more opportunities but are you just
gonna use that as an excuse how is that
gonna change your life how is that gonna
affect you in a positive way by blaming
somebody else's success on their luck
and because they're lucky they get all
these things and you're stuck in this
rut there's nothing you can do about it
if you have that mindset if you have
that mentality then I feel bad for you I
feel bad that you feel like there's
nothing that you can do to change your
life that sucks it sucks because you
will be stuck doing the same things
you've always been stuck doing now those
of you who don't think that you
understand what I'm saying
you're really you're with me I'm
preaching to the choir cuz you like
you're right Shane I know I'm not gonna
be stuck doing this crappy job that I
hate because I'm gonna workout up the
next two maybe three years because I
have a plan I'm going to school I'm
gonna get a certificate I'm gonna save
up enough money so I can start my own
business I am working toward something
I'm gonna overcome and I'm gonna do
something different but right now I have
to do this crappy job that I hate so I
can pay the bills and then eventually
once they work hard enough and long
enough and I'm patient and I never quit
and I never stop training
I'm gonna do something great and it
might take me another 10 years
I might have to clean up vomit and flip
burgers for another ten years but
eventually I'm gonna love what I do I'm
gonna love my life and I'm gonna sit
back to me like I did it finally I did
it and if you can't have that hope then
you're screwed I'm serious you've got to
change your
you've got to change how you feel inside
you didn't you can it's possible I'm
getting worked up and it's I just want
to shake some of you sometimes I read
your comments I'm like you don't get it
switch your paradigm for the last four
years I've been saying this stuff man
I'm getting hot I'm gonna calm down you
have to have that fire you have to have
that passion inside you have to believe
that you can do it or you won't you'll
be stuck doing things you don't want to
do and it sucks to do things you don't
want to do for the rest of your life and
you you can't do it maybe you're not
gonna be a famous youtuber I shouldn't
use that example if learning I'm
learning not to use specific example I
go what you think you're a famous
youtuber shave you know the second that
you start getting mad at me for things I
say that doesn't help you at all you
need to start thinking about what you
can do to change your life and so
yesterday you know I talked about
getting paid to do brand deals and then
I go and I buy my wife this nice jewelry
now let me digress from and I understand
how that could seem like braggadocio
like I'm bragging and flaunting my money
if you're at a point right now in your
life and I know a lot of you are that
you're broke and that you're really
struggling for money that could be a
real douchebag of a guy sitting there
saying I got paid to go to a Disney
movie haha living the dream you're a
sellout
I'm gonna go buy my wife some jewelry I
love my new truck I can see how that
would be like screw you dude because I
understand I've been there I have sat at
this desk you know years ago writing out
checks to pay the bills and at the end
of me paying the bills I had 200 bucks
left and I still had a 300 dollar
Gassville and we hadn't bought groceries
for that month I know what it's like to
be broke I know how stressful it is I
know that you can think about anything
else other the fact that I don't have
any money
I can't buy food to feed my kids
I've been there I know that's like trust
me I know what it's like to have my wife
run out of makeup and she can't buy
eyeliner because we sought to buy gas
for the car I've been there so I know
that that sucks and I just I don't know
I was in a good mood yesterday and I did
maybe come across like I was like oh the
dream screw you guys whoo-hoo it's not
that's not
that wasn't my purpose my purpose was
trying to motivate you and encourage you
and I can see how that would have come
across wrong if you're in a really bad
time and a really bad spot in your life
but you gotta believe that it can get
better that it will get better if you
work hard and it takes hard work it
takes turning off the TV
heaven forbid it takes turning off
YouTube it takes closing your computer
and getting up and going to work it
takes waking up early in the morning six
o'clock what if you got up two hours
earlier than you normally do it takes
not playing video games oh crap never I
ever talk about video games the comments
get pissed at me it takes some of that
good old-fashioned elbow grease and if
you're not willing to put it in then
you're not gonna get out of life what
you could and that's the simple fact
about it and that's not my opinion it's
just the truth I don't know things I
should say I love you guys I hope you
know that I hope you know how grateful I
am I I was lucky I was lucky to get a
shout out from Philip DeFranco I was
lucky at you know to have get along to a
lot of things that I have in my life but
I've worked really hard and very few
people will understand how hard it is to
upload a video to YouTube every day let
alone any video to put yourself out
there for scrutiny for criticizing for
thousands of you to say what a you know
douchebag I am and
and how my kids are you know it's I'm
not gonna like okay it's hard work and
that's why I want to say I love you guys
I really do appreciate all the
opportunities we've had because of
YouTube and I'm not gonna quit I don't
care how many bad or negative comments
we get I'm never gonna quit I will never
stop pushing forward to what I believe
is a dream life and I have I've learned
too much of come too far to stop now
so I hope that makes sense I hope you
feel motivated to change your life
because you can and tomorrow I'm gonna
go and I'm gonna take my wife to a nice
dinner I'm gonna take her to a show I'm
gonna give her some nice jewelry and I'm
gonna make love to her and I'm gonna
love every second lovemaking part but I
know I'll see you guys
not tomorrow if you watch us tonight
this is the 29th video because I'm just
gonna spend time with my wife tomorrow
on her birthday and then we'll see you
again on the 30th will be in Idaho
okay have a great night I love you guys
bye
