hi you guys
you guys something really exciting just
happened to me okay you guys all know
because you've watched my videos every
single day for the last four and half
years that I used to be a radio DJ Z Z Z
Z 103 I was number one a music channel
coming up next we got Macklemore anyway
as I was driving me and Colette and I
didn't get this on camera so that's
what's the frustrating part about the
story over the last couple years once
we've moved to LA I like you know wanted
to find out what the comparable radio
station in Los Angeles was to see 103
when I lived in Idaho and turns out it's
kiss FM it's like California's number
one hit music channel during the days
there's a radio DJ named Sisson E who I
basically when I moved to LA I found out
who all the DJ's were on KISS FM and I
all I followed him all on Twitter so
like boy toy Jesse and Sisson E and of
course Ryan Seacrest is in the mornings
and so I've been like tweeting them for
the last couple years so anyways I was
just like stuck on the ten driving and I
tweeted Sisson E and I was like hey will
you play this song and then she gave me
a shout-out on the radio and I was so
mad that I didn't get it on camera so
shout-out to youths isn't he on the
Shaytards vlog you guys go tell sissy
she's a DJ and the afternoons on KISS FM
in Los Angeles I'll put her link below
on her Twitter go tell her I think she's
rad at Col she's a rad dude now I'm
going to make her studios to have
important meetings hey Alberto where
should I leave this thing just blow it
up dude light it on fire this is my
buddy we're at maker and there is a
valet
Alberto he's my buddy and look at this
this is a good problem to have but it is
a problem
no parking spots there's so many
freaking cars and this guy runs them all
he's the best
ding Ian I was gonna bring Zeke with me
that's a fun thing that I do here at
maker everybody brings their dogs to
work and I've been wanting to bring Zeke
and I forgot dang it yeah check it out
maker valet parking because there's so
many people that work here you can't
find a spot it is packed but me and
Alberto have become friends so whenever
I pull up even if the Lots full he'll
take my truck and like go put it
somewhere cool for me and fast-forward
three hours I should film like inside
maker studios it feels weird when I'm
editing the vlog says like hey I'm
headed to make her for some meetings and
it's like an immaculate
and I didn't show you any of what I just
did because I was in meetings um but I'm
gonna talk to you guys a little bit I
always have a little Frank discussion
shall we
we'll have the talk not the talk but
like the Franklin anyway - shut up CheY
CheY shame shame haha you guys you guys
no shame um anyways I want to talk to
you about something okay so the meetings
that I just had at maker were about my
brand deals I had to meet with the
marketing team and a head of talent Amy
I love her she helps me do a lot of
stuff that I do on here on the youtubes
and you guys know that every once in a
while
youtubers get the opportunities to work
with certain brands they get what's
known in the industry as a brand deal
basically if you want to cut it down to
the most basic form it's a company who
wants more people to know and use their
product so for instance I haven't done a
brand deal for a long time it's probably
I can't remember when the last brand oh
I've done it it feels like almost a year
ago but in the last couple weeks I've
had three brand deals that you guys know
what they are I did a brand deal with
monsters University we got to go to
Pixar got to go to the premiere on the
blue carpet like amazing stuff they paid
me to help promote their new movie and
when you know youtubers pick brand deals
it's like you want to pick something
that you like that is a product that you
really stand behind and that's when the
clean oh the sellout comments come to me
the definition of sellout is doing
something you don't want to do for money
looks like that's the definition of
selling out like I hate this and I don't
want to do it but I'm gonna do it
because I'm getting paid to me working a
nine-to-five job flipping burgers is
selling out
that's what's selling out to me is doing
something you don't want to do for money
going to a movie premiere of a movie
that I would pay to go see anyways and
my kids love and watch everyday
that's not selling now that's called
living the dream and I am so grateful
because I was just in there and the
Skype deal I'm doing okay so I'm doing
three brand deals
promoting that there are three
documentaries they have about how
they're connecting people and then I'm
doing the Kia brand deal right now
anyway so it was just in the office
having a meeting and they're just like
kind of like we're talking about how the
brand deals were going right now and
they said that the interaction is off
the charts because of you guys because
of the comments you guys leave the very
first Skype video I did and I asked you
guys to leave stories about how we
stayed together with your family there
was over ten I was in comments and for
Skype to see that for them to see like
wow ten thousand people just commented
talking about our product and about how
people use our product think about that
as somebody who works at a company and
seeing ten thousand people give them
feedback on why they like their product
that is so valuable and so when I hear
that I'm just like I feel so grateful
that you guys are willing to interact
and to leave comments and the thumbs up
and that's the ultimate power that I
have I have to offer a brand is when
they come and they say we want to work
with shaycarl to create a piece of
content that will help promote our brand
so the idea is for me to create
something that I would create anyways
that I think is cool and to support
something that I think is genuinely
valuable and something that you would
want to use and have in your life I
honestly was shocked to learn how many
of you guys use Skype and because of
this brand deal I've been on skype a lot
more I have been going into meetings I
see Brett and he's always on the on
skype of his boyfriend and that's the
goal is to find a product that you want
to work with that you can make cool
stuff with and it's something that you
think is a valuable thing that you guys
would like to use I don't want to hide
it from you I guess what I'm trying to
say like I don't want to like try to
like slip it past you like oh yeah check
out this thing I get paid to like talk
about some of these things and I'm
usually honest with you you know
sometimes we talk about things that we
don't get paid for and you'll always
hear me say that's not a brand deal
we're not getting paid to say that you
know so sometimes it's like a joke like
don't say that we're not getting paid to
say that we should get paid to say that
which you know is silly you know I'm
gonna talk about things that I like
anyways right that's what we do as
humans and that's kind of like the gist
of this vlog is to share my life with
you I live my life in front of you guys
and hopefully
entertaining and encouraging and gives
you positivity and hope that you can
live this dream it's crazy I just want
to say thank you I guess is the gist of
this conversation thank you for engaging
and being a part of the conversation
because we've read your comments there
are top executives at Skype comm that
are reading your comments right now
people that work at Disney and Pixar are
reading your comments because they paid
me to make a video so they want to see
how it's being received and so they go
read your comments they see the things
that you guys say you might think that
nobody sees your comments because
there's so many of them trust me they do
they use the feedback that you give them
in the comments to make their brand and
their product better so you guys have an
influence on making some of these things
you use every day to work better for the
way that you want them to work that
makes sense anyways just a little talk
as we're driving okay now we have a
major mission I cannot screw this up I
have got to get Colette a good birthday
present
and I'm thinking about spending a little
bit of this brand deal money on some
jewelry it's funny because I have three
brand deals I'm got a lot of money
coming in right now so I'm thinking I
what do you guys think
oh crap klutz gonna see this do I do
this
no she won't she's too busy right now
okay so what do you guys think I'm
thinking earrings or a bracelet or a
necklace now she already has this
necklace that I bought her a year and a
half ago it's like this heart necklace
and has some little diamonds in it and
she has these earrings they're like $500
earrings that I bought her maybe a year
and a half ago that are pretty nice but
she doesn't have a really nice bracelet
don't you guys think mommy card deserves
like a nice piece of jewelry now a lot
of people have commented that I should
get her new wedding ring if you guys
don't know she lost the original wedding
ring that I proposed to her with we
think the princess card stole that
somehow because it was up on the anyways
you guys heard that story so she doesn't
want a new wedding ring yet she's told
me that she wants to wake she's afraid
of losing it and we still have more
babies coming and she just gets nervous
with a nice wedding ring so I want to
buy her a new wedding ring and like get
like a really nice one but she says she
doesn't want one maybe I should just say
so what I'm just gonna buy you a nice
when I think maybe she's just saying
that but she really I don't know so
what'd you guys think a bracelet I'm
gonna go to the mall right now but I
gotta get her something she's turning 31
on Friday the 29th don't forget to tweet
mommy tired happy birthday she's turning
31 I make out with a 31 year old woman
all right let's go to the mall I love
you guys all right let's see what we can
find that it'll match the beauty of
mommy tart that's gonna be hard
let's see okay you guys were here
shopping and I was just telling what's
your name it's hard it just why I know
it's not romantic of me to say this like
these earrings they're tiny
I gotta go good I could go buy our IKEA
with these you know the price that some
of these are but I know that it's
romantic
right
to mental value rather than a car let's
find out that's true because the
earrings I bought her some nice earrings
and she wears those like every day and I
see her like put him in the cage
achieves - yeah she's gonna she's a good
salesperson so I'm trying to decide on
what I'm gonna get here just to show off
our diamond she does - like I always
feel proud when I see her wear the
necklace I'm like I remember I'm behind
it makes me feel like it was worth it I
spent a lot of money on those first one
so it's like she wears up every day I
love you honey
don't watch this to ruin your birthday
present right tatianna right tell her to
stop watching right now I'm trying to
find you in action let's see I I like to
bring her on things like this so like
honey just tell me what you like which
one of these guys like these there's
these earrings or this bracelet that I
decide we got to figure out which one
okay you guys were in the negotiation
process reminds me of the day when I
sold cards you guys know I sold cars for
a living
there's always had like they came in
like okay if you do it for this price
I'll do it so then I'd have to go to my
manager be like okay they want to buy
this part and I would be like trying to
get my manager and do it because I
wanted them to buy in the car so I would
get my commission so now she is talking
to her manager you see
Tatiana's talking to her manager and I
told her keep me do it for this price
out the door I'll do it it's now they're
negotiating over there
she wants her manager to do it and the
manage
it's her job to get the best price for
the store but as the salesperson you
wanted to do it you want to get the
sample so it's so funny it's like I've
been in this situation before us we'll
just see what happens
good news you guys don't know how much
that's gonna be happy right we don't
have time to put her shake my hand
that's like the sign of a good deal all
right good deal
we made a good deal she's gonna love me
guys think so thank you alright I made
the deal I don't wanna tell you guys how
much because I feel like that's tacky
plus if I tell you how much would be
like Shay you could have got a way
better deal than that I actually feel
like I got a good pretty good deal I'm
pretty shrewd businessmen anything I
don't know but they're sparkly and I
think she like I'll show to you they're
gonna shine them up real quick I got her
a ring not a wedding rings like a
decorative ring and a bracelet I think
she's like them I love her I hope she
does
yeah this is funny okay so these guys I
just I was just talking to them about my
youtube videos and then a guy from sweet
no where was he from Austria I was like
where's Arnold Schwarzenegger from a guy
from Austria is visiting LA he came up
was like Shay Carla I love your videos
and so these guys were asking like who
watches these videos so I was telling
them like 200 thousand people a day
watch them and so then she says give us
a shout out come to Romano's pure
don't easily remember that if any of you
were in LA
come give these two ladies a hard time
and tell him you saw him on the
Shaytards vlog forget that listen I get
paid to do these brand deals you guys
give me that good of a discount okay
guys I think we did pretty good you want
to see what we got you might be able to
tell like totally close because I don't
have a macro lens for this thing but
I'll just kind of give you an idea so
that's the bracelet it has diamonds I
think it's made out of white gold and it
goes on her wrist but we're gonna have
to get some of those links taken out
probably I'm not even joking probably
half of that to a third of that will
have to be taken out cuz Colette's
wrists are tiny sometimes I call our
toothpick wrists and then here's a ring
I got her so this isn't like an
engagement ring but it's like you know
it's shiny and has stuff in it I think
she'll like it
it's really shiny I think we did good I
think she'll really be happy so the plan
is we're going to Vegas just like
stopped in Vegas on the way to Idaho and
I'm gonna have Logan watch the kids
while I take her out to dinner I'm gonna
get these wrapped up we're at dinner
we're having some appetizers and then
whoops-a-daisy out comes the president
of jewelry and I am gonna get made out
with that night all right I don't do a
few more errands and then we're headed
home to end of the vlog that's what I'm
doing today I'm excited i got this for
cuz I've been so busy and like I gotta
get Colette a present but I actually
really like both of these I think she'll
like them and I didn't get a pretty good
deal those girls were there were fun to
go give him crap if you're in LA go go
see those chicks and say hi to I I won't
I love this new song by Rihanna maybe
it's not new but I just heard it and I
love it I love it
right here Claire Park of course cuz
round and around and around and around
we go yeah like a ferris wheel
tell me now tell me now tell me now you
know I love it I love this song you're
so good something in the way you move I
can't live without you I want you to say
so much passion speaking of passion I
bet you there's gonna be a lot of
passion after I give her that jewelry
nudge seriously we're gonna make out a
lot check out yesterday's vlog and if
you're feeling lucky click on the feelin
lucky button Logan and I sit down and
have a nice conversation with you about
the shayloss five week challenge coming
this Monday we're gonna do another weigh
in on the scales and we're gonna be
shirtless every Monday so yeah there's
that Monday is shirtless stay on the
shayloss Channel I'm feeling good I feel
like I'm down a few pounds I haven't
weighed myself but we will be weighing
and shirtless seeing every Monday
Monday's are like the update videos how
are you guys doing I've been so excited
to see how many of you guys have jumped
on board for the five week challenge you
guys are doing great
don't give up go join the shayloss crew
right there click on the feeling lucky
button and click on the 1 2 3 & 4 in the
middle to see what we were doing those
consecutive years you get it seriously
we've been making a video every day for
knapp years you gotta figure that out by
now love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow be on the road to
Vegas
