oh look at uncle Logan fit in this
little sign that for you give them a
suplex give that little baby a suplex
where's your shoes young man
that's your uncle Logan don't put him on
the ground put on your shoulders yeah
he's fine like Superman
uncle Logan's got a little baby aw it's
precious
are you a Superman dude you never held a
baby before look at him dude I was I was
a little younger than you and that's
like me and you actually you're I was 16
when mom had you what are you 19 and
he's three so that means you were like
16 we had him you guys really like that
we're me and you are the exact same age
range as you and him really I mean that
crazy that sounds weird that's what I
had to put up with see my like you I was
the big brother and that was you dude
she did she just touched that top thing
babe you're you're scraping you scraped
do you even hear that yeah you totally
scrape that whole green pole is moving
look you guys we got this cuz we're
headed to Idaho on Friday and so we got
it stuck
you know like 18 suitcases in there
she's all paranoid Collette hates at
watch on the skirt this week I know I
did find a spot you have red shoes in
here yeah yeah we brought red shoes
major i loofah face all right thank you
okay find a spot and try not to rip the
roof rack off the fan well go slow here
go so I'll see I'll check it you guys
look go slow and then this was expensive
no baby I don't think I'm gonna make
that go slow go go
okay you're hitting go back there's a
car hey I'm just gonna be in the mall
okay good luck to you bye
I got parking here in this spot I'm
sanon oh man this is awkward
sorry sir we're just you know rookies at
the parking garage I think he's still
gonna hit it go Hey oh look at that
that's you a little shoe fate beat on
the shoes got your shoes good job
oh snap oh snap oh snap
you made it you made it all right we're
rookies at this parking garage thing I'd
make out with you though I'm just gonna
give you this face honey we just
realized that the same age difference
that's between me and Logan it's the
same age difference that's between Rock
card and Logan
because when mom had Logan I was 16 and
now Logan's 19 and he's three it's weird
to see it that that's like Logan and
that's me see I used to be tall and
handsome and blond he was five wasn't it
Logan came with us on our very first
date Logan did you think I was in
America do you remember wakeboarding on
our first date yeah on the boat was he
Spitzer yep I was so embarrassed why are
you embarrassed I was like you know it
works for me they're totally good with
the chicks man it works because I
married her hey mer I marry her did you
see that you see her she married me
she's having my babies to see that baby
thank you do you want a baby you can
have that one take that one not that one
all right we're going to grab some
dinner cuz we is hungry we like to eat
some food and Sun tart and Prince the
start there with the knife Noel's there
with the NAB Noel's at BJ's we're here
at the Westfield Mall we're gonna
get some food at BJ's it's delicious of
establishment then there goes the crazy
little man
you like the mall in the mall he goes
Logan
you need some boxer briefs I need to
hide your trunk
these are underwear how much me undies
come I don't know why would you want to
buy underwear in a vending machine at
the mall oh the rock hard go get em
Cecily there goes Cecily find the little
toddler sure angle them he's gonna make
an escape get away if you don't phone
yeah I need to get to Pho and daddy
needs to get a phone I've had this phone
oh you guys can't see it there are
cracks all over in the screen I've
gotten good where I can actually read
around the cracks now the screen is
shattered where are our children I know
you stole them no listen what happened
what what happened was someone ran him
over all right money for these guys
princess card how much could you sell
for you think I'm good luck do you want
to sell Rosalyn cash money
Rosalinda would you sell Rosalinda for a
hundred bucks I'm not even a hundred
dollars five hundred bucks you could buy
ten of those you'll buy a hundred of
those for five hundred bucks is it about
love
is she priceless they both brought their
babies robbed Tartans just puncher
people all right let's go eat what your
price is my friend your priceless slogan
on the Instagram on the tweets
oh good this do it for the view watch
this watch my mouth
and that is how you get a workout we're
live at the simultaneous handstand
competition it's a good one shake our
Logan with care we better hope they
don't fall if they want to have any more
children
yeah oh nice oh cool look at these
crayons they are square
you like those look I want to see roads
these square
Selah bonus per square money no shave
this is a square this is a triangle can
you say triangle true square square No
triangle triangle all right we're having
dinner what do you guys get you what do
you order it
all right one of everything for mommy's
heart that's full row Logan can today be
a cheat day boon I don't even really
really often okay good she didn't I feel
like she did yeah you need to gain 60 or
so give me everything on this page have
one of it all and there's a huge menus
this is where me and Logan actually came
the night before he started us a loss
yeah I know I saw the histogram picture
I follow you on this that's a keep so I
know the drill penis oh my god okay
alright we're have to get creative with
our dinner options mostly this is a good
question we need to do a video about
that slogan actually because I saw some
comments people asking what do you do
when you go out to dinner I have you eat
good I can get salmon it's gorgeous
portion size don't get an appetizer
don't get a pod just get water
I got what let me let me head block.fig
I share in my hands now we're on this
video number one to tip number one when
you're going out to eat food order water
to eat drink first drink two full
glasses of water before you eat your
food after that give starter salad
before you're late entree if you're
still hungry after that just make a
slightly healthy decision like chicken
on rice or something like that cuz I
promise you you will not but you want to
go like light Italian or just
straight-up Italian to bathwater Italian
salad pepper or arm
keone of pepper arm that is actually
really good at my straight into glass of
water what where we talked about in
yesterday's shayloss log about how our
bodies made up to 70% water we need the
agua so drink it okay here you go guys
there's usually like a light option on
the menu
this is BJ's enlightened entrees every
entree is under five hundred and seventy
five calories which isn't bad
he's usually come to these places and
you're looking at like you know this
burger right here this barbecue burger
is seventeen hundred calories a normal
person two thousand to twenty seven
calories today if you want to lose
weight it's all about math you burn more
calories than you consume and you lose
weight
so here is a crazy thing you're like Oh
shrimp scampi shrimps healthy scampi
this has 1980 calories that is almost
your entire daily intake of calories in
that one plate of pasta
another big thing her sister and I read
a lot of books and watched movies the
carbs before bed for bad carbs are
needed for energy if you eat them before
bed let me this might be a big secret
phone you're sleeping you're not using
energy guys do you know that you'd be is
a funny word why would you I'm gonna
scamper off into the we'll play with
Littlefoot now whoa what'd you get
scantily clad alright the food's here
would you get my guitar Brittany got a
salad some hard got the mahi-mahi that
looks really good 450 calories
Cecily got the salmon and then the girls
got the mini burgers rock-hard got the
mac and cheese and I got a buffalo
burger you might think Shane what's a
buffalo burger cool a bison burger guys
ever seen a buffalo - Tonka right that's
from Dances with Wolves it actually is
516 calories it's very lean I got the
cajon pass no complication Washington
area of the of the world I also shared
the bison burger experience so good it's
pretty good I want to get one eat some
mild sauce but they're just gonna take
him forever
dude seriously go stand right there and
ask take my camera and walk in the
kitchen
I might not watch what do you do put
some of my burger you weirdo
that's a crayon wrappers so you think
you're funny you think you're funny
putting stuff on Daddy's burger a
traumatic cheese Oh another numbered I'm
not coming up camapign to use warning
ladies and gentlemen and inappropriate
stories about to be told
cover your small children's ears I am so
sorry I cannot control these people kids
that were five and eight weren't wearing
bathing suits I explained to them well
who the kids are kids to your kids but
different people and different cultures
have different attitudes about nudity
and I said for example in my house my
mom was naked all the time
baby
she is not doing this it's the baby he's
doing it on purpose
don't be alarmed and the girls are half
they're sleepwalking
haven't you got that your whole life but
you have such a great laugh cards a
donkey no now you have a great laugh so
charge escape them
he's always skating let's see some
tricks grow and you'll pop shuvit
kickflip right here there you go always
skating them with his fingers you guys
what are you doing we got it go
I'm leaving sorry sir sorry sir I don't
know security okay I like you guys
everybody lay down on the ground or be
funny for this shot because I knew this
security guard was a felon we're not
really supposed to be in there anyways I
got in trouble because I totally on the
ground was hahaha alright in order to
get out Logan has to tilt the sign push
it push it
nice he's holding it good thing you're
tall and lanky honey you're gonna have
to go out that way you can't go all the
way around you're gonna hit the roof
just because there's nobody here just go
against the girl green I know it's the
wrong way they're gonna yeah go grab
that green one yeah told me you were
right I'm actually in trouble for this
because when we put this roof rack on
wait look oh she's going around you have
to hold that
good job Logan when we got this roof
rack on she was like I think this is
gonna not gonna fit in garage like honey
it's not gonna be taller than my truck
she said I think it will be I'm like no
alone don't be ridiculous
and then tree hit she was right
yeah the wrapped that rock went over how
close are we
yeah it's still missing it she hit that
you saw it right when she came in she
hit that green thing red man yeah nice
so what's this story Cecily is telling
about it the pool you guys are talking
about me naked talking about my junk
baby tard you tell everybody my secrets
hey char did you say that I had hairy
balls yeah you did hey sometimes daddies
get naked and sometimes daddies are
hairy that's why you guys can't come in
when I'm trying to take a shower it's
like mom what's for dinner
Oh dad faked it that's disgusting this
is weird
all right say bye they got it these guys
today we'll see you tomorrow dudes he's
ready good Idaho is your bags packed go
we'll pack your bags seriously we're
leaving tomorrow go guys
no no no you did too we are literally
driving Dido tomorrow go get your
bathtub well get used to it see you guys
tomorrow
