good morning it's the first day of the
rest of your life yay Zico give me
kisses go give him kisses give you a
pony kiss you when you doing oh my
goodness honey it's time to call the
carpet cleaner again oh hey I just want
you to know that I love you Kay buddy
I'm so sorry okay bye right alright
let's get this day started it's Monday
the first day of the rest of my life and
they first day to the five-week shayloss
challenge we think that's all pardon my
language ma'am I am so sorry I did not
realize that those were just sitting
there oh this is embarrassing this is so
embarrassing sorry so sorry they're okay
Wow sorry anyways we're about to get a
ten-mile run down there on the beach
we're really burn some calories you
ready to pick up your glasses off he
owed me here we go back for my run I'm
gonna tell you guys a little secret to
life right now you want to start your
day off right
you're so delicious I love you Shh hey
so I'm just looking at the video
responses for our very first day one
five week challenge and I am shocked at
how many video responses that you guys
have left check this out look at this
these are all of you guys that have left
video responses talking about your five
week challenge there's three pages of
this many videos look at this this is
one page there's three pages of these
video responses that is a lot of people
doing this five week challenge find
people I know people that have made
really good friend
this way find people within these video
responses and go talk to them
see what they're doing because not
everybody has the same body I'm trying
to lose weight
Logan's trying to gain weight some of
you are thinner and need to get in
better shape some of you are fatter and
need to get in better shape so find what
was somebody that has kind of like the
same body type and try to like do what
each other does the way you find these
video responses if you just you're
watching the video here on YouTube if
you scroll down you'll see right here it
says video responses and then there's
always two if you click on the video
responses on the page that will open up
all the video responses right here then
another thing that's super important I'm
not sure crap I can't leave I don't tell
you guys this this will help you lose
weight and get healthy more than
anything if you come right here to this
button if you hover your little mouse
over it turns green oh actually it
doesn't but just go ahead and just hover
your little mouse and click that that'll
burn oh it turns green after you click
it you got to turn the thumb screen
that's what you got to do that burns at
like 2.3 calories and that's how you
lose weight you burn calories look on
this video right now turn that thumb
green you want to lose some weight come
on I'm just tricking you into thumbs up
in my video hey I need you to give me
some ideas just ideas
weren't they sneaking upon us and would
you like some red and white and blue
wave on forever fourth of July
patriotism
um no cuz we can't take a diet home if
you can't take it with you can't take a
west Idaho we're at the home skillet
depot are we getting a new frigerator
technology's crazy we've created these
boxes of cool air to keep all of our
food in what it's a lot of thin space
bro they just came on the PA from here
in the Home Depot and said remember
there is no running or climbing ladders
in the Home Depot and no skating
including skate shoes they've actually
made a PA with in a public service
announcement that you can't use Healy's
in the home depot we're here grabbing
some hardware for the roof rack for our
fans we can go home go ahead at home on
Friday 1:00 on Friday Friday we're
headed home we're gonna stop in Vegas
and we're gonna celebrate Colette's
birthday in Vegas - she's a party girl
wow that thing will blow yeah what's it
called
max air where's the button let's find it
turn it on look there's the arm okay
okay
you should take all your hair out let
your hair blow
oh really gonna do hey there's a home
people were correctly sorry sir that she
just wanted to test out your it's not
enough air let's go you're embarrassing
me oh cool edge she's a crazy lady what
happened did it get faster I love her
hey you can't hide your giant guts
together I bet you they saw snow mean
and being crazy in here they thought
I'll play the public service
announcement we've got some crazies I'm
33 and you're 31 and they have to turn
on the PA the safety PA because of us 50
years old and us being giving I want to
get in trouble at the Home Depot with
you or 50 years
do you need some curtains beautiful and
so natural-looking practice a lot of
that now we're in the mall my husband's
weird you're never going to get anywhere
this is why we come to the mall we can
get fit on the escalator you look so
much better now I can't believe the
difference that made nice having Logan
live with us because we can go on early
morning errands and have him watch the
kids at the park again it's a beautiful
day so we had to come early today to
fall asleep just runnin I'm not the
monster but I can pretend I'm not packed
enough to be a monster you guys would
beat me every time potty touch TMI for
you guys sorry about that
are you feeding the turtle again oh
you're so nice he was so hungry Oh yum
yum feed the mr. turtle what might help
me oh I'm sure do
where's his food get his food
oh that's turtle food oh that really is
food don't eat that you're gonna give it
to the turtle and give it to the turtle
he loves Cheerios sorry guys
okay be the turtle or do you need to go
potty okay there you go yum yum yum yum
Yum's all right daddy don't eat it yeah
spit it out spit it out spit it out
you stinker but that's not for you
somebody's old cheerio you guys saw it
real time that's what happens at the
park you don't watch your kids close
don't eat Cheerios in the ground that
row okay we got a babysitter Seuss go
loose this is watching the kids and we
are going to Sports Chalet because we
need to find a rack to go on top of the
van to put all of our luggage because
the zekiel is gonna be in the back seat
no I'm sayin wait a minute come over
here hurry sir see hurt free free we got
a blue light special and hot chicks blue
light special on hot chicks aisle ll
love love you love love okay
we got mr. pink shirt hanging out today
hey mr. pink shirt guy how shayloss day
one it's been good so far
and I ran nine and a half miles in the
sand on the beach and feel amazing which
swing got a salad and a juice and I'm
feeling healthy say we're gonna find us
so glad to find a luggage rack or some
junk some junk or luggage rack junk
Logan McCain mr. pink sir hand off of
that junk are you doing yeah I just sit
on the mat I remember the cheerleaders
that they would like if there was no
other events if there was no basketball
no football no cross country then the
cheerleaders would come to wrestling
hold on I want to remember thinking for
something first before you remember
thinking I hated it because I hated when
the cheerleaders came because you'd wear
the singlet and you're freaking strong
is like poking out everywhere it's like
oh great the cheerleaders are here today
they're gonna see my goods
did you see their wieners it's like
there's outfits
what school administrators and officials
change the wrestling outfit there's too
much ball and penis action going on at
these events
did you ever wrestle you weren't into
the ball and penis action dude that was
the worst part of wrestling I was like I
wore my sweats I member like like
seconds before I almost like one time
honestly I purposely forgot to take my
sweats off because I thought maybe they
won't make me take my sweats off and I
ran out there and like your ticker so
it's often like here comes my gym I feel
like I was embarrassed or ashamed of my
junk it's just you know it's like a
weird thing the problem with coming to
the Sports Chalet is I want to buy
everything I want to get a kayak would
that be cool to take a Kyle count on the
ocean looks like I have all these things
that I never use in clubs like you're
never gonna use that I have some things
that I've bought and I told surfboards
mainly I'm like baby I'm gonna start
getting too disturbing I'm gonna be a
good surfer and I really haven't done
that but I've used like my bikes and my
skateboard yet yet I'm gonna shred I'm
gonna shred all right let's go let's go
we got a thing show Logan we don't have
the top part since you already stole
these response for this video this is
not a brand the deal this is not a
Brenda but we're gonna go install these
on top of the vans so that we can stuff
all of our luggage so that Zeke can come
with us back to Idaho for the 4th of
July hey guys we've been watching all
you guys awesome video responses and
they're totally perfect hit the feeling
lucky button to go view our first
workout video and go work it out were
you mad when I woke you up this morning
by playing on your arm dude I thought
that was a dream that was I was pulled
on your armpit hair check out
yesterday's vlog and click on the 1 2 3
& 4 in the middle to see what we're
doing those consecutive years you guys
know how this works
also a new Shay beard is up I forgot to
promote it Shay beard episode 6 a lot of
people saying if there
favorite I kind of actually feel like
these are getting better and better as
they go go watch the new one
the feelin lucky button is the new Shay
las video where we work out on the beach
I love you guys see you tomorrow
