I think we're gonna do the video diary
are you ready
like your namesake
we are having another same
let's shave who shave beard
nothing your logic is fool boys are just
a fool our kids are in there somewhere
somewhere in this general area sir still
editing so he is not here yet but we're
having a good time I love you honey
thanks for anything so much and doing so
much work says he literally has been I
mean didn't we just say literally is
used too much in the last vlog but
really he has been editing constantly
for the past two days
the shayloss video well Logan did the
shayloss video but the shades Karl video
on the Shaytards video yesterday and
then today stuff
Oh drama drama averted so happy now
ah seems about ready to do something
crazy perfectly for the funny factor
that worked out perfectly okay we're
ready you're not doing that don't get
any ideas
throwing Nemo dude she's like that looks
like we're fun I'm doing me and I were
just discussing how we've turned into
those old people that sit on the side of
the pool never get in class we try it on
our old swimsuits they don't fit as well
anymore so we gotta find some new one
hello guys today we are gonna make video
for today my guess is they be tired so
today they better than me we're gonna
make a red carpet I have a red blanket
we're gonna use it for a red carpet and
I'm gonna put pipe hot papac's pockets
on one side and bows in the other side
we're gonna do a fashion show that's the
background it's a scarf that script on
the stage whether you like it or not
beautiful with the little is flowing in
the wind
yeah yeah yeah
look at this thinking so much better we
got down here and he wanted to run okay
Mama's pregnant belly doesn't run very
well but I'll know his schedule he's so
happy I'm so glad he's feeling better
today look did you guys like his new
color we got him a new black collar I
think it looks sleek sneak him back so
as most of you know we started that
shale ossified league Challenge today my
very first feat of the shale off-highway
challenge is I'm gonna see if I can pick
up all of four of my offspring at one
time I would try it but only be pregnant
it's true I don't do it okay this is
called you ready
just like that that's perfect that's
perfect he's like his new pluck collar
yeah we thought we'd try something
different
you guys wanna see a video with my shirt
off
do ya no you go cuz I'm chubby and I
have stretch marks earlier today we
uploaded the very first video of the
five week challenge it has begun I
weighed myself I got my before picture
and I am all in
I've already been watching multiple
multiple video responses from you guys
check out the Phil and lucky button
click right there to join the five-week
Shay loss challenge oh yeah I guess
Logan has a shirt off most of the video
you're welcome check out yesterday's
vlog and click in the middle to see what
the Shaytards we're doing one two three
and four years ago today that's right
the last five years of our lives are
documented on youtube go check it out
