cute I like you again
get him what you assumed I hi everybody
going home hey everybody it's the time
of the mome hey everybody
son Todd is a crazy man with his hairdo
up and his pants all over Adam he can
grow his hair out and tell me you know
summer ended before school were to cut
it you sure yeah I'm like I don't care
but on Sunday he's to the point where
we're gonna have to start moving all
over that's what I had to go to dude
don't feel ashamed okay
the comb-over nothing be ashamed of the
comb-over I don't hey what is it you
better hear one take Sunday one a family
assemble be cute and funny get in here
now
I need cute and funny and handsome
Logan sailings Logan wake up and be
handsome Logan go jump on your uncle and
tell him to be handsome baby tarde go
tell him to be handsome baby charge jump
on Logan Logan how long you been here
now how long even at home three days
don't you head on here longer than three
days did he have Monday yeah no I do you
remember on Wednesday
why Monday what was one day I wrote my
cover I love
calendar Logan coming on Monday oh we
have documentation bro maybe it wasn't
one day what was I doing on Monday did
we go to the premiere monsters
University on Monday okay so we picked
you up after the premiere yeah so you've
been here almost a week almost tomorrow
will be a week how have you enjoyed your
time at the Shaytards house do you want
to stay or do you want to go back home
bad like it I think I was sleeping two
minutes ago all right one take Sunday
Zeke also is feeling better which is
good I made him a new collar we think he
was going through growing pains you guys
he would be like moaning in the middle
of the night like one of those things
that comes in spurts because he was that
way last week and then he was fine
and then I happened to get and I was
fine so I feel bad I feel like we took
him to the vet twice and they said they
couldn't find anything but he was like
crying like a kid would cry at night
it's like oh oh it to one of our viewers
because I asked in the comments they
said in the comments oh it could be this
because I have a Great Dane and they had
growing pains of all I'm like really so
then I googled it and realized that that
is probably what he has and the vet
didn't even know that were you at vet
how come you didn't know that
that's when Darien this community the
YouTube community though I'm trying to
use that line from dumb and dumber
anyways I'm stupid and what's like uh
but you guys really do leave a lot of
good suggestions so he's feeling better
we're grateful he's growing like a
fricking weed his arms or as long as a
giraffe leg look at those things
seriously come here Zeke Zeke come here
let's see right now actually come here
come here look this is the growing
pattern we very first got Zeke was he
right there look at this how many months
have we had him he's six months old and
he's grown that's like almost seven
inches we're Bob what are you doing over
there
see you see little buddy hey how's it
going
Ziggy oh come here quit you on that bone
hold on let's see how tall you are
have you run a lot where's your mark
this is baby tards mark we have marks if
Gavin's getting Sun did your hair is
growing like 14 inches um Cecily grew
too so tomorrow is the first day of the
five week challenge I am actually not
eating anything today I'm cleaning out
the system if you saw my Instagram
picture from last night we went out to
this restaurant and I had the double
bacon cheeseburger me and Logan totally
splurged and what we did is he got the
giant like Chicago deep-dish pepperoni
and sausage and cheese pizza it was like
two inch thick crust so we cut the pizza
in half and cut the double bacon
cheeseburger in half I had half the
cheeseburger and half the pizza and
Logan had half the cheeseburger do it
again tonight do you want to do things
right now we probably consumed around
2,200 calories in one sitting so I said
that was like the Last Supper go check
out my Instagram go check it out follow
me on Instagram Instagram appetizers
right
we had appetizers we had calamari pot
stickers
I had two strawberry lemonade's and then
we got a cookie zukie and a brownie with
ice cream boil I was delicious and I'm a
fat so now I really am hey we got into
our update video let's do it right now
take your shirt off
I'm gonna take my shirt off we ate okay
so Monday you guys haven't heard
tomorrow is June 24th the very first day
of the rest of your life you're gonna
make a difference you're gonna make a
change you've been waiting for this
you've been knowing it needed to happen
you've been sitting on your butt feeling
like crap feeling lazy thinking I need
to work out I need to eat better but you
haven't done it well guess what
then the excuses this is getting too
tight out come on let go play like who
are you the excuses stop here we're
starting tomorrow June 24th shayloss
five-week challenge is beginning Logan
and I have committed to make five videos
a week to motivate you inspire you and
enlighten you on what we're
I can't listen um I watched an old trail
off video last night it was called I
camera modes called
I lost a hundred pounds it was when I
officially lost a hundred pounds and I
watched my it was a video I think it's
from like a year ago I will leave it as
a video response down below you see two
video responses down below one is
yesterday's vlog and the other one is
the Shay loss video that I'm talking
about I watched that last night and I
felt inspired Shay inspired me old Shay
inspired me I was a hundred and seventy
nine pounds now I think I'm one hundred
ninety something pounds so I've gained
almost twenty pounds since I you know
anyways lost 100 pounds so it starts
tomorrow
join us go to the shayloss channel
youtube.com slash a loss we already have
one video up we can do it introducing
the five week challenge I'm gonna get
serious guys we're gonna go shop son
tards gonna be in it he was our first
workout video we went worked out the
other day we're gonna go get some
groceries we're gonna eat healthy we're
gonna do Fitness dude I am seriously
gonna take this to the next level so I'm
more serious than you are
it's a competition now who's serious
they have more serious isser I'm the
serious sir what you're starting some
time now that you're doing that sugar
thing now I know I told Sun tard I'm
back on the wagon for the no sugar thing
I am gonna here's what I said to myself
in my brain because I have one of those
I know what you're thinking contrary to
popular belief I do actually haven't or
a thought in my school so I thought this
five week challenge I want to take it
seriously I don't want to just be like
okay let's work out and upload a few
shayloss videos I want to do a little
experiment I genuinely want to get in
the best shape of my life now that's
gonna be hard because when I ran the st.
George marathon I ran it in three hours
and 11 minutes and that is probably the
best shape of my life I want to get in
the best looking shape of my life cuz
that's like is that prideful sylvain all
methane is a pretentious I want to look
dude yes hold on just hold on side notes
that better that's better sorry and we
still recording
I'm Ratan here I'm on a roll okay hold
that I rent I try to tighten loose my
things so here's what I'm going to do
I'm going to take this five week
challenge seriously I'm going to only
drink water that is the only liquid that
I'm going to drink in a drink form
unless what we're making goals we're
gonna do this only water unless it's
juice that is freshly squeezed from
fruit or vegetables but the only
concentrated yeah there's no way I'm
drinking anything what our drinks are
gonna be all primitive I'm talking from
the earth totally from the grano
Gatorade
what's that call not even coconut water
out of the thing but I know but I have
flat rocks open up water there's some
raw coconut water that's okay the kind
that we have right now is literally I
want to be like a caveman where it's
like if I gotta take it off the tree
with the Paleo diet if I could pick it
up a tree or kill with my bare hands and
eat it that's what we're me and so I'm
gonna be super strict what I'm trying to
say is think about this it's gonna be
hard for those five weeks but I've lived
a lot of five weeks in my life and I
have gotten the same thing that I've
always gotten by living those five weeks
so this five weeks I'm going to live
differently than I've ever lived and see
where I can take it to see what my body
can obtain if I eat all fruits all
vegetables water whole grains from eat
sparingly uh yeah I'm just telling you
what complex corals and lean proteins
I'm gonna get serious about this and
some of you who don't like to talk about
sheäôs on the Shaytards channel are
getting healed right now so i am going
to eat chocolate and liqueurs you're
gonna get fatter and fatter and we go
kami
dude it's a fourth of July burgers
I'm doing it no I mean there's plenty
I've lived through plenty of 4th of
July's I will live through plenty more
4th of July I want to do this five week
challenge and take it very seriously so
I'm going to we won't talk about on the
Shaytards channel I just want to give
you guys a heads up that we will be
going crazy on shayloss so come join us
you wanted the motivation looking for a
team to join join us Sun tarts gonna be
singing and dancing go dance any last
words for one take Sunday know about the
new baby does he have anything to say
these days he kick it y'all day we're in
church in Martinez ticket mami Turks
well I just bought them did you not even
lyin
I just felt them he's like oh yeah you
want to feel kick you're gonna feel the
new baby we have a name picked out
should we tell him not gonna tell him
do you feel that did you really
what if do I don't know I thought it was
me when mom laughs I will try to be
still hope stuff didn't come up we do
have a name that we've picked out that
we unless barring any like inspiration
from above we think we have a name
picked out um I don't know if we'll tell
you are we ever gonna tell them I'm sure
we will we're just not gonna tell you
right now but we do have a new baby
boy's name it down and it's fattiest
Montgomery burns what okay that sounds
good you're done filming I want you to
get out your trip clothes get some like
makeup things up upstairs you're gonna
do something wait we're not doing that
today at Sunday and I have some meetings
I have to go to still so I have to stay
my church clothes but listen you want to
join tomorrow
I started do the things I want I help
you be a teeth like I want to kind of be
a teacher
no like I want to give you like
motivation kid pool kisses whatever
they're called oh we're doing these
things the other day where she was
sitting on the pull-up bar and I would
or the curl bar and every time I do a
curl I'd give her a kiss
you can be my trainer dude you'll be my
motivation okay all right high five
also last little bit of information I
can't believe that this has as many
thumbs-up on it as it does but if you
guys didn't see we did a hidden camera
scare prank where we
scared the crap out of son tard it has
50 4500 thumbs up on it which is insane
I'm really actually surprised I got that
many thumbs up I did say that if it got
a hundred thousand thumbs up I would
shave my hair and my beard
tomorrow the deadlines tomorrow so you
guys have like 24 hours to get 46
thousand more thumbs up on it and I will
shave everything like a crazy Navy SEAL
which I kind of want to do anyways
because I feel like that'll like set the
tone for the five week challenge you
know what I mean like I'm in like I act
like I'm going to basic training shave
the head shave the beard and get into
the zone you don't mean like I want to
be like Demi Moore when she was like in
that movie where she was a Navy SEAL and
she shaved her head and she just like
got all serious got the best shape of
her life that's what I'm thinking I want
to do so join us you can do it
starting tomorrow get a journal get
ready
get some motivation and get ready to
change your life your body and the way
you feel join us tomorrow Shay loss is
up and running again I'm excited I feel
really pumped to feel that excited
motivated like feel the best I've ever
felt in my life feeling and you can feel
it too literally it's a matter of choice
go watch the shayloss video that I
talked about earlier right here below
okay we love you we love you as always
and we'll see you tomorrow when we start
the five week challenge ok bye go thumbs
up the the freight video Casey yeah
