hi I'm login here hello my name is Shane
I am the editor of the Shaytards vlogs
and I will be navigating you through
today's episode today's episode is made
up of two days footage from Thursday and
Friday since we didn't upload a regular
vlog yesterday which is in a one-take
we're squishing two days together so
let's begin with Thursday when Collette
goes to the doctor and has an
appointment bless her heart
I'd make out with her don't tell Shay
you're nervous yeah you're nervous
tell us why you're nervous because I saw
dragon fire miles walking everything it
was so funny like what did you see it
was a dragon fly hey what are you doing
flower Patrol Janek remember we talked
about not picking the flowers I didn't I
think and did it yeah guys can get
really big but they're not mean I okay
zombie card and Z he's just basking in
the Sun he wants a yard so bad he's just
like a trash this is so nice no way I
don't know what's going on guys hey no
no no don't squish him just krishana if
you're gonna pick it I gotta take care
of them okay no more picking okay no
more picking oh it's locked yes it is so
I told the kids it was time to go play
at the partner rock track was so super
excited and then we left when we got to
the park and now look who's my sleeping
angel now I feel bad that you fell
asleep because he loves going to the
park but I will have building a much so
reckoning is just my little baby still
even more such a big boy
hi are you having fun yeah don't drink
any of it not in one single bite
Oh skittles it's not a sugar day it's my
lunch
boo boo I've been pretty locks from the
sugar day since summer started I need to
get back on the wagon but for some
reason I'm just like me yeah every time
I'm pregnant that's the time the worry
should be the most healthy right cuz you
know you're growing a child inside of
you seem to be really super healthy but
it's harder to have the willpower when
I'm pregnant
I don't know why I crave all the bad
stuff and I don't care as much maybe
just cuz I know I'm getting bigger that
shouldn't matter it shouldn't matter
like the kind of nutrients you're
feeding your baby but not like oh I'm
pregnant I can eat whatever I want
no that's when you need to eat the most
healthy right baby bird I need eat
healthy
no don't see the boys don't take it all
we can't you know what are you sleeping
he'll choke you silly bones are you guys
doing yeah these swings aren't nothing
compared to the ones at the beach are
they aren't nothing so smart they
nothing compared to them ones at the
beach you know their beaches one book to
D is another appointment tape it's
actually not my five month appointment
which is tomorrow this is the special
appointment it's called
a an anatomy ultrasound so we're going
to do another ultrasound but they're
going to like go into depth looking all
the anatomy and make sure all the organs
are running properly and all that stuff
in the baby the che was a really bummed
that he couldn't come he had to finish
of an important edit and then he's had
like three meetings today kind of a
crazy day so he couldn't come and this
is sort of a last-minute appointment
that I threw in the schedule Oh exciting
car oh my goodness another bill kristol
yes
okay table good everything about the
baby first okay so how old are your like
it um nine eight six almost six and
three matters yes hope but girls are
super excited
boy they're kind of just like in
different yeah they're excited it's a
boy but I don't really care about
helping yeah so this is a part of the
brain oh wow
there's his face looks pretty creepy
okay keeping keep turning away little
camera-shy
hokey remove that real quick coming all
over the place walking with a sonic seen
that can you see him a little bit mm-hmm
and his arm blocking around right very
camera shy Oh blob hey good move your
arms I'm just comfortable where I can
take a lot there's a few pictures on
there I see that she printed me out
these pictures of his face and then I
get to take home the whole DVD of it
there were some fun shots in there but
not very many you wouldn't show us his
face
show me your face little baby I would do
your boos so now I'm just waiting for
the doctor to come in that was the nurse
that took the ultrasound and then the
doctor is going to come in and review it
and show me how the organs are and how
everything is illegitimate oh so I just
finished with my appointment it was kind
of funny because after the nurse left I
thought that we were done with the whole
ultrasound but then once a doctor came
in he took another look and he got some
really good pictures of the baby three
genes
oh okay tell me anyway so there's some
really cool 3d images that I wanted to
show you guys and it blows my mind cuz
I've never had that done with any of the
kids
so anyways check it out hey everybody
it's me the new baby just chilling here
and mommy tarts placenta hahaha dude a
few months great to meet you guys
alright we just finished dinner we had
teriyaki chicken teriyaki chicken half
of the peppers and rice and Brussels
sprouts and cool and now the boys are
watching an epic game of what is this
the final game seven that's all I'm not
paying any attention
are you guys like totes totes pumped
yeah oh okay he looks like he's out but
out of time yes we enjoyed my guys day
pinky and daddy is at a meeting tonight
somebody's not with us but dinner was
really good honey we'll save you some
isn't that little fetus just adorable
you just want to pinch his cheeks now
let's move on to Friday's footage where
Shea Logan and Sun tart head to the
beach to film some footage for the new
shayloss series coming up Monday June
24th you should join fatso
that wasn't nice today is Friday June
21st
officially the very first day of summer
and you guys know we're starting
shayloss the five-week challenge on
Monday the 24th but I figure I'm just
gonna start today it's the first day of
summer and I've been feeling like
excited that we're gonna get into this
five week challenge I was gonna start
feeling good and shape again because I
have gained like 15 pounds over the last
three months so today is the first day
we are headed to the beach right now to
exercise that pump going who's ready to
cry and sweat and throw up yeah dog it's
gonna be a party up in here
guys
yeah that's kind of what I'm talking
about here's the behind-the-scenes Logan
has a GoPro in his pants we're going to
try to get a shot from the top of the
rope shooting us down yeah so he's going
to set up the shot right now this counts
as exercise too I guess
dang it I turn the camera Logan got to
the top of the rope and he reached in to
grab the GoPro I think starts slipping
on the rope and so then he dropped the
GoPro like 20 feet down ground Heat fans
23 to the Sam house a big fail so now
I'm gonna try it's a lot easier from
down here it up there scary up there you
might want to have it on and they just
click record I'm gonna get up there
you're gonna climb up again yeah I'll
come and forget it that one shot so I'll
climb up set it up I don't know if I'll
be able to do it up right go there he
goes dude it's a lot higher than it
looks when you get up there if you fall
I don't know about death but broken
bones for sure you got centered spotty
in him you can do it if you don't set up
the beacon the helicopter will never
find us that smart
you grab the pool
don't fall please don't fall I don't
know what I would do
should I catch him no and sad that I'm
recording this just in case he falls did
you get it you got to press it hold it I
was up there I bet you have it there it
was but like it was turning on oh that's
hard and scary it is haha
really hurt my testicles dartie
recording you ready hey Dad oh you
kicking sand my eyes
ah all about okay try that shot the
biggest workout of all is trying to get
these GoPro shots we're trying to be all
cinematography yes cinema toss of a
cinnamon wrapping cinnamon challenge huh
cinematographic we're about killing
ourselves trying to get the GoPro on the
top of this rope I have some burns on my
feet out
oh hi sorry coach I'm covered oh my god
oh
shoot that yep that's a swing you bar on
the head okay we just wrapped on our
shayloss shoot you guys if you haven't
heard we are bringing shayloss back
starting Monday June 24th we did one of
our first workouts right here down on
the Santa Monica rings Beach I'm
exhausted but it feels good I'm excited
to get started man we're gonna be in the
best shape of our lives join us you guys
go links below to the shayloss channel
me and Logan are gonna be doing this
Monday through Friday
well that's Logan's job he's out here
for the summer and that's his job is to
get shayloss videos up so you guys want
to join us go over to the shayloss
channel and let's get started we
finished our extra CCO and now we have
to go get a GoPro cord cuz Logan has
been where you flex mom and me I'll vlog
flex family we have to get a GoPro court
to hook up to the computer so Logan can
download the footage from the GoPro so
we can use that footage to upload into
the new Shae lots video that's I'm
talking about that shayloss summer stray
I promise people you take your shirt off
take your shirt off and go into the
Radio Shack smells like electronics in
here would you say Logan should cut that
shot out I look like a huge like you
can't help that there's not much you can
do about that is sorry imprinted on me
yeah you Scott admit you got perma dish
Hermitage all over hashtag bourbon okay
guys I'm in the waiting room of my
five-month appointment
yes it's five months appointment today
so Shay's parking the car and I just ran
up here because I was working a little
late I'm always running late pretty bad
I need to work on it because I'm heavy
it's Maria mama does tech did you guys
know that she was on the news and she's
a weather girl on the Fox News you guys
don't know who she is
mommy loves check on YouTube go check
her out she's beautiful and awesome and
she's very smart how they're talking
about the monsters University premiere
that we were there for haha so cool
there's the cheerleaders you were there
I wonder if she will be on the news
somewhere Hey
sir just talk about your clear that's us
for me over there okay weirdo here we
are in the doctor's office
the mommy target he likes this chair
that's a drink this evening
what is it stuff the drink they give you
so they can check your glucose levels Oh
Oh check your glucose levels yeah you
drink it and then they take your blood
okay so anyway maybe the mother of five
children even mature yourself oh yeah no
sure that's a that was not they don't
put you in samples in their aura too -
ugh
put it back you're disgusting
I'm so sorry everybody okay there's no
controlling you guys go make up for the
paper you have
but there's a blimp you check out this
view man
there's the variety building that
magazine variety and then there's a
giant blimp just blimp in his way across
the sky it's lunch time smile if you're
having a good time at lunch time by
golly jeepers we're at this place called
life it's really good healthy fresh food
really swanky kind of cool place here in
Culver City
we have never thought before I think
I've actually got the chicken sandwich
every time I've come here now I got the
chicken sandwich
we'll show you the deliciousness when it
arrives
oh yeah the Hibiscus feet coolers from
here
we got a lot of food here this is a kale
Caesar salad this is the crispy chicken
sandwich on sesame wheat bun with
another little salad and these are sweet
potato fries collect got a quinoa
lettuce cucumber and avocado wrap and
this is a hibiscus be cooler with lime
wedges you know healthy delicious but
the good Korean will make you live long
time here Cheers to the fifth child
and life and the pursuit of happiness
and last but not least if you haven't
heard the Shaytards did a prank
yesterday on son tour now after we
scared the crap out of SunGard if you
haven't seen that video links below we
decided to get the other two siblings
rocked art and baby tart were in for
quite a shock as their big sister jumped
out of a box that footage is included
now her help hey go home yeah you saw
the camera I hope he definitely jumped
did you get scared
oh the joys of terrifying young children
so if you have not yet seen it you have
got to go check out son tards prank we
got him good and it was hilarious
I have said that if it gets a hundred
thousand thumbs up I will shave my head
and my beard we're talking going to the
first day of basic training style
totally gone everything and I am to be
honest with you guys shocked at how many
were at so far I always say I'll do
these things then like later I'm like
really probably what happened then it
does happen I'm like oh man now I have
to do it at the pace we're at we just
might reach there so click on the fill
and lucky button and go check out sudden
TARDIS the hidden camera scare break it
was really fun and as always watch
yesterday's vlog and click on the 1 2 3
& 4 in the middle to see what the
Shaytards were doing those consecutive
years you know I'm saying your
girlfriend will see you tomorrow
