what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube oh it's been a while since I
said that but it feels good so I
recently did a car giveaway and this
video is that I gave away a car to one
of my subscribers and it felt so good to
do I basically had a bunch of people
send in videos as to why they or their
families need a car and you know I
picked the winner but the winner wasn't
based on who needed the car most or who
had this had a story everybody had a
fair chance so this video made me very
happy I was so grateful to be able to do
this and I was so happy to see his
reaction
his girlfriend's reaction you guys are
just gonna have to see the video I hope
you guys enjoy if you want to see the
behind the scenes of it there's a full
behind the scenes in the description
below on my new channel which is called
pussy so check it out after this video
but either way I hope you enjoy give
this video a big thumbs up peace
what's that everybody welcome to another
video one of the things I announced was
that I was gonna give away cars and the
hardest part about all this was picking
a winner for the car giveaway the car
that we're giving away is being driven
behind us and there's another car behind
that so when we get to the gentlemen's
house who we're gonna give the car to
I'm going to hop out of this car and hop
into the trunk of the Sentra andrew is
gonna walk in to the winner's house and
pretend to interview him and tell him
he's one of the finalists when they're
done with that andrew is gonna ask him
if he wants to see this car which is the
wrapped BMW i8 and then when he walks
out and he's looking at this car I will
pop out of the trunk and I will be like
surprise here is your car anyways I told
you everything that's about to happen so
let's get started so unfortunately this
gentleman his mother died when he was 14
of course his father passed away from
cancer
seven months ago so he's trying to get
his life back on track right now and
he's trying to his life back on track he
was driving his late father's car which
has like almost 200,000 miles on it and
we thought that this car would really
help him so hopefully it does and that's
it all right guys so here's what's going
on we're at the person's house and
here's the car that we are giving away
right here so Andrews going right now
and Andrews plan right now is to go in
there and do the interview so once
Andrew goes in there successfully I
think that's when I should get in the
trunk
we drive and part there I think we can
get you in the backseat and not have to
worry about locking you in the trunk I
don't think I need to be in the trunk I
think if I'm in the backseat hunched
over and you're in the driver's seat and
he thinks it's your car that's good
enough
yes I agree he has no idea that he's
already won in today's the day he's
gonna get the car so he's not gonna
process that I got in the backseat then
this day was long anticipated so I'm
gonna get in the backseat and I'll just
duck down there's no way okay and you
just open his door that means he's
probably gonna walk into the house right
now let me show you guys his video right
now while we're in the car diagnosed
with lung cancer
he recently passed away on July 5th so
this year so we're here I'm walking up
the stairs right now here he is hey
Belleville what's up brother so I've got
here on the blog so you're gonna Peter
this is Belva guys and this is his
girlfriend pleasure I'm Andrew nice to
meet you
I'm currently living on my own now most
of my family is back home in my country
paying the bills is pretty tough for me
to have a car every couple years or
every year breaking I broke recently
last year I had to fix the transmission
and then right now my car has a check
engine light and I can go above 60 miles
per hour roses is really like really
shaky like the car is about 12 apart and
she was crossing the street right now
what should I do I'm like took down
right now you're not gonna ask for
directions
yo you know what's going on yet or not
I'm just here for the interview I know
huh you guys are interviewing me right
yeah this could be the car you yeah oh
you want to sit in there see how it
feels going yo let me know oh you got it
no if it doesn't suit you it doesn't
suit you
we wanted to give everybody a chance to
see what it would feel like in the car
do something funny here I'm gonna close
the door
imagine you guys just won the car and be
like we just won this brand-new car like
imagine you wanna ready 3 2 1 go
thank you ok now let's do it for real
ready you guys just won this brand-new
car no you just you just won this
brand-new car wait really yeah no way
you won you want broke you one bro I
know I know I'm sorry I didn't know how
are you feeling
I don't know I'm very proud of ya he
deserves
he definitely yeah I know he's for you
you gotta thank you sir that's all here
man Wow I'm speechless
I didn't know you're gonna be here you
know you had a hard last year but you
know hopefully this is to a new brighter
and better this year you know this is a
good start for this year thank you hey
guys me my friend who seats up everybody
what's up
congratulations I'm really happy for
this I'm really happy I'm really happy
for you you know this is really gonna be
put into good use and like you know
you've gone through a lot so where's the
first place you guys are gonna go did
you want to get Chipotle he said you
know me my girlfriend always wanted to
go to Chipotle with you so I think
that's it it's been a long time coming
it finally happened I'm actually very I
feel like grateful and thankful and
happy that I went to you guys thank you
and yeah we did
