previously solar I'm sorry guys we came
here we took college to the vet and
hours later and $2,500 later here's
dollar it's actually worse than I
thought I really thought it was just
like something small but he's been
throwing up in the back and then there
was blood in his poop
so there's blood in his GI tract right
now they're putting this because he's
been having crazy diarrhea so they
actually said that I have to keep him
here tonight so they can have IVs
running through him and to make him
healthy again it sucks because this is
my first day back with my pups after 25
days and the first thing I did was take
him to the emergency because he was just
tired all day I'm he's super scared
right now
and what I want to say is if any of you
ever want to get a pet make sure you're
ready for the responsibility and the
financial cost because you guys know me
I'm not even trying to spend money right
now but luckily I do have the means to
be able to you know support my family in
this case and just coming for a simple
hospital visit cost $2,500 and he's only
two years old and it scares me because I
always told myself I'm so lucky dollar
never gets sick I'll never get sick not
realizing he's still so young so when he
gets older
I pray knock on everything that he's
gonna have a healthy life but it's
because he's so small that he's prone to
a lot of things so he's terrified right
now I have a bag of poop on me he has to
spend the night here so dollar or look
month and saved by the dollar hey buddy
so I have to give them away now and this
is going to be hard because again it's
my first day back with them and you're
gonna it's just going to confuse them
because I picked them up from the sitter
took them to the vet and now I'm leaving
him again and I'm taking them up in so
they're both about to be confused but
you got to do what you got to do it's a
dollar I'll be back in the morning okay
this is the hardest part I don't want to
do it but I have to so guys I broke the
rules as you guys know dollar and lesson
are my top priority and leaving them was
already like such a selfish thing for me
to do as dad as like an owner and I had
to get a hotel room because I don't have
a spot in LA anymore and I needed to
spend time with dollar and muffin and
just like nurse dollar back to recovery
right now he's not with us because he's
in the emergency room but I didn't want
to hide this fact from you guys I want
you guys to be a part of this journey
full-on so the fact that I'm in a hotel
room right now I could've easily just
not said it I could have went and you
know said I sucked at anybody else's
house but I want you to know that on
this journey I haven't been doing that
and I don't do that
where I say I'm sleeping I'm sleeping
where I say I am I am what I say I'm
doing I'm doing so right now I got a
hotel room just until Thursday because
hopefully I pray dollar leaves the
emergency room today and I get to bring
him back here and imma spend time with
him and I'm going to nurse him back to
recovery until then I think me and you
should revamp the rules of this journey
so what I want you guys to do right now
is to comment what you think the rule
should be in the comment section below
we're going to go buy a rule book and
we're going to get the best rules and
we're going to follow those rules for
the whole journey because obviously when
we started this journey we didn't have
an official set of rules we made rules
as we went on and then we change rules
and now we're like what in the world are
the
a lot of you are like this is not what
it was this is not what it should be
what we want you to tell us what it
should be so whatever you think the rule
should be comment it down below and let
us know and then in a future video we
will upload explaining what the rules
are also if you want to get involved
we need a logo for Team butterflied
because we need to launch the charity
and the charity needs a logo and we need
to launch the merch and we want you guys
to be a part of the whole process so if
you have any logo ideas that you want to
send this you can either tweet me at
twitter.com/usembassymanila description
below I love you guys so much thank you
guys right now for understanding that I
had to take care of my pubs like you
guys know me I'm crying in every other
episode I'm masking it really really
good right now how for the first time in
25 days I get to see my pups and I drop
dollar off at their emergency room
absolutely killing me inside but I know
this is a marathon not a sprint we'll
get back to the journey very soon and
yeah if you watch this whole thing
please give this video a big thumbs up
it just lets me know how many of you are
actually there and ready and part of
team butterfly and until tomorrow's
episode you have a chance to go back and
watch past episodes you might have
missed tomorrow I'm doing the craziest
thing I've ever done and I'm going to
spill all my YouTube secrets between me
and my relationship with YouTube I might
expose a lot of things and I might hurt
my relationship with YouTube or it might
help fix my relationship with YouTube
and I'm not talking about the YouTube
audience I'm talking about YouTube so
make sure you come back for that until
then I'm gonna go see our dollars doing
hopefully bring them back home and just
spend time with dollar a muffin I love
you guys team butterfly and I'll see you
tomorrow
