what's up dude no no you manifest it
here yeah no problem
how's your day going pretty good I'm
break I'm new to Los Angeles I moved
here like two months ago say it so I'm
staying here really wait two months ago
yeah yeah I moved here two months ago
that's so sick dog you know the beach is
like a really nice place to just come in
to relax like I like to just bring food
here sometimes and just eat you know I'm
saying what's up what what you actually
know where I can get like you're eating
pizza you know I can get like some good
tacos or something really drank that
what you drank literally I did not why
are you lying why are you lying you're
lying I know I didn't have junk his
drink the hell man I didn't drink your
dream come on don't ruin our friendship
we just became best friends so I paid
for that why you drinking it I didn't
drink it if I were to drink it out
grabbing I'll do this yo man what's the
hell what why are you drinking it can't
we share no I told you my drink up he's
still gonna drink that
I'll get your new stock I'm not drinking
that man yeah feed my name is Alfonso
what's your name yeah my name is Ramon
nice to meet you so what how often do
you guys come to the beach and stuff
just hang out why are you eating my food
what why are you eating my food what do
you mean
just eat my food I did not eat your food
how can you accuse me like that
matter of fact why are you doing why are
you trying to call my food your food
just took my food are you kidding me
yeah did you just do you leave yeah I
thought we were going on a date tomorrow
you guys both look really attractive you
got a boyfriend ah
9 you don't okay cool cool can I get
your number
no no you can't
just gonna guys at the prank it's a
prank it's a prank
happiness we're gonna buy you whatever
you guys well I'm gonna buy you ice
cream I would buy you anything you guys
why I guys on catch I got something
that's that I think your summertime fine
thanks I'll let you be on top like the
number nine oh really
it's a brand it's a prank it's a prank
the cameras right there what's good how
you doing all right now you know I tried
to get our hello girls today I didn't
get a single number yeah yeah that's
like what do you got to do on here to
get a girl's number they're awfully
Shady
excuse me excuse me wha some piece of
yeah
what what what what oh what Oh what
do it it's right it's a great dude yeah
thank you good good just do it's a prank
bro
what man clubs like that yo yo yo you
got I'm good I'm good I'm safe damn
you're on camera right now oh I'm so
sorry look I feel so bad I'll buy you
whatever you want all right tell me what
meal you want about your brand-new meal
okay okay I'm not even mad anymore
