today I'm telling people that they're
going to be a part of my magic show when
in reality I'm pranking the hell out of
them let's see how it went down yeah I'm
gonna make his wallet disappear you
ready I'm ready
do you see it is this your wallet yeah
okay pay close attention to it because
you never know what's going to happen
see how fast that is speed of light you
ready for it
you don't look like you're ready for are
you ready right you ready right you
ready watch this it's going to disappear
in three two
it's gone down I don't know how to do
that part of the trick yet you can tease
is wallet back though yeah I can try
I can try I mean if I'll be nice I can
do it but look don't lose track of the
wallet love the wallet see the wallet
feel the wallet watch I'm going to make
it disappear it's just going to happen
your wallets gone see you fuck it what
it's in your pocket so we can be up here
then I don't know where make it reappear
I haven't learned that part of the trick
yet why there is that it's fine more
people Hey what for you I don't know
what are you talking about Bacolod I
don't know what you're talking about I
don't know that part of the trick yet
let me try let me try let me try it let
me try
I didn't know they didn't work it didn't
work right there get my money dude
come back next week right make his
wallet come back I'm gonna need my
wallet back know what I mean my wallet
do you want me to try let me try
you gotta make it real let me try let me
try yo
ready three you're not watching two you
can lose concentration one I just saw
you put it in your back pocket what I
want my wallet back I saw you do that I
met Blaine got my wallet back there I
don't know how to do that yet
I'm still learning mind I want my wall
there I can try I need all of you guys
put your hands in like this would count
with me ready
me
man what up everybody I hope you enjoyed
that last video if you did enjoy it go
ahead and press the subscribe button
because it helps me out tremendously
thank you so much and I'll see you next
week for a brand new video peace my name
is Mohammed Blaine voila
