day in and out we see a ton of homeless
people on the streets we don't know
their story we don't know how they got
there and we don't know why they don't
do anything to get off the streets
today I took it upon myself to learn one
of their stories his name is Matthew
after hanging out with him throughout
the whole day he told me he wanted to
change his life we're starting out by
getting him a job after that he wants to
rekindle the relationships he has with
his family and start a brand new life I
brought you guys along with me to show
you how it went down
let's find out yeah he's gone so you
need a job yes actually I do what do you
do everything I built a house like you
built until the car together first of
all my hands flavor how about I do my
job for you okay
what's your job I want to take you
through a full makeover I want to give
you a haircut take you to the nail salon
buy you clothes and take-out eat be cool
yeah yeah you down with that yeah this
is my car is my cool what's your name
Matthew Matthew Fredrick Matthew thought
that the best day of his life
limas you're about to get a man
with you last night baby never never
he's unconscious hey like that's someone
play with my feet that's pretty cool
it's really cool my feet are in horrible
shape so I mean our works definitely cut
out for next period
Oh
bastard Eddie
now we're officially ami how do you like
the haircut
later
ladies I'd like to introduce you to the
brand new Matthew what's up like the
hairdo face everything 100% well wait
what did you tell us in there you said
something in there that I loved what did
you say if you tell him I can finally
get a job this man can finally get a job
I'm happy to hear that he looks brand
new now about to get him a new wardrobe
right now so you can actually go to the
job interviews let's go go
come on yeah I remember eyes that that
one little poll so I'm trying to buy
Matthews a lot of things but he doesn't
want anything he wants his work attire
because what's the reason I carry all
this stuff around with me I mean it's
too much stuff to carry around in a book
bag I'll be able to keep this nice if
it's all balled up stuff down in a book
bag we everything I asked him he's like
nah I don't want I wanted I just got
this it would be pointless to have it
get tore up
I understand I will get you the Java
tire cool daddy for boss we're picking
out his interview after right now so far
we have this shirt just tie these slacks
and those matches
he's gonna get the job we're getting him
socks right now he's getting the full of
tire but when's the last time you my
shopping and things like this never
girlfriend the way that my girlfriend's
mom dad whatever the possible his sign
said um wanting to sugar mama and that's
what I'm B mmm
let's go
how do you feel right now good I'm still
wondering why me what makes me so
special prisoners Mosby lovelies
deserves it just so much appreciate has
helped me out a lot
yeah man today's your day so for me this
is a place to just post up on kik it
rest at but for Matthew
what is this man this is home this is
one bed - than that come on the spot how
long have you been out there right out
of here a year right there are just
different locations around renovations
might not be that exact spot right there
but it'll probably be on this road or
the next one over PI we're about I take
you to a hotel we can take clean shower
sleep on the bed and everything but
question before that okay when we leave
and we leave you at the hotel are you
ever going to come back to sleep on one
of these places again oh no job I'm
getting a job
I'm getting off the streets and you can
promise that I promise it to you well as
if you do my handshake that means it's a
full-on promise okay okay come on
Matthew were friends that kind of like
this no like that like that like that
snap flew there we go let's go get you a
spot all right we're here getting a room
and we just found out that it is the
nicest room in the house hey that's the
best thing you got to do the less you do
a little dance as we did in ya chain
welcome to my crib this is the dining
room the living room kitchen that
refrigerator that only not open there we
go
those ravage a little bedroom back here
awesome nice bathroom really cool big
stand-up shower yeah I'm gonna live in
luxury for one night two nights nice
sweet how are you feeling right now
stoked totally stoked when's the last
time you laid on a bed uh ha ha ha ha
that would be last time I've managed to
get a hotel room but I would miss
necessarily thought a bit about a year
go for it
Oh Lord that's got to be fun oh nice all
right Matt you got to tell them what you
just told me about what happened when
you went down that went down outside
smoked cigarette and all the street kids
I've been hanging out with it didn't
even recognize me to walk right by like
I wasn't like I was somebody else some
other tours good job of them a lot of
you guys know this already but I'm gonna
teach Matthew swag walk activated
if you were to ever say swag walk
activated you activated my swag walk but
if I say it activate yours and this is
what it is ready signal in walk
Schlag walk activated
anything you want to say to anybody
right now like anybody who's watching
well hi mom and clean up nice
how was your day out of one to ten this
is a 20 that's it yeah it was 20 it's a
safety looking what everyone was awesome
okay probably the best day of my life
ever yeah it was great do the handshake
then I keep you all I messed up that
time this is my first time trying hummus
it's really good a lot of food this is
good this is good have to eat Arabic
food more often right yes
I had fun with Matthews awesome it's
amazing will definitely run into each
other today yeah hell yeah and uh take
care thanks thank you man you actually
really taught us both so much it was
really a blessing hanging out with you
and stuff I told you I see a positive
future for you and I'm so excited to
actually see it happen so now is there
anything else you want to say it was a
great day it was awesome and bless
hospitals awesome up and I thankful
thanks for the opportunities we do stuff
to hand up at the hand now
and I'm fixing to get my buddy Richard
let him chill Hotel yeah have a party in
the hotel
hey afford yeah when's the next time
we're going to see you working job
like the new
oh yeah
what up everybody I hope you enjoyed
that last video if you did enjoy it go
ahead and press the subscribe button
because it helps me out tremendously
thank you so much and I'll see you next
week for a brand new video peace
you
