hi welcome to coffee what can I get you
today hello I'm Sam Sam water
I'm sorry zim zam zam zam water you know
everything so can you pull up to the
window please I just want whatever that
is ends I'm sorry about that
I wanted it at least from the Zhen Zhen
Zhen Zhen I'm fasting for Ramadan and
only what that I can drink is from them
then it comes from fireplaces like it's
holy water if you want to come to the
bottle or like is it is it the holy then
I'll bring it out okay can I see it is
this Zemzem no no no no no thank you
that's nothing it's okay have a good day
happy Ramadan yeah I am fasting for
Ramadan today I am fasting for Ramadan
today okay I'm very excited very hungry
very a lot to order are you ready for me
okay chicken sandwich make half of it
halal having with non-halal
instead the French fries I want falafel
and on the side instead of the drink I
want hamas okay did you get it all I
want the chicken sandwich having with
halal happy with not halal and so do the
fries I want Philippines of the floor no
more
hello what's your name Roberto Haven no
Helen Tomas name is Ella Ramadhan
carrying in first and foremost second
Tommy Ramadan Kareem just happy Ramadan
to you and I will take a chicken
sandwich instead of the bread I would
like naan and then the side of roti and
very ani I
okay so chicken sandwich okay instead of
the bread I want none none none nobody
none okay Maria and then size of biryani
in roti falafel and hummus why you laugh
at me can I pick it up later for iftar
I'm fasting can I pick it up foot if
thought if thought when I eat I'm
fasting I can't eat it right now but I'd
like to come back and then pick it up
unless I am lhara Madan a bit windier
chicken sandwich miss my dear chicken
with hobbies
talk to my son hi I'm sorry my Baba
isn't very good with the English we are
fasting for Ramadan so we are so hungry
I'll take chicken sandwich one cheese no
cheese the one with no cheese but one
which you have anybody else in ten
is it the Bihar certified
what up everybody I hope you enjoyed
that last video if you did enjoy it go
ahead and press the subscribe button
because it helps me out tremendously
thank you so much and I'll see you next
week for a brand new video peace
