so what would happen if I walked up to
random strangers has to use their phone
and when they handed it to me drop this
plastic iPhone instead let's find out
excuse me I don't mean to bother you
guys what are you guys Canadian girls I
love Canada but I don't have my phone
and my mom needs to pick me up so can I
use your phone
I lost my phone but I gotta call my mom
cuz she has to come pick me up can I use
yours
make it quick yeah I got you Oh
oh I just I lost my phone on the
promenade can I get your phone so I can
call my mom a real quick call I promise
thank you there's a camera right there
so my girlfriend just broke up with me
right now and I need to call my friend
to come pick me up can I use your phone
to call him I will run away with it
thank you so the cameras right there
it's a brown one I don't have a phone
can I please use your phone real quick
I'll give it right back please thank you
so much I lost my phone back there and I
got to call my mom can I please use your
phone hey let me play it back right now
I thank you so much thank you thank you
so much check it out check it out check
it out yeah I just took my phone and ran
can I please use yours to call my mom
yeah sure thank you
that's right hey bro oh look there's a
camera right there thank you
like there's a camera right there excuse
me I don't have a phone I need to get
home I need to call my mom can I please
use your phone
thank you some prank it's so praying
thank you
