yeah always Weezy what stop it
welcome to the first I soak up the rap
battle of your host Weezy F Young -
cheer Weezy F baby we got two
heavyweights going at it today
first up on my left side from - six fat
nine Jemaine Cole Jay Kyle it's a cold
world you just living in it poppy and
all my ride the boy who could buy all of
his hometown if he wanted straight out
of her beat bees hook clown you already
know what it is Drizzy Drake ah hi cha
listen up I want a nice clean battle Co
you get up first
maybe you summertime fine I'll let you
get on top I'll be the underline I'm
trying to get facade you like the number
nine dime you find us here I guess I met
you for reason only chalk I said work
huh work work work hey no no no call
what you doing you supposed to make fun
of him just be mean to him just a rat
man I'll talk about his mama or
something like that is wheelchair and
I'm showing all that young thing busy
it's time to wrap the YMCMB outside get
turn baby you win a time Cole the night
is still young
drinking dinner wine slow I'm trying to
make the goosebumps on your inner thighs
show I'll let you beat me there as far
as finish lines go oh boy he did it do
it he done it boy no no come on yeah I
had oh sorry about that hello seizure
these two right here then gave to me and
y'all understand I got high problems and
whatnot but look all I need you to go
hard on this one all right so get him
this high profile caught you shopping on
me now I guess it makes sense it seems
phony you just and
just as phony as a smile fake eyelashes
you chew your eyebrows oh hey Haru good
that was a little better but you know
still not they're kind of weird so drag
let's see you top that
yeah I heard you good with them soft
lips
yeah you know where her mouth the square
root of 69 is ASA
right cuz I'm trying to work it out oh
boy Drizzy be doing it done it did it
boy the funding papers are gonna be
visit of all visit it you know I can
still drop you from YMCMB
I mean we gonna have to pick up calling
your spot Cole come on but get Tim time
hold on
hey Cole bad you failing out there so
I'm letting down the Vil man I'm letting
down fan I'm it's all good though I got
something for you what what what
so part of me man I'm gonna have to part
of me they say I read that deal too much
but that shit just a part of me this one
I'll do my arteries who haunted me you
JB I'm varsity snow field trip ain't
wanna see this real shit you are B see
the movie with your bitch in it and
listen it will star me whoa and boys
Simba crazy
whoa hey work huh
oh how that crap man haha
oh god you gotta you gotta y'all you
gotta all good
pity you got some competition doubt bro
you've gotta get it till now I should've
drove tell me how I'm getting home you
can find to be laying down in bed along
this powder my enemy is that see Megan
whop right now see me again gruff right
now yeah yeah what stop right now I
thought that in today's rap battle I was
your host Weezy F baby but we ain't
ending there I need y'all to comment
down below who y'all think one Drizzy's
rape or cold world Jayco let us know
down below once again Weezy F baby Trump
it I steal your girl truck fit t-shirt
it tell you
yeah okay
