previously so Kimo thinks he could beat
means be fun so tomorrow you're going to
be a local competition between me and
Kimo going down last day at Romans house
ding the team is so tired today so tired
like literally Caine you ready come in
no I want to say thank you for having us
come here I'm gonna throw him in the
pool today
whatever team butterfly today is the
last day at Romans house we have no idea
how we're getting back to LA we have no
idea what we're staying tomorrow
yo are you flying us back to LA yeah
really if that's where you want to go
like we don't have a flight you look it
yeah all right we have a flight to LA
I'm gonna book it and I will figure out
which charity Roman wants us to help out
with that money we're going to match but
for now we need to just relax it's been
it'll be a shark okay
Oh baby Wow did it
not even on a swim well I wouldn't be
able to grab you two episodes ago I
spent hours trying to get on this and I
wasn't able game got on right away oh my
thing okay let me try ready are you
doing this is my last child okay
hi let me tell you that here you guys
are wondering why I'm and like I don't
have anything else I just get on hey you
told me that you do thank you guys for
being a part of project butterfly team
butterfly I'm actually going to do
something today that's going to make it
make sense for why we're staying at
youtubers houses I'm going to ask Roman
if he wants to be the first contributor
to project butterfly's charity now we
don't have the charity set up yet where
where the money will go but I'm asked
him to pledge a certain amount of money
through the charity and when we do open
it up he can donate it himself so he's
my best friend so I'm going to open up
to him and see if he wants to donate and
hopefully every youtuber we go to so it
makes sense as to why we're there and I
think that way we can get a lot of
people involved and we can allocate a
lot of money
helping a lot of people so there we go
all right can Tibet you can do this oh
my god city or what's up project
butterfly the hottest movement on
YouTube right now 2k 17 now back now
back flip it what's funny is I thought
when I put in that random moment that I
had where I said I wanted a kid you guys
would be like oh god here goes use of
again a lot of you actually suggested
like short tournament and adoption for
me so the fact that you guys see that in
my future I like that I like that it
means you saw a different side to me and
I appreciated that I mean look I can
teach my kids how to dive like this one
should not teach your kids how to dive
like this
you favorite yeah that won't hurt so bad
no okay oh that one hurt
hopefully my kid can die better than me
I think we owe me something okay
I think he's up to something but I'm
gonna play along I'm coming oh you're
serious
yeah all right I'm getting my revenge ha
ha developers are breaking it Roman
apart
hard a-port when you try to prank Rome
it that was good
I really thought you were serious you
know what I knew it the second I saw
there was a camera sitting there but I
didn't know what you were about to do
that's why it's like I'll watch the
footage as soon as I start backing up
you win no that was pretty good yo
thanks for having us and everything
okay team butterfly baby the use of
things you can beat people
you should think you can beat me rear
room is house and I would like to show
you what chemo is all about you step off
from here I gotta do something cosmic
butterfly for this I got to make the
wall going on make the channel banner I
have to charity I need to find an editor
nothing's worked for that few points
what did he say when I was gone you said
he would walk here
alright rot me come here please come
here do you still have your Roman
candles Rock loser gets shot with Romans
roman candle robber gets shot like you
understand mean Roman get the shoe
chooses now who's this Emil I loose huh
when people didn't you guys get to shoot
me but it's not gonna happen whoa
and if you're wondering where I got this
sweater this is Romans because whenever
I put something new on do like where did
you get that wrong the way did you
actually sit on my card you Photoshop
that um why do you want me to use ah bro
you're going down
Photoshop man it's 2017 I'm so sick and
tired of the Photoshop psg so I have to
be anybody what is responsive possibly
anybody should be anybody anybody about
it
Barcelona right
game over game over I always have to
like clarify myself because I try to
make myself talk big but if you've
watched me for a long time you know the
truth
there's vomit on my sweater already
mom's spaghetti
I'm nervous from the surface toilet auto
ready but I keep on forgetting what I
wrote down the whole crowd goes so loud
he opens his mouth but the world of
gilma score it i over scores chasing
points more and still keep it alive
let's go let's go you wanna daddy's
happy right now
that was a ball my boy oh thank you oh
yeah now you got that on camera honey I
went early on he got that on camera
ten minutes in let go
no I didn't do was that word zero Weiser
they speak English you yeah yeah this
utilizes really good well exactly as I
thought
no surprises I have nothing to say just
the same old same old chemo playing Fifa
thank you alright first half is done I'm
down by one it's alright I wanted to
make it a little exciting for you guys
do you guys know me they call me the
comeback kid they call me the comeback
kid so it's time to come back on this
pin yeah what's good what's good
let's go away oh my god oh my god I fit
in the way corners and I counted my
manager good well you're not good
waffle you're not good I swear I don't
know how you have to on me is Mike and
I'm so good at defense I'm so good at
what you have attacked me like one
what are you saying I'm saying oh you're
there oh listen listen listen listen
listen
place it over give me bummer max wear
your own doesn't it listen bring it over
listen listen listen just listen just
listen listen listen listen
yeah this isn't give me one more match
if I lose country can get up or make
no.23 roman candles on me if I win only
one roman candle on you won't accept
that
just you have the right of the free
citizen you know you do but there's one
more match Roman get all your weapons he
lost no no no no listen listen listen
listen you want you to feel sometimes
you need to just get out come here I
want to tell them do an interview in
here stay out here stay out here country
can you come here first I get tell me
prank him he pranked me so much I need
you to just take him out to the field
and I have the wave candles here is not
I'm one who heard them here so just take
them out in the fields pretend like you
let's get a talk and pretend like you're
going to plan a prank on me am I taking
the fields and I'm gonna come out firing
the Roman candles Adam please yeah
ready I could see what it means okay
cleaning open it you like I took this on
the with fuse right there just go again
yep you have to hold it back here you
know I'm going to do a drone shot while
you guys are there right now I'm gonna
do a drone shot if you guys letting up
right now I'm gonna fly it real quick
and then we'll do it so guys as you all
know Team Russia does it once again king
of FIFA like I don't even know what he
was thinking having a big mouth and not
because you know when it comes to chemo
I know you guys gonna mean you're gonna
be team chemo after this but he's
pranked me so much I had to get one are
you okay okay I'm gonna go hide for
cover you should go get close-ups of him
did you get that should wash my hair
yeah hit in my dish please don't we let
me get both of that movie yeah coming up
good no are you Jesse I promise just
with everything that I've got I'm gonna
Jennifer Dickenson y'all never see
thank you very much there were great
great hosts and you know at least we can
see just clean up
you want to help you
together together together together we
do not see the monkey play through the
song
ah no fool part of you would like a
sailor
we are going to cover this area so team
butterflies getting ready to leave right
now but before we left
Brittany said Yusef I know you don't
have any clothes so what do you want
from the smile more store so I went with
a hoodie no more shopping I went with a
tank top I went with a shirt I went with
a black shirt and you guys are going to
sing in that for a while got this extra
shoe I'm okay with those I'm okay with
those I Love You Man hello really you
guys are amazing the brother still Bravo
so they project butterfly what we're
shifting right we're on golf around go
seriously man they want to meet you
likewise this pump today I miss my girl
we will have our little girl bout time
you leave my family but it's time to get
back I don't one thing yep I want to ask
you okay so we're seeing youtubers now
and people are you know they wanted a
like I told them to step out of my
comfort zone but now I want to kill -
where's the one stone you know I'm
starting a charity so do you smile more
you know roller soldiers want to pledge
anything you're going to be our first
pledge to the charities when we launched
it whatever even if it's like whatever
whatever whatever and I get I think you
just set a record
world's dumbest question there you go
guys
so when we come to your guys's house
youtubers we're going to ask you the
same question so if you guys want us to
I think I got $2 let me run that home
now let's course all your photos but
honestly thank you guys so much country
king Brittney Roman it's like it's like
family when we come here inside a plated
little much more than just the video so
to the various family on YouTube so
Roman was supposed to stay downtown
today and he has a hotel there already
Roman got going and he has two rooms and
he said you guys on my hotel room so who
you know honey nobody's gonna believe
that but it is 100% - they don't really
have anything you know I have two hotel
rooms for tonight I'm not using so their
seconds that is so true I don't like
this rule anyway that we can't pay for
our own transportation or like housing
because it's like it's so small it's
something we're gonna have to revise
that rule but yeah that's what we're
sleeping tonight yeah you always got a
spot here so yo do you need them I know
you hate to say goodbye but I know you
loved watching oh you got to believe I
do you got that bro bro walk I was here
in Columbus and I totally forgot that
somebody I know lived here and she hit
me up yesterday and she was like oh
you're here and you didn't tell me so
she invited us to her parents restaurant
today and you guys know we're gonna
accept that offer and I want you to meet
Mia babaca vari vari Claus
look it back you just kisses on it like
yeah they're close yeah they all say how
they are chemo even does anything is
he's not affiliated he does wild country
we're not working out we're going to
each country how to eat today
how would you eat this country what
would you do lift and I'll grab
like what the only reason you can use
the poor girl is to put on your plate
all right so here let me show you move
your tea move your cheese countries like
that I put it here I you know you know
what it is I'm sure we've got the bread
think of it as nacho and it's like this
make yourself like the hills down here
it was the meter
show him how Persians drink Persian you
know what they took one this lip implant
a good name can just edit even sure if
you sugar cube cunt and the little boy
without Megan eyes give you like what is
it but this is very dangerous because no
they call me the Candyman I'm not
allowed to go to just no no no no not
like a different regime and you know
what under under your song I don't know
that yeah I brought your tongue and put
in yeah nice drinky drink to it yes
that's how they of them are illustrated
yeah see ya don't you let Saudia
regimine a quarter big big ones we start
on with our peers while they're that
this is like you're the move this is a
special you guys home
yes becoming this one is ticket ablaze
honey this is awkward than yellow guys
all this is yeah you can cane I'm so
happy I'm so happy I where I meet this
guy and I'm severe in coma so hard
I am honored oh okay Thank You angel yes
I'll give a treat
I'm very happy we love you guys mother
did you know about to come off did you
come up yes look about Darwin and cool
it at Bob okay so what is your view I
want it
I told country I said want to see
something funny go try to give him up
whore and favor them right away
no I hope you're wondering who we ate
off because they were so generous they
kept the restaurant open for us they let
us come in they stuff those oh my pack
gave us dessert gave us mailboxes so
yeah thank you guys so much thank you
for coming no my dad tell me he doesn't
remind you of my dad right now
no my dad my dad air particle I should
pick for you to harden the neck I know
that we call me crazy make the panel I
don't know if make the bed no no no it's
make the bet you and I did look like
what do you want what do I get what do
you want what do I get whatever you want
name anything right now so since this is
not going on camera right now okay yeah
so I'm going to put him on blast right
now he's horrible texting me okay but
who knows I love it
so this is what I'm gonna do okay if I
win this bit yeah family vacation we go
with some way okay
although but I want anybody I want to do
that even you know if it was to listen
listen okay and I mean just spoiling
this do that okay on what top-notch
service okay okay first class pics okay
I like this okay and I want to get
chauffeured everywhere okay like whether
you're driving somebody driving pants or
my drive chauffeur
okay and all yeah people do it so that's
what's going to happen
it's McGregor beeps Mayweather we got
into a little thing in the car and I
said Mayweather was gonna III just
missed the fight as a joke and I said
Mayweather was going to win he said
McGregor is going I want you all to
remember this episode for the underdog
all right because he and I'm a big
mayweather Fame but I'm going for the
underdog because I have no choice I'm
gonna win this back all right
and if I win if you would I want you to
get matching tattoos with me I get the
ticket you know what almost I'll do it
I'm going to tell you what I was doing
because if you're going to get a tattoo
I know you're going to get the right
thing okay so stop believing that there
we go
remember this episode Mayweather miss
McGregor is going vs McGregor is going
down there you go there you go August 26
I believe is going down and I swear to
god you know what if I win you know I've
always looked like I'll try to get
tickets to the fight and we'll do it for
the episode and it will be there so we
can watch it live and you got to come
you lied yeah I got there is ya geek
always lets me up I'll hit them up
tomorrow and I'll be like yo I need
tickets to the slice say no more time
time for tickets Daniella Spain for
tickets are important
hey team butterfly quick message for you
guys so we've been reading your guys's
comments and a lot of you guys are
telling us to take care of our health
and our health is most important and
we've listened to you guys and that's
why we didn't upload yesterday because
we were just extremely exhausted and we
don't want to burn ourselves out before
we sustain what we set out to do during
this journey so we've been talking
running ideas by each other and what we
might actually do is change our upload
schedule to Mondays Wednesdays Fridays
and Sundays that way we can create
quality episodes and we don't burn
ourselves out by editing each episode
and we don't just like crash and burn we
do not want that to happen and we want
this to go the long haul so if we don't
get a upload tomorrow which would be
Tuesday expected to come on Wednesday
and the reason we actually even came
back to the states I've never even said
this when we left Gaza was because I
have to go renew my passport so we're
going to fly back to Los Angeles renew
my passport and then plan our next
destination and leave the country once
again if you want us to stop by any of
your favorite youtubers houses while
we're in LA be sure to tweet me tweet
them or leave it in the comment section
below
lastly thank you guys so much for your
support throughout all this
I am shocked that I have made it 25 days
I said I because I bet they could have
my team made its own about days but me
I'm super shocked it's amazing and I'm
so excited and if you haven't already
please press the subscribe button and
also if you want to be notified when we
upload you know that bail that every
youtuber begs you to press just press
that Bell button and you will be
notified for our new episodes and I'm
going to end it by saying I got a text
today and I found out that dollar is
sick he's been throwing up and he's been
extremely sad so I might have to take
tomorrow off to go visit dollar and then
Wednesday you will get that episode and
yeah I love you guys so much thanks for
being a part of this journey
for giving us the wings that we need to
fly and I'll see you either tomorrow or
Wednesday
you're on Project
