okay
you know why you're here you need to
think about what you've done if you need
to talk to me I'll be outside talking to
your parents you still mad at me you're
really not gonna talk to me dude
all I said was I hope it wasn't
terrorists what's your problem dude
what's my problem my problem is you
giving life to that word what word
terrorist you hope it wasn't a terrorist
now what could you possibly mean by that
I could mean a lot the way I see it it
was either the terrorists or it was some
kind of freak accident of some sort
that's bull and you know it you painted
an image in your mind of what the word
means giving it life that doesn't even
make sense may I ask you what exactly a
terrorist is in your mind the terrorists
the same terrorists that were in charge
of 9/11 the same terrorists that might
be in charge of this body it make me
sick you know that
and you're very paranoid you know that
you play the victim card without even
doing anything into your hand it's hard
not to play the victim and your whole
life you've been labeled is the problem
that word infuriates me if I had said I
hope it wasn't the Muslims would that
make you feel better
hello mr. Erekat hi yeah yeah hi I'm
just calling to let you know that Yusef
got its attention today so he'll be late
yeah he got in an argument earlier
Simon society's paintbrush is eloquently
painted a portrait of what a terrorist
is in all of our minds they've given it
a religion a color a bunch of
characteristics and many of the times
even a language okay Picasso what
picture do you paint of a terrorist I
don't paint a picture but I know some
people who might let me ask you this and
I donkey boys at his home in his country
eating breakfast next thing you know
bunch of troops storming to his house
fired shots into the air and then arrest
his father for suspicion of terrorist
activity in the twelve-year-old hockey
boys mind who are the terrorists are you
really saying that our troops are
terrorists I didn't say that a nuclear
bomb has dropped onto Hiroshima to the
Japanese who managed to survive in the
rubble was this not in active terrorism
oh now you're saying that our country
condones terrorism no I'm not but you
see you taking offense to that word the
Nazis to the Jews the slave owners to
the African slaves the soldiers to the
refugees and the press not feeling like
they are being terrorized by the
oppressors you know what it's like not
knowing what's gonna happen your mother
every single day her leaving the house
wearing a headscarf
after 9/11 she was labeled a terrorist
and her headscarf was the stamp of
approval
she was the picture that the world had
drew she was the monster that everyone
was scared of my mother my heart my
savior would have heard of fine well she
didn't have to wear it I mean she she
could have took it off you're right she
don't have to but she chose to because
she loves her religion and her religion
asked her to do so do you know why her
religion asked her to do some humility
to not have to share with the whole
world how beautiful she is
or rather Savior it for her husband for
you not to gain respect for her face not
how much skin she shows or how her hair
links for her true beauty to be a vote
through her actions rather than her
physical features and let me tell you my
mother is beautiful inside and out all
right
I didn't know that that word meant that
much all I'm saying is a terrorist
kidding anyone you meet our teacher
but it takes a special kind of evil
needle that I don't think lives in any
I'm sorry man
you said yeah
