oh my god I totally ship ariana grande
and Jai Brooks
it's j ja j ja ain't George's my God
he's calling is calling unser hello
tarik haha so cute what you want to
travel the world in the seven seas on a
flying carpet oh my God he's so romantic
you want to see the stars on a cliff
oh my god I'm melting oh my gosh you
want to take me to a five-star
restaurant oh my god marry me now yeah
okay I'll be ready in 20 minutes does he
does he have a brother
no okay I'll see you later bye
oh my god her outfit is like so bad oh
my god time texted me day my oh my god
you lucky girl how do you think
tonight's gonna go he's gonna come
knocking on my door with his nice Armani
suit and he's gonna have flowers in his
head it's gonna be so cute Oh Manny
what are you doing hurry oh then he's
gonna walk me to the car like a
gentleman and open the door for me Oh
baby just pull open the door for me be
respectful
dah my doors broken jumping oh my god
he's not gonna be able to take his hands
off of me and the whole time he's gonna
tell me how beautiful I look so baby
don't you think I look beautiful is that
a yeah
I think is that take me to a five-star
restaurant and that restaurant you have
to make reservations for years at bands
probably delicious you ready for your
surprise yeah ty you love me at tyke ah
then he's gonna order food for me
without me even saying anything
that's cute let me get two Big Macs to
make chickens two cheeseburgers to make
flurries poo fries and make sure all
this halal thanks babe you're so sweet
what do you want um big chicken he's
gonna stupidly go to the waiter and pay
for the tab before the cheque even comes
um so like I don't get paid to like next
week but I got like ten thousand dollars
so can you pay for us this time
um yeah only because I love you Tariq
yeah um I like I really like you too
Amira I really do
it's a Manny you look like Princess
Jasmine I love you a Latin oh my god
this is like too much to even handle
what's he gonna do after dinner after
he's gonna take me to the highest hill
in town and we're gonna look at the
Stars
so Tariq where you gonna take me now
home
okay oh my god i money do you think he's
gonna kiss you two on the night I think
he's gonna walk me to the door and he's
gonna kiss me only if I want to well do
you want to we'll see I had a very good
time a baby mom mommy as soon as I
walked through the door he's gonna call
me and we're gonna be on the phone all
night oh my god it's like the best date
ever
oh I miss you so much ha beep T oh my
god huh baby took you forever I've been
waiting for you to call me all night you
want to travel the world in the 7c oh my
god girl that's what I'm gonna do right
you ready yeah
