just don't talk to me anymore okay I
won't get don't okay stop talking to me
that ugly prettier than you your ears
look like you're from Lord of the Rings
you Hobbit your nose looks like you're
Arab Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer stop
working out so much you Guido muscles
are so ugly start working out a lot of
fat it's so ugly in there it was the
song about a girls
and so far don't you me too good like my
sister yeah see you piece of crap you
suck take a picture of me playing games
okay
I'm gonna tweet about it ain't you agree
I'm so good at call of duty ha ha
you know how many boys are gonna like me
because of that so hot nobody take every
ticket I'll be I'll be interested ready
already
what's good with you bro make it look
like you're sweating get me get me a
little get me just a little bit okay
okay title this one working hard at the
gym okay ah ah do you take it bro yeah
bro let me choose a filter getting
another popular page let's go bro like
this clicker I can't take it get in hey
hammer here okay yeah stick your chest
out okay ready
there we go one two three
nothing nothing's wrong nothing's
bothering me at home nothing's wrong
what's wrong
you let him pay for your philosophy when
the Arab guy pays for your life he's
basically asking you to marry him only I
can pay for your back you're fine pick
up your homework just this one time
please hello I mean how baby what's
wrong I'm so sick right now can I please
copy your homework tomorrow at school
baby of course you can copy my homework
very silly thank you so much lingsha
who's Rita
I mean Sifu these guys aren't even funny
bro
I have even smirked once bro I bet you
twenty dollars she's gay bro he's on
steroids broke dare disgrace the Muslims
all over the world
bro my sister watches them all the time
we just start our own channel bro it
becomes to mycenaean will break his face
kill him bro you want watch another one
yeah subscribe real quick I don't like
them I got dibs a lot okay
would you stay don't you okay I'm gonna
wait you hey
