what up to be ins if there's one thing
we have in common it's the fact that our
parents love their soap operas now I
don't care what language you speak
there's at least five shows that your
mom and dad absolutely die for and I
mean they watch it every single day they
laugh with it they cry with it they
scream with it they clap with it and
they know every single character and
their whole life story recently my
mother has taken it to a whole nother
level I'm talking about a whole nother
level she's obsessed with these Turkish
soap operas here's the catch she watches
the Turkish soap opera in Turkish it's
not translated it's in their native
language she has no idea what is being
said or what is going on but in her mind
she understands exactly what's going on
she has a sixth sense for it it's it's
incredible but I'm like I'm vlogging and
show you guys so guys the first two
websites should be coming out and about
like - - oh hi mama what you guys doing
Castle is my jam I take a Chevy so you
surf as usual
daddy somehow took modern jjigae mama
it's not an auto b doesn't matter
there's no translation I understand how
do you understand I know the curtain
episode I know every single one Bobby
you know what's going on oh how nice
before Lee Agha leave me alone Bo
since lamb mom are they in love no is
there any shame to protect her you say
that how did you know that how did you
know you'll have to be DeCinces coming
episode I know every single action they
did since the beginning oh okay honey
I'm leaving okay bye so because of this
I wanted to play a little prank on my
mom I told her that I found that
english-dubbed version of this show I
downloaded the video put my voice in it
and said the randomest things in the
entire world for each character and I
that my mom and dad down for them to
watch it here's what happened okay you
guys ready yeah wait wait wait give us
the book for news updates I made some
you should use please please give me the
blanket I'm so cool please please let
Bobby come on Bonnie please anything
else no thank you
whoaaa I screwed linen
thank you okay ready you ready yes okay
wait I'm gonna press play I'm gonna go
do something I have to go do homework
okay okay go okay enjoy
okay thank you Wow you see that who
discovered that so I did you tell him
that I thought it was ugly or something
well you did say he was ugly on Facebook
everyone saw it you liar
oh she she she saw him she saw that she
said that Lizzy's I believe the Fed in
Facebook Hector attack with photos on
Facebook oh come on that kinda chefs are
you know babies good lord ugly not her
father another girlfriend I didn't see
it well she did call you ugly did you
call me ugly
No get out of my face please El Shaddai
I got the listener to like that this is
not right this is not right
sure like security level apology well
how did the column a key that's a little
over the amassing please calm down
I wanna watch it don't watch good
straight the colotti to give zakah Lord
at the field camp in Matera facility
nice tofu Turkey remember we would that
happens yeah you're ugly you're stupid
you're photoshopped
I'm gonna take you off my myspace copy I
hear you I'm following you on Twitter
you big jerk too crazy
oh my god no this is not trying
gentlemen I don't think this is right
this is all this argument about he's
ugly and she's a con man this is English
for me you like it
no you know this is something strange
yourself soon the whole episode about
his eye somebody took his idea it's a
Facebook she said he's ugly yeah was
translated on YouTube that what would
speak mama speaks Turkey to have a
sausage Turkey bump is that whatever
some khakis mixes Anka evidence
understand okay get it was sitting with
him head friend he went out with it so
is that really what they said you're
ugly SH yeah
she's lovely why did that rodent
underserve that okay good in your hand
in my fiendish you want to resort to no
yeah yeah I won't mother best mother
good sleep mother would slippers
I feel this ice-cream evidence before I
put up switch I'll tell you something
what III did the voices often ask me hey
I will dress like that
I made it up there's something wrong
with that I thought it was wrong she was
wrong Meechum a kid I was wrong yeah I
know
no you just how come you I agreed in the
beginning I know you say you and wrong
no use of you so bad you're so mean
yourself I don't speak Turkish that's
what you don't speak there yourself on a
house I kept up the joke so mean please
please pick one calm down calm down calm
down
