the Sun will set on my time and will
rise super as the new team missile album
coming
you
you
this is war Oh can't talk this is where
it all began
and this is god this is hard it's been
so long what up y'all this is where it
all began and this is where it will
continue let's just hope this isn't
where it ends this is hard I don't have
any fancy trailer for you this time I
don't have any jokes lined up I don't
got any funny video prepared to get you
to like me again what I do have is a
question do you have the power to let
power go cuz I do you know they say
making the right decision can sometimes
feel so wrong and they say sometimes
making that right decision can hurt so
much well I'm here to tell you firsthand
that that's exactly true cuz I made the
right decision and I've been hurting
ever since you see four months ago I
walked away from it all I walked away
from the YouTube the Facebook the
Twitter the you knows the you streams
the touring the talking you guys the
Tobin's walked away from my dream
did he quit did he die Yusuf's not funny
anymore
you said fell off what's he gonna do now
where is he I heard he moved to Africa
like Dave Chappelle reading all this
stuff day in and day out was driving me
crazy but saying goodbye to you guys at
the time her way too much to do because
I knew it was just a see you later but I
didn't know how to say that now you
might be wondering where I went and I'm
here to tell you guys that I didn't go
to LA to pursue my dream of becoming
this bigshot Hollywood actor if that's
what you're wondering I stayed right
here in my mom and dad's house
pursuing a different dream of mine the
day before I started Fuji - on March
24th 2011
mama Eric had walked through that door
right there and she looked at me dead in
the eyes while I was excited on this bed
and she said Yousef no matter how big
you get no matter how far you get no
matter what opportunities arrived for
you from fouseytube I need you to
promise me one thing you will graduate
college my dad once told me a man's word
is all he has in this world so here I am
with this promise that I made my mother
and Here I am with a quote that my
father gave me who would I have been if
I had left to LA and get in fulfill this
promise that I made my mama for the last
four months I've been in school taking a
full load on now you might be like well
why didn't you talk to us while you're
in school I couldn't do it my heart was
shattered I gave up my dream to do
something I didn't want to do but I knew
it was the right thing to do so day in
and out going to school was the hardest
thing for me to do but deep inside
somewhere I knew it was the right thing
to do
this is a I still have that dollar that
I promised you guys that's always in my
pocket the only difference now is I got
many many many dreams and one of those
dreams is seeing my mama's face when I
walk past that graduation stage hold the
diploma in my hand and say I did this
for you mama so on June of 2013 I'll be
finally graduating from college freedom
Garuda but on January 22nd of 2013 I'd
like to return to YouTube again now for
all the people who can't understand why
I walked away if I wasn't longer why I
did what I needed to do
I just hope in the time that you
actually did like me I made you happy
and I make you smile for everyone else I
got one more question for you you with
me
you
