previously house are not Google are you
see it is a play it's not a great job
what how I'm Jenny
the chemosynthetic yeah with that setup
to no country government we're having a
beer my offeree a little yeah oh I hope
you know I never say no that I mean if I
but you came up to me I don't like your
videos but I just survived yeah Roman
what up what would you do if today I
stole your GTR like I got the keys and I
took it out I don't know you'd have to
be pretty slick do you think I could
dude I locked that stuff up for you and
got hit by one Gophers vlog is gonna be
fine drawings GTR keys and take the GTR
out I'm telling you that now did you
crash everything you hit it why would I
let you drive the Jesus I'm telling you
now it's a fair warning okay guys
welcome to today's episode just spent
all night game episode ready for you
guys is uploading right now roamings
Wi-Fi highlight point zero one upload
speed so it's going to take maybe two
days but it will be up it will be up you
gotta separate today yes I know go do
you think what are you doing make it
great I'm gonna go try to surf a river
like I'm not making that up
really peanuts I'm gonna try to surf in
a river are there bears near that work
we gotta go somewhere
okay how should we get there we got all
the way to eat per meter right I
destroyed take the truck
I could take the truck yeah Britain yet
to take the truck yeah for sure
check your uh the SUV take you to one
okay
very handy that's not that's not my new
part no we take the truck mine yeah he
should hug in it yeah because we just
moved it this morning
okay I to butterfly project butterfly
let's go we're late man there's a truck
in the way we can't even go to them if
it is not roaming no way no what
I'm thinking something with you think
you wear me for years in the car in the
car open the garage open the god that
makes a lot of noise pull the doors or
we go gray the gray suit sorry I'm
sweating
wait I wanna go to reverse already
there's been you guys know me coming
coming
whoa whoa project butter Fahad by any
means raspberries
so I royally screwed up today we spent
all day getting the episode up the
meetup was at 3 it's currently 3:30 and
I've been getting tweets like crazy so
police already shut down the Meetup so
many people showed up that police legs I
thought of me now and I'm getting clean
saying they're kicking us out there
yelling at it and we're still like 30
minutes away be congregating we're all
clear the authority to start asking
people to leave
tomorrow we're at the Eastern soccer
field
hey we were a lady messed up with the
locations a lot make it like a hangout
everyone get to know each other if one
talks he'll play soccer have a good time
Instagram pictures are great quality
time together is even better and then
one by one with you a minute let me just
go clean yourself in line so you are
everyone why don't you just like a
picnic and just hang out in front
guys it's off it down or yourself
stories and just doors yes yeah
everybody on the video obviously
everybody sit down
oh my god
and we have so much behind him that
everyone just person hey I want this
let's prove I always say I don't
appreciate pictures but I appreciate
quality so I'm gonna be straight up with
y'all I don't myself as a celebrity I
don't see myself and anybody important I
think myself is y'all the reason I don't
like pictures is because I'm nobody
special I'm just like you but I have a
dream to promote love and positivity and
I wanted to be an actor so the reason
I'm against pictures is it because I'm
too full of myself it's because I don't
feel I'm worthy enough for a picture if
anything I should be asking you for a
picture for supporting my dream so the
reason I want to actually sit down and
talk to y'all cause I want to have a
heart-to-heart and not just be a picture
on Instagram as a Pokemon to show your
friends that you met me
I do appreciate y'all I do want a
picture but I'm kind of like you know
like Jay Cole says I'm a man of the
people not above but equal so that's
what it is I say that sewing them the
neckline is can't get a picture though
pictures of anybody know like a fun game
icebreaker with an old laughter a black
baby let's listen to it that the woman's
on the beautiful receive know what's
your favorite blood
yeah but you know what your favorite
vloggers Romanelli tell um hi say Heidi
Heidi I want to quit make sure you go to
bed bait I'm up a little bit guys charge
I could do a show me no I don't want to
make my is to just like break all that
goes well yeah my more somewhat better
picture long video my camera skills real
quick got my bill signs I'm going to do
the same right look the guy who's gonna
be on the block if you move that it will
make it to edit No
I want to know how many of y'all are
happy that daniela and chemo are part of
this journey
yeah they they grind so hard to make
this journey possible so i'm so thankful
to them so i'm glad that you guys all
appreciate them I'm young walk
they didn't I said I should I even
thought I even if I don't even want
pictures I don't hang out it's related
to it I also have my fault I don't
really I would really appreciate if you
subscribe to my youtube channel of
course called a demeanor Dasha Marquis
anime nurse yeah
animators marquee and har and we are
kami and yeah it will just be amazing if
you like this bed almost described and
I'm telling everybody right here go
subscribe you just tell me a lower
thirds right here a bunch o so much
minute on it I love your shirt
yeah thank you sign a cake the cake he's
hooking him up
I didn't mean I'm here with your dad
well yeah he just picked me up from the
side of the road and he said you want to
go to Las Vegas and get girls I said
where we are I can experience how much
like you guys really almost like you
know I respect that can help us regular
you know what all these people don't
know I'm from the Bay Area so I was
supporting the Warriors but they're all
from Ohio
so they don't have a camera but you
still let me feel like that you
appreciate a moment right here give me a
I'm just kidding thank you thank you
ten more seconds before sec so when you
guys get to my videos before you go
crazy it gave me that not you guys over
to put on I got a review to reference
okay I just expose you to your parents
Oh barber we're blurring her face in the
edit man thank you know I look look
whatever fight look and move back
fucking move
let me move move bye yeah I literally
came out from the trees oh you have to
create a penalty would I you want to I
can yeah y'all want to take a one-minute
break so you can do a little song for us
how about we all have a seat real quick
wherever you are just back up a little
have a seat
well my cousin who would tell much and
when he what's going on for those hands
gravity's the most mixed emotions
contributors I need some guidance up
here in my hemisphere well son you've
been gone a long time
you are right up giving our online
supple little one new life stuff
stomer caught up in the system I'm
afraid so in Austin I'm so lost in my
mind never wire that way back into life
young episode what is it
Felicia you say anything yourself thank
you for being here I was wearing a pink
mom wear hat yesterday yeah thank you
for being early Sheila's got a big kid
so this is a spur-of-the-moment thing
we were going to give the money that
people gave out but he lost his wallet
trying to get here he had $40 and we
save about $40 so far we cleaned up from
way more than that I'm not the Egyptian
money not unless they did ten forty and
forty here you go ah
not good enough but here the big ball
game
are you the last one is she the last one
I wanted everything in the last 100 more
we did it once
yeah thank you thank you do you like
everything I'm looking at is really bad
you really had before so I don't know I
just wanted to thank you so much
I'm glad you came I'm glad your last one
okay we get it
I think it's not look what happens out
oh wow wow I just want to say
congratulations to team butterfly and
congratulations to this homey right here
give yourself a shout-out I'm here three
he ran the meet-and-greet today but the
fact that we sat there and took a
picture with every single person but I
hope you saw the importance of what I
was trying to do of saying screw a
picture guys let's hang out if ever
there's a city who doesn't want pictures
and wants to hang out I swear we'll hang
out with you would you not have hung out
for hours today all right our grain of
memory are even greater but we think
every person in Columbus who came out
today I'm so proud of the team it was so
hectic to get there but we spread so
much love and positivity so much people
today that's what President butterflies
all of that I know you guys don't want
me to vlog so much but I just want to
say one gentleman came up to me today at
the meet-and-greet and he said I don't
want to picture Yusuf I just want to say
that um make me what a crier go Chris
autopost professional cameras you can
work alone Oh recording with no
recording for takes rest okay mosquito I
thank you sir but what I wanted to say
was the gentleman came up to me and he
said that
keep out the same ways I did for the
street scene with Susie and he did not
go out of his house and then one of my
vlog I told him to step outside of his
comfort zone Mademoiselle and because of
it he met his girlfriend and now they
have two kids together and he thanked me
for that hey that's for a picture
all I want that's all I ask for it and I
love those the real interaction so thank
you so much human the best even videos
have that kind of influence not going to
help somebody between the world like I'm
John girlfriend on this journey I'm
trying to you know I have a kid the fact
that he like loops I get person that
that screaming so much I'm glad you guys
support me but thank you guys if you
keep my dream alive every day you give
me so many purpose so thank you so much
I wouldn't do this around my friends
that's why I left so thank you for being
a part of project butterfly of team
butterfly I love you so much and I hope
you guys all find your happiness reviews
videos I got a real country mom asked do
you really want to tell and help like
you know gonna go get back but I like
help y'all out and not in an ignorant
way of and in retention slavery
respectfully let me give you a dollar
how can we actually help by taking me
out of the situation better man how can
I do that by putting your rehab
of course makes you mad again how come
what is something you can go to rehab
No so what do you need to what we have
for you could be on it right all right
I'll call you have an addiction yeah I
got an addiction alcohol why would we
have not agreed upon today please I'm
not coming here for 30 years so it was
I've never been a troll I don't want to
having an open having mm I'm telling you
I know I'll tell you on the side I'll
say welcome in
what is your biggest problem right now
you surely are all good alcohol and
drugs what kind of drug cocaine cocaine
an apple all right how do you think you
can stop that you want to stop that are
not in it no you can come here Daniel
it's off I need a shower
I'm kind of thing man I want it like
what what can I do right now in just a
medium moments that help you from your
surgery simple to top what's not going
to do this give you another beer on the
up I like your honesty I appreciate that
I like that to be but angle lodging but
not as a friend you just told me you had
an addiction with alcohol I don't want
to get reports that it takes time no
judgment I'm not judging about October
take somebody to judge my addictions
good play I want to help you outside of
this how about I said instead of giving
you the $2 of beer I want to help you
get away from this how long you been on
streets will help you walk say hello
here would you change it it would you
want to change it I don't choose because
of our hallways right if you could
change it which I have good players do
this
requiring rows of schools right now
we're good-looking dudes right if you
don't even like you look good - you're
not you already tell but stop going to
get a job right now let's talking you do
that
addiction is a terrible thing
I'll tell anybody don't do the market
drugs alcohol affects cigarettes coffee
tea
so you don't think anything is unfair
anything it's all because of you like
everything you're not blaming anybody
anything like cobbler I'll go home for
sure I'm a plumber but that's good I'm
screws best and also you have the power
to change it if you want I'm an entry
well you see III Air Force I got on with
this tour like how people agree and I
don't like men
alcohol six-month mean oh yes my
memories my pain my sorrows my
everything
everything out which one day somebody
could take me away from here
you be a free man a happy man good man I
want that right now I want to help and
we're going to help you so let's get you
a place to stay for tonight
ok we're going to get you information
where I got to go we're going to take
you will get you in hotels we can take
your information alone was there not so
what if I pick tomorrow I can help you
get to the rehab I'm allowing us is
there I don't I'm not very very much I'm
not I'm G honest man no I respect I
don't know I'm not I'm trying to
understand I'm not ready let's go make
you ready he's my daughter and where's
your daughter's main with their mothers
yeah a fucking lot daughters and hug my
daughter
kiss my daughter will make you happy
your daughter your family no not me my
baby mom there's nothing
mont-dore I was seen her in over three
months
Wow she's 2 years old okay I miss my
face I got two daughters Oh another
daughter staying Kentucky hmm other
daughter stay here
I guess you neither one of them because
I'm Martha hi hello
help me understand okay pop you because
I'm not first specialist top and I hope
you get me to rehab yes but then
immediately your defense mechanism Roger
because I'm not dead I'm not ready I'm
not ready I did that there all the time
I was in rehab and they're like you
gotta get ready for my you know my
addiction bed oh because you don't want
to get hewers you don't know if you get
cured I means no more alcohol no more
alcohol where's my happiness going to go
right Stan so what
and I knew right now if nothing
respectfully tell me it's not in our
dollars and they in Italy Aviva I don't
want to go clear
I give you double it up thank you let me
go open to go grab a right now how much
minutes
six-five oh I got you the middle good
hot would you trade your addictions yeah
will you would oh there we go there's a
Saturday if I have my daughter mr.
Ferguson food I thought um at first he
said if we give him the tribe is going
to prove fools play full respect the guy
like straight up on three halves I like
talking into the whole thing
I relapsed I let me up earlier listen
listen you're not fixed oh right
we have got one organized our two
dollars we buy listen or hear me right
now on the stage look meme team over get
we had an argument earlier because I
didn't want to do this right I didn't
want to go up to people because I felt
like until we start the charity we don't
have the manpower the infrastructure
that help the bigger picture as much as
we want to be real-life superheroes
helping small things day by day I don't
feel like we're ready for that
but by listening to him and going out
and talking and what we just found out I
hope that brings awareness I hope that
shows that a we can't do this alone
B we need you see this needs a much
bigger level of fort to be able to
actual make actual change we need
infrastructures to help get people off
C's put them into rehab
put them into mental-health facility as
much as we want to change the world this
is this is much bigger than ourselves
and that's what project butterfly is
going to turn into
do the rest
No
doing this daily is hard like I haven't
thrown up in years after all if I don't
even know what it was out of that where
our team is talking about like we're not
healthy we're eating whatever our sleep
hours we're not sleeping like to get
these episodes up I wish people saw how
much goes into it we got to start taking
care of ourselves so if you ever see our
health deteriorating like knees are
throwing up remind us that health comes
first but it's all for project
butterflies we got to get home though
let's call it a night
I needed water alright we just filled up
Romans car with a full tank of gas but
he hasn't been answering my calls
I'm scared I think when we get home he's
going to be like you don't get me good
and I know some of you small more Roman
soldiers might be upset at what I did
Roman knows I've been trying to steal
his car for a full year now I would
never do it to a random friend but when
you're a good of a friend like that me
and Roman are like brothers you're
allowed to do stuff like that together
at the end of the day he knows if I had
done anything to his car anything I
would have I would have like you know
fix it or whatever so I just hope he
doesn't do anything to me now we just
got home and thankfully Roman is in here
Brittany was he pissed
oh yeah you're in trouble is he mad is
he going to get me back oh oh I'm sure
Roman is not here yet
oh man so this is intense Romans not
here yeah he still hasn't answered any
of my calls and hey project butterfly
team butterfly if you think like this is
the end of the night not we're just
getting started because now I gotta edit
the whole episode for you guys so I know
I keep reiterating this but it's like
when you put your heart into something
you just want people to know how much
goes into it so I'm not saying it to
make you go like oh man I just want you
to know how much work goes into each
episode so the all-nighter is just
getting started
yo real quick can you hear me I just
want to thank you personally come here
I'm gonna I want I just should we all
take him
I need we should all take yesterday
no I just want to thank you for washing
my car it looks amazing
good job door was open my car's dirty
all over it
you
