hello hi do you want to go heat with me
it is halal of course okay we shall I
don't care who know run beep at these
two marshmallows we don't care who knows
that you kick a masseur I stomach
growling my friend is he like a my card
my coffee and the beaches to normal guy
to love I laugh yeah bro number one age
to the hey to the L to the hell is
always wishes where I'll I'll if we put
all movie mean all night tell us little
action will get in a fire shopping
midwives you say I'm so hungry I can eat
the girl like my bro I laugh uploaded we
shall I don't care - Nora be Paddy's to
marshmallows we shall I don't care who
knows the chick achama
sir when I say glad you say yum yum yum
when I say or you say you're bored yeah
yeah I walk into the store and grab my
basket I wave it around like a tennis
racket I look at the cashier and I say
he looks to me like fuck you Stan I both
eyes bored and grab some bread c41 kiss
me give me so instead she wants a
marriage and I accuse you she wants to
manage and I choose you - we eat fly
because we like to chase you
think it slows but we think it's great
we tell I don't care who know run be bad
these two marshmallows we don't care to
know picture kick a monster throw me the
best now toss and allotment now feed me
the bread now give me the trash we don't
care to know run be bad these two
marshmallows
Ravi Paradiso marshmallows we close I
slowed it down some makes shouting my
friend is some mix growling my friend
some mix telling my friend is here I got
my car back
