set the dishes throw the napkins dumped
a utensil
there's no Forks up in here no Forks up
in here no Forks up in here find the
game smell the day don't eat the fat
date find it chicken
captured chicken cut chicken
I wonder if this chicken is glad throw
it in the oven watch TV to kill time ha
ha
lower your game doorbell rings doorbell
ditch go find the Golden Snitch fall
into a ditch
oh look too cute get held up by a sham
thank the sham get lectured by the share
become share make Malou walk out the
bathroom pork
remake walu pray awesome watch
fouseytube don't laugh
unsubscribe take a nap stare yourself
taking a nap inception sit at the table
stare at the chicken listen to the clock
ticking stare at the clock clock stops
trying to fix the clock the log take
your stop play with your loss three
seconds to go grab the game Elden game
say your prayers
eat the day get full get hungry again
grab the chicken right into the chicken
omnomnom let me blow you up in
everything then you come down you get
the head what's wrong with it thanks for
watching my new video I know is probably
confusing so you should probably watch
it again thank you for Nick again
epicMealTime for inspiration don't
forget to subscribe
