oh you're here for the Middle Eastern
Gathering aren't you I know you're
stressing out and everything I saw your
email we have nothing to worry about you
came just to the right place this video
will show you how to survive a Middle
Eastern gathering so your and I go
smoothly now before we begin sighs
take off your shoes and leave them at
the door naughty naughty
for today's class I'll be using my stunt
double or what I like to call him a
Pakistani who looks nothing like me your
guests are supposed to arrive at 6 p.m.
your mom has been cooking cleaning and
yelling all throughout the house since 9
a.m. the day before the time is now 559
p.m. oh you have nothing to worry about
your guests won't arrive until 9 p.m.
it's now 11 p.m. you get stuff on me
arrived greeting them can get a tad bit
confusing some relatives like to kiss 40
times a cheap oh there's 20 times a
cheek all others just smile at you and
say and I will know here's a quick point
on how to get past all the confusion
smoothly when kissing your relatives the
trick is to keep your heads perfectly
straight do not move at all by doing
this you are giving an illusion that
you're moving your head side to side
with your guests
oh you're really not doing anything at
all here's an example for the first hour
the night the men will sit on the couch
doing absolutely nothing but watching TV
and talking politics meanwhile the women
are in the kitchen breaking the speed
barriers trying to set up for dinner
all by themselves because the men are
sitting on the couch doing absolutely
nothing for watching TV and talking
politics the trick here is to not get
caught doing nothing because the second
you do you think huh takoma you get put
to work it's dinner time you're about to
eat and you're already doing two things
wrong note they are kind of standing
stunt double looks nothing like me
no one you're wearing tight pants
middle-eastern mothers are notorious for
overcooking not only will they cook for
the five to three hundred and fifty
people come into your house for the
night but they will also cook for the
whole
entire countries in which they came from
my best advice for you is to switch into
these sweatpants no I'm serious go
switch into these sweatpants Dawg you're
not gonna fit all the food in your belt
mm-hmm number two you're sitting on the
outside of the table now keep in mind
the mother who's throwing the party is
not gonna sit down and enjoy the food
any with everyone else she feels the
need to run around serving people dinner
seven eight times until they are
completely full so you're gonna get
stuck with a puka man gay man hello hot
hot let me kooky man look good good man
fuck everyone is enjoying themselves
eating right now that even your right
hand now everyone is enjoying themselves
eating no one is talking though the
awkward silence is so loud it can be
heard through the computer screen
take a listen use this opportunity for
your advantage you're stuck in a dilemma
Pakistani Sun Devil who looks nothing
like me
if you eat too fast the mother will
think you don't like the food if you eat
too slow the muscle will also think you
don't like the food so what you're
supposed to do is thank your after every
single bite you take even if you do not
like the food shoe man can take the body
I don't speak Airy go-to I say oh good
I'm spinning scoot scoot
I don't let her see me put your hands
behind your back on your back okay
nobody okay ready ready did I have to
spoon yes okay oh my goodness
candy yum yum yum dinner is over the men
will go back to the couch doing
absolutely nothing but watching TV
talking politics or playing cards while
the woman spend the entire rest of the
night cleaning during this time one of
the uncles of the family will take what
I like to call a smoke break every
single five minutes the mother will
usually tell all the guests it's no it
SSC has it become death no it's Lalo
butter on causing them to either smoke
in the backyard or the front yard yeah
the way I expect your whole house is
smell like cigarettes for the next day
or two it's time for desserts the mother
we usually ask the guests becomes I will
laugh when no matter what the answer she
will definitely be serving both also
expected to bring out cookies fruit cake
bananas apples nectarines seeds peanuts
candy protein shakes cereal and whatever
she finds in the house no matter how
long you haven't spoken to anyone in the
family for they will always ask you the
same three questions
Childress after that all this mean
ridiculous
my best advice is to tell them exactly
what they want to hear dude I don't
speak Arabic hmm door oh my only have
one wait I'm talking like the mom she's
gonna know it's not you don't blow your
cover um I only have one year
center-left
oh boy yes be a doctor hello
lisam Ellen and Jo as best I'm feeling
lucky after four long hours of your
uncle telling childhood stories I got a
full check boom I don't know boom boom
awkward silences and your parents
embarrassing are you telling you to
stand up and show your whole family your
special talents which you don't really
have it's finally time to go home this
is the longest part of the night it's
usually divided into four quarters first
the guests get up and say bye to each
other
nice so then I'll go up second the
guests take ten steps forward and do it
all over again
bye Maya see you next time sir they get
to the door they open it a little bit
and do it all over again I'll see you
next time bye bye now after all the hugs
and kisses are finally done the night is
officially over until your mother
decides to do a whole entire spring
cleaning throughout the whole house just
because guests came over yeah Ilyana go
juvett vacuum energy with Windex nothing
on a callosum there you have it folks
yep just successfully survived a
middle-eastern Gavin ewwww now that
wasn't so bad was it
ha ha ha
be quiet you big baby it's not like your
mother's gonna throw another one in the
next day or two you said hey my fucking
game vocalizing number three
until your mother's is such a douche
