oh my gosh look at Jimmy he's here
himself and he's so weird
oh my god Drizzy so hot now
trizzie can we get a photo that she want
a photo you already narrow the only live
once that's the motto nigga yellow
hey yo drizzle what's good with you bruh
man I just got a new tattoo of Leon my
uncle
I had my six Bar Mitzvah last Friday
sent me in my latest girl agreed to go
our separate ways so I'm single
say wha how much did you want again
Josie you're not wanted up and there's
some shout out the Asian girls let the
lights dim Sun drink they are killing
you on these Degrassi Georgia I'm
hearing all the jokes I know that they
tryna push me I know they're showing
emotion don't ever mean up I can see it
in your eyes you angry ah you don't mind
if I get the rest of the deal don't even
had the ass twice you can have my heart
a wiki sharing like the last slice uh-oh
I was fuckin mother pizza homie you
seriously need an iphone yam and
blackberries suck that's why I never
follow your suggestion I just always did
my own
dang stupid mustache try facetiming oh
my god I can't believe you got me a car
Aubrey you could thank me now and oh my
goodness you're welcome you're welcome
what if I'm sitting on 25 mil and you
can use Honda Accord what's wrong they
keep telling me don't save us if I
ignore all that advice if something
isn't right then who will I can paint Oh
summer's almost over Drizzy hey you know
what that means you better find your
lovin you better find your heart I love
Nicki Minaj I told her I'd admit it I
hope one day we get married just to say
we say we did it were you going on that
honeymoon
ah y'all gotta ask Nicky Nicky about
that one hmm
yo what happened last night we do a
party and we do a party just came over
again we do a party
you think you just a day little too much
left I might be too strung out on
compliments oh but those don't happen
I'm just feeling sorry for whoever got a
sweet lug nut goes ha ha ha
