warning the footage you are about to see
was recorded in a real Arab household
viewer discretion is advised father I
will get you married to Fatima John
wedding in signal do you want use it but
identical fuck man she's on her way here
that's my Haley author he's pretty much
the arrow version of Chuck Norris he has
a story for anything and everything but
90% of them aren't even true haha hold
on my friend my friend Scotty
Linderman gosh of death everybody
uncle's home he does that give it mama
what a shame I came here just working in
her apartment
did you forget you in again I will what
mama Samoa slit hey Jeff buddy a look at
my business I'd give my job I will own
that the wish that now like you did ha
ha ha ha ha so it delet me one line
surge of Dylan honey Anna yeah you're
dead lucky GPS oh how do you really shit
Wow
Wow
last I read I asked my mama for both the
GPS and a MacBook she said and shot
Allah and Charlotte pretty much means no
mama can we please go to the zoo
tomorrow and shot la isn't this hot but
if we do wake up then we can write I
shall live allamanda mama if God is
willing and we wake up tomorrow and the
weather is nice and baba isn't mad and
noona isn't crying and you are able to
set the DVR move toward mood Cielo and
Arab idol and there isn't traffic and
we're all pretty catch it together and
you're able to make the mess over before
we go we can go right inshallah we never
went to the zoo add me on Facebook
hahahaha no I'll be singing that song
for me I'll feed if you love me I'll
sing that song okay okay yeah go Fonzie
and check your I don't know what for
you're turning heads when you want do
that
oh you said only lies my baduk enjoy was
highly well I don't know what you said
my first wife you know when I was seven
years old
marwan beautiful England a DJ you know
the one with the blonde hair and then by
the time you got to the s wife by the
time number sixteen came around I
thought I wasn't going to find love
anywhere and then came the downtime when
I got so tired of all about my child
Rasheed and that wasn't a pleasant
experience
haha let me tell you
so basically yourself don't get married
if your heart isn't in it okay I almost
burnt myself but with Youssef
allah-allah home let's go I got to get
the mode from the dog and good
Commission min look Ken I'm to get more
cigarettes Jubilee Ali is so welcome Sam
and Elijah and sha Allah hello my friend
Holly Holly hi would you still love me
for wear hijab love you he's beautiful
I would love you even if you had hairy
toe hey toes left me what the hell is
your problem
like you don't know you he's the new
weeks ago what happened two weeks when
he comes in go one two three sir Brown
you kidding me on that inside baby on
the outside when I was younger
laughing I'm sorry
I promise you
fool delete delete delete
is there more crew outside are you sure
pally
Judah
laughs man
as soon as I saw her I saw my entire
life flash before my eyes
reminiscing on my single days where I
had nothing to worry
from this point on
my life is never going to be the same
and Fontana John
mr. boy
Iran subtly fuck me
you
I
mmm
