previously girl far we leave in the
night are you serious welcome to the
video guys I want to show you a loser
Yousef came to me last night you need a
place to stay for the best thing I could
offer there's a place to stay how much
do you hope they slept get it they
probably did it's really nice little
guys walked out from around 2:00 in the
morning
still got his phone in his hand that's
the dedication dedication to the craft
right there
it's time to get your Ohio on let's go
y'all invited mad by the way you took
your spot last night what time is it it
is it's time to eat yo I can't leave you
again
what really yeah I think I'm gonna have
to see about countries out yo Empire was
whining all night either they're in
loans ready tell me the best spot you're
gonna have the boss gets left in the
boss if you if you really needed a seat
play you're ready doing the episode
morning rocket okay I'm wondering why I
woke up on his knee I woke up like cut
older than when I mean did you feel it I
don't know what's going on man guys that
was you know we're appreciating with the
sleep that we got wait do I have
anything there oh man let's just I need
a shower
all office hour right assist you guys up
a shower so feel free
Oh has low water issues little bug Denis
little Kingston the seal but you know
overall and I hear somebody said Roman
is going to make you sleep in the donkey
barn and like make you really live this
it's Ohio and as how we live I can't
start getting privileged or the record
they make you sleep in the donkey barn
you chose the sleeping zone c'mon have a
shower you cleaned up we want to use for
soap leaves everything's still from aloe
vera share your views this is here it
smelled like poop hey the street way the
water is not like poop so so I'll make
you a traditional mix a lot of scrubbing
you know what you go you know what I'm
going to make you guys to Mel me today
I'm not even sure that's it I'm done
thank you turn the water off sustaining
these staining all these five-star hotel
you guys are living like better than I
am hey we're giving that to on your on
the road so I wanted you guys you know
have a good night's sleep I well you
guys do what you do I'm going inside
country we need to talk I had to add the
no fire no fire Wi-Fi in there but no
fire
Britany one question what why does the
water smell like poop
right I just showered there and it's not
like poop
what showers this is the whole Romans
that I have to shower there the waters
felt like sewage oh yeah can we turn
this up good oh oh we got my main man
country in the house check that all
after all the months of separation he's
still repping the crew oh you know this
is my first march up
he's over here at the Atwoods repping
foods B let's go let's go let's go
so country wanted to pass something on
to me for the journey he wanted me to be
like country some Dolce and Gabanna the
people saw me wearing these they would
be like homeless huh but you in Dolce's
but they don't get that I haven't sent a
single dollar in this whole trip
everything that's coming as a blessing
pose on time do I have to go no I miss
you babe babe it doesn't have to be like
this I got to go to work
how do you want me to see the kids huh
how do you expect me to feed the kids if
you don't want to go to work I love you
okay love you
I just understand I love you you know
it's a male donkey right oh really
good which is trying to say kids got a
long way back hold on a clique in fact
we just went to the gas station because
you wanted a Red Bull and he left me
with his car
don't say anything don't say anything
changed Roman has never let me drive his
GTR cuz he claims like everything I'm
going to prove to him that I look very
responsible for driver wears it blood
drives air okay
go pick him up oh come on come on I
wanted to show you that I'm responsible
here that's for me do it as soon as I
got out and I thought country's car
behind me I was like it's always like
wow okay then you weren't in there I was
like let's do it
wait wait wait wait wait Holden loves
great gaijin oh oh I love you in half a
mile turn right look I got enemies
you've got a lot of enemies got a lot of
people trying to Jamie others energy
trying to take away from a brother great
for you the one item Oh
as an owl for revival boozy sauce I've
been thinking I want to have a kid the
kit or a kid a kid like a baby to do
what with it raise it as now back to the
episode since innocence then the dance
my first model more experience we're
gonna drag race open here
you
so Roman had the bright idea to come out
to the drag strip
course and drag race and you guys know
me whenever I get behind the vehicle
game over
like doesn't even doesn't matter what it
is I can I can I can drive
how you doing hey guys I was wanting to
know what do you have to say about all
this what's going on today here Roman
called me last night said hey you want
to come up have some fun add a couple
guys I want to do some testing so I said
come on out we're going to track for any
make it happen this is a engine homeless
issue it's more than 65 cubic inches so
whatever see that would be imagine it
never get a match yeah these mood C&C
hello what's your name I'm John Oh
goober I Drive this thing every now and
then where you like me tell ya okay like
it I don't have any up I told my bedroom
I want if I can I don't know it's a
little star that's what you wanted to do
what do you think of that laughs at last
something though right II know you're
having a lot of fun doing interviews so
hot pretend like you're a real interview
person all right here we go today have
you ever met an Egyptian negative no
Uranus or for real or is it just this is
my everyday cause like always dress
nightmares in the movies no chemo once
he's like take me to text I want the Hat
I wonder that why you got to have rac1
go right until I read the comment that
is that Corvettes written in that real
cornbread all right yes cornbread right
there form with bread honest stuff even
dying the time so this is your first
ever cornbread so how about it
I can't believe too much to ask them are
you really wearing this that's like if
you went to Egypt and saw solving
citizen so you're willing to ask me all
the desert right can with them again
sometimes we do those times that whole
done
Oh oh my god always I have no idea where
we're getting our thousand
want me to get him back yes rusev you're
about to do that Yeah right
no way what one-on-one raced me right
now yeah and Michael yeah I'm gonna take
your car you take country
what okay 102 gold curtain rates in
water breaks well doesn't matter if you
win by an inch or a mile getting chemo
is with on the race Rome and it's going
down Roman verse museet or everybody
thought Roman won most guys want to show
you who the winner is tonight yo it
doesn't matter if you win by an inch or
a mile family is family
Dominic Toretto whoo this is where the
DOF family the pussy - family my family
ex-girlfriend
my future girlfriend my sister a grandma
it doesn't matter if you win by an inch
or a mile family is family Dominic
Toretto honey I'm ready you ready
Oh
yes he didn't tell me what to go
cheering like 300 I said tell me when to
go
I was waiting for the light take it did
it take yes they had it on Instagram all
I know is Instagram I don't know
integrate they had to integrate on I
didn't know that here's why not no I'm
not oh wait
yeah
yeah
okay you get at the cup Lord's night day
knows best a sofa they don't call me
Dale Earnhardt jr. the third for nothing
good brakes
okay what's funny you guys he's built
like a family you belong in the
beginning you were gone in the beginning
oh yeah hasn't well we weren't right to
slip doesn't matter
oh they do it now have you got candy
that's why you know I leave my lights
off doesn't matter if you win by an inch
or a mile family is family
Dominic Toretto oh you said that are we
gonna get into system I really think I
might poop myself like I really think so
I'm not even kidding
that GTR scared me I think I pan out in
a little oven brain bucket
believe me with my life like he goes on
to this helmet great
here on vibrant butterflies we make
smart decision
predictions a lot of screaming a lot of
screaming like fear this is the kind of
a like you sim will do weird things like
random tonight he'll dance in public
right but putting him behind horse power
like this you'll hear him just scream I
cry if he doesn't cry a little bit he
might just think a little bit yeah oh we
try doesn't want years no he's wearing a
diaper he's got his hands on he's pacing
come on I already went the bathroom out
guys there we go
sorta middle school time I get y'all
stress are we gonna be super super safe
yeah nothing that you wouldn't know you
do have noise in here
don't use that I'm going to use it if I
got it I'm going to use it really yeah
the stuff I do to push you guys to new
heights to show you not to be scared
it was amazing though oh my god
yeah but I'm trying to get out before
you go so we're about to go record a
each segment because we want to get
personal with you guys we got a hot
defense team oh oh okay now normally
when I do this I would do something like
embarrassing but uh I got stuff in my
pocket here
I want to show them for Yusuf's really
about everyone I was saying user can't
do this user can do that you could do a
lot all right he believes in himself oh
let's go this is a message to all of
team butterfly we care about your
opinion so so much we are so invested
into reading what you guys have to say
at the end of each episode something
that differentiates us and how we run
this channel in this project then I've
seen around other places in YouTube as
we are not just living and allowing you
to experience what we're living and not
regarding your comments we are regarding
your comments and that is how we are
living so if there's something you don't
like we try to fix it
if there's something you want we try to
do it I'm talking to you right now like
directly you guys have a major influence
in this project when I first started
project butterfly in this whole dear
YouTube I'm homeless the initial concept
was I need to step out of my comfort
zone I need to stop letting my life go
by staying my apartment by myself I was
a cocoon that was scared to fly now I am
a butterfly that's flying around the
world spreading love spreading
positivity sharing memories with my
friends that's what this is all about us
giving back it's something that we found
as we started this journey I didn't know
I was going to start a charity the day I
started this journey and here we are now
22 days in and there's a charity being
set up under project butterfly's name so
what I ask of you guys is just for
patience for understanding I know you
want to see us go out and do so much
good in so much change but we've only
been 22 days in we cannot change the
world in 22 days and we cannot change
the world alone we're going to need your
help
your understanding your love your
commitment to be involved in this
journey so if ever there's a day that
you see where we're having fun and I'm
spending time with friends
understand that's part of this journey
this is a spiritual journey and for me
to see myself laughing in Ohio jumping
into a pool as opposed to being by
myself in my apartment alone watching
Netflix is a huge win in my book we want
to do good we want to change but it's
going to take time when we get to day
100 and we look back we're going to see
how much change and positive influence
we were able to do and there are things
that we have been doing behind the
scenes and got that we visited an
orphanage hung out with the children and
it didn't even make the episode because
we're not putting every single good deed
we do into an episode I know you were
enjoying seeing pussy struggle and
hitchhike rides and do all of that I
still haven't paid a single dollar I'm
still wearing the same clothes that I
was wearing and I'm still loving every
second of this journey every second that
we're out here just sharing positive
vibes and love and you know reading your
guys's comment so all we're asking is
for your love your support your patience
and your trust that through this through
project butterfly we are going to get to
a better tomorrow but we just need you
to be patient and get there with us this
is a marathon it's not a sprint I've
started many projects through my youtube
career and I failed because I started
going a thousand miles per hour when I
should have been going 100 so let us now
go 50 miles per hour and at least get to
where we're trying to get to instead of
going to a thousand miles per hour and
never reach the destination remember the
most beautiful thing about an adventure
is the journey not the end point so
let's enjoy the journey and enjoy this
ride so thank you to team butterfly
without you guys this project wouldn't
have two wings the fly
yeah I hate that video below
yeah you got me now my boys we all
thought you were kind of god-awful you
know what I mean well I want to fix it -
no problem
like because I feel like I deserve a
ball and like everybody else farts
description - then I feel like I
deserved eviction significance of the
sold tickets with me why you being weird
about it
nothing weird about it take a picture
remove like real quick I got my friend
right now
don't really know what the to him people
depending doesn't give us out boys this
means that I deserve to swim
can I get a pin you don't how can you
say you don't like I don't like this
video like I don't learn my videos that
no I don't need help to do it
I'm not reserving on my name who's me my
real name who do you like I would not
you jump on something don't have videos
and after picture I'll have a very
polite guys let's get a picture to the
picture each minute before me you like
me
