close the lights close the light you can
pretty much call me a hijab' wonder if
my head job is on straight it was like
just because I don't wear a hijab
doesn't make me less of a Muslim oMG I
wish I had some henna right now I'm like
so much hotter than her is this henna
oh my guns are on the corner I gotta
somebody make a job again Aslam o
alaikum sisters I'm gonna be doing a
hijab tutorial for you hi guys okay girl
don't say your hoppy you say HMDA law
you always have to say from the law and
something that happens in your life
it was totally checking us out she
doesn't want a job anymore
want me to get my brothers and cousins
to beat you up you're not supposed to
pick your favorite flavor the flavor
picks you she's so charred to tell
everybody that I wasn't religious and I
said a girl I go to every Friday prayer
she's like so jealous of you well no
this is my last one we could totally
have our own Keeping Up with the
Kardashians hey well this is my last
last one this guy came up between us for
a picture cuz he thought I was Kim
Kardashian well no this is my lap did
you see what he said to her on Facebook
no so ox o-m-g you will never believe
what Miriam told me that yes mean told
her but they all found out for Mahmoud
who found out from Mohamed I'm gonna
still have to go to the gym after this
there's so many calories my home go no I
really okay I'll be back later
oh mama no I'm at the machine right now
hold on my job is not on don't come in
yet
would you tell your parents that I'm
sleeping at your house what do you tell
your parents
there's some big equipment physically
show side of the splinter well I did -
you want a smoke won't get much pussy
job tonight
