bro bro sup bro brothers sisters bro
tell me my arms don't look big in this
shirt bro well lucky bro wallah well law
you're like the Afghan version of Kim
Kardashian the blood bro is that the
only thing can order from McDonald's is
fish fillet why are you being so shady
bro
well what love the teacher hates me
because I'm Arab can I be your Aladdin
meeow meeow
no ah blah you're not lying bro we don't
say thanks God we say Allah hunger and
laugh all the girls wanted me bro a
longing so didn't get me Ferrari I need
10 brothers and sisters to donate $100
each
well I'm on my way I'm stuck in traffic
swag
bro something me Arabs God something we
Armenians God something we Afghans God
sorry bro sweater raw was the first
person to wear v-necks bro bro I want
her to smell me in Palestine bro so why
did Abdullah tell me that he saw you
talking to Rahim Facebook
Allah he all the girls tell me I look
like Drake hobby hobby tea and noodle I
ain't got me more money over everything
bro I beep do a color head job are you
wearing right now brother you need to
get married although we have no food all
we have is three jugs of yoghurt bro I
just got this month's food stamps let's
go eat grow Ramadan's this Friday I
can't drink anymore bro i beeped you all
i'm not ashamed of you but but what if
your dad sees us
Ramadan is this Friday I can't smoke
anymore bro what if your mom sees us
what if your grandma sees us what if the
ship sees us please go these the who
drink yeah bro bro you smoke yeah bro
but you don't eat pork oh stuck for
Allah bro I'm Muslim
my mother doesn't like a lot of basic oh
don't you dare to roll along on knock Oh
can't wait this error you look without
your head yet oh don't Shh
