I'm really glad you came over I really
appreciate you giving me a second chance
oh yeah yeah whatever just let me more
watching like okay I've never seen it
before it this is my first time oh my
god an evil girl falls in love with a
vampire what is there to know dude I
didn't know he was a vampire don't ruin
it for me it's not like that torture
shows and falls in love with a werewolf
too
you can't just tell me that there's a
werewolf you're ruining the whole movie
formula for demon stars
what and I suppose you didn't know that
fella is us can you pause it off the
tinkle really quickly already hey fine
hurry up
can you pause it I have to go to the
bathroom again you didn't even drink
anything I have to go number two this
time finally oh my god look at all these
split ends
oh just gonna take hours two three oh my
gosh but you just ruined the whole mood
that was a sad moment you can't just
laugh and ruin it like that
let me just feel my emotions I can't
plan how I'm gonna feel
you want to oh my god I love this part
watch it watch it watch his part watches
part damn watching you're watching
do you think they're gonna get married
are you sure you watch the movie wait
why is he glittering when he steps into
the sunlight know you're falling asleep
I'm us you were just dozing off if you
want to go home go home but no no I was
just I was just napping just a little
bit
I'm not tired that was so amazing I
can't wait for the second one did you
like what is the werewolf eat them both
and there's not gonna be a second one oh
no I thought they were getting a married
do I look like Alice
