Wow pick the same girl that I hey I got
a date with Jessie which I fan why huh
what is this man wearing right now is
really going out in public like this
like this hey that's tight enough
rogue looks really good like that looks
really nice look J Cole is by far better
than Drake you can't compare the choose
Drake has had five hit singles for
justice euros for the girls oh no I got
this I know who's better and check that
well I got lint in my pockets and I'm
cool you know I like this cuz I chill in
a pool I like this why boy really thinks
he can do it he looks so stupid ah this
guy really thinks he's Eminem jr. this
what the hell is even talking about I'm
driving driving got pockets all day
shoes and stuff hey you're good holiday
did it give you your feet you can be the
VP hmm
we do you must be crazy you got five
seconds to get your finger off my fork
before I turn it into dessert sure go
ahead
hey little good mmm
hey what's up not you want it you're
gonna oh damn son
sup man project look rejecting hey I
cards like six time my facebook at it's
like two messages I just had your voice
about as there was one up I'm gonna
repeat it oh no I didn't get your 100
texts and 19 voicemails and you're 56
facebook chats loser Dolphin Tale huh
I wanna go and see that I got a number
yesterday number yes you didn't tell her
I was supposed to tell him I told you to
dump this on me that you were so funny I
thought she told me
oh yeah movie starts at three let's go
watch come on right I don't think it
sucks just tell me it sucks I'm gonna
let you know besides get on it's gotcha
all right come on I'm your boy come on
little yeah okay okay all right
so you ready whoo all right going all
right I hate watching with you guys but
here we go
all right why you like this fucking like
this Mike is that ah this guy's out of
his mind I'm gonna unsubscribe what if
you'll find out
hmm if I've listened it naughty naughty
one more time um jump off a bridge
hey okay I just a little yesterday oh
yes I gotta go postal I gotta go right
now
yeah yeah yeah
what the oh my god another another one
dressing up like his mother
ha ha ha ha ha ticka ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka ting good
