warning the footage you are about to see
was recorded in a real Arab household
viewer discretion is advised Oh welcome
welcome come in Cup they're here
take off your shoes are you crazy are
you worried about it what is your
problem she catches you you're in big
trouble okay
welcome to me casa es su casa
um first through this room don't enter
don't even think about it don't ask any
questions
okay follow me you said you said your
camera people you said oh my goodness
okay come on come on um if you look
right here you have the foot three
stooges before you sip the devil was
born so that that is them Oh commuter
you sir well what are you doing there
trinket don't talk don't talk
come on with me I'll show you the bird
it's all you have to see the bird it's
so many beautiful birdies so I take it
come on come come everybody's what are
the birds what are the fairies no fuck
man yesterday Lucy put on red get a
pistol but what's wrong nothing
oh we're going up to each hero I don't
know what's wrong what's going on
nothing's wrong
yeah yeah please don't show anybody that
footage oh he's going through midlife
crisis I know because he's not married
but we're waiting for you in the car our
reservation is in 20 minutes
she always does this Oh mm nah shit on a
gin rummy
you take the bag pass it around 98
bottles a shell ah
Nikki Sixx pot is a shame oh uh 56 pot
as a shot Alicia hello you have reached
the residence of the household in this
house I know that's you that's not your
voicemail oops
hey mister reservation
now we have to eat at home our dinners
are so awkward Yussef I didn't hear you
say bismillah I did say it I said in my
head you can't hear me
Youssef say bismillah right now the
camera is watching you
bismillah r-rahman and I'll hang good
boy we can go through an entire dinner
that would usually take 30 minutes in
like five minutes
nobody says a word senator thank you
mama it was really good you said get out
of my kitchen what I'm doing the dishes
yeah give up I'm trying to help you I'm
doing the dishes
that's what my kitchen yet though but
yeah you it's not nothing it's another
are you I'll help them trying to step
into my kitchen let me have it helps me
to see that's the problem with this
house nobody ever helps me you just told
about what you mean out right now shut
up shut up
you see I cook I clean I do everything
and nobody even offers to help me trying
to step into my kitchen do you know what
I'm talking about
it you know I don't even want to do this
right now wipe it up turn off the camera
turn off the camera
Oh turn off the camera
turn it up go turn it off my mom is
always cleaning it's like even if it's
perfectly clean she's still going over
it to clean it again I don't know if I'm
saying things but sometimes I think like
she takes dirt out of her pocket puts it
on the ground to clean it again like you
know to you know give herself something
to clean I got that speech when I was in
like third grade and was an awkward but
when my dad is join me what I'm a girl
doing you grow up know a man always
falls in love with a woman okay and they
become happily ever after you know
husband wife you might be wondering but
the way to do babies come from listen
carefully but what happens but don't
ever repeat this stuff you see the man
does this to the woman and then the
woman does this man and the man does
this
woman I think I'm traumatized come into
my kitchen
okay so first here you have the mistake
in the family you know he's not even let
me covered him this is a mistake
okay what you need you have Lebanon it
goes with every single thing in the
water
Lebanon is very good and if you got in a
laughing mood and you want to eat
something good you have it laughing cows
I see you laughing cow and I laugh with
it okay I will show you how to test if a
watermelon is good you know Justin's
very scrummy we hit it a lot okay check
this out so if you hold it like this and
go like you're slapping a baby bum bum
you hear that you did listen like the
doublet oh oh we're getting too crazy in
here so what we do the tea every night
you have teen you have cup is this yours
whose is this whose is this yours yours
yours if your sir what what Yousef what
is this doing in here on no you said you
tell me the truth right now you have
five seconds go three two one
do it uh well he was he was eating it
and um he didn't know where to put it so
he gave it to me and I put it there for
you there is not true was it yours is he
telling the truth was it yours I started
producing info um how long they have
gelatin I know that you taught me good
piece of City is coming over a minute
nasties coming today yes he's coming any
minute what am I supposed to tell her
when she finds started butters in our
household way in the word of this noodle
your sister
Oh God was it 99
