previously I want you to be a part of
team butterfly so what do you say all
right guys
mean Daniela listen to your requests we
know you guys were tired of lesson cut
that overextending our welcome although
we were having a great time we jumped
into a brand new country with no
expectations and we were uploading
episodes every single day working our
butts off for you guys so we hope you
guys enjoyed but now it's time for us to
go back to the route of the journey and
travel Daniela where are we going
it's a surprise
right now cuz our Airways has given us
this like tour of their Airport check us
out the hospitality never ends here
thank you guys so much for supporting
our first country that we visited many
more to come soon we wish cooking
circular on this super teddy bear oh man
I wish I'm recording the inside jokes
are you guys and but you know what I'm
feeling so stressed here right now we're
back to just having fun on this journey
and not overthinking everything as much
as we have been we stressed a lot to get
these episodes up for you guys man so we
appreciate everybody who stayed during
the some time how's it going so what do
I have to do to get a tour of the lounge
okay you sir ahh can I have your
boarding pass first sir what is this
no service party we cannot accept this
one no sir
even if you have the host on camera here
she know sir sorry no we kind of face
and consciously and then we have both
can I swim in here no it's a water scene
I haven't showered in a little bit just
let one one quick shower you have a
shower facilities you have a shower here
then cut out airways lounges in same
guys we have also our sleeping area sir
question I haven't slept in days too
long you have time it's 1 16 15 minutes
and then you'd have to get on board
gosh all right let's do the massage okay
let's go just a quick shoulder maybe
like five minutes of shoulders just
quick just sitting down by me that good
I'm so confused right now but I'm just
rocking with the punches who confused I
wish y'all noon without confusing like
everything that's happening right this
is all just happening right now and I
told you it okay I told you I'm just
going with life's punches life just
offered me a massage at the airport and
the masseuse didn't want to be on camera
but as you can see by my face that was
amiss 10 minutes Allah
watch this I'm supposed to get in the
passenger seat right now but
anyone
Joey sit what are you doing Oh
while your the words getaway driver ever
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
hello what's up how's it going good man
Emma's going on
you're good yes no not going home going
to go into a friend's house all right so
this is mama bear who's been taking care
of us
I got a question for you yeah you this
has been great well right now I'm
traveling the world okay like I want to
go to China or go to India everywhere we
fly to Paris like the other day that's
great nice plug uh not a pay promotion
but can you fly me there for this
journey for this particular journey yeah
leave it with me and I will do
everything I can
is it why not if you don't ask in life
how will you ever know whether to get so
there you guys go
ah we just got flight to fit through
Qatar Airways to travel the world and
everything just like that thank you guys
so much for supporting the journey oh
it's so good
this white actually was supposed to be
the flight back to LA but we rerouted it
to go to my friend's house who you will
see in a little bit and yeah
everything's working out perfectly you
get a morning fest research drop out hop
on
I appreciated one of your comments so
much you said you said you don't have to
reject the offering life given to
disabilities a minimalist lifestyle
because as you can be use as is not mine
this hat not mine you've seen me wear
these pants in the last 12 videos I'm
not wearing socks right now these shoes
smells so bad I've been walking the same
underwear for like a week
alright and I'm still pushing I'm still
rocking I'm so grateful for everything
I'm getting hello I hope I get a hug
hello I'm grateful and that's the thing
I added is my life gratitude guys
gratitude ooh
okay so these are full pods this time
okay
oh mama bear how do I work this okay how
do you how do I kick so this is our new
Zoey so what do you know don't actually
touch you think dad yeah boy and then
you would choose whether you want a
movie so let's say you want a movie I
want to romantic comedy a romantic
comedy okay well I don't see any glass
to you one and a half cut we've got four
thousand four hundred dollars in science
to bugging out pretty well yeah watching
me we will thank you guys this isn't a
pay promotion is it I'm just letting her
plug they're giving me blessings I'm
giving blessings back that's really what
it is at the end of the day thank you so
much but they're not gonna let me take
this camera so can you take it for me
anything
thank you thanks again thank you so much
now I'm going to go to sleep guys and
when I arrive we're going to continue
project butterfly we've already
announced for charity at this point the
charity is being set up and that we're
going to go have a lot of fun and unwind
with my best friend my brother Todd has
this new rules where you're not allowed
to fly with your electronics or your
cameras and I needed my camera so we
decided to ship ourselves in this box
instead oh you ready for this you're
super handsome
ah we're just all different grazie
all right guys it's been eight hours I'm
swimming Daniela Daniel Yergin Guyanese
Danielle I'm getting hungry I have to
eat yum sorry we didn't so we've been
literally hunting for this block they
said it's on there's there's all the
stalks sitting on top of this graph
there's no way that it looks like the
box from my colleague I'm not even check
it out look at this look at this man I
don't know dude that was super super
fishy there's just a box sitting on this
lawn
oh god guys if Daniela passed out and
yellow Daniela what does it dude this
can't be good there's no oh yeah
or next destination Costard I'm so glad
you're here I'm so glad you guys know
Roman was on the top of my priority list
to visit on this adventure so as we were
leaving the Middle East I actually hit
him up and said Roman can I please come
over the tonier voice I know you pretty
well
I know way you call me was just like you
got to come over yeah you got me and he
said my house is your house and here we
are so let's get ready for I don't know
how many days of Ohio adventure we'd
spent on without the road is that a
hitchhiker I don't know I think that
happens here I tell boy that's don't
happen here you've seen the movie wrong
turn what happen or there's somebody
behind us
I gotta pull up I gotta pull up alright
oh let's see if they'll pick him up here
he's hitchhiking full ha ha
yo scream agree with me to help him oh
no Bigelow we got you now two people
they're doing we're on this journey
let's do it oh yeah oh my gosh whoa whoa
whoa whoa wait careful careful careful
careful you don't know what little you
did right
how's it going there you guys have room
for one more cowboy
everybody we like to introduce Teemo
here on project butterfly going to be
coming with us around the world and
every country so hop on the Roman houses
where you want to Kentucky and I said
Bob every table whoo if you got some
ever been to Bob Evans you're missing
out this place is beyond amazing man Bob
Evans again all right so Kimo remember
have strawberry eliminated in Ohio so
you take over now this what you do if
you want feel like this a little and
handle it like medicine yeah can I tell
you it's the routine yeah yeah so we
good look I would I would mix the bottom
up you can seal the strawberries on the
bottom this is all high way to do it but
you know what you go to a Chinese
restaurant could be or sushi if you
don't know how to use chopsticks you
support if you don't want to be
respectful at home in and change your
strong knot
I actually that each existing phone when
its repelling this will get serious
cheers people say like three maybe not
replace bone is nothing like right
chicken or waffles chicken and mashed
potatoes chicken noodle soup and I had a
burger a lot of sugar and I got a
question for you
I appreciate you Ryan right I want to
meet Bob local 50 here oh sorry not here
so if you have a movie called you'll
harm people Bob how popular me about
each other
Bob our deposit can we get a very East
concession applause I got your coming
let's go pops up there
yes all right guys you can read on the
wall I can meet Bob he's on the wall and
ready to do this
Arcadia Wisconsin and you wanted Reebok
so I don't I'm gonna stop and excited to
meet Bob and I said it and he
hyouta --fill man it was as genuine and
sincere man you've ever gonna meet some
seriously crazy man
thank you Bob we appreciated her feel
amazing anything Roman knows this but
look what he's been having us watch this
whole ride what is it I dropped it's
gonna live which is usually did what oh
no no no it's a kid animation teen
hijack mystery and Inga Thank You cane
for the lovely entertainment i mr. szura
Oh
the
oh my god this is a beautiful view right
now but I don't think the camera shows
how beautiful it is so let me give you a
different viewpoint
we did that on tour everybody looking
back up like how do we get away with
that
on tour without clearance even and the
audience loves that we would fly the
drone in the arena over the audience's
head over the one lip lawsuits per day
like looking back I think about all the
time like how do we get away with it
speaking of the tour and you didn't ever
see the tour documentary that Roman and
I release it's good it's actually really
good I love it
proud of it well there's an IV on if you
haven't watched it you can watch it now
for free click the link in the
description below its on go 90 right now
and you can watch her for free um I
probably look different active
difference I don't judge my past actions
for know I was good now when I was great
phenom yeah it was it yeah it wasn't me
I have these jonghwa so check it out in
the description below
Roland versucci tour doc it's free fine
okay I think Roman I can't think of any
other friends of mine who would have a
donkey I was like a house band what's
the name again
Empire Empire yeah can i how do you do
it how do you say how to a donkey hey
I'm pregnant I like you fellas you think
ceases all he doesn't take anything he
mo tried telling me how to say hi to a
horse and he's like you have to feel the
spirit and you got to like talk to it
and all this buzz I don't think you had
any experience all right guys before
Roman gets back that's going to smile
more
you guys know whenever I come to this
model or store I love his work I'd take
like whatever I can borrow borrow on
this journey we're borrowing here all
right we need we need new stuff I did
this last time I got like a getting get
hot hot want to tank huh oh hell yeah
okay Teemo Teemo come here come here
quick yellow yellow just start just
start just start you're wanting to catch
me a completer epic a nice journey right
now he runs like the tries to help
succeed we can't carry that this will
fit in the back where is it you said the
door doesn't last
right Oh chemo chemo did you uh with a
knee lost looking for the bed and of an
object we're just kidding guys you know
we would never take from we know we will
never say from Roman I do not want I'm
watching I do want to hide what's gonna
hurt you ah one of you oh my favorite
hat yeah my couple good give it out
original nice yeah we have a couple in
here eyes over one just keep running
like a box of 20 bucks is funny like I
just think so yeah yeah whatever you
guys want Wow and or do you cific it is
cajun food rude how many can you say how
many do you want
I'm not kidding we're going to beg at
this plunge is it over like 200 bucks on
eBay wide one okay people are just
buying them to sell oh wait you don't
have enough stuff you know why I'm and
are they selling out because I numbered
every one of them and I know I
i repel i have the collector number like
they're selling their collection yay I
just want to say I'm so happy to be back
here at Romans like whenever I need a
pick-me-up or uplifting smile Romans
always there for me like as cheesy it
sounds we text each other like I love
you I miss you and all that good stuff
and in case you guys are wondering where
I got this from when you fly from Qatar
you have to ship all your electronics
that's bigger than a phone and so they
made a ship our camera but when we were
in New York on our stock over a lady who
was from Jamaica said she loved being
Tyler Perry's boom with your Halloween
so we talked and then she got me this
right here so thank you so much and yeah
I appreciate it one more thing added to
the journey what's going there good tip
line towers like legit three BMX jumps
have you showed that yeah well I haven't
showed it for a while but it's not done
you wanna go see how deep it is yeah the
only way you can tell is by going to the
bottom of it oh so is that the pool yes
how deep is the pool going to be fifty
PhD it's what you're actually going to
have like a pool that goes that low no
it's so there's really a big white sand
box can come all the way up look like
buoys uh-huh and then this is gonna have
a dock with three BMX jumps well and
then that side you got a giant 30-foot
zipline tower that comes all the way up
here and then we got water trampoline
and a blob for the tower music but not
done it's so far from bone do we I come
in when I come here when it was done you
know what just because you do need a
shower the old version of me never would
have done this because he was always too
worried about stuff but you know what if
it was deep though what would you do Oh
Betty you know like literally my only
pants at my home I don't
here I add eggs we're doing it now cuz
somebody mentioned the scene of us at
the farm my shirt was all dirty and
muddy the old version of me if I had a
little speck on the old go crazy but
they're like dang he's really like being
true to him fountain them now just take
off you change like what oh I used to
feel a flip or a diver cool diver I
don't know how to swim
fun fact I don't know how to swim I
never properly learned that's why
everybody laughed at me when I fell in
that jump was Tanner Foxx
I really didn't know how so it looked
like I was scared I just don't know how
to swim I can get from point A to B okay
but it's not proper but what if he just
jumped in here do like a cool dive
countdown yeah hi three two one
I wouldn't illusion you know I've never
seen that stuff done before so I think
it's up there with like a dick for
originality I'll even in a fix I want to
know what changes it thank you you're
the free
are you gonna jump so you guys saw what
I had with me when we started this
journey I want to show you everything I
have in my backpack up until this point
I look completely empty now have my
laptop so we can do the editing through
the night but check this out this is it
this pair of pants two tank tops a shirt
and a pair of like spandex pants and
what I'm wearing so the other day when
you asked Tommy and just plain spandex
and everybody was like that's disgusting
put some shorts on put some pants on I
literally had nothing to wear all I had
was what I had so that's all I was
rocking what I was rocking so yeah we're
staying true to the journey all we have
is what we packed and it's actually
getting less and less because I dropped
a lot of stuff off along the way and
like different people's houses
hotel rooms and all that stuff so when I
was getting small more stuff almost
there kids
might actually need some stuff yeah let
me see the most beautiful thing in the
world like a big and letting up bro I've
been working out but I'm going back I'm
not there yet oh I'm just not there yo I
was telling on how Brittney is the first
friend of every life has has been
pregnant it's crazy
I've actually never even touched a
pregnant belly
for but they said I have to wait no she
starts moving yeah the shock right now
my baby girl is protected
hi I've got an alarm system on whistling
of gosh ah sham a name yeah it's funny
is all supposed to be quiet around a
birthday and it was reported right I'm
not having the baby right no diamond
touch your belly good hard yo guys
so one thing we don't show you on this
show is how much work goes into
pre-production during production like
how we think out the shot the editing
and all that and the hardest part about
this journey so far has been editing and
I thought about that in the Middle East
and I think that's where a huge drop-off
was because we've been creating
beautiful content but sometimes we've
had to outsource the Edit to have people
help us and we didn't have Wi-Fi or
whatever reason that we knew we weren't
going to be able to get it up in time
and they weren't able to tell the story
and beautiful as we would have liked so
starting from right now until I find one
of you to travel the world with us and
edit I'm going to start editing so if
the production quality diminishes or if
it gets worse just know that it's me try
my best and I hope that gives it life
and you appreciate that as opposed to
life being like you'll just sucks so we
might lose some quality right now until
we get things rolling but it's going to
be what's the word that when I'm doing
it it's going to be
raw then signal there's a word from your
heart personal more personal can be
personal because you guys know this
project with my baby so now I'm going to
start so this one way you're watching
I'm going to go edit right now so I hope
you all appreciate that if you do get
this video a big thumbs up so Roman is
showing us his gamer side to him right
now is he's my chemo right now so I
found a little 9 now what game was this
Roman this is battle ground and I'm
definitely Jake we got game or Rome and
there's a red dog calling off inside a
beetle get in my face Nick closer yeah
get closer yeah don't you want to see
the detail ray so easy to follow so
chemo things you could beat me in FIFA
so I asked Roman and who can bite people
Nathan yeah so tomorrow you're going to
be a whole to my competition between me
and chemo going down chemo legality
alright didn't you know where we're
sleeping tonight
now I can't stay like this
really reality Oh promise
yo-yo ever hope for each other 901
computer cuz without Brittany's issue on
now I'm sorry we got her
sorry
are you serious
