stop I'm sorry it's not what you think
swear I wouldn't even want to disrespect
you just it's just so tempting I'm sorry
naughty naughty
are you stupid a single piece of dust
goes in there it is on you how much
you're in debt who did you even come
from don't ask me where I came from
where did you come from sneaking into
the dining room mom sorry we have no
friend nobody's gonna come to this room
everybody goes in there what do you mean
I have no friends just last week I'm he
was about to come over
you're so stupid you're grounded you've
never grounded me
alright how long am i grounded for until
you are married and that's what I say no
more saying so how if you want me
oh no I will get you married to Fatima
John and she will come over here and we
will have the whole entire wedding
inside the dining room but you are not
allowed to enter because you're so
stupid I'm gonna tell you a beautiful
you look today baby really it's your job
isn't it yes it is
oh mama supey thought James subject on
me I still call your Baba now please
don't pop up and do anything with don't
call bubble please don't go Baba your
big trouble
hello hello father
sonic come home right now you're the
sons hands are very red I caught him he
was thinking into this alone bringing
room for laughing but you said you still
have eyes in the back of my feet I'm not
stupid
naughty naughty your ma ma ma ma where's
the ketchup oh well like if it's I see
it in the front of your eyes if I find
it you had dip meat belonging shithead
you said you're so stupid you didn't see
the ketchup it says right here Hunt's
hundred well I could kill you
