I want to talk to you guys about the
fights of love the fights that start for
no apparent reason and run hours and
hours and hours on end the fights that
have the power to ruin beautiful
relationships friendships marriages and
even families back and forth back and
forth is how our fights transpired
through the night you call me crying
yelling screaming shouting only to have
me hang up because I got the upper hand
I'm on top of the world you are begging
for my love and I don't really care
because I got you exactly where I want
you text up your text telling me how
much you need me asking for forgiveness
your fingers aching aching but still
they type typing with anger and passion
and love broadcasting through all the
tips of your fingers travelling through
satellites or words expressing years of
our love some down to one paragraph only
to be erased as soon as it pops up on my
phone from dusk till dawn you fight and
fight until you realize that this should
just say right as I'm about to put my
head down asleep as when the game is
flipped and now I'm on my knees all it
took was for you to give up and now I'm
furious ready to blow up why the hell
don't you care is all I could ask you
smiled your ass to sleep and left me
here to weep love is a confusing game
which may ask me goes around it around
because of bitterness and pain jealousy
is not an attitude but a poison a poison
that lives in our blood connecting my
heart to yours bites that start for no
apparent reason other than you answering
the phone with a high instead of a hello
are you getting mad at me for letting go
your hand to scratch my head which
happen to happen is a cute long live
past our path or be get it mad because
you said you were going to sleep in I
hung up and I didn't get no call back me
then questioning and doubting our whole
relationship which in all honesty it's
just a true portrayal of my true feeling
towards you can I get this mad if I
didn't love you always ask same game
same words same emotions will can fight
after fight button and the night I was
ending up with the same passionate
emotion
I love you always in forever baby
be said to allow my anger-filled head
connelly go to bed back and forth back
and forth so are quite sure inspired
till tonight
