why is that I got oh my god I can't I
can't hear you I'm playing games my
headphones are on Luther Oh God all
right guys we'll be right back when mom
keeps calling me of your I'll be right
back
what what Yussef come down then no just
tell me from up here I don't want to
come down you said I'm coming who's that
what have you send text naughty naughty
naughty naughty naughty naughty
II
start the name no reason I have some dog
in the name on it damn it damn it after
her she knew this is my room just not
complain it in italic name a face ba ba
ba
mama I just got it delivered good mama
mom I just got into a car accident mom I
just robbed a bank
the cops are after me and I don't know
where to go mama I know my mine F is
enough you have to know some of them
Holly Vienna I'm gay
I don't know himself you know what
you're a gay well we're not your God
I'll show you gay MA mama can get $20
I'm going out with friends
what are you going with there's the
matter you don't know them tell me okay
Phil okay Brandon okay Sam Wes kites
okay crystal
you said where did you go last weekend
to the movies like I told you Fatma told
me she saw you at the movies with a girl
how does she even know me Arafat Maris
do you have a girlfriend you sir he said
we're Muslim II we don't don't
girlfriends no girlfriends in this house
none
you see what is wrong with tamanna she
has a bit of a family she is very
beautiful
she wears hijab she has a PhD in the
Bachelors of Science and the
rejuvenation of the studies of science
and all the sciences in the world
I got married at the age of 13 you are
21 far too old you want to have baby too
late I want an arranged marriage please
you pick up this list Miriam Zakia for
me yes I mean John many Canadian others
oh shut off let me get up mother water
Stacy what she's like 14
true but when you are 60 she will be 48
and that's okay happy we have you tried
Muslim friends calm I will create an
account for you
