is it on is it recording
I'll see now greetings YouTube you don't
know me I don't know me it is an army
she doesn't know me but trust me you
will know me what - pussy - gonna bring
you comedy skits what am I gonna bring
them you knew this all right
my name is fouseytube uh you you you can
call me pussy
you can come Yusef you can call me use
this if you like but as long as like
watch my videos like my videos and
subscribe to my channel my promise y'all
bring me funny things my channel is
gonna involve like comedy skits it's
gonna have like funny scenarios on the
public it's gonna have me giving you
guys relationship advice because omits
all this craziness I do give good
relationship advice and it's gonna have
a lot of girls we're gonna bring you
channels like every week you know like
every Monday we are we gonna do Sunday
well you seven what tip you guys a
little background about Who I am and who
influenced me to become this person that
I am today I'm gonna tell you guys a
little about me um some of my role
models growing up I would have to be you
know some of the greats like Justin
Bieber Rebecca Black uh Tiffany Tyson
you know you know I'm Finney Tyson yet
yesterday was my birthday but today I'm
finna Tyson Thursday Friday after that
is Saturday why the hell do you post
pictures on Facebook what you eat
formulated a team together of like you
know directors and business partners and
and people are gonna help me just start
this YouTube channel because I want it
to be big like I want to go from a
nobody like the nobody I am today
because I don't know who I am I'm sure
you don't know who I am - uh somebody
you know select like like a Timothy
DeLaGhetto or Fahim Anwar or Kingsley I
have you girl with them soft lips you
may know me from videos such as customer
productions Twitter addiction Afghan
shore MySpace addiction you may know me
from my work at channels the
p90 experiment dough but Rho nom you may
be looking at this video and go who the
hell is this guy I don't wanna listen
this guy why is he talking on you're
looking at him why the hell does he have
his eyebrows done so for you typing that
mean comment and to tell me something
that I don't want to read let me say for
you you are this I'm not gonna do it
again little pussy talk
is it on yeah is it recording yeah this
part of the video 20 years old 20 year
old
