previously what is a chance other
possible time this journey does not stop
we are still going and check this out we
now have to loosen Caesar I see there I
lose hi Cesar the limb you remember me
huh
she remember me from yesterday I lose
loses my sleeve is like the camera
welcome to project butterfly Zeus users
either leave them flat me again
silifulin Abbas Abbas Abbas Abbas a
possible yeah I was happy before they
love you hey getting in your shirt oh
dude this I've done guys look good up
there we go yet this video like clouds
right
the new Bureau team has enough I feel
Robert oh my god guys
after stay as calm as possible right now
where is it your life is the lion name
is reading the bottom there is a lot
just a couple very fancy but somebody
like aa member be friendly yes you can
stay with your food
oh my god don't you remember what I am
public you know okay well it was a kid
I've never met a line before I've always
wanted to be a lion I'm there you see
that's the conversation of Paris with me
come up when you want to go he walked in
that does the confident because they
said all right listen we want you to
become you can be comfortable time yeah
if I reacted if I don't you know I'm
gonna have to sit here so once we get
him things with you
oh yeah yeah yeah
look at that occasions they're all like
whatever I do possible how many you guys
gonna what is it just a corner
oh my god they calm everybody just stay
calm oh let go hey let go
stay calm everybody just stay calm oh oh
there was your phone no mine is mine oh
that's my father
we need pretty big laugh I'm Daniella yo
that children react one quick reaction
over to do it yeah I got it over to the
place
so unfortunately then yellows camera
just broke while we were out here so you
know what you're on project butterfly we
got to roll with the punches so we're
going to start using Yusuf's camera
until we are able to fix Daniela's
camera today we're just chilling at this
catotti beach house we're hanging out
with lions
this line is named Simba we're hanging
out with cheetahs I don't know that
cheetahs name we're hanging out with
chimpanzees and we're hanging out with
great people and Daniela got herself a
boyfriend
speaking of Cheers the second you said
that jumble oh whoa he has attitude this
guy yeah this is the way oh there are
they fighting or play fighting and when
did you become big enough that you
cannot clear it anymore
we can always looting he's just six
month old well I used to have one like
almost two years old he has the main he
had everything that was so cool wow that
was so good when you lay down with the
big law and you know hmm
it's so cool so have they been friends
ever since they were born we trying to
make them friends you know but yeah they
they fun together you know so that other
than who separate those differences are
just for right now
yeah like it doesn't do anything to the
only plays with them like normal by
things you know yeah how do they happen
oh oh oh oh hello self action yours are
the labelling oh oh oh you're really
over come here
ah I gonna have you be cold yeah yeah ah
like you smoke too you know oh wow Simba
you're beautiful no oh why why did you
do so so far I've been a fan of
everybody except for the cheetah so
readers like that okay fixation points
case in point caught on camera right
there you didn't see it you only saw
what when he got there you didn't see
him running under miles per hour at me
you didn't see that and you had that
slow yellow lion get along here we then
that custody they have to get along like
what our young we put them together you
know hey hey hey hey no yes I thought my
other form of Alex um I'm not a boy Wow
like they love to be carried I don't
know worry really they would jump like
up way up together every day
you won't let any of us carry him right
no I doesn't know who they're with
really stomach so the beginning yeah
well laughs um focus was like you don't
play with him but I don't tell me to
early yeah he loved it like that count
is a very open move
look he's comfortable like they're
giving lions massages they not here go
do it look he's just gonna lick he was
gonna be key okay Simba Simba be nice
all right
Oh be nice Caesar you've been in the
bathroom the whole time can somebody
else use it please please okay
oh you didn't flush you're not going to
flush really come on man how am I going
to use it now
all right so here's what's going on
today is my last day in Doha Scapa I've
learned so much about this country one
thing in particular is that there are
two things that they love they love
their horses like they take care of
horses they raise horses horses are like
children here another thing they love
our cars they love all kinds of cars but
the best part about it is they don't
show off their cars they have some of
the nicest cars but they're very humble
about it so I got a proposal I got asked
do I want to race a horse of course I
said yo I don't I don't I know him fast
I don't think I'm that bad and they said
no we want you in a supercar so today
I'm going to race the qatari horse while
I Drive a Mercedes AMG GTS
let's go so this is warm up against
today our rider today is on Gullah and
he's riding his prized possession named
Ruby now ruby was born in Qatar and she
is a female so this is what I'll be
driving a Mercedes AMG GTS now what that
means is I have no idea I don't know
anything about cars
they just lended us this car they said
it was fast so we're going to test how
fast it is against the Kothari horse
okay all right I had a little sound to
it I had a little sound to it guys I'm
not even a good car driver the other day
I went go karting and I got lapped by
every single person on the course so the
horse might beat us today the horse
might actually beat us place your bets
right now in the comment section who you
think is going to win me or the horse
there's our competition right there in
front of us as you can see Ruby now I
would not be doing this had it not been
for the fact that I learned how much
they love animals here and how much they
protect their animals so when he first
proposed the idea to me I was like you
know that doesn't even sound like you
know we don't do that in America but
then once I got an understanding of like
they
don't mistreat their animals actually
love their animals they care for their
animals they raise their animals they
protect their animals I'm like all right
I'm down for this this would be a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity imagine
if this had night kisses oh I've been on
sea for comfort it has a sports mode oh
there you go there you go whoo all
there's no way there's no action give
the horse a head start there is no way
all his cars fast all is a race mode Oh
race mode oh this is done I think this
videos going to be more about how fast
the AMG goes then the horse go Mercedes
if you're watching this you're getting
free plug here I'll let you put this is
donate to my charity anybody watching
this video one thing I want you to take
from this video is I would never trust
me with a vehicle of yours I'm not
telling them this now so we can get this
video done but next time don't trust me
other vehicle not kicking
Oh maximum speed reached what as a
maximum speed of an exhaust this has a
maximum speed what is that about we got
an answer I just killed a bird like it
wasn't even intentional we were driving
so fast on that straightaway a bird flew
into the windshield is that my fault
because the word would have flew into
the windshield regardless of this oh my
goodness they just picked up the bird
off the side of the road
some kind of getting shots ran out to
emulate the race on the road it's super
windy right now though so I'm having
super trouble flying the Mavic that's
the problem with it being so light my
arm hairs tell me it's about almost
sunset
I don't see my competition anywhere here
we might not have a race today guys so
good I'll raise myself I'll race the car
jump out put it on autopilot while I run
beside it you subversive pussy versus
pussy
who's diverse uses exclusive
you're going to go you go standing
instead behind you fielding and to my
sides of truth from our left side
there's the sky where am I
these shots are just not possible guys
like it's funny when I'm watching the
shots we're capturing on this journey
and we've just begun but when I'm
watching it I feel like I'm watching
something that I would find on TV but
I'm watching something that we are
creating we are living and it's just so
beautiful like looking at where we are
right now
we are currently 900 meters away with
the drone into the sunlight 9 working on
a thousand right now going over the
water I have never gone this far before
it's going if I've hit a thousand right
1000 I'm stopping I'm going to stop
right there I just got where is a key
point 3 minutes and 30 seconds of
footage going that way non-stop a
thousand meters
Wow you sure is coming back
you know when I jumped on this journey I
didn't know what it was and I told
myself I would find it along the way and
the day that you just saw us experience
I I don't even know yet if the footage
that we captured really showcases the
authenticity that was felt that day all
around us you know I come from a place
like Los Angeles where in my industry at
least your reputation is built on how
well you're like how much money make the
chains you wear the shoes you wear you
know the number of Instagram followers
you have and all of that good stuff I
really lost sense of the real world real
life outside of LA outside of
understanding that even if me as a
fouseytube persona was gone it's not the
end of the world because I'm still there
as you said living in the real world so
yesterday I had that awakening and it
showed me a side to life that I hadn't
seen in a long time and it was felt by
me chemo and daniella and we all shared
the same sentiment and that is why we
all made a decision to embark on this
journey called project butterfly a
project butterfly is going to be a
grassroots movement it's going to be a
charity built from the ground up now I'm
announcing this while it's still in
progress because I want you guys to be a
part of the whole process of it we're
figuring out everything as we go we're
learning as we go so when we launched
this charity we're going to allocate
money in different ways like when we
sell merchandise is going to go towards
the charity and on this journey you guys
are going to see us spend that money as
a charity helping different people
around the world in any way that we can
we all know our main cause yet we don't
know the main purpose yet because we're
discovering it as we go as we continue
on this journey I'm sure we're going to
see moments
time where we are asked to help and
that's our opportunity to help we're
going to promote love peace and
positivity and we're going to create a
real important right now forget about
yesterday and don't worry about tomorrow
this is project butterfly I want you to
be a part of team butterfly so what do
you say you ready to change the world
guys we've been stressing we've been
trying to edit these videos it's damn
near impossible it's ruining the journey
for us I'm getting out of here I'm going
back to the root of the journey
we're traveling we don't know where
we're going yet but we're leaving but
one thing and you can ask Daniela this
one thing that has kept me sane during
this and I don't care what anybody says
about this I haven't even shown you guys
like my life my personal side one thing
that's we're making me happy is this
song I'm being dead ass serious and I'm
not being sarcastic
it was caring a lot guys Jake and Logan
y'all killed it they love it so much
take away the money my dancing and Lexi
jump
the energy
