previously you know what's next what am
i doing in this hotel room right now are
they mad that I'm in a hotel room should
I be in this hotel room um they're just
I'm feeling a lot of pressure and it's
really weighing down on me all right
everybody today we are in the desert and
we are about to go sand doing
Daniella's here with me look at these
contraptions that we're wearing we have
to literally be strapped in and buckled
in like this and in front of us there's
bars right here there's roll bars on a
year there's roll bars in the front we
have Mohamed right here how am i doing
introduce yourself hi guys I'm having
the reset I'm a ready driver oh he's a
rally driver he's an ambassador for Red
Bull and he's about to scare the hell
out of us you guys know how I am in cars
so I'm pretty scared
kemo yo hey villain y'all about to let
you experience this I just wanna see
your face that's all I want to see is
lose these faces once you hit that dude
oh wait this is a dude in it now your
services not yet oh she's out you bring
your bed with over her okay yeah a
little picnic going on so Dani how did
you feel you know I'm just an here
enjoying the view how you like to heat
them oh my god the sand is hot hot hot
potatoes oh we talking about Wow
here is the room I just talked about it
I'm not getting out the ball okay I'm
not getting out the car sorry I didn't
something crazy one in crazy zoo no I
didn't no way I'm not doing it
I did feel you said feel great in the
car and you're gonna fly don't yo what
I'm about to do guys we're about to
drive as I fly the drone so the drone
shots you're going to see are not taken
from us outside of the car it's from
inside of the car it's going to be
nothing I got out the car just like
instead of patrol and get back in it's
actually not that bad it's not hot it's
like windy right I like it a lot
actually feels great out here
oh all right get in the car yeah
Oh
big so I see is this going on who see
the photo shoot - in the middle of
freaking desert Johnny one in the Middle
East we're giving up the Middle East
were giving them the desert okay I the
brilliance an amazing
how does it feel huh feels great do step
through this is really get into this
desert mode big shout-out to the man
himself for taking us on a wild
adventure I wish you to vote um thanks a
lot guys on your next rally thank you so
he does rallies what are they called
again rallies note about the big one the
big one is a car earlier he does the
Dakar Rally and what place did you play
flat temptation tend to place the
youngest person in the rally and he
plays 10 place for congratulations Roman
we're coming for first next time we're
coming for first yellow the next yeah
doing it with book this is our name
now I'm deciding this is our rough man
this is Abdullah this is some s oh
that's like a game set in buzzer beater
King get all the air of gods names and
want to go this 25 my brother's names
are I'm a gentleman and my name is
Mohammed my brother's names up this
month that's crazy Wow see Oh in the
Arab community there's only like a
handful an agent put in a hat so you
only have to trust using to be uses men
come
the she's appearing to so many whoa
hahaha
honestly I've never seen any English so
this is were having a thought is is
where we're breaking our fast up here
Wow yeah I said hi fire normally yes but
this no cuz I don't feel like you're
falling over the ledge Wow
and ever
Wow I am speechless like never in a
million years that I think that I would
be having dinner and breaking fast at
the top of a building and cut our 48
stories up in the air the only thing I
wish right now is on my mom and dad were
with me mama ba ba I wish you guys were
here you guys are the missing component
to my spiritual journey also dollar in
muffin but I don't want to put my
parents with them kiss my dog wow this
is beautiful
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
I'm getting ready for EM come to me in
Greece that we're doing I don't know
who's going to show up considering they
have school tomorrow and it's Ramadan
and a lot of people are near here but I
just want to talk about what just
happened up there like I kept thinking
that because I thought something about a
lot of people get that experience and it
was like it's a really really really
really really beautiful thing that would
just happen and in fact that I got to be
a part of that life this journey is more
than just what we're trying to do behind
the scenes which were on the road to but
it is my own spiritual journey so that's
meant a lot to me so you might see me do
something like that until I know what
about when you intended to do but like
there's many things I'm trying to do
here many and a lot of work that I'm
trying to do within myself as well so
yeah I hope that makes sense and one
last thing I want to say I never talk
about religion in my videos I never
and money but I do want to say that it I
said this in the earlier episode and
then we got edited out without me
knowing but I don't care what religion
you are
I don't care where you're from I don't
care the color of your skin
I don't care your political beliefs I
don't care so when somebody comes up and
introduces themselves to me that you'll
learn from here expecting me to care
more because I can relate to it not
about that I don't care what your
problem I don't care who you pray so I
respect who you praise to I respect your
beliefs
I respect the color of your skin I
respect because I don't see any of that
it's all love it's all respect so no
matter where you're from what religion
you believe in you know what your
political beliefs are for you as a
person are you a good person let's
remove all labels that we have created
in our society to differentiate
ourselves and divide ourselves who are
you as a person do we love each other do
we respect each other that matters more
than anything so that's why I don't know
a lot of information about even my
closest friends it's like cool cool I
love them and I respect your heritage
but what I love warm when I respect more
is the fact that we get along we love
each other we respect each other I
respect your values you care for your
mother you care for your father you care
about giving back you will back them you
will talk about me when I'm not there a
lot to it so I love and respect all of
you regardless of any of that and no
matter what comes from in I'm going to
respect that religion I'm going to learn
about that religion
and I'm going to you know show love to
that religion and the people and the
culture so on and so forth
chemo that's quick chemo tune guys I
want you here - I eat with those are
hidden like the sand and everything I
don't want to do these even work with us
although yeah
our guys look it's fine right fine
don't respond Vincent you're good
nothing is working anywhere so - we'll
all right you're right Lorne all right I
just want to feel like you sit like I'm
okay
I treat myself a lot and I have to say
it I love myself I'm comfortable and
anything I wear I just have
you guys know me um last year I did the
Roman verse with you to it like I
usually do stuff like you know big and
well but this this time around I just
have been snapchatting like you want to
be I'm going to be here but take the
hospitality I've been showing you guys
and watch what they prepared for a
simple meet and greet and you're gonna I
just I'll wait for you guys to see my my
head my and trims like and all that they
planned it it was theirs I'm going with
it I'm appreciative of it and all I care
about and I told them all I care about
all I care about is if the people who
came are happy or if people even came is
the people came are happy I don't care
whatever happens happens I just want
them to have a good time that's it this
is supposed to be a meet and greet i'ma
go out there and give them a show like a
free show note like nothing's gonna go
out there and I don't feel right just
going up there saying hey guys what's up
in peace so got that I'm gonna do it
right for y'all I love y'all
because they filed that elevating this
is a meet-and-greet for free they're
elevating me from a state
I told you they do things differently
I'm sorry I gotta go on how I apply I
would really like to say pussy makes
great concentration
definitely
I could have planned that better my
intention was just to meet y'all on this
journey and you know what I feel like
mean Daniella need to just go back to
the root of this journey and get back to
just not having a plan not having a
destination not knowing our next moves
not having a place to stay
and literally creating everything on our
own so I think we need to get back to
that and I do want to say though in a
future episode I am going to be asking
you guys if one of you would like to
come worldwide with me and Daniella
travel with us you know expenses paid
for but to be our editor full-time so
there are any serious serious serious
editors out there who have always wanted
to travel the world and experience you
know like like you've never experienced
the before and a whole new world of busi
to get your wheels ready because I will
be asking for those very soon and I will
be taking one of you to join us on this
journey
oh wow
this is a life is about man
