obviously you see these chickens over
there okay be sick oh okay guys just
woke up it's currently 3 p.m. I've been
exhausted so yesterday in the episode
you guys saw the hotel we were at and
the room number or people just showed up
to the door so about the open pretend
like I'm mad why are you why are you
guys here this marble down I'm just
kidding what's up gosh just getting yet
there God
how are you nice to meet you I almost
don't cry don't cry I would do away with
the joking with you you look good Thank
You old man
Ninian his resume yella oh you guys only
get a picture this is great though what
is it
a tripod for the journey
yes oh my goodness maybe I'm glad you're
coming to Italy
Oh
argh introduce it what's your name my
name is Nasir oh
alright I'm not like how much and cuz
it's all get a picture ok I'm changing
okay
ready so as you guys know here on the
journey we're trying to give back as
much as possible the perception of
suffered being the richest country in
the world is that everybody is rich but
that's not the case the men you see
behind me are hardworking men they work
they make a living but they just might
not have the resources or the funds to
be able to help themselves out during
months like Ramadan Ramadan is the month
where Muslims fast for 30 days from
sunrise to sunset so on days like today
the community gets together and sets up
many of these tents around the city
people are allowed to come to the tent
grab box food water and anything else
they might need the best part about it
all they all sit together they laugh
they pause and they're surrounded by
family and friends and positivity and
love so today we welcome you to join in
on this positivity and love let's go so
here we have one of the boxes prepared
for today Oh somebody's phone hello
mother
so here we have one of the food boxes
prepared for today you open it up you
see that they get right they get their
meat and then if you walk down the line
they get their waters and they get their
yogurt who prepares this but who
prepared this meal have your restaurant
if you have moms at home do it as well
so everyone contributes difference so
it's really like it's really a community
effort that really gets together to put
all this and give back to the people and
beautiful so as you guys can see Daniela
is the only girl here right now and I
think that's a beautiful thing because
she's helping out she's the only girl
and people are giving her respect for
that fact so are you intimidated by this
Daniela nah man like I actually really
appreciate that I'm here and that
they're accepting me as a person as a
girl because I am the only girl here but
they're also so kind to me so that like
that really warms my heart in a way too
because they're like oh well it's not
just men like they appreciate me as a
girl they're letting me help out as a
girl and I really appreciate that so
cool on the pan thank you guys thank you
for my love I said nothing and that was
the best time we get to help clean up
so I just want to mention and this is a
small thing as you guys thought when you
came in here everybody had sandals and
everybody had shoes and I had my shoes
out here right my Nikes the beautiful
thing is I should leave them here
unsupervised for as long as I want
they're not going to be taken out here
and that's just a testament to how kind
of people are and know how beautiful it
is like beautiful and I'm so glad we got
to do this today so I hope you guys got
something out of that oh no oh no feel
free to come
what are we keep oh no another one of
these each ha ha ha ha you know what's
going on now you guys are trying to get
me to not leave Gaza that's what's
happening here yeah you guys are trying
to get us to stay here for as long as
possible there's a dining room table
there's a piano
what is this into the rooms on rooms oh
my goodness I'm not leaving I'm just
kidding guys we're leaving I'd uh what
this is not right this is not right
another bathroom why it has its own
kitchen this is not a hotel room what is
this presidential suite guys I just want
to say every night is not going to be
like this we're just experiencing
different parts of the world right now
and this is the experience we're getting
in Qatar
we're going to go to so many different
countries I'm sure some nights we're
going to be in the
desert some nights are going to be in
villas some nights we're not going to
know where we're going to sleep so we're
just accepting anything and everything
right now to the people of cathode who
are giving back so so much and doing
this for us thank you so much we didn't
ask for this we literally left the hotel
with no adventure and then chemo said oh
no they got to another hotel and they
brought us here
chemo thank you for making this happen
without this like because chemo is like
a huge part of this because he's going
to put us in connect with so many
different people in so many different
countries so thank you just for just
starting this journey for us
you're welcome that may be what is this
this is the you know but you do this -
oh yeah that's that that's that's mean
face you know I'm saying that look in
your chemo - yeah it's been a while I
might not do well okay but here we go
and yellow let's look a shove this bar
I already know because I've seen that a
lot of people are like you know you
can't you can't commit to this journey
if you're choosing to live this
lifestyle but I'm not choosing I'm not
asking they're giving and you know I
just um like I said I'm grateful I'm
aware that not all nights are going to
be like this they're going to be some
nights where we sleep in the desert
they're going to be some nights where we
sleep in a villa there's going to be
some nights in some countries where who
knows we're going to sleep so for now in
this episode in kata this is how we're
saying and I'm just grateful so thank
you tell us what we're about to walk
into because I've never done this before
never done this before okay so we've got
to prove every single night I went to a
so hold yesterday but it was at a home
on me so this is one of the hotels for
the u.s. we happen all over the country
you're going to lose some extra game
legs you're going to please the biggest
buffet food you've ever seen and you can
friend me every night every night equals
and give you thanks really
thank you man okay I'm not going to get
into the house let's go
what if whatever we I've never done the
light if you try to look quick my
luckless so that's why he's like forcing
me to just uh these are really young
Howard sleepy sort of gosh or here are
you gonna have to give me three Thank
You Shan well I wish I were differently
so how nice is this
in the midst of all this there's just a
Ferrari chillin right here is that yours
that's yours where's the keys now you
have the keys this whole thing is just
like a buffet you get as much food as
you want you eat and the plan is you
guys know this by now to eat as much as
you can by 3:10 a.m. or whenever the Sun
goes up Oh from our favorite dessert oh
my god oh my god
cheesecake food robbers chocolate
oh my god I need a moment hold on it's
like I'm trying to document it here but
also documented here for you guys on my
snapchat 24/7 to show you guys what's
going on so here they're making Salafis
and you never have to laugh is I don't
know what to tell you I'm just kidding
you have to trifle at it how can i what
shooters 11 chickpeas visit sweet onions
on yonder car so done this is the
philosopher I hear it's basically fried
and inside it chickpeas so the past
couple of nights you've seen us eat a
lot when it's been time to eat and
you're probably thinking but it's
Ramadan
aren't you supposed to be fasting so
basic principles to why we fast is to
regain that sense of humility that sense
of humbleness to free ourselves from the
ego and the greed of more because what I
caught myself doing a lot in my life is
because I have so much around me I lose
sense of my gratitude towards those
things because they're just here oh I
want water I go to the fridge I have
water I want a banana here's a banana
and sometimes you ever eat so much
you're just like oh man I ate too much
that's like that's a blessing that's
over indulging yourself so when you fast
you remind yourselves of the people who
don't have that and how blessed you are
to have that so that's why when it comes
time to eat it is a blessing it is like
a celebration it is like it's good for
the soul in the body although it does
say when you do break your fast you're
not even supposed to break your fast to
the point where you're full you're
supposed to wet your lips
get yourself hydrated eat a little bit
and you know feel healthy so this is
like this is a lot I just learned
something new this is real
telepathically Patrick yeah wait let me
get that on my snapchat who wants to do
it with me on my snapchat okay before we
leave I'm not going to lie I follow the
food and the amount of food and it made
me like wonder where does all this food
go that's a lot of food that you know
and I know how much it can be used for
so before I assuming they want to ask
you what happens to all the food here so
some of it goes to the staff of the
septic some of it and whatever is on top
goes to the misfortunate angles okay so
none of it gets like no no okay I think
okay that's good then so it's like a
constant cycle of giving back eat big
give big and yep okay there we go that's
all I wanted to hear I don't want to
assume anything and you should always
ask before you assume so that's great
and now we are on the way home hey guys
it's currently 4:45 in the morning and
I'm not feeling too good I just uploaded
right now episode 16 the insane car
drifting and I'm unhappy with the
quality of it now the content of it was
great the day that I lived was great it
was a very happy day for me and I was so
excited but I am so invested in this
that I want you guys to experience that
how I experienced it and when I watched
it like as the creator and my artistic
side just didn't vibe with it maybe
that's something I need to learn to let
go on this journey that not everything
is going to go perfect we had 15
beautiful days you guys showed amazing
support and there are going to be road
bumps on this journey I'm sure there's
going to be times where we don't have
Wi-Fi and we're not able to upload
something but in the past all I cared
about as many do was to get views
regardless of the content because all
you have to do is have a catchy title
and thumbnail to get views but now as
I'm on this journey I believe in the
quality of the content versus the views
of the content
so if I'm able to get 100 quality views
it's worth more than as many views as
you want without quality content and it
took me a long time to get to this place
I may be being hard on myself I may be
putting pressure on myself I may be
losing sight of what this journey is
about I may be having an off day I might
be stressing I might be just missing
something in my life right now my dogs
or something um I have a lot of
questions for myself right now like you
know what's next what am i doing in this
hotel room right now are they mad that
I'm in a hotel room should I be in this
hotel room um they're just I'm feeling a
lot of pressure and it's really weighing
down on me and I'm not asking you guys
to put anything positive in the comments
to cheer me up I'm just venting how I
feel so with that being said I'm going
to really try to find time for myself to
sit down and ask myself what this is all
really about one more time and really
just fine to myself again and back to
the adventure of it all and not like you
know what I feel like I'm doing now I
don't even know what I'm trying to say
um I don't know this is something that
actually kept to myself because Jay Cole
has a line that says um and I don't ever
tell you how much I'd be stressing
because I do but I suck it up for who my
fans and my man's as creators we do
stress we do go through that but that
doesn't mean you guys the people who
support us deserve to hear that like you
shouldn't have to hear us crying and
moaning over something so minimal in
something so small especially with the
support that you give anyways thanks for
letting me vent
um
I hope you guys took something from this
episode and hopefully I can bring you
something meaningful tomorrow I love you
and until next time
