I'd like to dedicate this video to my
best friend in the entire world my
savior my companion my first dog ever
and the most gentle and kind soul that I
have ever met he goes by the name of
dollar he came into my life three years
ago at my darkest time and now he has
gone back to heaven dollar served his
purpose
dollar stayed with me dollar kept me
happy and dollar led me back here to New
Jersey to spend time with my family
where I'm supposed to be before leaving
to any pet owners out there I hope you
kiss your dogs today kiss your cats kiss
your pets today this video might be hard
for you to watch so I'm going to give
you that warning right now but this
videos to my dog to my baby my best
friend
I love you Dollar and thank you to
everybody who ever showed him any ounce
of love and any joy he touched so many
lives and he could never be replaced I
love you dollar I miss you I need you
more than you know but I know that
you're happier right now when you're at
peace I'll forever protect you and
you'll forever be the dollar to my dream
just acknowledge to the hospital and my
babies one of the way to heaven right
now
and I have to take him to Northstar vet
right now much like when we were
sleeping I whispered to him I said baby
if you need to go you can go I'll just
add and he woke up this morning and he
was had bad diarrhea with blood threw up
twice and now he started shaking my baby
is so strong I'm so amazing but I know
he wants to go to heaven right now I
know he wants to go to him it he
deserves to go to heaven I love you guys
thanks for being with me right now this
is my first ever dog this is my first
ever baby and I know I can't be selfish
right now I know it's miss rim when
you've got avid to my arms right now sad
that you have to the hospital
thank you so much so strong so strong
for so many years I got dollar inside
and they rushed him inside to put IVs in
him and to get him his medicine going
again and they asked me this time do we
have permission to resuscitate him if
anything happens and I always used to
say yeah because I knew that he was he
was good and he was strong but because
of how much he suffered now I said no
and if he passes just let him go my best
friend did literally my best friend
muffins that spread muffin to brother I
just want him to be happy now that's all
the doctors just checked there's
anything they could do they got a sugars
level of love but they said it's no
progressive kidney failure I asked live
at lemon it's cruel of me and if I'd be
killing him if I were to put him down he
said no in which end is suffering never
dealt with the noose before there's so
much of you
I just moved to New Jersey so he can
start a new life here dollars was why
because look at me please baby I'm so
sorry
well I love you so much what's alright I
want you to think I gave up on you I did
it I promise I'm doing this for you okay
hi Shelly um I'm wondering if you two at
home at euthanization why did you offer
that father I'm at the hospital right
now and they won't um they were going to
do it today so I was wondering if
there's anything that could be done let
me - let them find out for you okay
what's your name my name is you said
Joseph
yeah okay I chosen what's the name of
your hat no doesn't even dollar dollar
yeah a dollar like DOL lar corrector
emergency right magic set yeah thank you
come here Molly
of course I'm so sorry I don't have
anything available at all it looks like
for the week sweetie
holler we're gonna go say bye damn
wealth and okay I wish I could give you
something to eat but I don't think you'd
eat it right now baby
muffins gonna give you so many kisses
and a hug okay and then I'm the letter
happiest blanket forever so she can
smell you forever okay have you dug you
so much so many people love people you
made so many people happy over the years
all my friends all my bed so many people
got you present he changed so many eyes
but expect Stella come here I show what
a good boy you are career
look at all this fur it's going to be an
experience but he's the best thing
that's ever happened to me so I'm really
happy
oh good job I'm about to give dollar his
first haircut you exit oh my goodness
here is my pickle oh but I guess new
movie this is too crazy for me boy I so
big
how'd you get so big this is the exact
location I got dollar from like I was
right here
the first time I picked up dollar he
actually finds lost as much as I climb
where you where you going
I'm sorry chill just chill chill chill
you the dollar do you remember this
place
do you remember I think your numbers
hey mom wanna be dollar she got act
every dollar parking four years
you got a president for him
my name
Oh
and all our cuddle every night like this
everybody roaming just my dollar I
didn't notice that
well yeah picking my watch
the idea how little it nobody does until
UVM yes I put something that no matter
where I am or what I'm going through if
I look down on my honor I'm going to
have a bigger smile on my face when I
look at the picture almost here because
I have happy picture maybe so there's
nothing else I want on me
for the rest of my life than this you
guys I got you I got my dollar you
lasted the whole trip and now you have
this huge backyard to play in your free
cellar you not supposed to follow me
you're free to go I was so excited to
move to New Jersey because I used to
tell dollar all the time that there was
a huge backyard waiting for him because
his favorite thing to do at dog parks
was to run around you know the open
grass and one since he got here he
hasn't been running around not once and
now we have all this grass for him to
run around like you see muffin running
around right there and dollar still
hasn't got the experience here once Ben
get dollar to run with you let dollar be
a part of the fun dollar you're forever
going to be the king the Lion of this
grass okay you're always going to be the
king
mufon's going to be your queen you know
her she's a troublemaker you are a lion
you are so strong you are ferocious hey
you guys gave each other trouble your
whole lives I need you guys to be nice
to each other right now muffin you made
dollars life so just look up sometime
you know how many times you would beat
him up and take his toys and eat his
food
you know how much times I had to put you
in timeout because you would eat dollars
food when he wasn't eating dollar muffin
is sorry okay you know I'm okay with him
just sitting on my lap like this forever
you know he doesn't have to play doesn't
have to do anything and I'm totally okay
with this but yesterday I asked him and
I told him you're ready to go just go
and this is him telling me he's ready to
go he's happy he knows muffins happy he
knows that we're going to be safe here
in New Jersey so everything's going to
be okay dollar you were the best thing
that's ever happened to my life I'm
sorry for all the times I punished you
when you were a baby for partying all
over all of my apartments sorry for all
the times I yelled at you for being so
annoying and all you wanted to do is
play with me and cut it I love you so
much and you're always going to be with
me I even got you tattooed on my arm
buddy you're always going to be with me
you're always going to be the dollar to
my dreams
four dollars favorite toy ever since he
was a baby has been this muffin this is
not your time one of you guys got him
this when I was on tour and even when
he's been sick right now
this is gave him energy and of course
muffin steals it from him that's been
his favorite toy even even when he's
been lethargic and had no energy
life squeak that he becomes a whole
different animal so I thank you I don't
know which one of you got him that but I
thank you so much because it brought him
so much happiness in his life and even
on his life
day look how happy it makes it there you
remember this oh look at this energy
come from dollar you were barely moving
area today it was frustrating luck is
normal happy healthy dog why did you
have to go he's happy he has progressive
kidney failure no matter how much he
gets better in the hospital and IVs and
fluids when I bring him home I'm gonna
get worse
don't know it's soso muffin who's boss
muffin but get so much energy now I
brought this for enjoy l want to come
with us come on dolly
he'll Mia that I do for a little bit man
gets tired
he'll over again oh yes muffin course
I'd say either some time with him please
help if he needs you right now
dollar I got you something
I got you something come here buddy open
you can't have this this is for dollar
muffin dollar come here baby I know I
never let you have any of this
you don't want it
oh come here baby
do you want to me you'd want to go on
the grass I wanted to have one last time
on the grass or don't like he doesn't
want it guys it's time and the more I
prologue it is making it worse for him
that's right on the corner right now so
with love and blessings and prayers I'm
just going to take it oh oh don't I love
you so much maybe every one of you every
one of you so much
got a dollar a dream that's all about
like that so I dream fluffy no spots no
I am $2 when I started YouTube in 2011
j.cole you heard so much Jake what about
your life he was the one who saved me
for you and he believes in bel-air in a
dream and that was my first ever tattoo
so I already had my dream you knew that
but I never had my dollar with you I
thought it might ruin the process to
with you
you filled every hole in my heart
I know I know I know you don't want to
be that you're tired of me you're not
gonna have to anymore this is your first
ever video when I brought you home on
January 9th 2015
I'm sorry brah I'm sorry all right no
he's doing so good you can't be healthy
he plays so much so excited he just
won't eat see there he goes he's waking
up he wasn't napping so that the grocery
store owner a clucking wild I'm sure
aren't you a wild trauma Q you are
breath gonna be an experience but he's
the best thing that's ever happened to
me so I'm really happy that was my last
time I'm gonna ask you on video
no matter how badly you prepare me man
how many times I've sailed through there
for me never ever ever ever ever crazy I
really thought you were gonna see my
first child I really did and I was
excited for it not still show them all
your videos and show them your tattoo
can I ask for one thing from you
remember when you used to kiss my nose
do you have any energy to do that right
now a dollar please all right I gotta
kiss another kiss please another one leg
please dollar
I don't even want to trample it right
now
you
