previously I know a lot of you keep
track of the inventory and I know this
whole style of the journey is changing
as a whole but for now that's what's
going on and my apologies once again
alright guys we're currently in the
desert it's been about 13 minutes we
have no water no food my phone has a
full service
I'm just kidding guys welcome to the
Middle East adventures we are currently
starting in Doha Qatar this is my first
time in the Middle East in 17 years and
I'm so excited to take you guys with us
on this journey we are gonna travel as
much as we can and show you so many
different walks of life so many
different countries so many different
cities so many different kinds of people
and we just hope you guys are just
immersed and fall in love with you know
the people we show you the countries we
show you the languages you show you the
food we show you the the architecture we
show you everything that we see we're
gonna show you let's get started so this
is a museum and apparently we're the
first people to ever get to record in
here this right here is a timeline of
the oil rigs that were built here in
Qatar so years ago like 1950s men like
literally men were the ones who built
all the oil rigs and basically built
Qatar - what you see it now today and
it's just the history of it is just
beautiful this was a commodity back then
this was literally a jar of pineapples
if you had this this is like having a
Nutella over here are some of the men
who work different kinds of jobs the
coolest thing to me Danijela told me
that this was their actual heights
because back then they actually used to
be shorter than you now see us today so
this was unplanned it's music it's music
it's me use it on its music three
Yusuf's
in one place unplanned so this is the
house from the 50s wait in my house my
mom doesn't let me go in the living room
am i lots of stuff yeah are you sure
okay usually there's a no shoes policy
but all stuff on it okay oh I can sleep
in yellow then y'all have fun
wait this is this is an all one home is
it Wow
so if you had money back then this is
your house and all these doors this is
this is your house and this is your
courtyard so this was a grand
turns room and we know we all love our
grandparents right like that was the
ticket spot right here
that's awesome as I try to compose
myself I'm actually scared as hell of
all animals I'm about to give you guys
an inside exclusive look to the
headquarters of the 2022 World Cup like
this is awesome it's actually going to
be here it's the first one that's gonna
be in the winter so congratulations to
Cutler for winning that it's gonna be
awesome maybe I'll come back for that
World Cup and I walked in they had
faithless setup so these are actual
designs of what the stadiums are gonna
look like it's next level I've never
seen anything like this like look I can
choose any stadium right here I'll
choose Khalifa International Stadium
where do I put myself on the map though
Palestine oh wow that's awesome
of course oh yeah I'm gonna leave the
comment in honor of you guys and I'm
gonna for the best family on YouTube
there you guys go now you guys are a
part of the journey with me here oh wow
check that out these are stuff days
they want me to put it on you can help
me put it on alright so normally you're
supposed to get fitted right and but
that takes a while and I told them I
wanted one like ASAP so you brought me
to his home and is gonna give me one of
his so hopefully we have the same bloody
time there we go there we go see what
you do throughout the day by the way
yeah opening filming if you want to
close that looks nicer when you're just
walking around I'm gonna come out and
say this normally you'd wear sandals or
something like that but at this point in
time I can't take off my socks because I
still have nail polish on my feet which
I haven't explained and I'm not walking
around cut thud with nail polish on my
feet I'm sorry mama
I'm sorry Baba I will take it off as
soon as I find someone who can take off
gel and then I wear Sam yo you guys are
the first people to be on
one of the world record holders for
solving a Rubik's Cube
he was just showing off at the end like
I got so this is my favorite favorite
favorite dessert it's called the kunafa
cheesy goodness that's what it is
so you said that he's from Palestine
yeah he's from Palestine and he brings
the cheese from Palestine so it's like
authentic my dad Bob I wish she were
here mama I wish you were here this
whole trip I've been saying I wish you
guys were here you would have
experienced so much so I just want to
say this has been the first day in the
Middle East and to be 100% honest it's
been a blessing it's been beautiful like
the country is beautiful here we heard
so many things before coming here like
yo there's problems there's trouble you
shouldn't be going this has been the
most amazing experience and the
hospitality we haven't even had to lift
a finger we even asked about the poverty
here and they are so well-off and they
take such good care of their country
that poverty isn't a serious issue here
because it's very scarce you don't even
see it like tomorrow I asked them if we
can set up a charitable act and we're
going to pass out food to people who are
fasting so we're gonna get our food for
a thought but the fact that they're
their problems of you know poverty is
minimal is just it's beautiful and mean
then you'll have no idea what to expect
out here so we came out here not knowing
what to expect and all this happened so
now we're going on an adventure with
chemo who you saw yesterday and we don't
know where we're going so I have no idea
what's going on chemo where we going you
will find out soon in 3
I got lapped by every single person I
got last place I got last place so
apparently they have a drifting Club
here they asked me if I wanted to drift
but unfortunately I don't know how to
drive stick but this is what I would
have been driving right here ok guys you
guys know I don't know if you know I'm
very terrified of being in cars in the
passenger seat even when Danielle is
driving stick I panicked to concur that
he's about to drift the car you just saw
and I'm in the passenger so first things
first buckle up and then you tell the
driver please be safe like very safe
maybe just the baby drift yeah maybe
just like it doesn't have to be yeah
just a dope doughnut you got that
no that wasn't me screaming that was a
sound effects I told you we're taking
production up to the next level that was
sound effect I guess everybody get in
friend then he retires and for him it by
the book for havoc so check this out we
just came to another one of their
friend's house and we're about to eat
right now and what time is it right now
it is 119 and we're about to eat because
the fast starts at about 310 but this is
how they wash their hand
okay guys they're gonna teach me the
correct way to eat right now like I know
you're thinking the correct way but
let's find out what that means well this
is cold when you eat before you start
fasting for the next day you have this
is the last meal until in the next 16
hours so this will be the last meal
until 16 hours and you get the yogurt
and the rice and mostly the our culture
they have seafood for sahur most of the
time yeah I don't know that because it
doesn't make dessert
okay Masson everybody I told you guys my
uncle does that and you just saw it he
did that that's amazing
don't be scared to try it okay that
wasn't supposed to happen don't be
scared to try new things they just
handed me this bento so they said this
is like this hit during Ramadan the
sales for this go up so if you want to
invest in something after all the food
you want me to eat this now you have to
cleanse the palate it cleanses the
palate which is there they give they
keep on giving then the other want to
share one way too big which one this one
the food knocked me out like there was
food then there was dessert and then
what did they give us up shoot try this
look nice I ate so much this is a thigh
of guys this is actually my favorite
dessert oh oh this is an actual sword
this is like fruit ninja in the real
life like I'm not saying this is like
this is from how long the hold on old
very old man like this if you guys have
felt with this felt like right now like
this is what that's how you go through
the desert you know if you look how much
strength after use just hold it up Wow
dad is in
that's like a Latin in real life use of
all shoes are yo I might to show you
this guy's crazy backyard okay just wait
till you see what it is what is it what
is it oh my god you said we'll go back
that's a rabbit Daniela
I'm Middle Eastern my backyard had
picnic tables and chairs and maybe it'll
Madonn but oh yeah my name is Sofia hi
Sofia
sorry why am I scared of everything in
life I just drop it sorry
Oh looks like muffin muffin so in case
any crisis happens they have food ready
for them that's that's I wouldn't be
that smart I would go by process Bologna
trust me there's chicken right I'll make
you survive on a bad day come with me
you said come here let me try something
to shoot these chickens over there yeah
I'm going bad I'm leaving my salami at
amadon Nevada I need a blue bottle by
