previously don't miss an episode when we
take our 15 hour flight tomorrow I'm
excited for you to see it I'll gonna
come together
Danijela they give us power
they give us warm towel here they give
us a menu
hahaha we have menu hello blanket oh we
got more goody
oh my god creams from my facebook okay
okay we got me lo she and they realize
but I haven't showered in like five days
that's why they brought this over I know
I need to do that I think I should
shower hydrating facial myth jamon CJ
can I be offended
he thought I was this this side can I
get a medium yo I think I look good hold
on dun dun dun dun da okay I'm getting
kick out the flag you good is that looks
good right too small you have an L
oh I need an L could really play
for the bank's architecting to be office
Thank You distill just imagine from a
back oh I don't know how to read Arabic
but you know what I'm going to stare at
it and pretend like I do as I speak
Arabic I'm figuring reaching one exactly
Luis did create a model you know what
I'm not changing into the large that's
telling life like I'm accepting being a
large no I want to say medium so I'm
going to stay in the medium no matter
how tight it is on my back oh my
goodness is still going oh my belly
buttons up the show oh my good news
alright guys in all seriousness you're
probably wondering what in the world is
going on well I can finally tell you
when I slept over Jesse's house I got so
excited with how the journey was going I
looked at Daniela and I said let's fly
out the country she said okay I know
friends who live in Qatar white so she
contacted those friends and those
friends were able to get us hooked up my
Qatar Airways to fly in their airplane
for free put sitar so I said yes try it
away we have no plans no ideas what
we're going to do no idea where we're
going to say and no idea what's going to
happen but that's just our starting
point and then we're going to travel the
world I hope you guys are coming along
with us on this journey to this about to
get in I understand we're in first class
right now understand how blessed we are
to be in first class and I know there's
still somebody who doesn't watch all the
episodes that are about to come and say
I thought he was homeless how is he
getting first class I've just got this
so many times
and I'm clarified what I meant by
homeless and now anything that comes
with a blessing this opportunity that we
have to be here is a blessed you know
I'm not you know looking for thrills I'm
not looking for lavish lifestyles like I
had a goddess speeds way back there that
would have been our seat but I am in a
black position and I am in a position
where you know I am able to appreciate
things like this and that's why I'm
trying my best to give back a lot of you
are probably wondering but need to part
you fasting well right now we're
traveling I don't want to get into it
but when you travel I'm not going to say
it's acceptable permissible but I'm able
to miss my fast and then going to make
it up so anybody miss on the set and
while I'm eating right now on the
airplane one of the call I just woke up
a for 15 hours and I wake up to
this
I'm this gentleman right here
thank you so much we're here we're here
I'm so excited guys I cannot wait for
you guys to experiences so many of you
watching have only seen the Middle East
from what you've seen on TV in the news
and all that stuff I'm going to show you
a whole new side to this world and I'm
just so excited
I'm not only going to show you the good
sides I'm gonna show you the good sides
the bad sides and everything else that
comes with it let's go
but first after all I was just walking
in the bathroom when he said Aslam o
alaikum to me you don't know what that
means it just means I peace be with you
you know it's a way to bless you it's
such a nice thing to say it's not as
scary as you might think a lot they have
this year growing up my friends always
used to ask me why do you have a water
gun in your bathroom
well this isn't a water gun guys you
know what this is for after you're done
using your bathroom you go like this and
then you get to spray it and it cleans
you better than you ever could this
close I'm not getting let in this is
closed it's closed but thankfully we're
in if all because you had it all because
I keep this closed but we're here whoo
there is so there's the man himself
living out here thank you so much
appreciate
happy birthday Daniela Danny it's ok you
have to get me dressed enough Souls
absolutely because you know the qatari
though is the equivalent to an Italian
soup rhythmically cut
everything is shaped perfectly to your
body also they're going to size me up
yeah well I'd be able to get it in the
same day not on the same day but you get
to choose your fabric you get a treat
the buttons the collar the cups it's
going to be your stuff 3i Enzo a guitar
chillin LeMay used to this is all the
clothes I brought but don't worry we'll
get shop there we'll get you right I'll
do it through the gonna be supplies get
on some foam foam coke as you Japanese
collinsville he's crazy
first things first before even that we
have to go get the episode up for you
guys I don't I told them I don't want to
do anything fun we're running to the
hotel and editing the episodes to get it
up for you guys but let's go
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
I want to say I didn't know where we're
sleeping and these guys got us a hotel
for our first night here but hospitality
to Tori on the back
we're on a journey where words wants to
be like lemons you want to get away to
simply not face we're not paying for it
they got it all we really know what
these people right what do they know you
give back some more life gives back to
you let me give them back a lot to
people from decisions anybody think
right there just been waiting for you
bustle tomorrow me with my linen this is
a Hall full of it
I have no idea where we're walking
oh my goodness
oh thank you so much thank you oh my
goodness what is this this a fresh mint
and lemon juice lemon juice
yes minterms my slipper I take the whole
thing we're going to make sure you had a
really good time no no this is amazing
you're really go kind like well pastry
chef Valerio is amazing I mean he's
written this whole thing I can eat I can
eat this right here Wow very kind
so Daniela has her own suite we did not
need all of this like literally you
could have took us like any like we
didn't need a place well I mean listen I
mean at the end of the day you've been
doing so many cool things for the people
around you we've seen that and I really
believe that the more you give to people
the more that the world will get back to
you and of course we would have done
this for anyone to be on something
because I was known for being hospitable
just saying it right your first timing
to go right yeah and it's first time
Danielle in the Middle East all together
Wow that's the way Wow
thank you so much you know when I first
started YouTube all I used to wear
wasn't that's beer every video keep this
consumer thank you so much so what these
are actually used for let me just give
them a quick briefing so I want you guys
to learn about everything that you can
so these are actually prayer beads so
with each bead so you'll see a lot of
like people going like this right you're
counting off in your head a different
prayer in your language so even if even
if you didn't want to do it like that I
could be like this I love my life I love
my life I love my life I love my life I
love my life you're giving grateful and
then usually in this Esbjerg there's a
break so there's a break right here when
you get to the break you switch to
another prayer and you switch till you
get around and you can keep going over
and over and over so these are very
sacred these are very you know precious
and pure soul so this is all the stuff I
brought for the trip this is Bay
what's in my backpack because I want to
make this a cinematic experience for you
guys so I might not have packed a lot of
clothes but I packed a lot of goodies to
make this I think let me go okay forget
you guys gotta come take this out right
here ah there's a patio look at this
beautiful
oh man look look at that don't do it use
it no it's going throw it out no a
celebration for 10 million - yeah all
cheering you know what's it for my
mirror I don't mean to change the mood
or say something like negative or make
you guys down but on us when I lived in
my apartment in LA oh so what that
scares me don't don't don't don't
please don't I really get scared no no
please I really get my palms are sweaty
right now don't do that I'm red you know
what I'm doing did you rich man tells
you talk to his tux ticket okay do it
try it
yo try oh da trick you just put one hand
here but you don't even oh what story I
was about to say that probably idea
stood there shows the respirator
I'm not doing it and I'll explain why
I'm going to tell you guys are on a
story when I lived in LA but in my
apartment
and I spent every night alone I
satisfied and imagine me going to my
apartment patio and jumping off where I
love land how people would find me what
people would say what the news would say
what my family is decidedly I fantasize
about my suicide daily every night so
the fact that that never happened
obviously but the fact that now I'm on a
Ledge in the same way that I imagine
myself so many times but I'm on a Ledge
now looking over beautiful does with
beautiful people beautiful people
supporting
I say that to say no matter what you're
going through it gets better you got to
be patient
you got to be
you got to know that it will get better
you might not believe that right now but
had I done what I had planned on doing
not only would I have messed up my own
life I would have messed up the life of
my family my friend people cared about
me the people who support me and
everything so no matter what you're
going through hold on because if you
feel like nobody cares about you right
now we care we're creating this for you
we care and just yeah I hope no matter
what you're going through you get
through it now get back over here and
chemo
get back over what are you doing
Daniella stop it's not Instagram bold we
hand hold on hold on in your name no we
don't need a picture then yellow we
doing I don't like this
alright not to show you guys the luxury
of the place our ass but we were just
talking and he has so much plan for
charity that we're going to do out here
right hell yeah
he's the yellow strand and he's part of
the group that's Lewis out here so he
said he has a ton of stuff that we're
going to do so we're not only going to
show you guys this cuz they put us in
that I didn't expect come this way go to
shower that's what I must do I got a
shower it's past midnight by the way
right now guys and I finally got
yesterday's episode up for you guys
alright so first off here they have this
chemo what is it Oh key ball why can't
work on right here just do it Nellie's
good enough uh but no what no what no
what this is for something else where's
the floor right this is why you get
explained to people and they come from
the West
exactly where things are before this
nicely packaged it oh whoa I haven't had
that kind of Russian along one thing
before we leave okay everybody's been
wondering where I got the blue shoes
from the blue hat from that one time and
now these shoes right here I'm so sorry
I forgot to mention when I went to Alex
Wasabi's house I had extra stuff there
and I switched it out and I never told
you guys I even switched again I'm
wearing these shoes now and that's all I
brought here so yeah I know a lot of you
keep track of the inventory and I know
this whole style of the journey is
changing as a whole but for now that's
what's going on and my apologies once
again now we're about to go to the
market and super you have to understand
um this today is really super late it's
really quiet there's gonna be a lot of
people okay so we're just going to take
out like the market late at night and we
can't even have permits so it's gonna be
like a we can't film we can't really
film no because the permits are coming
tomorrow
I can't wait let's go alright guys so
the place we're at right now it doesn't
allow you to film because we don't have
permits and everybody congregates here
until 3:10 a.m. where they have to stop
eating and start fasting for the next
day this is the only place in Doha right
now that's open so we're not allowed to
record but just show them a little bit
show them we map I'm Malou I Drive -
listen I'm sorry me first Irish folk my
dad would love this right now this is
like this is like this is is this is
home this is insane dude this way do you
feel like in the morning man you watch
but the best thing about the middle is
you can just say hi everybody and we
want to make friends like right now my
nickel
I like it here now they all really want
him to shut the hell so they can eat
your food
now Monica this is food then have a
houseful here they just invited us to
eat with them I was kidding because when
you say it's Lamar they come to somebody
it's like the utmost respect to a person
so they're gonna say back to you they'll
never want you to shut up
if you telling them it's lemma it's just
a portrait of me right there I haven't
even been here and somebody already drew
me that's awesome guys I just want to
say so many of you have already tweeted
me saying you want me to like do a meet
and greet out here wearing Doha I
thought and I will I will meet all
I the perfect of energy generation those
in my discretion over the water free
they started to say oh I prefer it
recorded this for a potential killer
cannot occupy our greatest African can
what that mean ' I will stand another
focus of the amount of Galatia that
except they win I've got to be honest
and indeed Chandhok here's a pic of you
 on there how the committee
different men the USA on
it's Karen ridiculously get the box
Sofia left an ID column what ' the loyal
subject what we are back to Caprica
yes that's what a bond is what to eat
it's what you see here it's nice an
ability photograph entire map in front
of a fish a guy behind plan relation to
the hybrid-electric a dark truth okay
the key obstacle a hey chuckling oh
you're back oh my god
no no no it's not funny it's not funny
wow I don't wanna go I'm jealous you're
one of the best actors I've ever seen in
my life
and then I smile down here and in a
second right Thomas kubs public office
oh my god
I smiled at him in his bed he said oh
yeah I need to see an expression that is
a jazz Maddie you are my closest friend
ever
Wow I practiced Oh clapping and it was
God that was so real I got a date with
it oh yeah really red really the hand
came on I tried to get in the middle but
I'm not going to throw it it's Ramadan
you can't get invisible
you
