previously so you've been following the
journey you know that today I had to fly
out to the Middle East to continue
so yesterday I let my friends interview
me on their podcast one on one and let
them ask whatever they wanted and it got
extremely personal I'm about to share a
lot of vulnerable moments with you guys
and a lot of things I wouldn't normally
share let me know truly honestly if you
listen to the whole thing and let me
know your opinions on it all right I'll
see you all tomorrow for day one of the
Middle East adventures Oh baby
hello again this is the apartment I'm
not so Ali this is Ali pollution my my
my do we have a special whoo it's a real
definition of a surprise special guest
your first special guest surprise
special Jenna so today we have use of
sala
Erakat also known as fouseytube my man
hit ten million ten million drivers
you've now step your game up got you Oh
dirty youtubers look this man has become
the most loved youtuber the most hated
youtuber and all in the same year so
yeah yeah and they have and it's become
this love-hate relationship so you know
the arm everyone obviously knows who
this guy is but you know he's range from
doing
comedic family sketched to pranks to
social experiments to video games to a
morning talk show to Al Ahly vlogs yeah
I had a successful daily vlog and he did
him multi-city international world tour
DVD came out of the tour documentary and
now he's on a journey
yes something new has happened beard
soldier knee hey you can't mention the
movies oh he's done two movies of
madea's boo madea's Halloween that he
can garden yeah and he also did I love
you yeah but there's a third movie
coming out
you're indeed and funny because I plan
on going to the red carpet yeah in
whatever I'm wearing for this journey
and the backpack oh nice
okay okay as like a continuation yeah I
love the idea uh-huh but I feel like
it's months away and yeah you might be
excited right now and I don't know if
you to make bold statements like okay
okay
I didn't fairness I understand you don't
want me to go back on my words yeah no I
get it
so is this going to be in October it is
going to be an octa when are you a lot
to announce ah
they haven't even like we filmed it the
move you've done yeah like editing right
now I think it's going to be a late
announcement and then release okay yeah
are you excited tonight at homes I am
I'm excited but now funny enough I'm
more excited about this journey then I
am about that reason being last year I
was in my first movie in Tyler Perry's
boom with the Halloween I love Tyler
Perry first and foremost but what I
found during that is I counted down
about a year for the release the year
finally like the time finally came yeah
got dressed up got to take my mom down
the red carpet I had a euphoric night
but then that next morning you go back
to your real life and your real world so
what I found was that's not enough to
fulfill me that gratification that I'm
going to get from walking down the red
carpet and seeing myself on the big
screen and that's what I have been
chasing my whole life but if I wasn't
good internally and if I didn't love
myself and if I didn't have enough in my
actual real world that no matter how
many movies I was in I was never going
to be satisfied so the movies coming out
this year great yeah but now I'm gonna
have so much more going on in my life
where I'm fulfilled by so many different
areas that the movies just going to be
in addition to how much I love my life
yeah whereas I was waiting for the movie
to come out so I can get to a point will
be like now I love my life mmm um how
much thought did you put in before you
decided to go on this journey that
you're you're going on none at all it
was just none immediate you know I I
kind of got that sense because I met you
up a week and a half ago so I was like
okay where you going next
I don't know I'm like who are the people
you're gonna be able to I I don't know
and I'm like I came in you really didn't
give them the club yeah the past 12 to
the 12 months has been wild I mean just
through the drama rice gum the the drama
channels the war that you went down on
literally you were the most hated
youtuber uh-huh i I've always been a fan
of self-destruction because my
depression love that the bipolar side of
me love that whether I liked it or not I
got like happiness from girls hurting me
that I was dating that just likes put it
that way you know and I'm not saying
that that was my positioning in this but
I'm just saying I do that whether I know
it or not subconsciously so the rice gum
thing was just spur the moment just like
this one I was just like oh my goodness
you know what we could do and control
all the drama channels Edyta and it
turned into something much bigger than
even I expected it you know to be but
then I took that opportunity and every
all the eyes that were on me like if I
walked away from the rice gum thing
people would have forgiven and forgotten
like everything else but then I came out
with a really really really long video
basically saying pranks are fake social
experiments are fake I you know here's
the blood off my hands like let me walk
away from this and then I also was
condemning every other prankster in
person on YouTube so I was like it was
something I wanted to do for myself and
free myself of it like not even I wasn't
even like confessing to you and tell you
what I did it was myself I hated it I
hated it I couldn't I couldn't like what
I was doing I couldn't loved what I was
doing and I hated it so I came out and I
did that but while I was doing that I
also addressed all the drama channel
names and Philip DeFranco at the time
and it just started a war with each
person now what I found is and I learned
this the hard way a war with somebody
who I'm not dissing anybody here but a
war with somebody like who runs a drama
channel is a war that can never be won
because the more you throw at them the
more ammunition you're giving them yeah
so if I flip out on Twitter boom they
got more content more views all right if
I say something in a video boom more
attention to them
whereas I don't want them talking about
me but they love when I talk about them
no matter what it is good or bad so it
was a battle that I had just accepted
defeat on but when I joined that battle
I 100% was just trying to show a
positive side to YouTube and a positive
side to myself but I couldn't hold on to
all the lies and the deception that I
had within me and all the like the
hatred that I had for myself while
trying to show the world this new use of
who I'm now showing everybody during
this journey yeah so I had to literally
kill myself
subconsciously whatever kill myself kill
what people thought about me kill my
career kill my ego kill everything in
the process to be able to walk out of
that and that's what I can say that that
whole thing was about sort of like
cleaning the slate cleaning the slate
and yeah you know just you have to lose
it all to be able to see what you had
and to be able to look like understand
where you're going
yeah by the end of it you know by that
time I found myself just defeated I
didn't have it anymore I couldn't I it
was hard it was it was draining I like I
just couldn't do it anymore
so I did what I always do I quit YouTube
I quit YouTube like once a year except
for this time I was serious yeah
and when I say I was serious so fall out
with my agency which is big because I
was in one of the top Hollywood agencies
fall out with my management let go of
everybody who I had changed my social
medias from fouseytube which is a huge
brand to use of Erakat yeah deleted all
my stuff off my socials put those two
fousey blogs on private went to my mom
told her I had quit and it's time to
find a new career and when little kids
would come up to me on the street to
take a picture I said I don't do that
anymore
because I hated who I was yes fouseytube
and I couldn't live on with it I wanted
to now live as Yousef or nobody gave a
crap about me mm-hmm
so I mean and two days ago whatever
you're in San Diego you're talking to
the sky outside and you said basically
like um you're telling the guy outside
of Vaughn's that why you began the
journey and you're talking about the
drum sivan not sponsored in your time I
like the drum
happen and then you said you became
someone you weren't what did you mean by
that like during that time through my
youtube career into everything I was
going with like I became unconfident
unhappy unloving of myself feeling
unworthy of anything in my life and when
I thought back to an older version of
myself or I love myself yeah I was
confident I would talk to anybody and
everybody when I talked about a goal or
a dream that I wanted there was nobody
that can tell me I could entertain that
dream like I would laugh at you if you
told me like I couldn't hit ten million
subscribers even when I had zero because
I know whatever I said my mind so I
could but I got to a point where I no
longer believed in myself no longer
believed in what I was saying
Noba longer believed in even how I
looked the reason I did want to take a
picture with people wasn't because it
was because of I hated fouseytube but it
was also because I knew they would post
that and would be on the internet
forever one day I would be on the
internet and see that and when I saw
myself I would hate myself I don't even
like looking at myself anymore
yeah I was done just done and I knew I
need to change but for the first three
months January through March like you're
saying you want to know what I did I
stayed in my apartment by myself every
day I would wait I would sleep at 5:00
a.m. wake up at like 6:00 p.m. play
Zelda switch and tell like crazy hours
you go to the gym religiously and I
would just stay to myself stay to myself
I wasn't doing things say to myself stay
to myself in my apartment so I would
just sit on my couch everyday and do
nothing
you know Simmi working with me at the
time would come into my apartment every
day and I would be doing the same thing
and she would see me like that I was
wasting my life away waiting for
something to change waiting for
something to change waiting for a
breakthrough praying for a breakthrough
praying for something to happen in my
life to show me my next path and it just
wasn't coming and the more days that
went on the more I was hating myself for
it cuz I was like you know you start
getting angry
you should be grinding these people are
passing you all this stuff and was just
hatred I finally did get to my
breakthrough but I'll wait for you guys
to see if you can get out of me in this
in this interview and the question how
did you get to your breakthrough doesn't
get that answer okay well what can send
you I'm loving I'm loving your question
how personal can I pry right now oh you
can
go as far as we can cut this out if
you're like that you can go as far as
you want you brought up Sumi and you
were very public about something write
it up man you can cut this out we don't
know okay you know I wouldn't be
disrespectful but course you brought up
a good friend of all of ours
you were very public about your feelings
toward turn on social media do you I
mean like you're very open that's that
that's your thing you're like the most
open person on I thought I just I that I
personally know mm-hmm and do you feel
like you're a little too open with that
situation with your personal life and
that if you could go back you know
during that somebody who really helped
me through that was humble humble the
poet shoutout he like saved my life this
year um he would always remind me he was
like yo just want to say your feelings
are temporary what you put on the
internet is gonna be forever and he
would constantly remind me of that
superwoman texted me and she's a friend
who will tell me when my shit stinks you
know I'm not gonna pretend and she
straight up said do you really think
like this is stuff he should be putting
on the Internet that's why have you
asked yourself why cuz she knew I wanted
to change and do something she was like
this isn't you know cognizant of what
you're saying you believe in and my
answer to her was throughout all of this
since I started YouTube might go to
through all my feelings through
everything my coping mechanisms my
little feelings of security no no my
feelings of serotonin that I needed to
build up whatever here's when you get
that ping came from me tweeting came
from me snapchatting why I felt the need
to do that I have no idea but whenever I
felt something I just found it that I
helped like I got through it by tweeting
posting stuff on social media reading
responses it made me feel like somebody
was there like somebody gave a shit
because I wouldn't call you and be like
yo let me talk you about what I got
going on yeah I wouldn't call you and
tell you that but I would talk to them
because they're not right there in front
of me and they still love me
for me unconditionally so yes I mean
I've always put it on the line I've
always put it out on the line and um
yeah I don't think I can change that now
I'm more aware of what I post and I'm
just like you know I really just I I'm
not just going to press send like while
my fingers are trembling with anger so
I'll compose myself but I still like to
be honest and be vulnerable yeah how do
you feel now
about that whole situation not that sir
but like the relationship no no what
ever happened through that was the best
thing that ever happened to my life and
humble kept telling me that and he kept
saying yo you're feeling this now I
guarantee you you're gonna look back and
thank God thank the world thank
everything for this happening because of
where you're gonna get when you get to
the other side I don't want to believe
that I didn't I was like not as BS I
don't want to do but yeah yo I got to
the other side and let me just say nice
it feels but yeah I'm amazing the grass
is greener the grass is so green when I
walked through there the grass is green
like now when I look back thinking where
my life could have gone or what would
have happened or anything how something
so small was you know going to do that
but not that situation did so much for
me because it it gave me what I needed
it gave me what I was looking for I
thought life was just shoving me on the
ground more nah life was saying yo we're
beating you up right now because of we
know how strong you're going to get up
out of this and now what evolved what
flower blossomed out of it yeah you see
it I'm living it right now T man arafa
you see me in the romper you see me
taking you know really big supporters of
mine to the NBA Finals game you see me
trying to help people out on the street
that bat out with it do you feel like
you've gotten back to the essence of
what you wanted to do home and I love
myself so much right now and I don't
mean that in the arrogant way I mean I
love myself in the defense of this whole
interview I've been looking at you're
dead in the eye yeah
whereas in the past I would be looking
down because I just felt insecure
self-conscious looking at you Wow so it
got B I don't know if it was last night
or the night before you were at your
brothers and um you're talking to your
brother about you know you were saying
like the hype
this journey is worrying you because
you're afraid of the relevancy or if
you'll fall off does that worry you took
it as I'm not saying it's no no that we
took a note what I do what I took it as
with you're worried that it's like okay
people care
but then the audience just won't give a
shit okay maybe after like however long
and you're worrying like it I don't know
do you feel like there's a battle
between like what you're doing and like
the viewership or the audience what I
felt like I was saying by that was this
me and Daniella have big plans for this
yeah like big plans and we wanna like we
want to start our own charity and we
want the people to be involved in that
charity we want you know because people
are like kids on the street today we're
like let me give you money and they were
like how can we give you money every two
weeks because they're they love the
adventure part of this and like the
journey yeah but we're trying to do
something so much bigger so what I don't
want to happen is they like this right
now because it's cool it's fun it's noon
and by the time I figure out how in the
world I'm going to help and make the
world a better place like we intend to
they're not interested anymore
in terms of that and I feel like it's
not a bad worry and it's not a nervous
worry of like oh my god
you know I'm relevant again I need to I
need to do this and that it's just my
love for this project is so strong that
every single thing about it matters to
me
from the smallest comments to the
biggest comments I've never been more
invested into a project like this how
does it feel like to have that kind of
energy back again
it feels so the last time I felt this
was 2011 when I launched YouTube and
then again when I was with him and I
would talk about a new print because I
was get a new prank idea not it I'm
gonna say this I like people always say
you can't make viral videos but when I
was making those pranks I knew they were
going to be viral because the energy
that I felt while getting when I got an
idea that made me tingle and I knew that
I needed to create it I believed in it
and I had that for every prank like
everybody knows me when I get an idea I
stop and I go like this I walk away I'll
walk away I walk around and they're like
okay okay what is it and then I just
give it yeah I haven't felt that for
Tom and I felt that with this and I feel
it every day and it feels amazing
I don't eat most days and I'm just I'm
good yeah I just have energy I'm good
I'm ready I want it like I get it now I
get it
what has fear restricted you from doing
everything like what um everything
because having fear in your life and
accepting fear into your life you're
walking with fear so every step I took
was with fear soul it literally
everything
breathing with fear eating with fear
walking with fear you're walking with
fear so that's going to change
everything you do how you talk to people
who you approach the risks you're
willing to take the the jobs you're
willing to go for if you're if you live
with fear you're you're restricting
yourself from everything that there is
for you in your life everything fear is
that moment where you're sitting at the
bus stop and you see somebody good
looking and you say only I went up or
you create a scenario in your head where
you do go up and talk to them but you
never do it you know fear is fear is
knowing that there's a position that
you're good for but you're too scared to
go for it because you feel like somebody
else is better better than you you're
not deserving of it no way you can't
pull that off fear is going to a store
and seeing a dress or seeing a piece of
clothing that you love and you want to
wear it and you know you look good in it
and when you wear it by yourself you
love it but you're scared of what other
people would think so what about like
real life said two scenarios that fear
crippled you from oh um love was a huge
one coming up to people that I want to
was a huge one and basically it just
limited my biggest fear funny my biggest
fear was dying without living to my full
potential because I always knew what I
was I knew that the I always looked at a
potential abusive and the use of I was
so fear kept me here in all regards
whenever I got to a big point in my
blogs I dipped and like I let it crash
again just so I can build up again
because whenever it died a little too
big got a comfortable insecurity I got
scared so fear kept me in my apartment
for three months crippled crippled so it
hurt both your public and your private
everything Wow everything fear was me
not being able to look through my
Twitter comments because I was scared
that I was
you somebody saying if you die you know
yeah
fear was making me not like except like
everything so like going back to going
to your journey right now you're first
coming out video where you talked about
ah your journey yeah walk us through
that that mindset of that how you're
feeling and what you're thinking before
you're like it yeah let's I got to talk
about this that and then a follow up is
you labeled it or you said like I'm
going homeless and you've said that you
you shouldn't have labeled that so just
you know go through it all yeah okay I
was supposed to move into a house with
Alex and Aaron um and the day we're
supposed to move into the house it's
crazy how what life does like life we
were supposed to move into a house and
then literally mm-hmm on the day of
move-in the owner says I'm not giving
you the house because he saw a video of
Alex on YouTube doing something and he
was like I'm not like this house was
phenomenal it was bombs yeah it was huge
it was ridiculous it was like the
lifestyle that I loved you know so we
lose the house Alex and it continues it
told it away completely pulled it away
the day my lease was done so Alex and
Aaron started looking right away for new
houses so I'm sitting in my apartment
everything's already like packed up
right and then in place like the end day
yeah everything is packed up and I'm
looking around and I'm like okay okay
and I mean Alex and Aaron go to the
movies that night this all happened that
night I'm sitting in the movies and I
couldn't get my mind off of it and it
called me back to a time where I was at
my parents house in San Diego and I
didn't want to say this because of my
new direction I'm going in yeah but I
was under the influence of marijuana
mm-hmm and while I was on that hi I
typed a bunch of notes to myself on my
phone went to sleep woke up the next
morning sober pulled out my phone
forgetting what I wrote looked at my
notepad in capital letters was
paragraphs to myself saying leave LA
your unhappiness is in LA and it was
just stories to myself like you keep
doing the same thing over and over again
keep going through the same vicious
cycle your life's not getting better
each year is going to pass you by and
you think that you're going to beat
these mental illnesses you think you're
going to beat this wave a depression
that comes every four months you're not
and then I went on another Feud rant
about needing love in my life and my
initial plan was to move to New Jersey
and be back with my family so I called
my mom I think a little while ago we
were just talking about and I had told
her like after that Sandiego time that I
was going to go to Jersey and then
finally decided I wasn't going to do it
but when I was in the movies I was
thinking about that and it called me
back to that and I was like I had the
moment that I have and I realized I need
to get out of La but not in the way that
I intended to I looked at everything
that I had around me when I was packing
and every item I picked up and I was
like dang I haven't used this in like
two months or two years even but I'm
gonna keep it anyway I'm gonna take it
with me yeah that item was unnecessary
in my life wasn't making me happy it
wasn't fulfilling me as everything else
wasn't the fame the money all that stuff
it wasn't fulfilling me so I had the
idea right then and there get rid of
everything okay what's next um you need
to step out of your comfort zone so you
got to not renew your lease in your
apartment because my initial idea was
you're gonna sleep at friends house and
youtubers house in fans house and that
was going to be it that was my initial
idea that's what I was going to do yeah
step out of my comfort zone to be able
to talk to the people I want to talk to
how wasn't able to it was a way to help
myself but also take them along with the
journey yeah and then within the next
coming days I ended up talking to
Daniella about it she loved it and
literally here's what happened as we're
walking to film the video I ran into
somebody so I was talking to George
Jenko and then right then and there as
we were talking and I was explaining to
him the idea very excitedly and telling
him that I wasn't gonna spend any of my
any money of my own I was like but
that's so unfair and I could there was
one missing piece to this journey and me
what I should have done waited a week
yeah thought about it slept on it asked
piers for advice I don't do that so
George was like freeze your bank
accounts and then and then when he said
that I was like oh and then when people
give me money I'm gonna double it to
charity the $100,000 was already pledged
on me I'm gonna do that regardless
whether or not this
part of it or not but when he gave me
that I was like oh perfect when we
walked there it just changed the concept
in my mind changed what it was and I
ended up going with dear YouTube I'm
homeless but it was when I said homeless
it what it was never to be insensitive
to the you know the people who are
homeless the homeless community it was
it was in a sense of being homeless and
I'm not gonna lie like I could have dear
YouTube I'm becoming a minimalist but
that's all in hindsight I didn't realize
that until after I posted it so there
was really not much thinking that went
into it so there wasn't a reason it went
up but it wasn't much thinking into how
people would take it wet and that's why
they were like against it at first but
after they saw what's going on they were
like alright you Yussef you messed up
you should have said homeless but now
that we see what we're doing we respect
it
yeah and we're a part of it which is
what I wanted from the beginning the
first episode should have actually been
the first episode and not even the dear
YouTube I'm homeless hmm now that you've
been dealing with um you've been out in
the streets um that you've dealt with
many homeless people what did you learn
anything that misconceptions that you've
had you know misconceptions no but it's
just a I wouldn't say what I learned but
it's just how much my eyes open don't
care because when I walk around now like
I was at the I'm not throwing I don't
want to throw anybody under the bus to
make myself look better so that's not my
intention here yes but when I was
walking into the finals game yesterday I
saw many gentleman who reminded me of
myself right before this and they had
like their gold chains on and they look
good in a row flossy with their best
outfits I was wearing this at the finals
yeah something I never would have done
before and what I felt by being outside
in the community more now and not
allowed being in a house and walking
around is a lot of people just don't
give a shit and they care about
themselves in their circumstance and
they look at situations like the people
on the street and their first
inclination is thank God it's not me you
know and we just want to avoid
themselves from that and the reason for
that is there's so much of it that
people in their head started thinking I
help this one person it's not going to
do anything because there's so much more
I'm not going to cure homelessness why
am I going to help and also another
another thing that pops up into people's
heads
is oh the last time I gave a homeless
person money they you know they did this
or they were ungrateful how many times
have somebody come up to you and been
like I just asked a homeless person if
they wanted money or if they wanted food
and they said no they want money how
ungrateful you know so they're like I'm
not helping homeless anymore and I just
I really caught on to that when I was
walking around because in your head you
sort of get frustrated and you're like
why is it there was times I was walking
with Danielle and we were doing
something and I look around at other
people having fun I'm like why aren't
they doing anything but I had to you
know no judgement that's the number one
thing I have now no judge me and I was
like I was doing just the same I can't
judge them I don't know what they're
doing behind the scenes that's a huge
thing people might not do things in the
public like I'm doing they might be the
biggest contributors behind the scene so
you just not got to be not so quick to
judge what do you think are some of the
like the main causes of homelessness and
like how can we raise like how can we
raise awareness and like what is one
thing that we can help to combat it oh
um you know the main cause for
homelessness I'm not going to be the
best person to answer that um I can tell
you what I've seen well you know that's
one thing I can commend of you being
like pushing it to like people who do
yeah yeah yeah of course but if you were
to ask hey use of what is your thing
what I've seen and then you can maybe
elaborate more on this is you know we
see a ton of vets who get thrown out on
the streets and you know we're we're
proud to see that they served our
country but then what is what is being
done to help get our vets off the
streets you know um I've seen
circumstances where it's not in the
persons control at all like sometimes
it's just not in the person's control
and it was just the cards they were
dealt you know and sometimes it's
something with a family sometimes it's
you know something bigger than ourselves
and another thing is I mean you were
talking about this earlier mental health
you know a lot of people get they don't
get treated for what they're going on
you know what they have or what they're
dealing with mentally and they don't
have the resources to help themselves
out of that circumstance so it takes
them you know out into the world and we
see them we see a ton of them and we
just look the other way while they're
dealing with a severe mental health
condition they have no health for they
have no reach
versus four so I can't say I don't know
the exact you know cause of it but
that's just what I've seen do you know
something that like we can help outside
of like all kind of just a little yeah
cuz I hear you're giving them money
which is great but I feel like that's
just a temporary band-aid uh-huh you
know like you give them 20 bucks great
that might help them for two days worth
of food or maybe three but then like
long-term what do you think I don't see
when we give money here and there I
don't see that as like oh we just
changed that person lie homelessness but
I'm showing that if you can help it's
better than not helping yeah and by
doing these little stepping stones it's
going to get us to the bigger stones and
we're just on that pathway but something
bigger than just something like that we
can have more resources for people
dealing with mental health conditions
and really look into helping them
because then they're going to help
themselves yeah they're going to be able
to you know better get back into society
and they're not just wandering the
streets you know talking to themselves
like endlessly yeah we can um okay so
I've seen like I want to spend this day
there was a halfway house across the
street you know you have some places but
I feel like there's so much more that
can be done for the overconsumption of
homeless people that there are yeah like
okay like you know they have to they
have to run to shelters every night and
some days it's full well let's open up
more shelters let's take this to a
bigger level and let's get more
healthier let's get more funding here
let's try to help them you know get to
better circumstances and outside of this
and those big things I feel like and I
know this is what you were trying to
avoid but we as the people can do so
much and like so so so much
like how many houses do you see that
people buy where it's like they have 30
bedrooms with two kids you know or
there's empty houses or there's you know
places where we can help them but if
they're sleeping in front of a store
they get kicked out yeah Gary the
homeless vet that I helped he walked
into a establishment and they asked him
how fast can you eat that in Wow how
fast can you eat in he has money he's
paying he was it was view was good he
looked fine but they just they
criminalized him they made him the bad
guy because he was homeless homelessness
is not a crime
homelessness doesn't make you a bad
person because one day
a somehow one of us somebody around us
can become homeless but you know what's
going to help them the fact that they're
around us and we can pick them up and
help them but what about the people that
don't have somebody to pick them up we
have to we have to try to help them
we've got to try to do something it's
like it's become a thing where it's like
a sense of empathy is people don't have
empathy for things like that anymore I
feel like they're desensitized to it you
know little kids walk with their parents
you know from a young age and when their
parents walk by a homeless person their
parents grab the kids tighter and say
walk away yeah if you don't think that's
conditioning them to see that person as
like you know a bad guy yeah I'm going
to get desensitized to seeing that so
when they see that is that you literally
get taught to look the other way yeah
whereas a parent you know raised their
kid and whenever they did something like
that hey Charlie come this way let's
give this man some bread let's give this
n some money I can almost assure you
when that kid grows up and they see a
homeless person on the on the street
they're gonna remember their parents
doing that saying let me give let me
give back let me help ya so you've been
friends with many many youtubers you
know on since the beginning what have
you learned during this journey that you
didn't know about these guys meeting
them and connecting with them and having
conversations with them that you
otherwise would not have um so the
people I have met it's been amazing I've
seen a different side to them and we got
to talk on and off the camera like I've
always wanted to be cool with phase drug
Umbra wadis but I would never drive to
San Diego just to kick it but with this
journey I was able to drive there and I
realized they're like my cousins or like
my family the dope and now I have a
friendship with them tanner Fox I didn't
even like even though I knew I was going
to his house because he reached out to
me a part of me was like you said you
really want to go I didn't know tanner I
have to say yes to everything now
so I went she's one of my best friends
now it's the coolest kid I have ever met
in my entire life like I he helped me so
much I look up to him I respect him now
I love him I appreciate him so much he
helped me another thing I learned is but
I've known this forever the whole
YouTube community too loves each other
all right well let me show you how many
unrep lied texts that I got you know
reaching out together you know explain
them what this is about and like I'd
love to hang out whereas normally they
would reply but now when I was reaching
out there
just no reply not even for like tell me
no wow and I love them even my friends
like actual friends where I've kicked it
with many times and we've hung out but
now when I reached out on this level
there's nothing but again no judgment
that's why can't I don't even look at it
as a bad thing but I'm like if it's a no
tell me yeah tell me you know and I
don't I've gotten texts from youtubers
before and it's been like hey bro we
don't even have to kick it let's just
collab I didn't collab with those people
I mean I rarely collab so on this
journey I'm like realizing that I'm the
people like I'm hanging out with the
people who I want to hang out with but I
wanted to also to open up that door for
the people I wasn't close with that I
can get to know because I know there's
youtubers out there who don't like me
and they just think we see Oh God you
know and they turn their shoulders if I
wanted a chance for that but I I didn't
get that from a lot of people a lot of
people you know turned me down before
even giving me a chance is that
surprising to you it wasn't but some of
the people like it hurt a little bit
like just like man I thought we were
close I thought we were closer I and
when I sent them the text by the way the
reason I brought that up it wasn't hey I
just want to collab it was a really nice
like a really nice text like explaining
what I was doing and why I wanted to get
to know them and why I thought it would
be a cool idea you know but it just it
didn't come back and you know that's
fine though that's their decision and if
there's any place to say their names it
would be here I don't know there's no
point to that I mean I love DeFranco
publicly said no but I was public yeah
yeah yeah so I was cool with that oh you
can thank them in my video I said who he
said no he said no he's like but I'll go
out to get coffee with you yeah I hope
that opportunity comes up I'll go get
coffee with them but I had no problem
with him saying no I appreciated that
yeah yeah
it didn't come directly to me yeah
through Twitter the attic or anything in
the text or DM oh yeah it came yeah what
would you tell people who had the
mindset of old view I got to a point and
this is important I got to a point in my
life right where I was making a lot of
money a lot of money and the more money
I got the more unhappy I got but I still
wanted to keep making more money so it
was always a battle of mine of you know
why do you need it
it's not making you happy so people who
said like man you've got the cars you
got the clothes you like the money you
should be happy but I wasn't more money
more problems I was unhappy right and
then I realized my like my answer if I
was unhappy with this much money no
matter how much money I make on top of
that it's not going to make me happier
right yeah so if I'm unhappy here no
more money is gonna make me happier I
don't need more money I need to get to a
point right here where I'm happy with
myself and what I have and then you're
good to go
and then it just all made sense to me
that that that that greed of more got
eliminated because there's always more I
bought my car I wanted a better one
Lambo dreams 27g Lambo dream I got a
house I need a bigger house like when I
bought my parents a house oh this house
I literally said in my blog hey guys I
know this house is not big because I was
worried about the YouTube audience
thinking that I didn't make a glamourous
big youtube purchase with the money what
that house is so big I should be so
grateful for it
so to somebody who's living like me be
grateful for every single thing you have
in your life don't be grateful for what
you want or what you you know you're
going to get be grateful for what you
have right now in all aspects your
girlfriend
love her Cherisher treat her like before
you got her always your phone you know
how when you first get your phone you
freaking love it and then you start
dropping it after a while and then you
solve that piece of crap I need a new
one yeah no don't do that appreciate
what you have and everything if you only
have a little bit of water appreciate
that water money money is not going to
make you happy I don't care who says it
does money is not going to make you
happy if you're not happy with yourself
you're not love yourself so before you
do anything in life I think you got to
get to a point where you love yourself
you understand yourself and you're just
you're aware of that
and you realize that anything that you
tell yourself that if you had it would
make you happier it's not true because
you can be happy right now in your
present moment this happens a lot during
the summer you peek in you're in you're
like joy or your passion or your drive
what do you think you can do to
the fall-off of like your
self-destruction to sustain this LaNasa
hit the 2007 I'm going to quit YouTube
again um what do you think because we
like this yeah yeah
as cliches as my sound is the newfound
support that I've received and I'm not
talking about in the sense of the views
views on YouTube like look at Jake and
Logan Paula getting like three million
views a day like that like people are
killing it so I don't care about views
right now okay that's not my intention
what I care for is I became irrelevant
to myself I quit I did everything I
walked away I was the most hated
youtuber you're telling me because
people kept asking me what do you can do
it again do I said I don't know and I
kept praying for a moment you're telling
me now if I would have looked back when
I was the most hated youtuber to tell
myself that I'm gonna have this many
people supporting as they are and when I
say support I'm not talking about their
view I'm talking about people are
sending heartfelt messages people are
tweeting me on the daily just about
everything that happened in the vlog
saying how much it meant to them people
are commenting on the YouTube videos and
showing nothing but support they give a
shit they care and I'm like I'm taking
it all in every day and what I said in
my 10 million subscriber video while I
was crying in tears was I promise not to
take you for granted this time because
in the past I used to get so much
support but I felt entitled to it I felt
it was easy man this is easy you
watching me click babe this video and
get a million views I didn't care for it
but now as the views I got real people
supporting me now I can look through my
tweets because it's not hate anymore
it's love now I can look through my
comments so now they're counting on me
just as much as I'm counting on them so
as long as they support me I know this
sounds crazy and I swear to you on this
as long as they support me as long as
I'm going to be able to keep going
because that morning rush that it gives
me to upload the video and I let them
experience what they helped me
experience and reading what they say
about it is refueling me every single
day she sees it every single morning
every single morning now I don't even
see hate comments because there's like
they're so rare so if ever this becomes
not fun anymore
because I become let's say something
happens the one they start hating me
again I'm not that will get me to be
able to stop because then it's not going
to become fun for me but right now I'm
creating content of love with love and
getting love love attracts love I'm
going hire men and I'll see you on
Episode I don't know where this episode
26 I was like about my episode I was
talking about before but we got going on
every day on Fuji - I don't know what's
going on oh ok ok so we'll see when you
get back from however long you're
traveled on guys thank you guys rather
that's if you come back alive he's gonna
come back alive I can't kill him he's
too happy good here we go guys the time
has come I kept talking about wanting to
travel wanted to travel wanting to
travel now I got a not only talk to talk
but walk the walk that's tomorrow
Daniela and I are going out of the
country I know you're wondering how
we're getting out of the country you'll
find all that out in tomorrow the
episode because it's about to get crazy
now it's going to be a full-blown
production once we get there we're going
to put so much work into these just as I
promised you and it's going to go to the
next level so we have so much work to do
right now before we can get there gets
into this episode and then the episode
after that so we will get that done so
excited for it and yeah I need to know
if you are coming with us to the Middle
East and you're going to continue this
journey let me know whether it be
through Twitter the comments below the
likes right now my Instagram message is
however you want to contact me it keeps
me going it keeps me charged it keeps
you ready I'm so excited
hope you guys are ready and yeah let's
let's do this guy's
let's continue the journey here on
project butterfly working titles don't
know yeah I'm just trying it piece raaah
