previously tomorrow if you want to know
what's going to happen in the episode
we're going to try to go to my old high
school
Oh
Oh
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
Daniella happy birthday to you it's
Angela's birthday I feel like I should
be recording you today since it's your
birthday but I'm going to take you here
instead okay one it's your birthday and
two when I was in college whenever I
needed to leave the house and not let my
parents know that I wasn't going to
school because later on in my college
life actually lived with my parents I
would come here and I would eat and then
when I would go to school I've come here
I would get food and I'll take it to
college with me so this is like my
favorite place in my city so I want to
bring you here can you get all of it I'm
not shy I first bite let's go hi where
the birth mother I get go with the
strawberry first and whipped cream
yeah all right now I'm diggin and the
only reason I like having access to a
cord or any money on this and why we
need to change the rules
I've known this waitress since I was in
high school so I want to be able to give
her a big tip on this journey and not
have to be like oh I don't have money
big tips so I love doing that because I
was a waiter guys I'll talk to you guys
about my history before I became
fouseytube I worked at Best Buy or
worked at Chili's so I know how it is
so yeah I think she'll like this ma'am
from us to you on this journey
oh thank you yeah you're welcome we're
trying to spread love on the journey oh
my god and of course so when I worked at
Best Buy which is just right there
whenever I would drive to and from work
there would be somebody in need of these
dividers right here and ever since like
back then when I work there I would
always give whatever I could
so right now we just bought a meal to
get to the gentleman that was there but
he's no longer there so we're going to
keep this with a hopefully until we see
him or see somebody else to need so it's
always good if you have an opportunity
to give back to get something so always
spread love love is the answer what's up
what's up how are you doing gotta go
gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go
gotta go whatever it up alright those
new shoes and now I got the cameras in
my face so good it was good
what's up guys how's it going what's up
man Oh what up y'all go to school here
nah but what up man how's it going
what's up what's up I was good we out
here we out here
I'm you for Danielle oh yeah there you
go you're smart man smart man smart man
nice to meet you too man Google my card
what you got oh man I don't usually go
to men's car when they tell me that all
but what you got from or your journey
let's go let's go see let's go see I
really would want to join you in your
journey huh that's cool I can't go with
you but I mean it is cool you got me
down but if I can't be like waiting for
the invitation don't worry we're gonna
have a way to incorporate y'all soon man
oh to give away to people huh and I love
y'all putting that I know what I'm
giving somebody food today because we
just bought food to give somebody so
I'll give them the clothes
we're going to find somebody to give the
closer here you want to be a part of the
journey
yeah all right stay here okay until I do
whatever I'm going to do here keep this
in your car and this we're going to get
in your car and then drive with you to
find somebody to give this to and you're
a part of the journey there you go all
right so that's what's up you guys
better school here yeah what's up man
got your different we heard you're going
to middle eat we are so this is a shot
and you already know what this is yeah
yeah okay
there we got you'll see me wearing this
in the middle east official it's a
traveler
a say that what you do your social
traveling yeah when we saw your journey
man we were inspired we're on IG and we
were just like this is the dude right
here man he's the plug we do the same
thing
cool cool cool I knew it was going to
happen so glad you guys are the first
that I didn't do it
where y'all traveling to you're going to
go all around the world man just like
you know okay dope though spreading
spreading bag giving out cool cool cool
man have it ask you some people like
taking initiative and doing that that's
awesome do we appreciate that you're
like with the people man like always
then that's like it's like look my
favorite art is Jay cool yeah all he
preaches about is saying F fame is I'm
about the people so my favorite line
from Jay Cole I'm a man of the people
not above but equal oh seven villages
seven mic to be here I just gave a talk
on an authenticity and YouTube and I
told these up-and-coming youtubers the
number one thing I want them to do is be
authentic and not force anything even if
you're doing a good deed if it's with
the wrong intention like for views or
anything like that which I caught myself
doing in the past it's going to be seen
through and people aren't going to vibe
with you and they're not going to feel
that love as soon as you start being
authentic the people see it and he just
added five dollars to our journey solely
to know we're cool we love this
beautiful tragedy man I kind of want to
walk through the Rotunda but I know
they're going to like take me out matza
huh what do they do to people they don't
arrest you or nothing way way way way
way they don't arrest us I know
they'll just take you with like certain
export you have oh yeah what's your name
Alexis we like better me or Alex wasabi
see that Alex see that haha what I want
some hormones hey shake your shaking
yeah don't shake you want to get a
picture okay here's the change here for
the lighting
what's up Rahul we out here were you at
when Vegas ran out where you asked it
count
hahaha what up what up what are you what
nationality Salvadorian Salvadorian you
would have mitten boyfriend in Fremont
California yeah and I go to the u-men
always with our I don't know you got
neck of the meat because of you man you
cuz of that know that go under jiu yeah
you make you help me step out of my
comfort zone yeah i appreciate the
beautiful man I love that I'm happy that
you guys are doing well to it as well
that's what it's all about
he met a girl through my journey and I
haven't even met a girl through my
journey I was wondering if you were
coming to me how are you thanks what's
your name
I'm sure Sean you go to American yeah
okay cool me too I went to American what
in the flesh
thank you right here what up man no I
just met somebody else who is my biggest
fan and then yesterday I met somebody
who's the biggest fan boy she's gonna
give our channel shout out of course man
yeah although uh huh she got kicked 3
s's all of the above on YouTube gloves
are you consent oh yeah of course I do
is crazy cinematic for this I sent in to
you can you put it in the video I'm a
playa drone make you crazy
make it sick I'll give you my email all
right all right thank you so much thank
you so much thank you appreciate all of
the above on YouTube check it
10 million subs there we go they're not
granted yeah good old days to food thank
you I appreciate that thank you so much
yeah Oh school setting out hold oh we
gotta go we gotta go we gotta I'll do it
I'll do that don't worry I wanted to see
my teachers though we should be read is
this arriver still here yeah that's the
homie happy hour
yo you guys seen DJ Khaled do this thing
with fan love well this is the new
generation of fan love right here we're
going to do this in every city we go to
and just spread love where we schools
not audience oohs ah I always but we are
here let's go
teachers ready some I went to the high
school man I remember that shit yeah
wait who's not out here
oh yeah
now L only bigfix album or I can do it
go back came along the way
I think paradise away from when one
particular class that was my wife Sudama
Bradley we got the general plan I used
to really throw my three but you never
say you don't try I'll provide to
depants don't with a little point with
the beep you don't even watch know where
I'm going
don't hate nobody goes well so guys if
you can see the back of my shirt and the
front of my shirt and American high
school to the professors and stuff I
tried calling you guys three times times
to say can I please come in spire I
wanted to do a motivational speech for
the students they literally said no
ex-students allowed at the school so
that I didn't have anything to do I
didn't like hype this up or anything I
literally just came and snapped and said
I'm here but anyways thank you so much
to everybody out of American high school
one day I will be back to give you guys
a motivational speech while I was
leaving there was a Lamborghini and
everyone was like whoo she's fake he's
gonna lay in a Lambo he's faking this
homeless look at the car we just rode in
right now no disrespect to the homie
notices like I'm comparing it to the
Lambo I'm saying like I accept look good
yeah yeah I'm not saying like they
thought was a limo we were in this it
actually got so hot I asked him to drop
us off and now we got to try to race
back to sso to get back to LAX so we
could then fly to the Middle East oh
let's go all right so he came up to me
and he said something right now at the
end and I take it you can be honest you
didn't have the best opinion of me
before you met me I felt I know it I'll
be real like when the Lambo pulled up I
was like he's about to get in that Lambo
right now and no even before that when
you sawed-off pussy did you have like
your mixed opinions on my generosity or
how I am two people or anything I'll be
honest man archimedes are too judgmental
what's the guy D let the guy discover
you're avoiding what I'm saying I'm
saying you how is your opinion hello
like man I just today my opinion was
changing elevators what was your opinion
of you before today you can be honest
man to man I know that your blogs rolls
about vulnerability and open
everything um what I mean singing a
person it's all done I was like I
thought like maybe he was playing
everybody and all that in tongues on
emotions but like when I meet him see
how uses people he's the most like one
of the most authentic people on YouTube
and if anybody tells you otherwise it's
just cuz they're behind that screen they
haven't met him operation and that's the
first thing I said to him I said when he
said that I was like bro you never met
me in person you can't form an opinion
on somebody until you meet them you meet
him pussy tube is an internet persona
use of salt a hot Akash is a real person
with a real heart so anybody would do
our differences let's meet in person
this chat we can make you I appreciate
that
I mean I appreciate it and I appreciate
that honestly it really did and thank
you all - he keeps asking to send me
money but I'm telling them we don't want
the money we want you to give it to
charity so when we start up me and
Danielle are going to start up our own
charity together
you can donate so goes to them I don't
want your money to go to me trust me
that's not what I want I want your money
to go to the charity which then is going
to be giving back to people gonna be big
I promise I promise because like that's
what this whole thing is about we're
building like an army of love right now
so when we launch that charity game over
most people will promote as hard as I'm
going to promote that charity to sell
merch to sell like stuff like that I'm
said that's why everybody's like Lucy
you don't know how many calls I get Lucy
you're killing it back on YouTube again
man start your merch up why to fill up
my own pocket that's not what this is
about
I'm not I'm not bashing you right now
I'm just talking but I'm saying the
whole point is to give back so when I
launched the charity and I say hey guys
don't buy this t-shirt hey guys
donate here so we can build this
waterwheel here donate here something
build this house here don't here so we
build a school here if these people are
riding with me as hard as they are now
oh my over driver literally when I told
them what we were doing so why are you
recording I said I explained to him he
said not man people can help themselves
I paused and I said but sir life gave me
so much that now it's my turn to give
back to the people who can't help
themselves
so to anybody if you don't get what I'm
trying to say here - all the kids will
follow me and everything money YouTube
subscribers all of that stuff the stuff
you saw me
flaunt and vlogs for so long Lambos all
that stuff that's not going to make you
happy
so we're now back at the airport and
while we were in that chaos and madness
we got handed 25 dollars I just broke it
and whenever you guys give us money -
the journey is no longer going to go to
me and Daniella I'm going to pass it out
on your behalf so like I don't know if
you guys believe in blessings and all
that I want to get into all of that but
I just want to say I'm going to be
spreading the good deeds I guess on your
behalf so I saw some workers here so
watch this it's only five but it's the
thought thank you thank you good for you
yeah thank you thank you thank you thank
you huh somebody gave it to me so I gave
it to you of course
okay you're lucky thank you thank you
good day have you ever wondered how I
pick and choose who to give to it's like
you really can't explain unless you were
in it so like right now one give it to
somebody who's like working for example
for you for you put it in the tip jar
for everybody have a good one yeah but
um
ah stop you know don't let go
b-roll King you can be be real clean
she's b-roll Queen guys we've decided
work it work it work it work my girl
hey guys so I actually just stole this
camera for a little bit to tell you guys
that while like I've been with Yusef on
this year and he's constantly on his
phone he's like waiting all your guys
have comment and like he takes every
single positive comments to heart which
is like really really amazing this stage
I don't like a lot of you guys don't
believe it when he says I he's like oh
like I read everything Muhammad he
actually does he spends hours on this
film reading every single comment and
like every single comments heart so I
just wanted you guys to know that
because you won't ever say that do you
guys himself but throughout this journey
I've seen that you've become like super
super humble
definitely awesome okay I'm talking
about our employee median is she trying
to get b-roll we're trying to give you
roll my camera was she talking about my
b-roll I'm better I'm the queen of mural
you guys are probably wondering what I'm
doing here so me and Danielle are
actually being productive right now
because we are going to be a 15 hour
flight tomorrow and I looked at Danielle
and I said we're not missing an episode
of this journey for the next 365 days
I'm just saying that announces we came
to our good friends alley in August
right now next month I didn't see you in
month yeah I cover you every time you
never come on Roger
wow that's not true but that's what a
journey is about it's to rekindle broken
friendship that's why I'm here but so
what we're doing we're going to they're
gonna they do amazing like interviews
for their podcast where they like they
do research on who they're interviewing
so I said hey you guys want to be my
first interview on this journey and then
I can post it so you guys can see it
while we're on the plane so that's
what's going on right now
yeah can I put a disclaimer in yeah
usually we have like a week or two to do
a research you're like hey I'm going to
be there like two hours not like but uh
you know we've known you for a long time
as I feel like yeah exactly you if
anyone is going to interview me on this
is you you having me spend lavishly you
having me like the lifestyle of live you
might be MIT we prep and look their
masters at what they do because they
prepped and got this ready right away so
we still who you oh no I'm scared even I
don't even feel myself because it's
probably bad stuff anyways here was all
an interview cannot wait for you guys to
see it it will be in the next episode
but yeah we're brinded tell me what they
going to ask you before they ask me they
just drilled me um they're going to get
down very
let us be open just got done I'm going
to rush home and edit it for you guys so
you guys going to have it and you don't
miss an episode when we take our 15 hour
flight tomorrow I'm excited for you to
see it and I just want to mention if you
think like wow you guys didn't do
anything for Daniela's birthday what's
the head we will hold a whole oh we went
to the NBA final hey we went this
morning to eat and now we're going to
the Middle East to celebrate so we might
have not done it today we're gonna do it
