we literally in fact here are back to
zero are you censoring
I'm not a homeless in that sense I am
homeless no since I gave up my home okay
now we're just traveling like right now
man yeah so how do you see that
I mean I Street okay they're lovely
thanks for keep killing a man can kill a
man so as you guys know recently we hit
10 million subscribers on this channel
it's only right that I celebrate but I
wanted to do something different this
time instead of celebrating by myself or
with my friends with my family I want to
celebrate with you
so recently on my social media I reached
out and I found the biggest fan
who happened to be a warrior's fan I
contacted his family and I asked them if
it was okay if I surprised him at their
house and took him with me courtside to
the NBA Finals
he has no idea like at all so I hit up a
company I used to work with all the time
called seat geek and I let them know
about the journey what we got going on I
basically said I need flight and I need
tickets
to make this happen and they made it
come true this is about to be so fun and
I hope we can make his dreams come true
let's go to game to the finals
right
and I was infected
thank you
so we just made it to San Francisco
we're going straight to his house to
Surprise them I'm excited
after an episode goes live I actually
watch it one time through because I
actually believe in the content I read
the comments I read the tweets and I
just try to and that's how I formulate
new ideas of how to give back and you
know new things we can try and it's
funny when I used to do dose of
vlogs I used to stay away from comments
because it used to be attacking me now
that we're doing something bigger than
ourselves people are commenting based on
what we're doing so I'm able to like
actually read and take something from
them so thank you guys so much for your
support you have no idea like this is a
collaborative effort how much you go
into it by what you say without that I
would not have the strength and courage
to continue this not even for a day but
you guys like I just retweeted somebody
that said I really really love what
you've been doing late with your journey
keep it up the Skid Row part really got
to me I was concerned for yours and
Daniela safety you should set up a been
wall and I will gladly contribute it's
all just positivity and love so thank
you guys so much thank you
I wonder if I should just open the door
because they know I'm here but he
doesn't guard dog on duty oh my goodness
hey what's that what's that whistle oh
are you hello how are you you sir you
sir what's your answer Vanessa yeah
Jessica okay and where's Paul he's in
the backyard right now okay what kind of
dogs do you have I have a bugle poodle
on a carrot area oh you put guard dog on
duty you scared me hello how are you my
shoes are okay yes thank you nice to
meet you too oh guys how's it going you
sir
nice to meet you you said use it you're
both Caesar yeah okay okay
Oh a nice backyard where's yeah where's
a little guy I mean no idea oh hey all
right ready really you call from
developing
don't touch me in the ball what up Oh
God good boy you're doing good you
expect me to be here no how you feeling
you just turn around and casually say
hey Lucy take it hug what's up man how
you doing what you're doing today
wait you're not wondering what the heck
I'm doing in your backyard why are you
sorry I came to watch the game with you
is that cool
like can I chill with you can we be
friends
doesn't seem like you want to be my
friend a little hurt I'm gonna go okay
yo you're gonna be my friend I'm not
accepting this woodenness you're playing
a girl that's hard to get off I heard
you're a big warrior fan yeah yeah all
right well you got in today's game yeah
are they going to win the series okay
cool yeah yeah so they were one of the
game
he doesn't have no idea I know though
actually no I go back in you want to go
to the war game in big-boy side with me
yeah it's on there is you're gonna sit
courtside with me that's what I came
here for but I'm going to wear something
crazy and you can't like be embarrassed
to be around me okay let's do this so
this is his family right here they're
all kicking it all chillin look at this
they're worried
everyone's ready for this yo but here's
the thing we're sitting behind the cabin
bench so you're going to like LeBron
going to be like staying right at you
like we're right there literally like
we're right here LeBrons right there
what are you gonna do if he looks at you
and like mean mugs you or something what
do you do huh
holla get on that's good let's avoid
confrontation I don't want to have to do
anything to LeBron James LeBron James
look so good it's impossible to make you
like go on to the center box okay let's
go after you or you ain't Thompson I
know you're ready I went in here now now
I'm going to guard you who sees the type
of dude to dunk on an 11-year old
oh I'll take you
I'm going to change so when I come down
here I'm going to show you what I change
into and then you get to decide if you
want to go with me or not
it's what I'm wearing okay yeah all that
thing please mii-chan even no one will
laugh at us I promise
I got my back but well you better wake
up in this arena board is the first hand
for the 46 miracle management is America
I love it America
oh you ready we got these very floors
we're out here I just want Paul to have
a good time today taking him to his
first final good we're right here we're
good
look that's LeBron James right there
yeah you Kyrie thank you
yeah
I'm here
a LeBron
so they came and took me out of my feet
and I kept screaming I have an 11 year
old with me I can't go I knew why they
were taking
security took me to the back room it was
like follow them and they said what are
you doing I was like listen I know
exactly what you're thinking positive
support I'm here taking my biggest fans
of the game I'm not trying to Street and
they're like saying I have to leave
circuit and they sent me back to you I'm
sorry about that oh man
so it's so scary I kept dreaming I have
to get back to pool
oh yeah but enjoy what are we getting
really
who are we going to go turnip on
get inside of 550 how to get a picture
you can do okay
oh wait right here this was me going up
this would be to this day in Los Angeles
right here - still alive
hold it down jump out a homeboy who is
the key to the game is what more
contractual and they want first of all
get a camera my yo first of all go I'm
not playin look I'm here doing a
positive thing okay I need my motorcycle
back I understand I don't have time for
the ransom not what I'm gonna have nine
dollars in pennies to give you that's
what you got to do you got nine dollars
you got nine dollars I know you got 900
now don't tell me that motorcycle that
and I drew hovering I don't the factions
wore my helmet here sweating all over it
I need it back I don't sweat I'm not
human it's not possibly if I don't get
my water cycle back by that you say at
noon Jose
okay what what what what well I need to
know how are you feeling great yeah
you happy yeah I'm sorry we didn't get
to meet this like we got held up and he
was gone they put them to the tunnels
but next time staff you really wanted to
meet you so next time okay I really
wanted you to meet up I'm going to try
to make it up to you okay
I hope you had a good time is that a
blast of you actually had fun yeah I'm
surprised he just gave me a hug and I
think y'all exhausted right now surprise
so the first thing the whole time was
looking at I'm going to ask them like on
in tongues are you having fun yeah but
thank you guys so much
no thank you and Paul you got to give me
another hug gonna fit into here friends
of school no oh man alright well next up
is we're going right now to visit my
brother and then tomorrow I'm gonna go
try to visit my high school the day
after that I only get back to LA we're
going to the Middle East you want to
come alright guys we're out thank you
guys so much
we just got dropped off to my brothers
but this gentleman just took us to
McDonald's and waited for our so sir
this for you thank you very much man
appreciate it appreciate you all right
man good night
thank you jobless guys with you yes well
this is my brother everybody what's up
guys yeah it's my dear friends really
quickly because a lot of your friends
contact me and they say why do you
anticipate each other because of my in
your video uh-huh but we don't cave each
other
I miss big biggest
I just don't like to be in videos but
today I said it's okay this is visiting
me yeah so here's know better safe
actually the first time I've been here
so nice it's such a nice place so
congratulations on that how do you feel
at the journey I love it it's the best
thing you've done a long time I'm
actually what I don't usually watch his
videos but I'm watching with everyone
saying that and it's like it scares me
in a sense because it's like I like
finally everybody saw this inside I mean
I feel like I'm preparing that but it's
like how longer people are gonna give a
crap or you know I don't know just just
me overthinking well just nervous I'm
tired some videos I think just so
unnatural like you were trying too hard
in episode no like before like that
Instagram video is that girl banana you
don't put this but no it's fun that was
like what was it well yeah I know that
was Louis that was me before
yeah I think my creative vision
everything is working best on this
project because now the synchronicity
between mean Daniela and just what we're
doing and capturing I think we finally I
can I finally got it were you scared
when were you really scaring you jumped
off that cliff scariest thing I've ever
done what is everyone talking bunny
jumping yeah I was and how many fun guys
before yeah but I'm connected this time
I'm just jumping you saw how I swam
everyone was making fun of that another
swim play antics
you shouldn't have jumped with your arms
I like that I don't know what I was
totally wrong
I was terrified yeah my brother has a
cat my name is Leo and Leo and my
language means nice which means my she's
black where she and she is let's give
her her her time on camera so what am i
sleeping tonight you're gonna sleep on
my couch I'm not gonna sit next to me I
don't care but that was kinda green
might have she autumn sorry I'm
exhausted we pulled an all-nighter
yesterday and we're we're you know we're
willing to go east onto this oh no I
heard you when I trip I didn't know
where we're going I'll tell you about
that right now because I haven't told
them where it is yet but yes so we're
non-stop this is going first of all
thank you so much for being what you
guys are being to this journey
you guys are honestly the heartbeat to
this project right now I mean Daniela
has seen all the names you guys are
suggesting for this project and we've
been getting like tons of emails about
how to start up our own charity because
you guys are feeling that that's what is
going to be our next move but I just
want to say thank you guys so much for
supporting I hope you guys are coming
with us to the Middle East and
everything else we got going on we're
just so excited you probably have a ton
of questions about today's episode like
where did you get the money to give the
uber driver Daniela had extra cash at
Exeter because I'm officially a zero for
the journeys money or questions like
where do I get this hat I got it from
Alex's apartment or the shoes all
wearing today but anyways I just want to
say I'm going to be fully transparent
with you guys and I'm literally breaking
the fourth wall here to say I did not
get paid for today's video I actually
asked the geek to donate $5,000 to
charity on top of what they're already
doing for us they're not able to do that
right now but hopefully in the future we
can build that partnership so what they
were able to do is get us the flight to
the Bay Area
tickets to the game get us the flight
back to Los Angeles and no strings
attached that's all it was and it gave
me something for you guys I always do
this when I go to the game
$20 off to any sporting event you want
to go to any concert you want to go to
any event you want to go to if you click
the link in the description below and
enter code foo see after you sign up
you're going to get $20 off instantly
after your next purchase so yeah there
you guys go I'm not gonna you know hide
anything from you guys anymore thank you
see me for making Paul's dream come true
thank you you guys for supporting it we
really hope you guys enjoy it don't
forget click the link in the description
get your $20 off if you want to go to a
concert or just you know enter code
 and if you ever end up buying
tickets in the future you'll have $20
long I love you guys so much tomorrow if
you want to know what's going to happen
in the episode we're going to try to go
to my old high school and meet some of
my old teachers and I'm going to wear
this grand once in American high school
so yeah I hope you guys come back for
that if you made it this far into the
episode give this video a big thumbs up
I've never asked for that I don't think
in these episodes but today I'm a little
delusional right now so I'm asking I
love you guys so much thank you for your
endless love and support and we will see
you tomorrow and I'm not going to end
this video right now Daniela
