previously so we just had 10 million
subscribers and when I say we I mean you
and I not just me once I give this out
it's all I got
all right here I'm going on I don't know
man I got you I got you I got you
so Daniella has a bunch of stuff to do
today to get ready for the Middle East
next week so I have to walk like this
for a little while so get ready for a
personal little diary from me to you
first thing I see coming here how's it
going sir you need anything once more
huh some water no no I'm not hurting you
on the hard way I'm sitting I'm hey
drunk my name is yousa how long you been
out here five years you got any money on
you right now this is nothing if I could
give you one thing right now what would
you want
I'm going to drink well these people who
are watching right now they're like the
most amazing people in the world and
they actually gave me something to give
to you
okay so here's $100 it ain't fake all
right what you going to do with it huh
some pants some shirts and says I spend
it wisely all right
god bless so that is another $100 that
bharata's gave me so now we have 300
left to spread and I have a good idea
for that later today just got done
saying hi to a bunch of people and
saying bye to a bunch of people because
I'm leaving to the Middle East and don't
know when I'll be back but I'm so happy
because the gentleman who is sitting
right here is no longer there and I just
makes me so happy so I hope he puts out
$100 to good use and that's just the
beautiful feeling so get this I had
nothing to do in LA today because I'm
waiting for Daniella so I had the most
perfect idea
I asked Erin if I can borrow his car so
here it is right here and I'm on my way
now to thank the most important person
in this journey or people I should say
I'm so excited but here's the bad part
of it
Erin's car had no gas and I had to spend
money from the journey in to the car so
thank God gone
everything happens for a reason
watch what I'm about to do because I'm
here at this point in time like I'm
driving $2.00 and muffin right now and I
saw something that I can do on my way
there running through cars and I'll let
you watch this hey how much hey no I
wanna buy it
he thinks I'm trolling right now look
I'm gonna leave it for you
he thinks I'm trolling sir right here I
ran out my car aggressively I ran up to
him I was recording and I said here here
I want to buy I don't know I feel so bad
now anyways he's recording me he thinks
I'm up to no good I put the hundred
dollars in his flowers
so hopefully that blessing spread but
what I wanted to do was spread the
hundred dollars from bruh wadis to him
and then he would have been able to like
you know take off for the day I could
have took the flowers and then spread
them to people and people could have
spread them to people but I just found
but it's okay it's all in the name of
love
alright now I'm about to experience the
biggest surge of happiness in so long
and it's like I had to share my 10
million with these two do you remember
me I always feel like forget what so you
guys have been asking me who has been
taking care of dollar and muffin well
here's their favorite like this is their
favorite place to be by far she's been
taking amazing care of them thank you so
much can you hold it yeah oh my goodness
okay okay guys so I just explained the
whole journey and she's down with it and
I told her that we're going to the
Middle East next to he got in tell her
we're thankfully she said she is down to
look over dollar a muffin for a little
bit longer that he's happy he's doing
good I'll come to you soon okay
there's no time that I'm going to be
ready to leave them right now so I have
to just continue so I don't even like to
think about it if I don't talk about it
in the journey at all you know
anything about them just know that
they're happy they're doing good and I'm
happy as well so it's even very shortly
I have to go I have to man I wish there
was a way to take them both that's what
I was originally gonna do but it would
have been unfair to them I mean we have
been maybe guys let me know what you
think about dharm up and joining the
journey how you guys feel about that so
I really need to hear your opinions on
that whether it be some Twitter comments
whatever it may be message me on
Instagram however you can reach me I'm
all baby all right guys I'm gonna be
fully transparent with you so as you
guys know we Daniella is filming this
whole journey with me she's the biggest
sweetheart in my life right now and
she's been doing an amazing job and
she's so humble and she doesn't ask for
anything and she's just having fun on
this adventure
and I know I said I can only spend money
on like people in need and stuff but
Daniela needs a lot of stuff for her
camera right now like different rigs and
different things and she's on her way
here right now so I told her all I look
at the stuff but I think I'm going to
surprise her and get it for her because
she deserves
she's going to say no no no it's for me
she look part of this journey I love her
you guys loved her so let's do something
nice for her oh hey gang now I'm holding
the camera in your face what a hose
waiting to put the camera in her face
all right so we now have to pick out
some cameras with me we have a whole
alright so I'm not going to show you the
goodies that Daniela got let's just say
when we go out of here and we go to the
Middle East if you think production is
good now because we are cooking killing
it
we're about to step up our game this is
about to become a movie each episode is
about to come a movie the episodes are
already amazing but this is about to be
a movie but one thing Daniela what
you're here on the journey yeah you've
been helping a lot and they love you and
they're thankful for you right now so
mean them decided we're going to get
this for you for the journey for like
for the journey and after and all that
stuff what just for this little good
aqua I do that yeah but it's for the
it's for you deserve it you've been
helping so much we've been giving back
even have a lot of people as oh yeah
thanks guys
yeah they they gave me the idea they
told me to do it so excited I mean her
was like hi Chris
there you go the star the new star
pretend like I'm famous
I didn't say famous I just feel like you
should be recognized amazing work you
put on it okay that's what I'm saying so
you guys see me I hope you guys start
saying oh my god daniela daniela or like
my dad says daniela and like you know
appreciate her so everyday Danielle is
holding the camera you're listening to
my story you're watching me talk well
Daniela get your butt on that curb right
there I'm going to get a beautiful angle
and now we're going to ask you some
questions I head down sit down like that
right yeah yeah
about lighting will be beautiful get it
from right on it suppose you can't tell
the Danielle oh you cannot tell the new
director to the journey what to do I
know what to watch I'm even going to do
a cinematic oh there we go
okay so Yusef asked me earlier or he
actually told me he's like I'm so
grateful for it to have you on this
journey right and I was like he says no
like I'm actually this is my dream
because I've always I always wanted to
film and travel those are the two things
that made me super happy in life right
we have the honor of like helping people
that like are there and that need help
and that makes me feel more than happy
than ever right thank you you sir for
having me thank you and now it's you're
about to pull out pull in into the sky
all right so me and Danielle are about
to start the adventure but as soon as I
come outside I see a dollar on the floor
now this is a lucky dollar because I'm
going to save this dollar now for the
whole journey in every single house we
sleep at I'm going to ask the person who
slept at it to find a dollar and it's
going to be like the dollar of our
adventure if you see us in the streets
and you want to sign the dollar ask to
find a dollar and I will let you sign
the dollar you can this is going to be
insane remember this dollar tell energy
major announcement to this journey
because you and I upgraded Daniela's
equipment and now she's like boss
daniela has now spread the love and gave
me my first ever DSLR camera so now i
will be vlogging but also be helping
daniela get the b-roll shots and
directing and things on the street I
literally I told her I was like yo I
want to get the drone shots I want to
get the b-roll I'm going to do all this
stuff when we go out the Middle East so
now this is going to be a collaborative
effort and just know that I have a part
of the beautiful beautiful quality too
now guys I swear I'm just so excited
Daniela wait what are we doing let's go
let's go
is that for your family
no huh that's what my crew Oh what do
you guys doing Oh what do you want in
your again yeah what you guys doing
setup some mob looks in there how long
all night no there you go
hit it oh yeah you guys are working that
size long see what you guys are doing Oh
cuz I'm about to buy some stuff and
Peggy the skid row and cast it out so
I'll start with like here
helping you and your crew oh oh of
course
enjoy thank you very much Cory I got
your spoon whatever you want I got a lot
of people who have blessed me and they
just told me to help everyone around so
I'm helping everybody I can right now
oh you are cuz now like you can give
back to somebody by like a smile your
files great like a smile or give me a
hug gotta like we were like that oh no
problem she'd like
I'll see you see see pass it on of
course man enjoyed of course what are
you getting
put it in my order then because I'm
getting can I get 15 pieces there's that
too much that's fine
what are you guys getting what are you
guys getting you know the things on it
gonna be oh cheese pepperoni is fine I
took a kid thank you so much I got
extras boy
yeah I'm trying to give you pizza what
you want yeah an official one yeah
can I buy it for you I'll buy it for you
okay I'll buy it for you thank you
question ya know we are nello Alvarez or
golovkin who's going to win boxing
Canelo or golovkin and alone Canelo
you like vanilla I don't know it's gonna
be a big fight be quiet
Hey Canelo Hey yeah ankle in a second
feature okay yeah oh no I'm not Canelo
I'm not Canelo you thought I was he
thought I was Canelo Alvarez let's do
that yeah yeah okay it was alright you
see there massa
can you tell them I'm gonna start taking
this to my car but some wait I'll pay
for their son oh man he thought I was
Canelo Alvarez I told him I wasn't and
he still wanted a picture of Canelo
he's helping me he said he wanted to
help me Kara's okay pizza for me thank
you for the leave your one back one back
love love okay my cars over here I'll go
do my cars over here thank you Andrew
Canelo
is process thank you
thank you good luck okay thank thank you
so much below you'll be car yeah
trying China China give love gives
everything peace love where you from
meghamala bottom Allah Sofia Guatemala
thank you I tried he didn't want to
believe that I wasn't gonna go but you
know what I spread love he spread love
it worked so it's okay go Canelo well
made you open your eyes in your heart to
tell me Little Caesars and be buying
pizza for keep random people a stranger
that you don't know
look life over the last couple of years
don't cry hey buddy why yet enterprise
here's the thing here's the thing here's
the thing life truly gave me everything
that I asked for and more and I'm the
first to say I took it for granted and I
looked at everything that I had done and
everything that I could have done and I
wasn't happy with what's on the mirror
so I was like the only way to get rid of
this unhappiness now is to do what I
should have done for years I got rid of
everything and now I'm just traveling
the world and I don't know what this
project is called yet but the purpose is
to do everything would love spread love
give love so if you like look I'm not
going to change the world that person
might not change the world that first
why not change world but together we can
make the world a better place by simple
things we've been like I turn on I don't
even watch new so it's a joke so I'm
like you know what let's let's let's put
all that aside and look if a pizza is
going to make your day then I want to
buy you a million pizzas because it's
worth it like to see you smile what's in
my stomach correct is not know where the
day it's tonight
it's
it's a nice so that's what it is really
I feel like life put me in this position
I'm telling you life gave me so much
it's only right now that I give back and
why am i showing the world why I'm
giving back because I'm on my road to
happiness and if this what I just did or
what we just did together inspires one
person out there to go out and do the
same look how many chain reactions we
have and now you have kids helping
people you have adults helping people
you have people making up with people
like on this journey I've been
apologizing to people I've wronged in
the past imagine that every person goes
and apologized somebody they've wronged
we're gonna make the world a happier way
and you were a part of the journey so
thank you so much thank you
and I hope you receive that love today
nobody barely host can do what you just
did right now in Santa Monica area well
that's why it's on us she can't wait for
somebody else to do it we gotta do it
Robin I'm doing is definitely keep from
your heart to the world like you said
god bless
know everyone that's what this is all
about and I'm like I had to talk while I
was talking to her I have to say yo you
cried in yesterday's video you're not
about to crying two videos in a row I
had to hold back so many emotions man
this journey just keeps like I just feel
like I'm receiving love from so many
different places in life right now that
it's like like when Goku turns super
saiyan Lucy is going super saiyan but
with a lot of love and imma start giving
a lot of love to so many people let's go
I gotcha I gotcha I got I got her I got
more I got more I got more for you I got
more yeah one thing I got you I got you
yeah I'm gonna give out what I had all
right huh I don't have you I don't have
water but one second I promise huh
promise
okay girls I want here you go I'm trying
here you know I'm sorry I'm sorry here
you go
yeah yeah one sec I'm gonna see what
here let me see let me see what else I
got
okay let me see the keys yeah I want to
thing I want to thing hundred mm mm ah
we got more we got more I got more I got
more yeah I'm sorry but once I give this
out it's all I got
all right here on and on and on and on
and on and I got you I got right okay if
you get one I got you I got you I got
one more here you go very good
I'm sorry I gave all of them but I
didn't get around I just gave up so much
huh
here here I'm gonna I'm not here here
here's a father I guess all I got with
me
here you go I'm sorry I'm sorry that's
all I got and I'm sorry that I'm sorry I
just had us all I had okay I'm sorry I
got it what time is good I couldn't be
over depressing it looks good
what's on it this part near the moon oh
yeah not like here we go right thank you
we're just out here man
why not no old mattress because the most
you are me here's $100 really good
three-way
hey here's $100 sir thank you so much
yeah
God let's go but hey Jason how do you go
on can you do can you spread love with
that dog give it around yeah yeah oh my
god thank you brother love all right I
love you mmm god bless hey I'm sorry I
had this friend and spread spread spread
hope I tried to give up when life modern
name of Yahshua the Messiah
yeah oh jeez oh I should get young man
look lady anyway anybody who didn't get
people and you got you what I thank God
for this guy and I say three things
young on what you hear into it put God
first take 25% of your income and by
using income profit god bless
yes I'll have a dollar I just gave them
everything I had all this our job is
preparing Jeff you know she's 92 yo I'm
coming she's good oh well it ones big
ones like one day I promise you look
look that gentleman right there he has
money say we gonna go by anybody food
right Mary right now right there who's
got the mother so much
hey birthday right here don't let
everything's on there annulus it is
regenerators 99 to go they have it they
have everything right there
I know I believe it yeah yeah yeah god
bless you you downtown you did not down
I'm trying I'm I'll be back to the
understood it let this young man and I'm
trying my best
don't you got you know good job god
bless man I'm Tom a bit every day huh
380 yep
and I was 12
next I'll bring clothes I gotcha
godless huh god bless god bless I'm cold
and that's all I have right I don't have
anymore yeah yeah yeah
I'm sorry I ain't got no more not
Danielle yeah I'm sorry
love y'all so I was so like in the
moment there that not only did I give
away all the money for the journey like
to give to people like that were honest
gave us and all that sir I gave away all
armlet like throughout all this so we
literally back here are back to zero
literally I'm cool with that
I'm cool with that so my day is now done
and I have just realized that I have not
eaten anything I've been so busy running
around spreading love being fed love but
I'm full more full than I need to be I
tried to keep this episode as really
andross possible for you all so you can
experience what we experienced and see
how much appreciation went into such
small things today whether it be buying
pizza for somebody or spreading
pizza to somebody you're opening the
door for somebody or carrying people to
our car we have so much to be grateful
for we're all too blessed to be stressed
we all have things in our lives right
now that aren't going the way we want it
to we think that the little things that
we're going through right now are big
when in fact the little things are big
but they're big blessing because the
little problems that we have we're
blessed to have because some people
would kill for those problems I love you
guys so much
that's a real smile and thank you guys
for being a part of this
pretty soon I'm going to find a way to
invite you guys into this journey to
help us continue spreading this love I
finally feel like we know what this
project is about now I'll see you guys
tomorrow
