obviously after I told my parents you
know and we had to talk and everything
for no reason I had a panic attack
Lindsay and Taylor just left to go to LA
for the day so I'm by myself they kind
of left me behind I don't know what I'm
going to do today but good morning Kurt
I'm actually Sookie to you
yo bro
hey what are you doing what that no dude
you're actually you're actually doing
this but how'd you get here oh we need a
place to stay last night who let you in
here did you just walk in I think so I'm
tired I don't remember so this is how
this is so this is how this works you do
see listen you can't oh nice to meet you
hi Shannon
yeah Tanner hi yo my bad is that cool no
yeah totally fired left right this is
how so this is how this works you they
just at you actually just stay at
people's houses yeah yeah sure no kind
of my room they take the exhaust my crib
it's kind of messy they're kind of
ignore them no this is though vibrant we
got we got an arrow like I wonder if
boss fan fan art you know thanks for
letting us stay here me I think so
they're in this bag what can I show that
what do you got going on for us today
you're in for a treat people yeah yeah
let's go
hey Irene make some is dollar in London
yes dog tattoo goes on oh I miss the
most to Tico I got just long tree for
Turkey oh lets goe do still a play with
like palm frond like Dennis I just like
what a waited for in a Malaysia my mom's
cause she's in decision hahahaha you oh
no yo you know I'm prone to accidents
and injury Janna so i'ma teach you had a
problem Rebecca that's not happening no
it's gonna what what
no no no I've never gone on a trampoline
we try to train me first like this is
how I gotta get off yeah
whatever works all right I'm on bit
rustic wait oh how do you how to cut you
words assembly like how do I get it ah
oh
why I like a grown adult baby I don't
know how to do any basic thing the back
of my feet like we do all right party I
party you jumped off the roof yeah don't
get hurt no no no
hey y'all huh oh thanks my fish oh no
but come on and come up here all right
push out maybe oh you're warming up and
it ends like weird snow we almost take
10 million subscribers together you got
it done when your knees bent I said why
would you move it
believe it or not guys like growing up
my parents like date like I did crazy
stuff as a kid but then I got more
scared as I grew up I was more free as a
kid so doing this stuff I can't
oh that was good you went high but you
got scared Scotty
I got terrified I thought I was dead
like when I was flipping I found my life
was over I thought I was landing on my
neck that time you what did waiting to
jump in and through it
ah I don't ride last ride
is this gotta just fit the person I'm
sure enough oh okay no joke oh yeah
thank you very good alright well you did
it I thought now we're back with vanilla
moral move come on cuz kids problem move
you're not even getting out to the
entire you get out of our Flynn come on
no you can do it oh you want me to run
and jump off of it if you wanted this is
like the sketchiest one and over there's
all the other ones let's say hello Oh
another meeting I'm a meeting in LA I'm
on my way I'm always around a lot of
meetings today I've noticed you were
crazy man am I the only one who lives
scared I guess so that's the thing
that's why you're doing yeah that's the
thing
I've been living scared my whole life I
need this branch out of that look I'm
never gonna phone never and now I'm
going to talk to my flock I'm gonna jump
off this clip right now ready yeah
let's beer this baby let me sum up them
what's your name
hitman hitman hitman is about to jump
off of this cliff right here just like
that you're going to jump just like that
we're gonna go for long Tom OH
it was free well that looks terrifying
I was trying yeah you did that easy yeah
he did that easily hope I really want to
conquer my fears I should do this anyway
I'm like scared of water man like that's
legit a fear of mine I know I say I'm
scared of everything guys but there's a
lot of things that I haven't processed
some child and I have a fear of like
deep water dang I need to fix all that
what's wrong with me that looks cool hey
yeah I do is nothing
you sure am I going to hit anything down
there if don't and you and alt pencil
and like try go down random yeah
you know oh yes a guy right yeah I would
do so Zeppelin your knees after a just
like a joke
don't throw mon-sol character you got it
like push yourself to new limits you've
never did it kind of do it with me right
now do with me like you person and I'll
go yeah I can't do without you what am I
going
think about this like how you call me if
you wait 20 minutes I'll come back okay
no you do not log on right next to them
all right everywhere extending it to
just land I wondered way out there
religion
yeah there's no way to
that without
and a 25-foot clip in one day yes sir
that's just focused I feel so proud I do
that for you guys cuz I'm on this
journey I don't want you to think I'm
not going to step out of my comfort zone
I just had to jump
so at 17 my first car was a Honda Accord
I loved it it was my baby like my
girlfriend loved it at the time I was
doing it I was like I was like I was the
king 7:15 jogging the craziest GTR I
have ever seen in my entire life
oh my goodness I tell every young
entrepreneur that I've been saying I
hope you see how much of a blessing this
is and how like it's amazing you're
killing me oh you're humble as ever
that's what's most amazing thank you're
just absolutely insane man you have
genius right here all his stuff that
he's doing all his talents and
everything is beautiful to see you at
such a young age I'm speechless
I thought you were in there no what the
hell what are you doing thanks for our
dirty now I guess it is
just gonna say you inspired me today and
help me grow as a person
thank you you really got me out of my
comfort zone today it's like literally
like little Jack showed Goliath a huge
lesson so he's brined in keep killing it
like I like if I was a parent I'll be
happy that my kids watched you straight
up so you go in it I find filling it
whoa
and now we don't know what we're going
come excuse me thank you
hey are you homeless you want some
clothes this is perfect what's up man we
watched from the journey see how's it
going sup oh boy how you doing
blessings on your stroke blessings and
always always
you probably think somebody's about to
jump out of here and like kidnap you but
nobody fits in a Miata I promise here I
got sweaters I got shirts
so phase drug I told you I'm going to
give your clothes away here you go here
you go your shirts another sweater
another shirt you got money on you my
friend I beat them in basketball he gave
me $500 I said I was going to spread
that $500 away you're the first person I
can spread of to so here's one hundred
god bless
I get a hug is there anything else that
we can help you with around here like
you want us to get you food or something
Burger King you need anything from Big
Five and high minute where that goes you
sure like you like any cars mainly
looking through my clothes eventually is
that really my bag they had closed guy's
exact the other day then I'm sorry to
hear that man this is that's like so
dope see the journey denim on
everything's just been aligning you we
were literally about to drive off I saw
you and I said all the clothes Kasey
down and I tell me you needed clothes so
I just feel like there's a purpose to
this so thanks for being a part of it
goblet so we are now back in Daniela's
Miata and we have to go back to LA right
now cuz she has to check on her cat I
should probably see dollar muffin before
we leave the country
yeah dollar muffin I'm sorry we are
leaving the country very soon I will
tell you all about that very soon this
is actually mad exciting but before we
go back to LA as I told you guys
yesterday I had a meltdown and a panic
attack and I was like rude to my parents
she said I wasn't rude she said I was
just being stressed out but I felt rude
so I'm going to go to them right now and
apologize and then we're going to drive
back so Daniela doesn't want to eat and
you can go into a Middle Eastern
gathering and not eat so we're going to
tell them that she has to film so if
you're wondering why Daniela isn't
eating because she doesn't want to eat
tell them Daniela Sullivan I'm full she
doesn't want to eat so don't think we're
starving her for this journey as it's
been that's people it's not it rises I
mean
as I want so I just went to the bathroom
I come back and Daniella has food on her
plate what happened to the plan before
you did
in my culture we eat with our hands on
describe this before so I'd get a piece
of bread and go like this I'd go in here
okay that was very messy okay that was
very messy but now I want you to see
something
he's how many generations before me
eighteen eighteen to Steven his Club
succeed I want you to show them how you
can eat with just your hands no bread
watch this guy's
but you know when you eat met a little
bit or what's that one yeah this is how
they actually do it and this is not a
joke right that's acceptable that they
stood in agree they stood in a circle
and they heat the first time I went to
my family's house or it's all that
happening I said I'm not hungry anymore
and I left
just one thing for you you helped me
start YouTube on March 25th 2011 you are
my first camera in laptop blah blah you
guys did today you know I told you I
quit youtube earlier this year you were
so scared what I'm gonna do
I came back will head like right now
there's second ten million the biggest
play ha ha
awesome million whoa check it out
it just shows the numbers so the number
I'm truly knighted thank you thank you
that's curry with the shot boy man watch
this though like I know my family didn't
really like reacting so they're so
grateful when I go on Twitter watch them
to refresh you right now watch this can
you see it like I had to load more just
how many there is look how many people
are saying Congrats already these are
all within the second look if I wasn't I
was going to be happy for you then
Johnny I think guys my dad would be more
happy if the Warriors won the NBA Finals
than he is for this ten million the
Warriors is Guiness we've is four two
zero four two zero
thank God so we just hit ten million
subscribers and when I say we I mean you
and I not just me
Danielle oh you're part of that too
my mama no mom we have to go love you I
just want to say the journey has been
insane and I don't just mean the journey
I'm on now I mean I started YouTube on
March 25th of 2011 and I've gone through
a lot and you guys had been there with
me through it all I cried my eyes out at
a hundred thousand subscribers I
remember sitting on my parents couch
crying my eyes out
because of how much it meant to me
because I put blood sweat and tears into
the journey I quit so many times I had
given up on myself so many times I had
one send it to the literally
in my life so many times during the
journey I know that severe but I'm dead
serious
I pushed and I fought through adversity
impossible everything tasty orgasms
before the beginning of this year was
the hardest year of my life I lost
everything that I've built around me I
had hit rock bottom I started hating
myself
everyone started dating me I had quit
YouTube I stopped taking pictures and
people in the street because I didn't
want to look at the reflection of who I
was because I hated myself coming back
and doing this journey now and getting
the support that you guys give me has
been the best being that I'll be having
to this year with my life and no matter
how hard it gets and no matter how much
you think you've fallen I promise that
you can get up if you cry and you can
get you back up from any situation
because I wasn't supposed to come back
after this last time I quit YouTube but
I came back and I fought through
everything and how I have to tell you
people say thank you to then I'm
laughing I'm not crying so thank you so
much the bottom of my heart I love you
guys and I thank you so much be part of
this journey with
you can't wait to see what's to come I'm
not crying for the number I'm crying for
so much more and just know I am thankful
for you guys each and every day and
especially more than ever now on this
journey because you guys are so grateful
for you guys in I'll never take you for
granted again so thank you for bottom
out there supporting my dream supporting
these sporting movement and everything
even when everyone in Manna Dey is you
guys are by my side so thank you I love
you it's time to continue to charity
