previously well I was talking to to
Yousuf on you know texting back and
forth and I told like oh you know what
you are my brother's guardian angel yeah
you know is this all meant to be
my name is you said Erakat I go by
on YouTube and I've recently decided to
adopt a minimalist lifestyle so four
years of my life I tried to find
happiness by spending money I would buy
any and everything that I felt would
make me happier as a person and I
quickly found out that that doesn't work
I spent the majority of my life in Los
Angeles over the last couple years by
myself in my apartment you know I wanted
to meet new people I wanted to hang out
with other youtubers I wanted to travel
and explore the world but I never did it
because I found myself very comfortable
so in order to get myself to step out of
my comfort zone I decided to get rid of
everything that I owned all my prized
possessions you know all those things
that I thought money can buy happiness
with and now I'm traveling the world
with just my backpack the clothes that I
have on myself and essentials like my
phone in my pocket so this is an
untitled travel series because it's
still a work in progress and I wanted to
grow as you and I grow during this
journey I'm currently exploring with my
good friend Daniela she's the woman
behind the camera right now
amazing job and she's crazier than I am
for doing it we wanted to spend none of
our own money and we wanted money that
was given to us to be given back to
charity in doubles so we're keeping
track of that and I've also pledged
$100,000 of my own to go to charity and
to give back to communities while we're
doing this journey so as of right now we
have about four hundred and forty-nine
dollars saved up but it doesn't feel
right in my pocket because right now
we're going to use the yellows car to
actually get us to San Diego and we're
just going to adventure there and
finally leave LA so all we really need
is money for gas so I'm going to take a
twenty for gas and we're going to spread
the rest out back into the community so
the more money that I get the more
prized possessions that I get on this
journey we're going to circulate back
into the world that's enough talking
let's start exploring
so Daniela has had this course and she
was 12 years old and she said she's been
driving since she was 12 are you sure
it's good to drive
okay that's higher is good enough tires
good okay now I'm going to try to crack
the windshield with this make sure I
can't drive stick so I can't drive us so
and yell are you sure you have your
license
thank you you can drive yeah you have
why are you so doubtful do you have any
anything on your record
I don't texting and driving one okay
where's your phone give me your phone
Daniella so Texican driver there's no
music on the ride so it's going to be
full of static radio or you know what
maybe we just take this time to talk on
two hours in five minutes on the road
can I get a carne asada burrito
yo yo yo we're about to be on the way
right now it takes like two hours in
like seven minutes and that's like if we
made it like just straight shot
okay I know powers do it man okay all
right see you soon
what are you doing Daniela here we have
Daniela filling up gas how are you
feeling it looks great are you feeling I
wanted to think of it I didn't know how
you know I couldn't think of anything to
do I was sitting there laughing and I
was like oh well you're actually I got a
FaceTime somebody right now my cousin
who looks exactly like you who I wanted
I remember you message me one thing you
look exactly like my cousin techne we're
now seeing you right now it's like a
it's so insane yeah aren't you shaking
right now
yeah we've been kicking it she's moving
on a filter why did you want me to go
aren't you guys go to the Middle East
yeah I just pulled I just put her on we
just got invited oh my gosh you know
yeah I do
guys I'm bugging out she says I'm sorry
but it's not much look at this like I'm
gonna record you getting a play yeah
so listen just came in so if you guys
don't know he thinks he's getting
basketball like you post like vlogs
sometimes about like I lost the game for
my team or I got crossed up on a box at
home so I drove in San Diego to play um
I told it all you want to say what's up
I want to talk just to court outside all
the way from on the court I'd let you go
to Chicago tomorrow we're playing in the
morning ball what time's your play the
clock we got Sun going down in the
morning I need a carb up right now
Carmen oh you thought he was gonna get
away with it all which I'm just fine no
much like that you ever think about you
could talk so long we need to settle
this on the tomorrow does not know what
he's cute too so we just spent a good
amount of time outside just hanging out
they said I'm a part of the family now
but we got big things to worry about
right now gonna stretch me to tomorrow
okay get me good oh yeah it's been a
while yeah yo why don't you two stay
right now what you said earlier when I
said who you thinks gonna win tour
what's up ramen yo you know I got this
journey going on right so how about if I
win you add $20 to the journey I went to
that 20 lug if oh I donate 300
post-injury
$300 so something I didn't know guys I
would get these comments on my vlogs and
it would be like these big comments of
really nice words about me and you know
very supportive stuff and you know I
thought it was like a fake film but it
turned out it was mama Rexach yo and she
has over half a million subscribers and
she posts stuff and everything so thank
you little sweet words and thug you know
my love to this guy goes way back
seriously since you started I've been
watching you you make me laugh and
because then you make me laugh and it's
crazy so and I remind him well yeah
that's that's why we just spent the time
I thought right now in the fireplace and
IRA snacks and food and just reminded me
of home so it's a good vibe here
I wish small synagogue
the hardest part about not the hardest
part but one thing about doing this is
the first three months of this year and
I know you know your tweets or stuff all
I did was Jim and I got a huge and I was
doing good and now doing this don't go
to the gym and eating this and I'm
already like when we go to the Middle
East there's not going to be time for
benchpress and all that so that's going
to be interesting you still look great
and you know that okay not just me keep
eating when I'm learning go for the game
not really carving me up all you guys
are gonna see tomorrow what do you think
is gonna win my god I like to it's
between hurts I'm if you mean give me a
shout-out for my time no I don't wanna
get dumped on like not just so I can die
and say I got dumped on by fouseytube
you can't really polish yourself on bus
uh from where you go ahead I got all
defensive like why are you thinking is I
shouldn't have tried this one too but
because I was supposed to like this
whole thing I was supposed to like see
another side to life not living good but
you got every one I've been going to as
and treating me better than I treated
myself before I know I do my job
stop it stop it too much everywhere I
think good food this one right here is
20 years old you can tell but I thought
he was pushing like I wouldn't give any
26 yeah it's our bad thing is this
comparison because you look young and I
use my stick okay I love my 24 please
like 700 28 it is a kid you use a 23
yeah I don't know why I let it change
right now
oh I think you looked earlier but I
couldn't no they say I should know oh
when I preferred you to like unlisted
and by the way this is how you guys this
is how in million households you say but
we would be like this big lemon yeah
well we got three core i7s thank you
guys for being at the door for intimate
our you know yeah yeah walk through the
car talk again and then you guys drive
home water bombers to leave him
seriously I'm so happy so glad you came
thank you guys means a lot to us anytime
okay guys is currently the morning of
the one-on-one basketball game so on
Twitter challenge ran into a basketball
game because he's like really good at
basketball like love at your phone
because I only have these pairs of shoes
oh man I didn't bring my shoes
it's literally trying to hand with
measure me I'll telephone excuse it is
just bowling shoes are Brock usually
don't know I talk a lot of like trash in
basketball and a lot of you know that
dr. parks
I didn't even try it out I'm so bad
feel also it's gonna wash once I slept
on a bed so my alignment is messed up I
think I got like scoliosis right now oh
hey mags a retard
okay I'll get that fine I'm gonna talk
so much crap and I make it pink I'm good
white socks are bad luck in basketball
oh and I don't I only have this pair in
the red ones I can't help seem like true
skills this ball like it's a little flat
right can you get the phone no no no you
sure no no it's okay we can't change
regulations yeah yeah I'm just saying
like my jumpers off because it doesn't
have the right like yeah yeah yeah Brian
just bring the pump I don't want to grab
yeah I hopefully have to get a point for
you guys I'm trying to get a point great
right that's how much I love you up
let's go okay this one is real the
weather okay like I usually like that
like 83 it's not 83 right now I don't
like my shot because my body is
radiating different kind of life you
know anyway it might be off okay this
one's real I don't want you to see my
jumper or my life I want to warm up I
don't want you to see me you don't want
to scare me away
yeah I want you to go inside so you
don't know what you're going up again
there's more inside more my own thank
you appreciate it thank you I didn't
want to show up empty-handed
so I brought you to something that a no
pressure but one of the best phoenix
honks to ever wear this jersey no
pressure Oh sparkly baby let's go all
right first player on the court hanging
at six foot six shooting guards from
Kentucky Devon oh and that's up at six
foot eight we got Charles Barkley from
Auburn
oh come on
oh I keep doing a husband look that I do
when I'm off their shoulder and I
thought I got hey oh well good
try call timeout I don't know how the
hell MA
I know what happened but if I don't
finish this off now he's gonna come back
I know a five hundred dollars on the
line if I lose I don't have to pay
anything so I'm gonna win this for you
okay guys so for all you bruh bruh is
that told me food he has no jumper and
he can't play did he tell all you guys
to say this before so I didn't expect
anything right now we ought to turn this
around eight - he's beating me this is
your quarterback be a problem here for
three days
Oh game point right here $500 really are
they rich in well I promise you I'm
gonna watch over the tape though
yo this is going out to people right now
y'all I feel like throwing up in all
seriousness this right now is going out
we're going to go and do so much good
with this and I just want you to know
that was all thanks to Bradish so this
is a 20 year olds role that is oh my
goodness
Wow what is going on 20 years old got a
house like this got a car man when I was
20 I was in college
oh man
it's just all men all I ever like to say
like I smell rice gum doing really good
I see you doing really good and I'm a
bit older so I just want to say I hope
you guys know how blessed you are how
grateful you guys are right how like
grateful you I should be yeah all my
friends are dead which me cuz it is my
brother put me to this on my freezer
which me do this all right so your
brother just donated $500 to the journey
right like I'm telling you like I'm
thinking of starting like a charity I'm
thinking of like I want to do so much
bigger than we're doing yeah but now for
you not asking for money what I'm saying
because I did this myself and trust me I
found like it was insane I see you have
a lot of clothes
and a lot of shoes you have anything
even if it's the one article of clothing
you can give me right now I can give to
somebody in need outside or okay I've so
many clothes that honestly like - don't
even wear it though right
I think I'm going to start doing that
for like everybody's house we go to like
asking them because everybody's in a
blessed position right yeah well I want
to start my charity going up to people
not saying hey would you like to donate
to my charity but just letting them know
what we're doing and for those of you
who don't know me and Daniella have been
talking so much off the camera we want
to do more we want to start our own
charity that you guys can be a part of
from the ground up we want to build
schools in Africa we want to we want to
go around the world and we just want to
give back so the small stuff that we're
doing now is just setting the stones for
the big stuff later stay tuned
oh I wasn't looking like a shirt or two
okay we got a sweater Lenny I don't work
we got shirts we got oh it is awesome
please thank you on your behalf thank
you so much no problem so I just want to
say thank you for not only like treating
us feeding us letting us sleep and
everything you know the clothes the game
everything but we truly felt like we
were with our family like I felt like I
was with our cousin so thank you so much
for for housing us and just everything
and being a part of it you guys are like
seriously we bonded like yeah like yeah
thank you so much I have to meet my dad
our house is open so how mad would
Brandon get if I take these off like
don't even tell him I put these on the
counter and then I wear these he'd be
extremely mad when he would yes only
because you beat him in the game earlier
yeah oh my lower back hurts from that I
can't even Ben ah you're like actually
hers actually actually a stretcher ah
Oh her perfect
and they're actually first time tonight
yo is he gonna get paid no I think
you're this has nothing to do with the
journey guys this is me now just how
much were these hallway I don't I was
not say how much were these if I mess
them up of I'm a new pair but I can do
that hold yeah or my mind was that's how
I used to be I'm like Oh pair of shoes
I'll buy him a new one
don't jump oh my god I'm this joining
honestly I don't think he's even gonna
notice okay don't tell him okay y'all
Brandon
i'ma leave these for you because I beat
you in these so maybe they'll give you
good luck all right don't ever put
disrespect on my name again when it
comes to basketball buddy you're
honestly doing a good thing here and
you're taking care of your family it's
like it's dope
thanks go stay humble happy by you too
bro
but the journey good laws guys come back
whenever you guys don't know where we're
going but for some reason I don't know
why but I was thinking that with the
money we've been collecting on the
journey it has to only be to you know
help somebody out on the streets but I
feel like there are times where like
like right now we're at bonds I know
that a lot of families struggle to just
put like you know food on the table for
their families and sometimes they might
be spending their last paycheck in here
and sometimes they might have you know
different types of funding to help them
get the groceries so we're going to go
in here right now and without
overthinking and looking who should it
be just walking up to somebody and not
asking them can I pay for your groceries
but walking up to them at the grocery
and saying hey I'm paying for your
groceries we make the world go round our
love our positivity our energies
together we have the power to change the
world by how much we love each other you
want you think oh I have future just
money enough like huh you want to go
ahead for me oh no no that's totally ok
thank you so much though
I thought I'd call you because everyone
that is pretty greatest romantic is a
Sonia
what's the total from Chris issues right
no for her was literally twenty one
Oh with you paper on paper fun oh thank
you you were kind you asked me if I
could cut you a couple of times and
everything so yeah thank you no problem
Mike thank you for allowing me to like
cut you for the head just have the
flowers I appreciate that
grown-up man like name - you're pretty
young yourself here alright all do
selfies I don't know I always wouldn't I
think he was in first nan and I okay
here's the thing here's wing Donald pic
now here's the thing chairs I'm okay
strike a Hollywood here's the thing if
you saw me like a couple of weeks ago I
was big man I put on sighs I was
training hard are you broken up I was I
was looking I was looking mean and then
I'm traveling right now around and I'm
not eating as much and I'm not working
out at all I shrunk I was like I was
closing next to Bradley Martin like I
was looking good
you trying to compete I was like I was
ready cuz I wasn't doing YouTube for a
minute I had like giving up lost purpose
lost inspiration so I had to dive into
something else I'd open to the gym now
I'm getting all skinny and stuff again
I'm like huh could the gym
Oh for the YouTube I got myself into
none I got myself into a lot of drama
last year and but it was just it was
just a confusing year for me was a hard
year and I had been doing it for five
years and you know what like I started
becoming somebody I was in people
started not like respecting me anymore
and like me so I just like I hit rock
bottom
my life was messing up I was making bad
decisions I like how to fall out with my
agency my management thing so now what
did I do
got rid of everything that I had all my
belongings and now like I'm just on the
spiritual journey for like happiness
I've never been happier just going out
with just this and nothing leaving all
that la talking Fame and I used to walk
around like chains and this and that you
know and really like having that affect
me as a person now I'm like nah that's
not what happiness is about it's like
going giving flowers to my mom
right now you it's called shred the fat
man yeah we all got to go through that
that process man you know we got leave
the people who know have our best
interests in mind alone yeah and then
Icky Poo before that's what I do this is
my friend Daniela mama is there for you
these are from Daniela - this is your
bubble okay
Daniela we came for weight Daniela
Daniela
Daniela yeah he said the brownie that I
gave him in the prank a long time ago
still is still kicking in we came to
watch Game one of the finals with you
what a surprise yeah we slept that
softness house out of you guys would get
along with their parents I want you to
meet their fans she has a YouTube
channel the mom has 500,000 subscribers
Wow
she gives talks on depression and love
and breakup like Baba stuff yeah I would
I would I want to make a youtube channel
with you Fitness channel I cook this
good food the healthy food and you come
with all these workouts for what that
fitness what to do we could do awesome
job because I'm physically friend you
know Wow maybe anybody like maybe that's
in our plan maybe one day one day maybe
one day let me sum this up if you think
my mom should create a youtube channel
but if you had a youtube channel what
would it be about would be applied
advice on I use when I was in city
college I had a small office in San
Francisco advising the student related
problems my mom's giving me the faith
that he's lying I know ok ok I would be
advice and relays you were a counselor
yes you had your own office in San
Francisco and your counselors I think
has an office employee a supermarket in
the free month
and he was advising my mom's calling him
out my mom things like my mom's always
picking on my dad calling them out okay
guys if you want to see my dad's youtube
channel now thumbs up and let me know
and then maybe I'll put a poll on
Twitter who should have a channel baba
mama ha so my mama's cooking my mom has
been fasting all day she hasn't eaten
anything shedding you know drinking
water or anything yes she still you know
manages to work throughout the day cook
amazing dinner for us make us dessert
and just it's incredible
coming here big surprise because thank
you for coming you Danielle Chi because
if we want to here she wouldn't she
wouldn't really have when you're headed
anyway yeah I wasn't such that much so I
just found out that my uncle has been
watching this series he came in and said
hi homeless and I was like I'm not
homeless I thought I meant yeah I
talking me too
I'm sorry guys so you know I know this
is rappy
this is my uncle we've been watching
this series what do you think of it so
far
so far so good and I'm exact that you're
here what else okay you got the Warriors
of the cab oh come on
you can move goes and stays me Baba
that's scary
that's very with the shop boy look here
we go
we got Daniela we got my dad
they are what about topics with me the
cooks the founders look up here we are
finally my mom has been working very
hard know to prepare this dinner for us
today thank you so much mama Daniel
you're gonna have to try everything I
hope you guys are liking hanging out
with my family everything that happened
today so believe it or not since I've
been here I haven't sat down my parents
yet and talk to them about this journey
and I just told them I have to talk to
them so I'm about to walk outside right
now
my uncle's there too so I'm about to sit
them down and then talk to them about
how they feel how they felt about my
video and you know basically tell them
more of my plans so here we go
whoo hey everyone um I know you're
expecting to see what my parents said
but I'm gonna have to push that to
tomorrow because I didn't think I was
going to talk to the camera like this
during the show but I just after I told
my parents you know and we had to talk
and everything for no reason I had a
panic attack and I go through those and
I haven't had one in a while and
especially on this journey so Daniela's
over there we left my parents house and
we just said we have to go and I like I
had like a like a meltdown in front of
my mom my dad and my uncle and I don't
know what it is right now for the first
time I felt like a moment of stress and
pressure and worry um because of the
position that I'm and I'm truly grateful
to be able to do this and I know I see
big things in the future like you heard
me talking about charity and stuff and
I've never so badly in my life through
all my career whether it be me chasing a
milestone or my acting in movies I've
never wanted something and been more
passionate about something in my life
than I am to this project that I'm doing
now this show that I'm doing because of
what it stands for what it represents
and what we have the opportunity to do
together and I know now that so many of
you are now invested into this just as
much as I am so I'm feeling a level of
pressure that I haven't felt in years
and that's not a bad thing it just means
that I so badly want to do great things
and succeed you know for you guys and
you know for myself and you know for
everything like everything that happened
in my life that you know was negative at
one point now that I look back at was
actually such a blessing because it led
me to this moment
right here that our man with this
project with you guys
and I'm just truly truly truly grateful
for it so yeah if you didn't like like
want these kinds of talks on the show I
apologize I just needed to talk and I
just I was having a moment and I wanted
to share that with you guys
so yeah we'll be back tomorrow with the
new episode where you see what my
parents said about this little journey
and then we go on to the next thing who
knows what's going to happen all right
I'll see y'all then I love you and make
sure if you'd like to subscribe then
you'll be notified every day when we
upload a new video and then you could
turn on that notification alright guys
see you tomorrow
you
