previously Gary's back inside right now
he's back inside Starbucks right now
yeah thank you
I hello there I was gonna you need any
money you some change okay one second
here's a 20 god bless thank you so much
Who am I saying thank you I'm just in a
really good mood right now I just got
some really good news thank you so much
how are you doing we just win a huge
circle we came back and now the
Starbucks employee who said you can't
record earlier just told us I Gary's
inside because we told them what we're
doing so we're about to go inside and
see Gary what up are you doing
I can't I came here looking for you I
went to the Samaritan Center I was
taking a nap already oh we didn't look
it right we went to look for your car I
want to talk to you
let's go for a walk is that cool you
want to have your stuff oh yeah and it's
like you saw me thing like this really
yeah this is this is Delaney
hey remember right what you said about
that woman last time watching you this
time how you been alright this just got
you for sleeping this say so I heard I
just I heard you you have a meeting for
the job at 8:30 yes I heard you're about
to be making a lot of money I wouldn't
know if this job is yeah it's a blessing
I understand it but what I'm going to be
doing we're going to find out today at
8:30 I want to ask you something
personal
I'm Twitter
I got hit up yesterday by a girl named
Emily and then I messaged her and I said
it was Gary really your uncle she said
yes me and my whole family watched it
and we were crying so hard so then I
ended up talking to your sister Julie
Julie who also and she said she watched
the video six times and she said she's
crying and then when I asked her
do you want to see him she said more
than anything so I was only if you are
interested in yeah yeah absolutely you
want to see them sure it's my family
they were really like they really cared
about you and they really wanted to see
you when you want to do that it should
be ASAP all right here's what we're
going to do before we go do to your
family how do you feel about cutting
your hair and the beard absolutely
because I want to get this tattoo I just
saw a barbershop I think it was right
there when we were looking for you go
get your beard and haircut right now
step out of your comfort zone
okay so gary said how did you look up
how did you look me up anyway um I just
imagined tonight get this burn center um
Betty's a director so I saw you in
YouTube I was how your bio because blah
blah blah pranks everyone Sun of up it's
better not because I love America
he literally right now we asked him how
he was feeling and he said I feel
guarded and I was like I was like oh
yeah you think you're being pranked I
said that as a joke not realizing that I
used to do pranks and then he goes yeah
I read up on you know like oh I would
not do that to you and I would not know
what we did cruz prank but i'm saying
you know that i wouldn't right i trusted
but you didn't it I'm gonna hurt a
little bit now yeah we're only see you
guys about to get a haircut I got good
news
Lilla world
I left the glue
far behind
rocket to the world about it and you'll
be smiling too don't doubt it
I'm gonna make deadlines with this how
do you feel me I'm one of them now what
would then the corporate see all your
work right now then let's go get you
some corporate clothes in the party
so Yousef is implying that you really
wants to get this but we don't need it
no okay guys cuz now me and her share
money because we're budgeting together
and she had tell me besides you we're on
the side - yes awesome we're going to
different countries ready yeah
what is I get lost or you get lost good
Nuala because it's a megaphone doing yep
but I felt just go ahead you okay okay
okay okay but what if what if what if we
lose our phones and then we don't have
it and we're like really ten feet away
from each other right well we never know
and then we get lost a life and then
this journey is on the other Daniel I
need you point you don't need it
let's go looks good but but we've got
the chains of shoes
I don't know Goku always gonna be here
to a paper whacking that's just what
they'll do
you said you wanted to rent the
motorcycle for fifty two dollars a day
how many days have you had it for I
think three that you know how many
people have been telling me you ripped
me off in the comments guys look at this
he's still going off you want your bike
you're gonna give me a ransom for my own
buy almond meal and a meal I'm coming
one I say we steal it back I'm coming
for knives in five new sirs I'm I'm
coming bad bad
Jacque second yeah how do you like his
hairdo and then recognizing that person
is very comfortable lost my best friend
he's an amazing guy he wanted to see you
guys that's all you're getting it like I
gotta show them honey look now would you
buy a car used car for this guy
I think I'd like that yeah
captain Tyler McManaman the to youtube
channel crackers and cheese crackers not
yet hardcore what do you do I'm I played
League of Legends League of Legends yes
our course of hard courses so practice
natural jutsu general check them out
guys casual Maui and Tyler McManaman
what you know why I want to shout out
his youtube channel because when Tyler
told him to tell me my youtube channel
even off-camera he said no that comes
off as conceited and he was super nice
about it how many subs do you have I got
like 49 anything 149 yeah keep grinding
8000 yeah that's a few guys hey how are
you sorry startled doing
ah-so gaze inside we want you to see him
first he's a little different today I
don't know
oh my god so introduce yourself one more
time my name is and Denise has took it
upon herself to really help Gary so
getting him a phone and what's the job
situation I don't know what you guys
talked about that a it is a thing and he
starts on Thursday he starts on Thursday
can we know what he's going to be doing
or not he's going to be loading vending
machines okay mean help service okay
this is bad Daniels actually good to
teach him really on Thursday
okay um well we were going to take him
to see his family and I talked to him
about it and he agreed but unfortunately
his sisters and available on this whole
week so we're actually going to let him
know that right now and then we're going
to leave you guys to it and then stay
connected with you and I haven't done
anything too large as like a GoFundMe
because that's usually what people do I
like where we're at right now and it's
going amazing and beautifully okay we
were just talking about you do you
realize what you're doing
it's mommy and yeah it's a beautiful no
it's not no not if you mean you as the
vehicle I don't I don't think so
I've been thinking about it a lot and
normally like I would take them I really
it's not because the vehicle was
actually driving is the people watching
you yeah they are they really serious
because they either steer it towards you
know positivity and love and embrace it
or they just reject it and throw it in
bash on it and they've accepted Gary
they've accepted this journey to
accepted you and everybody would love in
open arms
how many hits ahead is like this all
over the world people are taking
pictures of them today yeah Wow
think I'm a celebrity now yeah hey Gary
so weird we're actually going to leave
you guys to issues some exciting news to
tell you about your job that I already
found out about but updated with your
sister she can't see you this week but
she wanted me to let you call her right
now okay
watch that video oh hey you hey weirdo
bizarro world
wow I'm just amazed you are I'm sitting
on I'm just a homeless guy and they say
I know your people wanted to take
pictures with me but I figured this way
I'm almost 60 years old I'll be 59 up
this month yeah oh damn time some
positive in my life I'm gonna dad I'm
just gonna go to good times for a change
well I was talking to Yousef on you know
texting back and forth and I felt like
you know what you are my brother's
guardian angel yeah you know this is all
thank you
you
