previously widow
welcome to your new home
all right you're going to sleep on the
couch cuz well we were planning on
having like a girls night I'm joining as
though I'm having the girl's life you're
gonna and you can get I can ask you like
maybe if I wanted peanuts or something
what yeah this might be the best night
actually I was saying that with guys
like the best choice s I bet I don't
know I've had some pretty good hoes
batch was a good host
he um he went to the club but he brought
me home a bagel yeah he gave me his
couch he gave me a bagel actually now
that I think about it batch you didn't
do much for me wait can I ask you for
something I know I don't know if you
have extras can I change into a stern a
shirt hey this is the best night ever
girl night isn't it check this out guys
medium how we not wearing it now oh for
sure for sure have you guys noticed I've
been supporting this is dope because
this is Bradley Martin fan this is
Amanda sure yes I'm just supporting all
the homies so ojala that tonight is de
Macedo hey I got it was alright I think
you need Google Translate okay and say
something you say something go boy I
eared you saw here la tienda I don't
know how to say doctors but about you
wanna cuddle before we go downstairs
alright guys my Charlie's Angels right
now are currently getting healthy smell
look at this smile alright so I'm the
designated cart driver wait what are we
going with this oh okay okay girls lied
all right enough
I don't know if you guys heard that but
Amanda said they'll wash my clothes yes
horses all right
Daniella you heard it we got two girls
locked and I got no problem I just want
to mention guys for the year and a half
I lived in their building I not once
with shopping for stuff in my fridge and
ever took care of myself
look how much the things there of them
though haha always you me and the
healthy weight Amanda what did you just
ask me to say yes yes yes yes
guys I asked her
we got cookies guys these have been the
no disrespect to my homie to have let me
stay these have been the best guests so
far been host so far we're going to have
a title for best host so far it's amanda
cerny and katya look how dope this is
guys my job for the girls night is to
pick a romantic comedy and while I do
that and they're sending up she's gonna
wash my clothes goals so she's about to
wash my clothes number one batch gave me
these the other day well I'm putting
them to use I wear this to girls night
use peanut yeah hey Dad what we call it
we train my mommy's always make Street
trade I may change I just want to grab
this come put this this grab this one
lanyard is Katya can you guide me oh I'm
ready
gray garden okay guys gotta be quiet
but Amanda's place is like a spa welcome
to they were so hospitable to me I'm
gonna give back the love right now you
guys get a pussy massage didn't bag that
love Amanda yeah what happened yeah why
are you it's funny no don't even try to
fix it it's fine I'm fine
this girl is an angel no you're not
doing or I'm good I'm good
perfect is perfect thank you so much ah
good Moni and just pulled up in his eye
shadow wake up in the bed I woke up on
the bed because I during my Spanish
lesson timonium moaning guys she's a
beast so she woke up while I'm in bed
like after we had a long night you saw
the girls mind started learning Spanish
she had Spanish lessons and now she's
getting her makeup done this is gonna
put an eyelash on this way so I've been
sitting here right there
not wanting to accept the fact that it
might be time to put on my next
destination Oh
understand that my situation in life is
better than so many so don't think that
I take that for granted don't think that
I understand how privileged I am as a
person and that's why I want to go on
this journey to show myself a side of
life that isn't as privileged and that's
why I'm excited to leave Los Angeles and
go to different countries because I
don't only want to experience the good
stuff like we're experiencing now I want
to experience all kinds of life all
aspects of life and I want to help get
back and change so many lives once we
leave here you just got to be patient
with us okay guys so somebody just
knocked on the door they can probably
came in right now before I answer do you
know who it is do you remember a girl
named Elena in my vlogs oh yeah years
ago yeah yeah I invited her today 20 hi
what uh how are you nice to see you
after how many years cool
so before I think before I even talked
to her and everything I wanted us to
know what she did for me so remember I
used to be much bigger than I am now
and much unhappy
her and she would force me out of my
apartment my old old apartment she would
make me go to the park she would make me
go to the gym she would force me to just
not be okay with my situation and she
helped me so so so so so much during it
so the original she was the 90-day
journey so this journey is so special
because I get to reap tonight so I
invited her on the journey today tree
down okay we don't know where we're
going but we get to go somewhere fun
ready he was right there last time me
and Danielle oh we're right here didn't
remember that we were right here and he
was right there he walked up to us and
said what are you guys doing like what
he filmed me because we were filming I'm
hoping they wouldn't know la there's
usually a man outside the homeless man
and Gary just sits right there because
no of him has he been around today today
ah it's not it's okay it's okay because
he said he said I don't have a cell
phone so if you ever need to find me he
told me the place where he would be at
in Simi Valley and I trust that he's
there I feel it we would not like no I
feel it I feel it you gotta have
positive vibes Delaney get that
negativity out of you are you ready
is it a longer jacket the law of
attraction ready here where's this is
your negative bubble giving negative
overall we're going to take it we're
gonna throw it away we're gonna bless
you with positivity so get this I got a
tweet from Emily and she said hey thank
you so much for taking care of my uncle
Gary so I messaged her and I said hey
Gary really your uncle
she said yeah he is and lifted his whole
family and she said we were in tears
watching your video so I asked her
question and then I said simply do you
want to meet him and she said yes of
course and I said put me in touch with
your family and then she said my sister
has been tweeting you and I was like his
sister so I find that tweet and I
message her and I said morning he seemed
to be doing really well do you want to
see him she said I haven't seen him
since he's been in the hospital because
he told us about that and she said we
would love to
I know I'm corny a lot but I'm not
saying this was because of my video I'm
not I'm releasing my but this project
that we're doing together and this
journey that were on this is my first
like awakening as to how big this is and
what can happen gary told us he he told
us a lot about his life and his family
not seeing his daughter so the fact that
now we have a chance to reconcile him
with his sister and we're trying to find
him to let him know the good news it's
just beyond me so thank you guys for
allowing this blessing into my life in
your lives and Gary's life and
everything so to anybody who supports
this whatever this is thank you notes go
fine Gary I don't want them to pay for
something so don't come in with hello
how are you my name is Yusuf use ups
here I'm happy is it good here
no he left about noon today he says he's
meeting with you with someone I'm not
8:34 he's dead he's meeting with a woman
about a job was a woman that was
interviewed a Oh beautiful because I
have contact with her where would he be
right now he had his cart and his cart
wasn't in that locality I win
that's first place I win he wasn't there
no and that's why I was like where could
he have gone
hey Denise its Youssef I'm doing
wonderful actually I was actually
calling to see if you have spoken to
Gary since we last since you last saw
him do you know where he is I know where
he'll be okay I'm gonna go check there
and for what it is
all like it's a good idea just by itself
you know whether it was recorded or not
like it's a beautiful idea so of course
I think that's great
well we would I just get when you said
on my camera Gary back inside right now
he's back in five Starbucks right now
max I started
