previously so right now to start off
season to me and the crew and dollar and
muffins are Teddy's - good morning
everybody
I literally just woke up and ran and
grab my camera because I'm so excited to
upload this video for you today this is
episode 32 of project butterfly but
we're not considering it the first
episode of season 2 the first episode
starts on Monday this is a video of me
Kimo and Daniela having the time of our
lives with my family during a birthday
party that we had for three of our
family members and this video just means
so much to me because there's so much
pure happiness and you know vibes in it
and I'm sure you guys are going to feel
it when you watch it I just want to let
you know that tomorrow I have a huge
announcement like I have a gigantic
announcement I'm telling my parents a
big big big secret of mine and I'm so
excited and I can't wait for you guys to
come back for that
but until then and then tell us ease
them to enjoy this video I know you will
give this video a big thumbs up I love
you guys so much and yeah I hope you
guys have a beautiful day
I really do enjoy
we can't like
alright guys this is muffin and dollars
first experience muffin this is nothing
first flight dollar has blue before but
now they no longer live in Los Angeles
which is their new home now and they
don't know that yet boss
look they've been going party on their
pad
nobody
I don't know I'm single funny there it
is I'm waiting for them to to use the
same though everything to take a dump I
want them to take a luscious dump thanks
for sharing that you
ah and then we got chemo strangler in
the back making friends of everybody
colors I'm gonna be here who's good he's
done no it's not done but we're going to
continue this whenever it is I'm gonna
be here hey Daniela energy where the dog
team oh the family is getting mad man oh
hey how are you nice to see you hey I'm
gonna cheat
hopefully he just not eat a minute mama
why are you scared of her I know because
I look at all this commotion and my cats
cars website open webassembly skittles
oh okay wait wait fits up man
I haven't iPod you have helped I moved
all my stuff from LA so I no longer was
there so whenever we're done with this
what this is not the house that I'll be
with you have your Vanessa's I don't
nothing is permanent but as right now hi
guys I'm in here no no no was generally
just like comical it has its own truth
unless are you looking for like the
local strawberry patch because there's
one nearby so that it's not complete yet
it's gonna be complete tomorrow what did
you say the main director's name last
time I came here you weren't able to ask
me that
the place is really all these so that
movie senses people oh I can't do you
like me are there those are just looking
with those eyes she's right this is
looking an example this is a little
night javi did you play video game
period every time you take a pad oh my
god I can't stop it if you have it in
your food and a movie on love or we
really like you at the time we didn't
get candy rod when you give me all this
candy popcorn one day what games you
play doh
I don't think Gears of War handle you
know these are soccer no oh you know I
thought you got your a today it was a
close one
you get daddy's book you know I don't
really get it though he is making this
one I can use every year I know but you
know the people just amuse utilizes you
need like some kind of like Call of Duty
yeah good I warn you oh yeah keep the
switch yeah oh are you giving us trouble
man you got to eat you got to start
eating you're losing so much weight if
you don't eat what am I supposed to do
buzz everybody so today started off with
dollar not eating and I called the vet
and I was like yo since today's it's not
eating they were like bringing money and
I was like we're in New Jersey we're not
there they were like well you got to
feed him anything they're like be to my
hamburger he can't be starving I'm like
I know you can't have me starvin so I
got to give him his medicines right now
hopefully get him back to health man
open the best part about being in New
Jersey is the house that I got from my
parents is right here and my brother's
house is right here so we're literally
across the street from each other makes
me wonder why I haven't been living here
all along sounds good look at the face
to face this is what was great was rib
eye you got
rib eyes which I put those on the grill
Oh
Wow
it is so good
moping c'mere
50 elusive instead of seeking 30 because
of his journey my brother keeps saying
Ethan had such a good body because he
saw where I was before this journey now
to prove it to more
let it go let it go you'll do it
what is it baby 38 ascending that didn't
lock on me right minute aunty one minute
Daniel this isn't my final okay get back
I'll take it back you'll think it has a
new one I got a surprise interview here
everybody state your name girls what's
going on today celebrating the fourth
having a great time enjoying the company
and the entertainment industry well I'll
tell you selectively you are my on
celebrating the birthday of three people
here who guys are having a good time are
you thinking we proceed go ahead okay
you get a does what's going on right now
Universal on you my name at my barbecue
is very chaotic with a beautiful cousin
yes inside of the food
no one cook there's no they ordered
everything guys do you cook a minute
because we'll do this they seen it all
our woman sat down with that true
like good good more like half like
noodles whoa not like noodles like I
can't go there king of the grill right
here
I wish that the Griffon on the trail
please heed my opinion I am a person my
friend Ken taught me everything
everything everything no but I gave him
Hogan emeriti symmetry the other review
me tell us what's going on here what's
your name's every all your details she
call me be asking shouldn't I be asking
him who Ian wrote in my brother's house
and Jessie tell us what's going on Oh
so let me just welcome speaks better um
this is Thomas home and we are having a
boy sir are you joking right now what I
just found out right now did you did
Mohammed sisters I figured when parents
are celebrating three birthday parties
today we also have a secret surprise of
something that I did but I'm not going
to give that away right now
so directing you have that same like
kind of like you know thing like your
brother speak to the camera we've got
that whole thing going on oh I make it
alright you reckon you got like
cutscenes easy going on you I deal
with a lot of stuff but your OSHA
landfill oh my god you do good in the
world a little oh okay
receive you with a camera so as you guys
know that you can be in surprise that on
stay tuned because one of those states
dramatically guys are coming over to
care where I'm trying to like them so
far but I'm gonna get everything here
but I want to show you her mind nobody
likes it okay good job everybody protect
the level of the acidity of the outline
the question is the all women really
cook or know like zoom in a good let me
yeah no I love it if you appear on move
on I just want to show for the tutors to
want to wear cute again you can have a
few more that make a little bit hello
this is the day's subject to all females
to cook I don't know I host almost
female some some posted that's good
happy happy happy
I got enough meds of course crime is
very high until Oh one for you I was at
MIT and a reminder hi
I liked anything by everyone Club
come on man you got some shoes get up we
have proper event don't we need you we
got a special guest in the house Holly G
about to join a young basketball league
with this play it's going down
talkback Rogers what's up on the court
they want to play a few basketball game
this is it right here
I'm waiting for my shows the skinny fat
assassin
they call you answer
yeah
way off
there you go watch I'll show y'all sorry
so he comes up to me and he says can you
do this thing I said what he goes like
Dwayne Johnson what do you want me to do
this watch what you want me to do again
and then you want to think what's it
called
let me do it one day when you grow up
and you get muscles you're going to be
able to do it actually get right so my
mom is finally getting over her fear of
dogs but uh speech is on you know no
fool
so good here Jay are you here in the
back oh sweet it is these are quite a
place they purify all the time we're
getting them at halftime just let you
guys know this is Tennessee right now
this is NBA regulation this is my
brother's new my new basketball court
that you guys bought in building I can't
do anything I can't you buy them
okay how you close the game told you
this is the winner team I'll really get
a both will hook this is family poker
night we don't play for money or
anything it's just kind of like bragging
rights like usually my brother has like
a WWE wrestling belt and that's what
gender you get is very serious very
serious where's the cameras a keyboard
right now so there's no money but
there's a lot at stake
correct other kind of kicker babe
where's always see you morally if you
want to come right now you gotta sell
whiskey whatever he gets in his PI over
six is you ever said wait mr. yellow jet
telephone company that has a jack i
check i check plane oh you got it yeah
booyah - higher goal I had the straight
don't you know what repeated bands all
the time Oh today just one just again oh
and never playbook right here in my life
watch the following a big blend by
yourself now me how many says is good
okay
okay like a ritual without us or no
victory victory victory august
authentically
comedy and a Latina command all filled
messes like family
Wow
all I know right now is gray maybe you
want me to stay here you I'm gonna move
here yeah forever you me good one more
two more two more
okay I'll stay here for you okay
