previously me scusi about the top some
Amanda mesh are used to so we actually
haven't spoken about it yet although I
said we were going through yesterday
this is actually the first time and I'm
just going to jump right into it so
Jessie now that I haven't faced the face
and not on Twitter or you know social
media why did you stop being my friend
and why do you not like me b-brother so
we candle a lot of you love game you
know mistake of it for you Hey
apparently you guys I'm fucking you guys
right now you guys saw me in his video
log I don't know accusing an
introduction yeah no I don't I don't
know how do you guys primers pranks on
you guys saw me he is you know channel
you guys were given major love oh yeah
and he saw that so I love you I was it's
really really do I call food using the
back of the videos I know it's not what
everybody's it's not family you know we
didn't talk about it we actually saved
it to talk about it fresh here's the
story okay rice gum okay okay I met rice
gum for the first time at mid time all
that VidCon and listen what's up to me
he says yo what's up I'm Rice gum da da
da da and I seen when he was doing
online with the roasting people and
making fun of people and rapping but he
was a terrible rapper and I was I'm
neighbours with Andy
so before I met rescue I was Andy you
should roast this youtuber and I'm like
he's a rapper bin you're way better than
you it would just work because you know
Andy's just Andy is who he is
you should roasted it would be dope so
when first game walked up to me as three
kinds to deal with Tom Russell I'm like
yo real rappers about to roast you and
he took it like kind of personal and he
was like huh and he walked away
that was my some admit under he took
that personal it is such a beautiful day
today good morning Jesse
let's do it good morning Daniela you
know there was a comment today I don't
put out there and it was genuine is that
oh my god Daniela is so beautiful oh
thanks guys I hope that starts your day
off right
yes you're beautiful too okay so here's
what's going down
God we got to get to the beach right now
but we have a boosted board on a bike so
Daniela haha other so cruising on a guy
bad ID I don't say that
and y'all your own way Daniela when I
said that maybe we should start a
Twitter beef this is before you did the
50-foot risk alright so we tweeted like
yo real right and we're suing us and you
know do another rack together Jesse yeah
these rappers are lame on YouTube yes
especially right scum and i retweeted
and Wrexham's we donated eyeballs and is
it all it's working it's working we're
starting before i stump juicy tape this
is what they came for
what does car right here though but
there's a bug later
black messes with food be alright
they're down for me
ma-kun guys did I kind of the home
especially when you slip controlling
goodbye whoa limit life though right
strong we'll work together on this will
you make it this record will make it
this record it will be fire and all the
drama chance will pick it up all right
cool also he's in town and meet with
them become silanol real guns might as
well famine no got them they cracking a
little bit then we're at full this will
make a cool this time was a really cool
a cool piece of content at an afterwards
to say that a mistake which was skip is
a cool great idea so I can't leave wait
here I'm leaving so much over tomorrow
I'm collaborating with fouseytube I was
like don't tell them what we talked
about
don't say anything keep this thing that
secret could don't you know anything
women and then you guys did the fake
punch thing on that next day I'm like
what the fuck I was taking rest from
told ya I don't know I don't know if
they told you it what great minds think
alike amigos how did that happen on my
head move easy to tell official fuck
idea I was so mad I was like you took
all the wind out you took such key from
like you can't do it now who's gonna
hate us if we do it now to make this
work baby so we let it blow over and
that's why in a record I was like they
did with whose
so they're cheesy cuz I was kind of mad
that we could you know disrespect but it
wasn't true what y'all did it was like
quick quick quick base you know it means
I got it out quick to put it up like
medians and you were bigger production
and make it long so that's why I was mad
and that's why I had a grudge against
wait I don't think that's when it
started though I think was way before
that before that yeah I think you
started life there were times on Twitter
with you and ed Bassmaster through heavy
shots there was a time where I was
dating feeling you want to heard about
it other than to though that was after
the rectum that was all
oh really yeah definitely they might
time lines messed up so you're telling
me you're right with me started Google
are two copies over I like coffee your
idea
hey roll man see how good I got out
riding electronic things now so don't
ever try to criticize my skills if you
guys went to the Roman verse receipt or
you know Roman made fun of me for
flipping his vehicles and crashing
boosted boards and all that good stuff
but we made it because that's what I'm
it's all over here Oh
Gordon Lee sorry Thank You letting us
play within I'm so happy right now we're
meeting amazing dogs amazing people
amazing vibes I want to come on Jessie a
hug right now when you do wrong so our
gunship dislike burned out because of
that
yeah so frustrated man I was so if I did
I feel that that happens but if it means
anything now I can tell you my story of
how happened and that's why I agree the
great line stick of light and that's
probably what happened earlier today you
told me about the idea that you have for
something and I was like dude right
weirdest things in right literally I
know that's wrong that's why I want you
apologizing for my hatred for that I
appreciated that that was the reason I'm
like that's like I always used to ask me
close friends of mine because it always
used to no they said what happened
between just financial what I don't know
I never know I always thought is that's
a big piece of it alright maybe maybe
there is more to it I didn't like the
way you're going about YouTube for a
minute and maybe you can agree with
something that does not going to get
into each other I devour to go that Lane
and I was all the Ducks somehow with it
and that would be understand look
there's a lot of things that I did last
year specifically last year or I'll be
the first to say I'm not proud of
this is the Adobe but you got
all right so Jenny's about to fly the
drone right now you're not supply you
drone here but he's adamant of getting
in our getaways right here you have to
boost it on the bike or get away right
there oh he's gonna be none yo yo yo we
haven't even gone to the beach at the
beach commune sane with people saying oh
can we go I just go okay I'm hiding I'll
jump in the trash I'll jump right along
oh my god well I want to take a little
momentum and when I follow you while you
change my life forever yeah yeah going
to Daniella like the box protect
yourself
oh good so she can protect me on this
journey guys she got it she got it I'm
gonna start vlogging Daniela more so you
got oh that was a clogging Daniela more
so she can be like a part of this
journey because she's a wonderful
personality and she's going to be my
partner in crime through all this so
everybody get ready to meet Daniela I
can't do it like a game where you gotta
know you're doing it wrong yes like go
like this like a circle good like it
yeah like that you guys know I'm super
self-conscious about my body I stop
towards you now but just to show you
guys how free I live in three pony
the pendants
like I got a your gear right here and I
miss him to death I'm a little you're
mine is all this cool much I'm just in
love with Georgia I got mine thank you
Ileana where you from
Chris Neil Brazil but I feel I went
there for the World Cup
Oh media speaks Portuguese to ensure the
necks of all time have a conversation
because he apparently as a king banished
on something that's beautiful yeah this
place is made friendship because of
that's amazing
so normally when you see me with a
police officer I'm in trouble for
something I'm arguing about a parking
ticket and pulled all my engine being
throughout oh man my car wasn't saying
which would you it was just wrapped and
so a cops just to think it was like fast
in the Furious
but it was just regular anyways I want
to just say hi and I appreciate you and
I like nice to meet you my name is Lisa
all right you so I'm freaking out right
now but who did you think I was oh
that's my brother you want to say a
message to him my brother will watch
this what do you want to say I know you
all I'm okay oh sorry you sir she has
nothing to say to you
I'm just a big fan I love her video
she's available you caught up with the
Roger stuff yeah try cuz I tell him you
said hi yeah okay I give him a hug for
you okay by the way it's me I'm not my
brother you knew that huh yeah okay it
was a bad line I'm not proud of a lot of
the things a lot of things I've replied
to a lot of things I've said a lot of
the videos I posted like when I posted a
huge video freeing myself of something
but in done 90% 99% of the community
like that was wrong right and that was
something but still that that for me as
a person was wrong but in terms of you
and Jesse like I didn't better my video
yesterday I was like I remember when I
met up with you at my first convention
and you said yo I know who you want I
stand girl because I looked up to you so
like the fact that somebody was supposed
to like that now like I feel bad as long
as that's why you're here when I saw
your new improvement of what you were
doing on my field I like that that's
cool and that even it's like you're like
freeing yourself up you came here and we
just quashed it then because of your new
movement and I respect your movement I
didn't respect what you're doing before
that so when you switch off you know I
know where it actually started
thank you hello I need you are you guys
nice to need you guys hello oh yeah what
up
thank you bro appreciate it I don't know
hello yeah another guy let me get up
okay
I was in a couple of movies left here
and I'm on YouTube as well yeah anybody
he's gonna pussy yet no conjecture of us
yeah I'm gonna look him up okay all
right and I'm sorry
no no problem I I don't like when he
laughing Rory I'm like I'm nobody and
almost a matter of people I just love
them I love the fact that you said that
but I'm like he's got to be somebody to
for those girls to go so why I mean
you're hot don't get me wrong I'm a 50
year old woman I can still admire a
young man bridges oh yeah we've been
that's beautiful I love that thank you
guys thank you so much you're crazy I'll
give you a thank you so much are we
going please guys I gotta take a quick
pic with your no problem with the
cigarette of course your arrow right
arrow always at the cigarette in their
mouth gosh you need to wait oh okay okay
you're coming too holy come come through
come through this y'all let's go
shopping with okay that's what you got
thank you very much okay girl found good
what's a protects what's up I knew it
Arabs my Arabs always always right
Yeah right go in the middle good wop I'm
giving the button Qatar thank you ladies
thank you so much have a good one
yeah I know you like 200 so I got I love
it to do that all dot that's amazing
huh actually thank you yeah
yeah I want you on you on you oh let me
say my work let me tell you why we're
getting you is a lot of text to okay
the first time ever like this this was a
long thing man I remember one time um
you did a live stream it was the first
time you said something negative on me
and then I went off on Twitter and then
you text without thrill at your talk to
me or something ah it was it was back
when the drones first started I think
and you when talk about me using drones
are never going to it was like so
similar yeah and then you went like on
my live stream you were like this I went
off on you on Twitter I'll admit and I
said yo Jesse you have my number come at
me like a man and I was like video isn't
oh this is going way back yes you were
this is way back that we do it from deep
deep food in there was many more times
after that where each time we would
weaken silence fix it will come up again
I realize what a hell good good man
Chile has one of you know hopefully
yours is better
did you have fun without real thought
yeah I'll have to be splash at all
only the game I think they invented and
make them like something like skips
aside oh hey Sheriff the hospitality
thanks for having us I'm glad where do
you go no no idea because mine is like a
leftover so knows right gets a little
interesting
you guys know steamed batch gave me one
hundred and nine dollars because he took
my motorcycle and my helmet and then on
an be live stream on Twitch he made a
four hundred and forty dollars so mean
Daniela now have over five hundred
dollars of our home to spend on this
journey and the live stream was like a
cheat code but we didn't ask him to do
it he just did it where we were and he
could have turned down that blessing so
me and Daniela just ate and we have to
find our own way now it's 5202
normal I'm not going to lie when I used
to eat out I didn't even look at the
bill I just put my card whatever but now
that we're budgeting it's like so this
is the first time that we have to
actually like keep in mind what we're
spending this isn't the why this isn't
the why but like I just want to address
how like normally right now we're at
Bennett I could get home easily with
uber well have to do is put two buttons
and I get take it home we take that for
advantage all the time so now I have
that really ask you are any of you guys
going back to Hollywood
dang you saw that mad at meals like okay
thank you so now I have to like talk I
would never want to talk to people so
it's just like me stepping out and me
not thinking like everything for granted
like are I something so simple so it's
like do I have the means yet but that's
not what this is about so I need you
guys going back to oh come on babe
Camden's group we want to go in their
trunk
they don't have rooms oh so I'm going to
put in the trunk and she's going to lay
down in the back it's the only way to
get home let's go
we're going to see Jose Eber couple
people in the bed yet you in the trunk
okay first of all I appreciate you guys
for being in the back and giving her the
front is very nice second of all are
y'all next again that's the only reason
they can make Mexican jokes okay because
in the next again I can't make that joke
I'm not my vlog camera I will be
vlogging in there so I know what y'all
are gonna say he didn't really do it is
he didn't really do it is I'm gonna
probably do it everything even thing
I've been really doing I'm about this
life now let's go accepting life
happiness saying yes to everything I
lose I'm a user blank you don't even
worry about me
cuddle-up no I'm good wailing hold on
all right go go Wow okay right babe
drive safe I said this music back here
is poppin
almost in here the tires are not really
injured you driving pretty fast too but
they got music back here we are good we
chillin we chillin I should do like a 24
hour in the trunk challenge driving to
live across the border or something we
should do something like that anyways I
want to take this moment to say you can
see it in my eyes man
for someone who struggled with
depression i bowler and all of the above
and has actually pride about on YouTube
for years I've never been this genuine
happy I used to not read my YouTube
commenting to not read my tweets it's
not like posting pics done once again
but you guys honestly the bunch that I
have now watching the journey have been
showering me with nothing but love and
never happy honest I found purpose I
found reasons and I found so many
blessings in so many of you so since
they really truly honestly thank you
from the bottom of my heart for giving
this journey a chance and going on it
with me and me finding my happy and
hopefully in front and your happy and
help doing something great together
I love you guys know where to party at
Holi I pissed myself that's not hot in
there I got a little turn y'all
appreciate y'all so much Tran thank you
I didn't want to be back here but yeah I
mean when I lived here like she was one
of the people who like I always wanted
to hang out with and I never hung out
with so it's like before we get out of
that lei I would hate to lose the
opportunity to like spend the night so
sleepy what a welcome here new home
