obviously now I gotta figure out where
I'm sleeping huh oh this guy's right
here whatever dude there you go
everybody and welcome to a brand new day
now for me it's currently still the same
day that you saw me at at the end of
yesterday's episode because now the
episodes are just continued there's just
like one long stream all connected
together Daniela just dropped me off
she had an uber she dropped me off here
she still had to go back home so it was
allowed but she dropped me off at baches
house King batch because I wanted to
surprise him and he's not even home it's
like it's so close I'm like now close
your head I'm just gonna
if they needed neighbors just some jazz
then come breaking in it's unlocked I
shouldn't be putting that on the vlog
that's never leaves his doors naughty
always has it back back are you serious
right now he's my friend I don't know if
I'm doing something wrong it but I
consider him like a brother not even
just a friend is this wrong of me to
like surprise him when he comes home
oh my goodness ooh
oh oh oh
gonna be the best sleepover ever
whipped cream oh my goodness oh oh I
feel so bad I'm not having an all day I
was so busy Darrin isn't he I should not
his heparins food what's gonna I need
the bathroom oh my gosh throw it out oh
hi thinking include
hello oh my god cookies
yes cookies yes cookies by his bed oh my
god money
oh I'd be like you're backsliding money
here I got you I'm gonna have some 500
people oh my god
while all my friends have huge houses
what in the world
look okay I know you're thinking what
the hell that stole my stuff why are you
breaking into your friend's house here's
the silver lining here if I wasn't doing
this adventure I wouldn't even hang out
with batch even though we're such good
friends because like if he said yo what
are you doing on a Sunday night I would
have been like I'm busy fam but I would
have been at home watching Netflix this
got me to him so not only he comes home
I would be like surprise this is good
friend oh this is my backpack Appa I
didn't take this from back to the house
Elyse bill dude I had missed cookies at
my backpack my daughter miss cookies
have them they're not batches because
these I pulled you out of interest I
won't do that anymore you're mine just
back outside which is just the wrong
shoot I'm so exhausted it's like I'm
sleepwalking I know it's 11:00
didn't hearing the dog he knows one
here's my snapchat Oh what if I shot you
what is my shot hey bro bro bro what if
I shot you for a blog vlog you will die
for a while I'm delusional and Alan
tired BAM
I like I just needed to sleep on your
couch I ate some candy - and a banana
and how to quiz your cookie you stole it
from me I know I dress that I need to
break that I went through your underwear
drawer you break up my house
yes I'm tired you're my food uh-huh you
put on my underwear yeah no I didn't put
on going through it I went through it
what I don't know man I'm the Louisa I
just did it I'm gonna ask myself these
questions in like three years I don't
know you're going through a midlife
crisis I think so yeah man just gonna
hug RDD shower I didn't come on I really
didn't you customize oh I got a shower
really what do you want to do and I was
a Coulomb here yeah can I stay here yeah
okay you want to go party I can't
I'm exhausted fam I'm exact let me just
sleep please
like all this president misra uteruses
got you for me yeah do it do i Oprah let
me just let me get some sleep just make
me some food to some water yo I've never
been speechless in my life I'm
speechless
oh no wait you're doing have a seat
we'll talk man have a seat have a seat
I'll put you on game what are you what
do you do but let me just go to sleep
first all right I'll see you in like the
morning cool I are so bad just gave me
hella underwear you'll have you warned
me oh no those are that company I don't
care but they they send me about one two
or three four while you're just going to
hate on a company that's into a box run
away well I just got all those Brewers
oh thank you baby hey zombie box let us
hear Zola you ready
what okay uh let me play Esposito
Hey
so bad just keeps on giving today he
just keeps on getting them yeah
one man's trash is another man's
treasure
please give me a box of clothes I was
like you don't care what I do with these
or not so I'm going to donate this now I
got three hats no four five hats
sweatpants all these are dope - and a
t-shirt these companies just send you
clothes like this yeah what are you
talking about I don't get sensitive or
famous to me you get all that you're
lying I don't get to anything you like
well I don't anybody's already but
Oh
yeah really about that like fouseytube
fouseytube it's 2:45 in the morning bro
I'm all the way it's time to turn up
you're really doing this for real
I thought you I thought I thought like
moon I thought when we got back he'd be
at a hotel just village that everyone
was like rice I was like wait you really
stay in here yeah I don't know what's
going on guys it's isn't a prank this is
really happy today no no no you're good
you're good no we got you we got food
you are food
we got you a you eat bagels and cream
cheese don't know these went out I know
what they did but they just came back we
just we went to the club we went out and
then we were like y'all he might be
hungry if you stay there and he's still
there yeah that's crazy yeah y'all
filming yes a little bit this is for a
king bath Instagram video yeah bro I've
been needing my followers to get a limo
at one time we gotta go
nah see right here no you can't wait a
minute look look I hate cameras he got a
tag yes he got today he's in a video
does she go to yes to get a tag
the menu and they get a to disagree but
no get out hating every okay so the
night again no not again
Jonna you gotta find another house right
now right now moving light alright so
I'm out and get a new backpack and get
some shoes
let's go you are not going the day
without shoes all right Sonia god bless
grab that yo you need to helmet yeah I
need to help fifty dollars per foot ahem
if you drop down with you something in
how much you say help is $900 probably
even more if you drop it it's no good
$900 for the helmet nine hundred I'm
this protect here life can I touch it
not until you pay such $50 $50 for the
helmet for the helmet Bronner you have
that much cash on me I know real you got
Venlo I don't know what that is on
Canadian can you got memo I know you got
memo hold on that's all you brought
don't be looking at my that's all you
got don't be looking at my stash yo you
better not be your goons coming and
coming to protect you hey there they
better not be trying to take this helmet
off me right here I'll start swinging ya
know the next threat I know they're not
strapped
I know I'm not trash let's go roll a
google walk aways good walk away so what
you guys not counting your ones and give
me the money went on let me make sure I
called in yeah okay 49 59 59 yeah cuz
you ain't done to here now you unlock
the helmet now you want some hot nice
and you want the bike right
unlock the helmet yeah you want to share
no I don't need it
sorry you want the bike yeah I'm ready
100 for the bike
honey are you crazy what I gotta 100 is
that the deal we shook on enjoy your
helmet
yo hey well here we shook on ya was
fifty fifty - fifty - yeah for the bike
for the bike right now you wanted to
helmet who was it might come first
before they help me okay give me the
helmet bag now you unlock the bike okay
I need a helmet 250 logs what are you
not getting
let's go to the ATM Oh
Oh No I'm being I have no one I gotta
help people on the streets of this money
so I'm bartering
this ain't no barter this is rape race
is a crime hmm I'll let you stay in my
house you did you did
oh how would my fee for that you didn't
charge how you know I did talking you're
in charge
you said you I've left that left damn
and you me he'd even make the bed he
even make the bed I did no I did and I
folded the blanket then the pillow and
everything oh yeah
look out my money in front of me like
I'm not an honest businessman don't be
looking at my spend how much I owe you
you've been 50 but if you want to give
me a hundred that's cool you have the
money yeah I got the money you saw me
take the money the ouvea target like you
got the money
like is a real judge deal time is oh
right my eyes my arm hairs tell the time
give me my money or $50 now you unlock
the helmet congratulation now we'll go
get your bike but one more thing I'm
just wondering you don't have to this is
a charge like you don't you don't have
to accept all right do you want the
motorcycle key
excuse me do you want the motors like
little key what do you mean do I want
the key okay so you paid me 15 you got
the helmet you paid me 50 you got the
bike do you want the key the key comes
with the price you start up a gun I need
to get to Venice right now and I don't
have any means of transportation
considering you're taking I mean the
transportation and you have a phone on
you it would be in dubious of you that
where it has no correlation to what I'm
saying to pay for my uber to get me the
Venice uber cool uber pool that's a deal
unlock my boy
did real that's real is it real a real
deal
and then to drive you just turn this
right here that's it no but that did
basically what you're doing is really
inspiring it makes me look at things a
lot differently in my life because of
what you're doing and I mean simple
things you know and it's like we all
take for granted living in that building
and living the life that we live and
doing the things we want to do and it's
pretty awesome I think it's great thank
you thank you so much she offered me her
food - that was very kind because I told
her that we made our first hundred and
nine bugs
thank you but now like he's the richest
guy on you that's the biggest lie I hate
what he's been saying that for days
where you going
I think it's been at the beach so I just
have in Venice Beach mm-hmm
and don't be in there trying to change
the destination - thanks genius I wasn't
even thinking about that if you go to
Vegas I swear to god I'm canceling my go
to the Bay Area something like the uber
pull you really a part of me is kicking
myself right now because yes I made my
first hundred and nine dollars but I
just realized because the building was
like you have to get your stuff out you
have to get your stuff out because I
already moved out I could have actually
sold the longings or done a garage sale
and made way more for this journey and
then would have been able to give back
so much more and that could have been
how we made money and now this guy got
away with my thing for 109 we're going
to make this hundred nine dollars go
such a long way in honor of Gary because
remember he said he said a hundred
dollars go so far I'm gonna make
be safe man I'm actually worried about
you that might have been the dumbest
decision I have ever made in my entire
life
I just gave king back to my motorcycle a
lot of you think what I'm doing right
now is them that was dumb
so for those of you confused match
wanted to use my motorcycle and my
building was saying I had to get it out
of there because I hadn't got rid of it
yet
so jokingly he said I'll rent it off you
and today while I was like half asleep I
said okay fifty two dollars and he took
it seriously so he's going to have it we
got one hundred and nine dollars to
utilize now on this journey so I'm
thankful for that but also remember I'm
allowed to spend my own money now to
help others so this now can go towards
me and Daniela and my transportation and
food or travel or anything of that sort
so this is the first 109 dollars going
into the team bank account the reason I
needed match to get us an uber to go to
Venice Beach was because they I'm going
to do something I've been wanting to do
for a long time if you followed my vlogs
and those of Busia actions that I wanted
to do this last year I never got around
to it I know a lot of people don't
necessarily like okay I've created a
group of people who really like me I've
created a group of people who really
don't like to think what that is
you know everybody's entitled to their
opinion but I feel like a lot of the
people who don't like me don't really
know and I don't feel like it's fair to
judge somebody by their online
personality as opposed to who they are
in person like you cannot like too
and not like my videos and the content
what I've created online look I strip
all of that away and me as a person like
behind the cameras behind everything if
you haven't met that person if you
haven't had an issue with that person
yourself I don't feel like you should
judge some
so I used to be really good friends with
Jesse Jesse from PvP I met him years ago
and I actually the first time I met him
I was shocked and I said you watch my
videos thank you so much and like I
kissed but I was so happy my one of my
idols was in front of me throughout the
years you know I climb ladders he climb
ladders and if you would ask me where
our not being friends started I have no
idea it happens from Twitter did
anything happen in real life I've been
through text I never happened in real
life and through it all I was never mad
at just you know I always wanted to be
friends with Jesse and I always like
randomly texted him to just let them
know that in Texas that yo let's squash
this so now that I'm on this journey any
person I know who doesn't like me who I
don't understand like aha I like that
I'm going to go up to them and talk to
them and I'm not saying I'm going to
persuade them to like me no I'm just
going to ask them what don't you like
about me and then talk about our
differences and see if we can see a
different light in each other and just
replace the past of hate and replace
with the future of love so Jesse I'm on
my way to right now and I hope that the
clifftop drive with you it's me newest
friend mean us brothers and me sleeping
in your house let's see how it goes
our first people are like because I
messed up I came out saying dear YouTube
on homeless like and how the that's how
people understand that tell YouTube is I
mean look at all the titles on YouTube I
know but that's not what I was trying to
say but now that's actually seeing
episodes they're messing with it they're
like I think though I think a lot of
people have been pretty warm about it
yeah people that might not like me I
don't know if you seen much I as a man
to man I apologize I've hated you on the
Internet what are you doing I just got
everybody got a camera operator you got
like six minutes one up now no up
YouTube nuts right so you know what I
have a long-term result I didn't tell I
have a lot it's awkward to the cameras
here but I got some I didn't wanna
cameras because we real people put on
the cameras but yeah I love it
yeah I just like the whole movement are
you coming in and talk to people like
that yeah I literally talk about you're
my first person who I said I wanted to
like just clear the area and I was like
I shouldn't I was like I literally said
there's no reason I there should be a
reason I don't talk to gesture no so
here's a similar interest at if we gotta
get bought and this is effing nuts are
yeah I do
Google that match gave me clothes to
give out to people so tomorrow I've been
is just like who needs it and then my
backpack loves actors how do you do it
there's just your jazz really um which
are miracle see I'm gonna get to go down
in here I'm just gonna go down and back
up here do that but I
who was it ticket industry so if you
could kind of lift over to the side
hey that is sick how fast does it go
with your pop tomorrow oh nice alright
10:57 gaming fifty twenty bucks
please be cool IRL give my twenty
summers thank you well Andy's live
streaming right now and you guys know
today we gave away my motorcycle too bad
but his viewers are tipping money to the
journey yeah that he's going to give me
that insane so thank you so much for
Andy's viewers but awesome that's 25
bucks just like that it started like
done by oh my god you I asked so I have
two nd to see the chat of his livestream
because they were Barney they were all
donating so I was like they're so nice
and then I grabbed it
oh man you know what the ones that are
actually putting money down are not the
tactic one no I feel like they're going
off right now on me if they stick the
time to Texas the north man no matter
what how are they typing to hate that
asshole like it's coming sad look at
this like 2500 people in there
I can't even keep up my I went all that
everyone donate them right over go okay
you know what I said $101 150 and $1 are
gesture I wish I could go on a journey
like them you are doing right now
he's been gone I hope this can help you
out of our house Collin and Hanna cover
yeah we got you can dollar better
dollars so I'm going back back into I'm
starting that actually you got a dollar
yes bangs in me old all backpack you too
short early having dinner they're
driving drinks and we're having a good
time Andy here's the question we got
Jesse and we got I've got another
backstory she read the comments that
people were saying about her that I
don't know III a sex kitten believable
when kids apparently my
okay okay yeah yeah
$5.00 thank you you do it sir
hey I'm not a singer in Arabic but I was
like through that surah that's the
ultimate cookie jar right there
I got your it oh good I don't have with
the cookies welcome our two chocolate I
heard uh I have been in that room
so guys me and Jesse are about what do
you want to call it talking about our
differences
scusi about the tall young man to marry
I can't be positive so we're going to do
an off-camera so are you guys so me and
Jesse are about to talk about our
differences if you've been following us
you might know that Susan Hart be the
comet throw a shot for me we made a
little both I guess
through Twitter in social media I think
the time has come to we cut it open
yeah we can now we can be men about this
and talk about this but we ask for your
guys's respect and privacy because we're
about to talk about it off camera so
just know I know you guys want to see
the juicy drama for about to talk about
it off camera and yes Rolla love
and just thought so thank you guys so
much for supporting today's episode
we'll see you tomorrow we're actually
going to eventually we're going to go to
that yeah we're going through Venice so
they care to come back there we go it's
going to be super late thank you guys so
much for all the thumbs up all the
subscribers if you're not subscribed
subscribe to this journey turn on your
notifications because it's an everyday
thing we're traveling the world I
promise we'll get out of LA today we
have a total of like 400 something
dollars thanks to Andy Stream thank you
guys so much and I'll see you tomorrow
