obviously AB like yo why won't my dad
you said Michael yes if you're talking
about that I find it ironic that the bed
that I'm sitting I haven't seen your bed
I'm so startled is Daniela I'm a
photographer here I'll clean your bed I
apologize live in it we just found a
place to sleep my good friend Bradley
Martin is letting us sleep at his house
but he called it an uber to get there so
we can attend the grand opening of his
gym tomorrow so we're super stoked
Daniela staying with me tonight and yeah
let's get the day started
it is currently 1 am and we have just
made it to Bradley's gym this is nuts
this is nuts don't act like you didn't
know is on my left look at it act like
you didn't know is on my way I don't
think you're coming here picking up oh
my god they're nuts
yeah oh my god so this is the move this
gang has anybody worked out at this
equipment on this equipment you actually
probably heard I lost 5 fold a few oh I
lost all my games and especially by
doing this I'm gonna lose everything
we're doing about food it's like I ate
like how many times we eat today
once and yesterday and no and I don't
give any more I can't oh my god this is
nice oh my god like top of the line
stuff huh yes house is super tall so
like if you were tall you oh oh no way
that is oh my god you did that huh easy
guess that oh my gosh you never asked in
life you'll never know like I've been
realizing that like today I went to my
homie shoe stores I can't get a free
pair of shoes to give to somebody
outside he said yeah
had I've been doing this I never would
ask that like it's crazy how many things
you can get a yes from if you weren't
too scared to ask unless so I could I
want cow how do I get this so what
do you been eating these people give you
yeah well I'm still I'm still trying to
sort out the money situation because in
the first video I said somebody had said
an idea in my head and they planted it
and he was like please your funds and I
was like that sounds like an idea but
then I'm like like there should like
look if I had money like today there's a
lot of people I could have helped on the
street and if I had money
I should be able to help people with my
money so I I don't know I don't know how
to change it like okay I'll make who's
making the rule myself but I'm trying
are they making the rules too though I'm
asking them for advice here's my back my
biggest actual issue on my first video I
launched it dear YouTube I'm going
homeless I saw that homeless in the
sense of I'm removing my right to a home
right I'm traveling like right I don't
have a home you're letting me stay in
your home I don't have a home to go to
that's what I remember homeless yeah so
I needed a way to add to it without
being insensitive to it so like I'm
giving a hundred thousand a charity and
I'm gonna do that but now it's just it's
confusing what I should have had a zero
YouTube I'm becoming a minimalist and
traveling the world homeless it sounds
cool not cooler I didn't it sounds I
just thought I use it in my sense not
realizing having a home you register
yeah not like homeless on the streets
with nothing yeah this is not like a use
of experience or experiment this is not
a dose of experimental foods to
experiment is the real thing I'm trying
to do it what would you call this there
besides a real thing you try to do I see
it as my way of doing a spiritual
journey yeah that's what it is
I just complicated it with all the rules
anyways congrats on this gem this is of
course though congrats on the journey
miss does a big don't think it's a
different path
so I tried the new house this nude blood
I haven't no no this is not even a I
haven't like I haven't like really seen
his life and so long and then I finally
pull up and he has a new gym new car new
house while I'm over here slumming
begging people replaces leave really
guys so we're sleeping mean Daniella are
sleeping here
Daniella do you want hardwood or do want
carpet okay she got carve it Brad's not
even sleeping here he's going to his
house his other house so this is a
receipt of everything that like people
have helped me with today and we're
going to keep tally of it and keep you
guys updated until we figure out what
we're doing with that so yes they're
being tallied up right now alright guys
I got to go to sleep what time is it
right now it is currently 219 in the
morning dollar month and I miss you so
Daniela decided to wrap this up this is
part of the blanket and turned it into a
pillow push part of the cup what did I
say I'm so tired I just spent like a
couple of I don't I'm like I don't know
how long we're reading you guys's
comments and I'm like uh you know of
course our first spokes thing on the
negative because I want to be able to
explain this to people who aren't you
know with it but then I was like you
know what we focus on the positive and
so many of you guys have so many nice
things about this and you're loving it
and you're just you're just with me on
the ride and I you know I'm so grateful
for that so thank you guys for being a
part of this journey I'm so excited to
continue you know I don't know the
answers to the questions you guys are
asking it because I'm still trying to
figure them out like I'm trying to
figure out how to get out of LA without
money so me so I love you guys and let's
have a great great great day yo so
Lauren just FaceTime me and she said you
want to go to BJ's I said what you don't
even know where I am she said yeah you
are you are Brad's house how's that
I don't know my breath out she said I
found you on fine my friend are you
there are you there you literally found
me oh no no what look right it's lit
look I love those ones like it yeah
that's not link it yo ya mean that he'll
add the sleep of our live
Oh Lois look whoever but you're all
Lorne and Alex just left I want to
address one thing before we start
today's adventure disclose these clothes
were handed to me by Brad yesterday so I
got to dry myself in the shower right
now with an old shirt which I decided to
leave in Bradley's house I like leave
everybody a blessing wherever I go and
now I brought two pairs of shoes that's
been in my backpack
and these are the ones I've been wearing
so these are going in my backpack now
and I'm going to start wearing these
just so you guys don't think where did
you get those shoes where did you get
those clothes
this guy's lying just got to admit I'm
kind of like me as concrete with you
guys as possible like when Alex and
Lauren came in and thought sleeping and
this was a blanket we used they legit
were like nah are you serious we were
like yeah we actually did it
there's an idea that I got where I might
be doing a 24 hour livestream like later
on so I can show you guys the full night
on like a streaming service or maybe
even on YouTube we'll figure it out so
you guys can be with us through the
whole journey and see that we're
actually doing this
let's go start today
sorry ya rabb grand opening for his gym
no you got the biggest dudes and all of
the world in here right now telling
those that was the night huh was I good
that was the worst sleep I've ever had
in my entire life on the floor we use
the carpet for blankets and stuff
appreciate that yeah congratulations to
Brad in the gym and yo shout out to
everybody here supporting Brad we all
hear it thank you thank you for coming
thank you okay so you guys brought me to
bj's huh
yeah home of the pizookie huh yeah y'all
know what today is
it's Friday Saturday it's Saturday okay
it's Ramadan
I'm totally fasting today guys so I want
to wish everybody who's celebrating
Ramadan this month a blessed month I
hope you're fast go easy for you guys
and I hope a blessed time for you and
yours and your family for those of you
who don't know for 30 days a month the
Muslim religion fast for Ramadan where
you don't eat you don't drink from
sunrise to sunset so you wake up early
in the morning before the Sun comes up
you get your last bit of food and then
you go the whole day fasting when the
sun goes down your lot to eat again yes
that means no gum no water no nothing
and it's there's many reasons behind it
but no gum what no water no water
nothing so yeah bless so we were sitting
here right and you guys know my
obsession for cookies this is the
world's biggest cookie now everything on
my entire life
no good tip this is for your graduation
yeah alright oh did you make a wish yet
Uniqua
yeah of course this graduation make a
wish for your future yeah
here you go oh no it's all good
I just want to join in thank you guys
for coming
finding me I find my friends if I don't
snapchat or tweet in like 30 minutes
ever 30 minutes yeah find me I find my
friends because I'm time shouting stop
chatting all the time so fine I'll find
my friends right add me on earth I have
your location at all times okay do what
Lauren did she added me all right bye
guys bye you guys
he said next time okay hello you're
doing ballet right yeah what I'll give
you a fidget spinner that I have in my
backpack if you want me to take one of
these cars right now on an adventure
I'll bring it back in like a cool three
days I can't no get in trouble again all
right I'll tell you a fidget spinning oh
good no all right hello hello how are
you yeah yeah you sir Brittany nice to
meet you you said nice to meet you what
he has eating we had to study Watson
that's very nice the offers are
Sheldon's journey that I'm on but I
can't today have you guys heard of like
a sand hill thing that's around here
yeah I don't travel out to Malibu that
much okay
I'm gonna try to hitchhike a ride oh I'm
sure in Malibu you can get a ride not
asking you guys but I guess not yeah you
can find something I do that pause
because I'm waiting for them to say oh
won't give you a ride but it never came
so I get up and say thank you Thank You
Brittany thank you have a good day so I
finally decided to hit you guys up and
ask for a ride through Twitter one of
you is coming right now to pick us up to
hang out with her and her boyfriend so
thank you guys so much none of this is
possible without you guys I told you I'm
gonna start asking you for help
so I asking you for places to stay and I
was dead serious and tonight
might be day number one so one thing me
and Daniela gotta address is the fidgets
spinners you see in my backpack right
here so Daniela had them in her backpack
she passed them on to my backpack and
these are like these are like what I
want to say like last resorts meaning if
I need somebody to do something but we
have no money on us like right now I
could be like yo Bridget spinner to do
this or fidget spinner to do that we
only got two honors but they're going to
come in handy so these are like our get
out of jail free cards because
apparently right now everybody wants
fidget spinners that's what I do I text
alerts that should apply on face on em
yo are you driving that's not good yeah
they pulled up what's up you sir nice to
meet you I was gone you so nice to meet
you so through Twitter they're here
can we jump in the adventure continues
we're currently in the for we asked them
to take us to these sand dunes in Malibu
that we found out online Google it's
like sand hills and people slide down
but look how beautiful business right
now guys
absolutely the Malibu beach right next
to us I don't want to subtract them from
driving with our lovely lovely friends
with a focus on the wrong food so we're
excited we're going so we just made it
for a destination what out here they are
officially they just go far to get us
here look at this view that they brought
us through and look at this so these are
the sand dunes we didn't bring it all
that kids trying to fly down we're going
to go up there right now we're going to
try to find cardboard and we're going to
try to slide down right let's do it
let's go you guys can't tell how steep
it is I'm like it's like like a it's a
weird like angle whoo dad C go slower
going you guys saw me push to these
shoes today bad idea because this was
supposed to be about one night persons
on the journey dang how are they doing
it so easily
what is this high blood down yet this
cardboard here so I'm about to try to go
down this hill with this cardboard whoa
whose rope what
what all the other sides that guy
probably knows on what to die doing this
oh there's rocks everywhere you I can't
get higher than this I can't I can't I
can't
I'm out of shape Oh God you know I try
to go home it might be a bad idea
probably looks cool rock rock
fired my energy is a little down but I
want to thank you too so much for
picking us up and going on and that
adventure actually making me rivalry
like this is part of a career so thank
you guys so much these are the first two
supports do anything with us they picked
us up they went to the sand dunes with
us and now they dropped us off in front
of a Starbucks and now we got to find
our next ride so my friend Gary Gary
just came up to me right he's a homeless
vet and he's got no place to stay he
doesn't have money but then I asked them
cuz mean daniela thought of a new rule
we're about to talk to you about but i
asked them where he's hungry and he said
anything but there we don't need to say
that establishment mints name i know you
want to bury them but hoping tell us
what happened because that wasn't right
and I wanted you guys to hear this went
in there yesterday with the ten dollar
bill says I want to burst they looked up
me up and down sirs can you eat that in
ten minutes otherwise his homeless being
almost crime apparently am as actually
they just told me that that I had eaten
ten minutes to get out wouldn't use that
he asked me if that was alright said
hell no that ain't all right I walked
out you know I want to call corporate so
bad
man so where have you been staying just
wherever the sprinklers don't fire up on
me in the morning you know I hate being
one with a few what can I help you with
if you needed help
what do you need right now in this
immediate time actually I don't know
couple ferger's maybe a handshake it you
know when you're homeless you don't wear
a lot
uh how about this we can get you some
burgers and then I'm gonna give you 100
bucks
just ingest that I what you kidding I
wish I could do more
right now hundred dollars just for
forget likely that I mean 50 cent for
refill on the side are you kidding me I
don't know what it does that's I'm glad
to be able to help I wish I could do
more for you and I'm actually getting a
free table of course of course of course
I care too much I'm trying like yeah
cause like I'm trying to refrain from my
spending right now on useless thing so I
at first my rule to myself was going to
be I'm not allowed to have access to
money but no now my new rule is I have
access to money if it's to help somebody
else
now I'm really glad I met you today like
honestly like on its - like everything
because like there's the string of
events that led me here like like me
doing this little thing I'm doing
I like oh just got this done
you're giving me chills you're giving me
chills goodie for seven oh yes great
order that's all you want is yeah
whatever you want
I get more for later get like food god
bless get the gyro euros are fire euro
euro get prize and like onions large
soda
lighters got a rustic slider one of each
one of these is that my parents lost it
before you even take a bike I'm going to
ask him something right now because I
have to if not I have to know what I'm
doing on my adventure so I'm just going
to get a shade to the point back then
remember when I backed up and I spoke to
her yeah I was asking her if this was a
good idea and she agreed with me um if
you wanted to like I get you like the
night in a hotel and I know you would be
leaving your family but you would be
able to like shower and take it and if
not it's I'm not even like pressuring
you on this like I'll be on my way but I
just want to know if you'd if you want
that we can make that happen for you
tonight oh my
you have no idea what that means me
willing to see what a bed I thought you
know you can sleep in a bed with a roof
of my head and actually watch one of
those really weird things that you
change channels I have people talking on
it I think because of what I keep I just
don't order any of those you got alright
a better but do you want that are you
keep me I would love that
alright the lake so much so we just ran
into these supporters right here these
friends and she straight up just asked
me she looked at Gary she asked about
the situation I told her and she just
said on her own
can I help out I said I didn't even tell
her I was helping out and I went like
this so look I just want Gary to
experiences on his own Gary I didn't
even tell her to do this I swear she
said this on our own ever I have in my
wallet goes I hope that I don't know
yeah so far thank you
so you guys just came up and they're
like we gotta be in this episode
we gotta be in this episode you guys are
in it yo yo I'm not out to t3 Jason
Maggie honey task you guys know
everything online you cash from Easter
guys which I got which I'll go we either
throw in hand for y'all you got change I
need that it will check your pocket
uncheck it let me take your file it's
not weird you got a problem I forgot
about Gary you need a bone I got your
phone whose changes are the same god
bless you guys then how about going I
love you too
today I just I can't even explain so
Lord she comes up to me I thought we got
in trouble for something cuz she was
like I'm Daniels mom and I was like
what did I do excuse my langrage bleep
and then she just had nothing but kind
words to say we talked she gave great
insight she likes what we were doing but
I'm leaving I'm getting in the car she
stops to talk to Gary so she literally
up-to-date cuz I've been posting on my
socials all day about what's going on
and she said there's a possibility that
he can get a job with their business and
my mind I'm just here like how is this
all happening today and like like
literally like none other like I'm like
documenting what's happening like this
universe is putting it together so what
did you say to her in our turn
I told I'd be more than a few you
kidding me
assuming you up the damn street we're
going to take him to the place to sleep
tonight and hopefully we can get this
going so we just got the Best Western
I've driven out the Travelodge the Best
Western and they were sold out and
they're sold out tomorrow night to
excuse the holiday that's too bad Gary
nice to meet you
oh he knew I was joking so you didn't
even test my like integrity as a man you
know I was joking let's go find a new
place ready okay you're gonna like this
come on in yeah a bit this is a row
there you go
I'm gonna get the lights for you you got
soap here you got you got everything all
in the day's work all in the day thank
you thank you man looking so crazy thing
about this and I want to say it so they
here too
I didn't come up to you I can book for
you I didn't come up to you I didn't
intend to even meet I didn't I'm your
I've no idea yeah yeah well I'm saying
like cause normally like it's just the
fact that this happened how it happened
I didn't come up to you and like you
know say hey do you need anything you
came up and asked us what we were doing
it's not that camera that's expensive
I'm just this whole day man I'm just I'm
bleep I Maga so I'm just so happy and
I'm just grateful that I got to do this
and I I wish I knew something more that
I could do but I don't want to I did
that there was a time I tried to help a
friend of mine named Bill I feel like I
put much of my shoulders because I
wanted to like change his life from the
ground up and I were and I ended up
messing up the opportunities over
not necessarily arbitrary you've
actually given me an opportunity
actually gave the breaks off from it and
and not always have my guard up and not
always being yeah and just relax in on a
dolly I'm standing idly with this you
enjoy family it's going to friends and
family they will not stir for the week
but now this oh yeah poofy pad hey we're
up today so you got the Trump pack look
that is you guys what else we got / -
you got the foodtag you got a beard I'm
have to tax you for that and this one
we're good
I get a blue chip my brother they're not
you know it to be us I have no idea
who's word it's just weird a house whole
day if I keep about it's a person truly
initiative recently now I gotta figure
out where honestly well this guy's right
here whatever the video manage guys my
son today thank you guys so much support
you guys have been showering in episodes
with I jump intimate arm as though not
move to here and I didn't know what else
to say I don't look this is exactly and
it's like creating himself and not love
you guys have been showing me to all
social media the amount of love you have
been invited me to your home like I
thought that youtubers were going to be
like you know mostly comes to decompose
me and so funny have but the real love
has been from you guys you guys have
invited me into your home you've found
me on the street and offer me money
offered me food offered me shelter
everything I can't thank you enough I
would not be able to help Gary if it
wasn't for your guidance before and I
let him know that where my blessing to
come from so I dropped asleep yet
tonight
life is so beautiful I'm feeling so
great right now and thank you for those
who believe in this whatever this is and
are a part of this journey I'm sure
we're going to figure out the name of it
and what this is that we're going to do
something so big together in the coming
years
just you watch
