so me and rice just kicked it for I
think a couple of hours and then I
realized I'm like hold on I gotta be
vlogging this anyways he's brushing his
teeth rattling siren oh but he's part
even more tired so he's been walking
around all day so now it's good I'm full
of life and I'm not actually awake but
here's what's crazy
I don't a toothbrush yeah what sir oh
yeah legally let me show you that you
bum you shared
no I'm cool I know you're not that white
and white
I was just joking around whoa lastly
scooting down your feminine we'll leave
it all right bro doing all right don't
be texting me out like four in the
morning again
all right and won't ask that sort of a
doughnut don't ask me for relationship
advice no more all right I won't grow
but this is naturally I don't know where
your mouth a bit continues away at night
and calm yeah guys I forgot it today one
of our missions was to find a toothbrush
I totally forgot to pack my toothbrush I
must feel it to brush it like like doing
the morning water this has already been
a crazy start to the day
thank you so much for letting me come
from the night you're the first person
with how I came to man I really and and
you gave me a place to sleep thank you
so much bro
whoa not enough I have a big bed over
there
I see that it's really nice so kind of a
company is it Russia has dull bright
don't be plugging in my vlog what
want to accidentally cuddle you at night
bro see why you said I could spend the
night yeah on there bro are you serious
you're like that's why you put the
blanket thing got you a blanket and the
phone charger and go let me just call no
I don't want to accidentally cuddle with
you man
I just crap why I'm sorry all right
all right I understand I thought you see
I thought our friendship was here I
didn't know it was here you feel me you
feel me I just want to go all right bruh
bet I can Oprah see y'all tomorrow when
you did go sleep over there why are you
in my bed thing good this is morning why
is my bed it's a new day of new vibes
right I'm not ready yet
come on come on it's a new day new vibes
good morning everybody just look up rice
when you get into his bed and cuddle
with us I don't have to know it there
yeah you did don't lie don't lie to kick
it right come here
you wanna shower with me so with you
yeah not really
but look how big your shower is with the
both fit we'll save water
honestly saving water Southside there
you go right get in
I love fires up okay I'll meet you in
there oh my god look at this shower guys
living like you know when you would all
hotel and like you're so happy because
they have such a big like shower and
you're like oh it's like luxury that's
all right to live it every day isn't it
every single day on the ground in can
grab for us I hope you know how blessed
you are
I really am blessed shot everyone yo so
we're starting the day it's themed room
we've got you got me healthy because
we're costly eating drink alcohol
smoking
alright through or about the room so
I'll probably this database it is to let
out all the backspin seniority jump to
there yet and sweat it all out to start
to take it even thought your
neighborhood seems always well you
always did I stay healthy okay so you
want to pop it with me yeah yeah I'll
meet you in there hold myself but like
what I would like gimmick like big
houses and the one thing that hold money
until I'm older and it seeming in my
house really now I'm doing this whole
thing which is against that attack you
okay I'll help all the bad sweat you
know things to acknowledge resort yeah
good okay I don't know what that is I
should we hop in here now so you guys
know Odie missing dollar and muffin
right now so at the house right now
homie was your name yeah Travis nice to
meet you you sir
he has a Yorkie named Braxton racks in
what's up man what you run your builder
career it's crazy to see another Yorkie
especially how similar they are like he
with yeah he would put his hands up just
like this he wants to get to his owner
right now is hella cute
Braxton evenly my nose like dollar does
that's amazing Eagle reacting where you
going that's wrong way to get your daddy
went up
oh it's cute bigger thing Braxton do
your thing
unfortunately I have to come back to my
apartment one more time ricin bird me
here because I had to officially turn in
my teas and I want you to tell them I
close out my leaves right that's it I
don't have access to the building
anymore no more
my god see everything that's it I have
my bag I turned in my keys that's it
do I do I owe any money I do 117 dollars
and I'm officially done with this
apartment I'm not to go I'm about to go
travel we're going around the world
I keep like I haven't even left my
perimeter and I keep coming back here so
I have to turn into my tea so I can just
stop like ever having to come back to
the building I love the building
I love the building but everybody knows
I just want to travel right now so I
love you guys thank you guys so much and
now I'm about to go explore the world
about the money
um so righteous ooh burn me to blue jam
cafe I haven't eaten since Aaron fed me
yesterday yes in the morning but I've
been so excited and happy I don't even
noticed it if you got me on breakfast
what bro I risk all the goobers you
slept up my house use my towel
but whatever you give me I'm giving back
to charity I'm calculating it I swear
I'll you can take the receipt yo you
just did me like this right yeah would
you give I got some Argentine steak I
want to know what this is i'ma try well
I appreciate this course
hey Tosh get my life
contraband everyday you and I keep in
the night tonight again
look can I spend the night again tonight
you could you got my back anytime I did
you a lot
you have a two nights in a row though
you don't got me oh I don't need you but
I don't need you bro I don't need your
fries
it's fine this is so crazy but had I not
been on this journey right now I would
have demolished all of this move right
now because I'm not like at home no
feeling the need to over eat I'm going
to package this up I'll need one of
those messenger to somebody outside
because right left nice almost let
somebody know what your food is going to
live because I would be about right now
but you've left me so now I have a
chance to let somebody flow Thank You
rice with a blue Ezreal clothes bro and
now I'm about to pass it on absolutely
so I'm about to give it to someone right
now I'm not going to report it right now
but here's what I want to tell you guys
I have a snapchat that's going live 24/7
while I'm on this journey right said
yeah these people are gonna know me I
know you didn't say Busey
yeah I kept our dollar oh yeah it's
gonna be a run on Joe guys me as being a
dollar for random people perfect he just
asked me if I had change so yesterday
somebody gave me $10 and I bought a
Gatorade and I had extra so I'm gonna
give that to you because the world goes
around like somebody gave me something's
on fast it's you what's your name
my name is Rick Brett what is it right
sorry here re X ready
how long you been out here you stay
right there oh you live over there okay
you're in the house okay
I love CPP's but God bless them here I
think I haven't this is all I got
wrecked from
you and God bless thank you have a go on
so my money is back to zero it's going
to circulate like that if somebody gives
me money I pass it on I'm gonna gives me
food I pass it on
it's like it's gonna make the world go
around spreading loves right Ivan is aa
you guys going to understand if I wasn't
doing this right now I'd be in my house
I'd be in my house by myself just
sulking and now I'm outside this is a
win for me this is a win accepting life
I need to stop talking let's get back to
the punch so I'm watching below to
Franco's video and as he was explaining
what was going on and like goofy
attitudes of the night I looked at rice
and I was like he's about to destroy me
and I haven't even heard it slow
response Cabral when I heard you know
why would I let a stranger stay in my
house like ah anyways no matter what he
says I love you fill up um like that's
really what I'm trying to do through all
theirs release everything from the path
and yeah still all love and thank you
for even taking the time out of your day
to give me a response indirectly or
directly or not so thank you all right
me and rice are a cool kick so my homey
actually
owns the boy let's go Manhattan right
now yeah yeah what I would okay okay
nice to meet you is that what's up nice
can you do yo yo yo yo yo
how you doing dang man you're doing it
man congratulation so are you doing I'm
good
you see what I'm doing on YouTube yeah
yeah a mess with the cause of it so
earlier I was talking on where I sit
there and I said I was going to go and
try to get a pair of shoes for myself
like nah nah nah I'm good I have these
I'm straight if you give me a pair shoes
right now nobody like me a pair of shoes
I'll put that way they getting pushed
shoes towards the charity that we're
going to choose we're going to this
together and I'll go out on the scooter
and I'll get them to give a pair of
shoes I'm going up down you down still
down easy
the adulterer Bruce don't know that okay
that looks great I mean that's what
that's like what I'm wearing wrap don't
even know what are these nmd okay let's
do it
we're going to go give them to random
random person we see first person we see
I thought you're working hard I wanted
to give you a free pair of shoes to the
side 10
you want to thank you so you're working
hard god bless thank you I'm going oh I
love that man season giving back and
everywhere really appreciate that cool
kicks on Melrose thank you so much thank
you yeah there was just everyone's off
foot by the camera Princeton and active
it like okay so gay I'm kind of like
throughout this whole thing give back as
much as I can new in different ways so
if you think of ways come at them down
below price believe in didn't work bro
you know how many hours you spend with
me like 16 or so and you're done
I'm tired I'm kidding I'm kidding yo I
love you thank you for that thank you
very thank you
done rest so I just came to my favorite
barbershop that I always used to go to
mark you guys remember mark yeah
they have a couch here and it when a man
wears here what's up and he just said
like wait so how do you do stuff and I
told them on the book I just came to the
barbershop there's water right here
actually we have a good idea technically
game no I have water on the couch I want
to get out of La I just don't know how
to do that yet making up the rules as I
go having fun loving life thanks for
being with me cheers Cheers to a blessed
positive happy lifestyle all right you
got somebody right now I do yeah I can't
explain it in there yo what's up with a
hungry like what there was a free beer
trim damn all good a lot of you asked
how I'm gonna charge the water bill in
LA right now so he's still very easy
like I'm charging it right here so
wherever I go just like that
but again I'm still in LA give me ideas
why should I get out of my lane so then
yellow has now joined the journey for
the day with my back god she's all in by
the way not yet but she's going to be
all in on this adventure right now we
just realized we accidentally deleted
all the footage at Rice's house for when
we first got there that you guys haven't
you might have not seen in his vlog
we're trying to recover it right now so
we last it ah it was bogus all right
here we go Aaron just dropped it off to
the Grove and now mean Daniela I found
out where we're going but we have no
idea how to get things
h-honey they're doing so here we go huh
I can't drive you you know that's not
cheating what that's too easy that's
easy okay we'll find our way all right
we got to go far we know our next
destination we got to go far to get
there I was gone
what kind of do for you to buy me some
candy right now what can I do for you to
buy me some candy right now from that
store because you have grubbing on that
candy right now yeah good I want candy
when look at this look as he was making
the candy look so good oh thank you
thank you nice to meet you nice to meet
you good yeah good thank you
let me ask you all crazy questions you
guys all come in one car yeah all of you
guys Danny okay nevermind yeah so where
you guys headed right now well we're
just ready to shoot chicks all you're
waiting for cheesecake and then where
you going after that what do you guys
live staying in our mine
what oh you're excited while you're
doing that
yeah we're trying to adventure you Logan
but yeah yeah and we slept that rise
gums and now we're trying to get to the
valley I'll show you the yeah so we're
coming for you huh over for you Oh
actually do that she has to confirm the
rule tonight over for him yes or no no
yeah okay yes guys are we better way to
the valley
I had to confirm the rules because I
don't know if this was a lot so I first
I started off by saying dear YouTube I'm
going homeless but it wasn't in the
sense of homeless like I it was instant
sort of news for me to say that I just
meant I'm giving up my home I'm going
outside giving up my items everything
that I own and I just put the backpack
on me I'm gonna go travel with nothing
on me
I didn't think I didn't think it through
too much and I was like with no access
to my money with no anything and I just
have to create an adventure through the
world and I said no matter what money
people give me I have to double and give
to charity so like he just did the uber
so the price of that will now go towards
the charity
what is it super cool whatever the price
is
doesn't matter what is going to all day
I have been going around la looking for
you
oh man four days ago oh man what I love
working with you ah Eric over but I've
been searching on it for you I walk
everywhere don't acknowledge four days
ago to be to come to LA the coma
YouTube has 3000 subscribers and I
believe all of which acts like you do
and all the other thing I'm going to
meet you
and what the other power to change my
life
okay so that couple from goddess and
uber and we were in an uber pool so the
person got out at UCLA
so me and Daniela looked at each other
and we're like you want to go to UCLA so
we're here we're gonna go into the dorms
on the door opens we're gonna go to a
random floor and knock on the door and
hang out with as many people as we can
in their room who's about to be lit
let's go oh we didn't show you how we
got in did you get it or no okay
somebody's open the door she's like
you're you two brother yes now when
you're doing all right here we go oh my
God we're gonna be like do you know it
when I even say I don't know why I'm at
a college campus
what am I here I'm not I don't want to
ask for bleep but I want to like I want
to take hang out it's a reminisce on my
college days
they're gonna call security so what if
it's a bunch of girls and it's me with
camera Oh what should I say
hello hi how are you good um I think you
noticed that can I record this enough
what is it I'm a youtuber and I'm unlike
and a wild adventure right now okay and
I'm travelling like I trying to travel
the world with nothing on me okay and no
destination so we got a no random we
were pool that somebody got us and we
ended up at UCLA and I we're here okay
so I just want to spread love and say hi
hi nice to meet you how are you good how
are you good how scholars going it's
great
oh come kick it with us and we're in
I'll go for you guys up to
you said later you're about to do some
hood rat activities on camera which
YouTube will be monetize my videos for
not ask you though before we come do you
have water water boom let's go man
question 8 what did you say - lots of
money what's the special we got is
everyone's gone boy visitor huh
don't wait the food comment yeah how she
want you to tell experiences but get a
full pizza for a girl look at Sami food
right now no no no
why not because she was we're about to
go up to theirs and I just want to do
that Intel like that's too much to even
thank you though appreciate it
I appreciate it we're good we're good
yeah yeah for sure
goodbye papa we we don't have any idea
ourselves i we're on vacation too and
that's what's going on oh my god we out
here we snuck into UCLA
you promised me water okay we're sick we
do not require I guess that is gonna
character guys I just asked forgetting
like this
yeah I got you longer breath come on I
were I like saying that already would we
get I sold in he's like one of those
characters you meet Harold and Kumar
because he just goes on wild adventures
look how much water you clip I'm teasing
man I'm using your how I appreciate your
hospitality in the millions person I'm
drinking more Thursday AB like yo why
won't my dad
