what up everybody welcome to the
official day one of our adventure
together
it is currently 154 in the morning
Thursday May 25th we are about to spend
our first night together outside
yesterday today basically I stumbled
upon Logan's bus I hit him up I asked
him if I can spend the night inside and
he said yes so what did I do
I ran all the way home I grabbed my
friend Aaron and I said yo let's spend
the night in a bus we're gonna die not
looking to buy all right come in this is
surprised you haven't seen you it the
ball bed from your house so the balls
that are being used in this bus ball pit
was the ball pit balls that were being
used and airing the ball pit you know
what can you hold this yeah
what about somebody in here from the
Crypt you ever done in the kid yes Joe
is gonna be sponsor boy oh you know
sometimes in life you have to get in the
ball pit that's inside your friends bus
and just reflect on life if you play
great in the process it usually helps
you you have to be usually helps a black
coffee really oh they just reflect you
have the best berry with a shot at all
times
see that's good that's good you know
last year on tour a lot of you asked me
where I thought I'd be at this point in
my life I think I probably said like
marry two kids seven movies all that
good stuff
well actually I'm gonna ball pit and my
friends will enjoy life you can't go get
a hotel room like a normal human being
that diseases that defeats the whole
purpose of what I'm doing nobody said
for you to sleep it off
like what wrong did you do this just for
you guys no my friends think of me the
same way you guys do they don't try to
encourage this behavior trust me no one
encourages me and Milton you got an
optional it's exactly what's going on we
limit we live in life out here
I just don't know into the proper place
bro
oh no on the truck oh right having a
problem oh no Aaron stop trying to
cuddle bruh no area yeah
what are you doing
Oh first word what what what you swear
to God
right leg oh shit I swear to God I saw
me bro are you kidding no you're lying
right now there's nothing under there
you crazy no all right you go check it
out I'm gonna check it out this is lying
soon I'm Mufasa
all right I love water with water I can
see it not funny
my name I think she made it your first
night I legit yeah but my shoes
hold up
is one Hey oh did you sleep yeah did you
say oh my goodness I feel disgusting
oh my head oh there I go how far they
have and do this and do that all my
goodness I didn't scare you last night
with that kid coming up to the window I
don't know his name is bud it's way too
early
ah Oh how'd you get over how'd you know
you can do it ah oh good job child your
first night go yo I mean I think the
scariest thing was waking up right now
because I was like holy crap what am i
doing I was the first slide insulin head
like what am i doing right now like
there's no like like what are you doing
right now
so I know it's a birthday I'm still
waiting to hear what you guys suggest
about like eating and traveling and all
that but until then Aaron decided to get
me breakfast good morning it was funny
me and Aaron always get each other foods
like whenever we go places like killing
it at one time market at one place but
this time some I couldn't it felt
different that you were getting your
formula you know that I'm really are
doing that way well I like normally I
have the option to say and I'm like you
know you can pay but now if I don't and
you just pay I feel wrong no we're
friends so it's okay thinking is oh I
already look beat it still day one I
told myself I wouldn't come back here
but I'm back at Alex and Aaron's but
I'll explain why in a second hey what's
up what time is it oh my gosh what are
you that we've been do it um I I haven't
I haven't been doing much what I just I
haven't can I can I use your shower no
boy so let's be homeless okay I'm not
gonna be the one that makes you fall boy
how is it making me fall this is my
first day I need a shower
right feel like a partner link why no I
know I use the word okay I messed up in
my launch yeah I do you - I'm homeless
I'm a homeless in the sense of I don't
have a home to call my own so I have to
like couch serve I have to go okay home
blast that hopeless
yes I'm not going to homeless like look
I'm over never I'm not comparing myself
to a homeless person on the street no I
just want my home I just did them I just
want to I just want to adventure I want
to push myself out of my comfort zone
normally I was right now I would have to
hit up a different youtuber to say can I
shower don't have to wave reach do it
yet tonight I'll ask somebody if I can
sleep at their houses give me the first
night but for now can I use
oops our we're off look I accepted what
time is it it's 639 I'll use your shower
a shower I'll put the fresh clothes on
I'll leave right away and we'll look at
the time that I leave I'll be fast
no got it
let's go guys I got a shower and then I
don't know what you two were to hit up
yet if you have any suggestions let me
know okay I really don't know who to hit
okay so the reason I don't want to hit
up like Aaron and Alex like to sleep
that these guys are like a guaranteed
yet it's too easy so I wanted to go for
somebody who I'd have to step out of the
comfort zone for so I got to pick out
somebody who I'm not really really
really really what oh no and I'm Yours
Alex I'm not supposed to be here what
are you doing here I got a shower
so I use your bathroom and um I think it
she is raining what the scary you get
back okay naked in your bedroom ain't it
Kyle just get in and cuddle you think
you stink Alex this is like a girls
bathroom girls like to leave all this
stuff out like their makeup and stuff
and they clean it up when they're done
they don't leave it there come on man
exactly look I was waiting for you to
say that I know I can complain a lot
even supposed to be here Alex I don't
have a toothbrush can I use yours what
about your towel and all the towel which
one purple or blue okay
wait why blue and not purple formula you
sure you don't use it for the floors or
your butt or something right there can
you boom just got done just showered
Lauren here Lauren Kyte's on the night
at your house
well eventually yeah so Lauren said I
can't hit her up enough I don't have any
other place to stay anyways I have to
leave Billy one time where you're super
screwed over true doesn't mean like
stadiums of safety yeah she's might get
out of jail free card ballot I talked
about how like I have inventory I can't
put this in my inventory so I'm gonna
leave it with you okay okay so for your
inventory but I got to take something
I'm gonna take the easy yeah look cool
I'm just getting I don't want this
letter okay I mean I'm gonna as I go on
as I wear stuff I'm gonna get like less
and less yeah keep that yeah in your
pants there you go okay hey oh one more
all right it's seven thirteen I took a
little more time that I would like but
I'm putting my shoes on and getting the
hell out of here
let's go on today's adventure okay thank
God you came hey hey hey god bless you
thank you Anna five four city cool why
three three salmon puffs hisses
listening
we love you hey how are you nothing just
being a standard god bless all right
guys we're officially starting right now
I'm not scared no more
I needed yesterday you know sleeping in
the bus I needed today being closed
today we're actually leaving the
perimeters I want to introduce the woman
who's going to be with me through this
whole journey Daniella
well she's crazier than me so she's
gonna she's gonna tell me step out my
boxing we're gonna have fun let's go
yo you know what that's hitchhike
let's do it let's do it I don't know
where we're going though it's just ask
somebody where they're going and ask if
we can go oh that was fun I do that
all right like all right we're gonna I
don't know if I should walk up to
somebody in their car ready or if I
should like somebody on the side of the
road guys we're going to hitchhike we're
going to start this adventure can you
please pull over pull over in front of
that car you know these people drove all
new like you so if we love you and I was
like can you pull over we're about to
ask them for a ride this is part of the
adventure
what great was that man yeah huh what do
you guys up to
happy birthday how old are you what do
you want to do we're going back home we
kept dinner can we come with you no good
ass yeah no can we you only to talk to
my dad but that's house Canyon so I'll
let you do okay
let's do it it's not okay I'm on an
adventure right now I have to do what
life takes me I'm down here live at the
valley
that's fine we'll find a way back upon
our bag
I swear right now you can say no but I'm
just asking
no prank no prank I don't do that I
don't do that no trained judge my card
okay let's go so we are currently in the
car we literally just met these
beautiful people thank you guys so much
this is husband and wife it's her
birthday
there's so kind of them and then we're
driving they're like you just really
want to go in this oh we got the point
we're like all right job is off
somewhere so they're going to drop us
off off of in a random area and then
we're going to jump in another car and
continue the adventure Wow where do we
end up we're doing the I don't know the
answer right what do you give ask me my
hat yeah we have to customize I got no
money though you got me oh I'm gonna
talk to my buffers but now we'll put you
all right okay let me know let me know I
got money
I'll get I wasn't no huh all right then
that was a hard no all right I got you I
got you
my goal right now before finding a place
to stay is to find somebody to buy me
Starbuck
it's a picture for a coffee
god bless you guys then have it going
who can I have who can I have I just
want a coffee man what can I do I know
in exchange for a coffee worker what can
I do what do you anything you want me to
do an exchange for it for you to get me
a hive coffee bye y'all and I covered
but that's it your necklace
huh I don't know I don't know if I have
that in me how about I just buy y'all
I'll take that thank you and we go fart
baby taking a venti iced coffee with
sugar-free vanilla
thanks to this gentleman I hear I think
you got so much fun ha ha you guys are
wonderful thank you it was actually cool
we are hang out with a partner an
equation on the journey now so the
dealer you're recording with the
respiratory is it huh he whispered
Romans better posing with we were
pictures
I'm just doing this thing where whatever
like I don't have a place like I'm just
traveling right now yeah so again I
asked you guys to see what you were
doing to see if I wanted to tag along
like we've got here cuz we hitchhiked
with somebody yeah so it's just random
stuff so just asking right yeah
ss I'm going to take her I was going so
I haven't eaten but I'm gonna be good
with this because I'm not asking
somebody to get me food if like food
ends up in my life like if it just
happens it's gonna happen but I'm not
going to go ask somebody to bottom you
know where your friends from Philippines
are from the Philip and we can tell my
love oh that's awesome
they're from the Philip yours we're
traveling from the Philippines all my
best friends are Philippines and yeah
well wait wait wait I got a scholarship
yes yeah I'm doing it where you got
going on oh no way just to get my pad
are y'all driving or uber okay can I
jump in you're over cuz I'm traveling
around the world and that's nothing
I don't got I'm just doing it like
alright thank you wait it's not any how
many people right now Philippines
no I haven't okay yo everybody in the
Philippines oh no I don't want to go
with those girls let's just go oh oh
yeah you look better
y'all going though where y'all going
whatever you whatever you want to see us
no cuz I don't my game is I have to go
wherever people take me
you know I was walking and he just open
the door and said free churro see I said
if what did I say I said a food cup I
have no money right now
and I was like a food comes my way oh my
god I got a gerald once intro goes I'm
sure all right
Charl exit row Sheryl truck I promise
I'm gonna give it to the guy who tried
to sell me a yoke to it Curro Curro oh
one long I got you god bless oh cool I
have it going I'm like what glimmer man
when I work out with that much bigger
when I'm your big I appreciate your
appreciate you so they're about to take
us but their car only fits five people
one two three four five there's seven of
us and they said we'll fit the Mexican
way by the way I asked them if they're
all Mexican they said yeah so I put that
out there that's all my Mexican
supporters I love you all so much
yeah we're about to fit in the car and
see where we're going all right we're
back to square one and as I'm walking by
he said yo pussy I love what you're
doing and I was just having a long talk
with her because like I'm parched ran
out I don't have water can't get like a
dollar I go buy your water right now
yelling its dollar guys
I feel bad Raskin and that's what I was
telling an old aloof
no no no keep it Morelle oh thank you
man
appreciate it appreciate it appreciate
it appreciate it yo so I decided what
I'm going to do because I didn't know
how to handle this money situation right
and I'm not gonna lie guys I was talking
to Daniella and I was like this is
idiotic there's no way I can survive and
yeah I tried to I don't want to say the
word it out you know but then I manned
up I went instead of quitting I was like
yo do you have money
you know like my I put my ego a size
that you have money he gave me money so
now that he gave me $10 I want to keep a
counter on the bottom of any time I get
money or somebody buys me something we
tally that and then I double that into
charity each month that I do this each
week that I do this give a short of here
so I have to keep giving so each week
that I do this whatever money I get I'm
going to double the charity and if I
have extra money anybody I see on the
street I'm going to help aid them that's
what I'm going to do so yeah you know
once I was traveling and this guy told
me this phrase and since then it's been
on my brain and instead travelling it
leaves you speechless but it turns you
into a storyteller oh I love it
I just told Wang but that somebody gave
me my first $10 now no wannabe no no
might not be very special debugger you
can we use when you go to my country oh
that beautiful is our kini in tourism
okay I'm gonna tell how much is this
okay in real life you may be able to buy
a car or actually water in a gun with it
saw Ali thank you usually a mutant
Superdog
you're blocking your adventure thank you
so much I'm gonna adding this to the
total love you either love you mark okay
so these guys just came up with all this
food right here and you know they got it
for me I did not ask for it they just
want to be nice well thank you guys so
much we're going to do
um we're in like Los Angeles like right
here there we can find somebody to give
the food to so let's go together and
give him the food and yeah I don't need
a fix to it but thank you guys so cool
I'm good let's bring it off it will give
it to him too but thank you so much
let's go give it all the experience of
giving it to someone just give it and go
okay no I mean I won't even ask that you
want this is doctor food and you'll go
because you're doing this like out of
not even with ego you're just doing it
for yourself so just do that alright
guys just got here
