good job muffin but I threw it for
dollar it loved it
alright you know what so there's my last
day in this apartment like I said the
furniture isn't mine so I'm free to pick
up and go I packed the backpack of all
the stuff that I need but I think I
actually over packed and this is
literally everything that I'm going to
own with me on this journey one thing I
want to say before I do leave that I
learned you know through living on my
own for about five years I don't even
remember is it's not how big your house
is it's not how much stuff you have in
your house it's the amount of love you
have in your house that makes it a home
so you can have the biggest house with
the biggest pool with the most you know
cool things ever but if you don't have
real love in that household it's going
to feel empty so I didn't really utilize
this to its full potential because I
stayed by myself so much so hopefully
now each house that I go into I can just
accept the love that each one has to
offer so I definitely think I over
packed because here's what happens guys
when you're giving away stuff when you
used to live a certain kind of lifestyle
and now you're trying to live a complete
different lifestyle a lot of you is not
going to want to let go of your items
and I let go of a lot trust me but when
I'm packing for a I don't know how long
be I don't know where I'm going I don't
know how I'm getting there like I don't
know where my destination is I I pack so
we're going to go over what I packed
right now and ask ourselves if it's
logical to take or not separately that
much this could be like for a year
that's not that much right all right so
of course I have to take
this dollar want to come let's go let's
go in
Austin you want to join in you want to
join let's go all I need is you to and
I'm good to go
I can comfy where's ollie you want to go
we're going solid nah we can take you
like that you can't do that to you Muffy
sorry for my toiletries you know my Bo
train is just so I don't become a
nuisance for people in public so this is
justified because I feel like regardless
I need to take my toiletries but I don't
think you need to go in first
I think that's the hardest part so
here's my underwear logically how many
pairs of underwear do I need all right
so I'm going with 5 pairs of underwear
and I know that's ready a lot but hey
who knows how long they're going to last
who knows how many I'm going to need I
was thinking one pairs of jeans like
this is it it's my only pairs of jeans
it's really the only jeans I have left
one pair I'm not good at this stuff guys
I'm not good at packing I'm not good at
deciding what I need like why do I need
these diaper looking shorts right here I
probably won't need them but I was
thinking if I'm sleeping over at some of
these house I can put this on on their
couch you know kind of like when you
have a sleepover and you change into
your PJs and this is if the night really
gets risky I could put the short shorts
on you tell me they go up to like right
here now here's a question how many
pairs of spandex does a man actually
need because I was thinking that somehow
some way I can work out through this so
there's 1 2 3 another pair of underwear
that I don't need for dang another pair
of underwear that's 5 pairs of spandex
oh I need that I don't see that that's
test that's the old me not wanting to
let it go I'm gonna let you go so it's
not even heavier I literally have
nothing
here so far literally two pairs of socks
plus the ones that I'm wearing right now
that might be an issue and now I think
we're I over packed the most was here 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 shirts that's too much
that's way too much okay how many more
can I keep so there we go
that's a huge difference than what I had
at first like I said I don't know how to
pack so I'm just going to roll this here
and then toiletries so right there Bo oh
my medicine I need this every night I'm
going to try to wean off of my medicine
but I take every night through this
journey but for now I need this with me
come in you almost hit dollar you own
Tim hi huh about to start
oh there's much a liar you don't think
I'm gonna laugh I know it you don't need
I think you're gonna laugh no I talked
to Aryan and he said as a friend he
doesn't think that I'm actually gonna
pull through but he wants me to oh my
god I hope you do you can't you can't
put guesses on my livelihood this isn't
a game is longer this isn't the Hunger
Game one week look this I feel like my
bags too big but oh it looks like fishel
like if you saw me you're driving and
then you see me other side of the road
like this
yeah huh and no matter good there's no
rule here what do you think is this too
big you think so that's true so I'm just
going to be sweating smelly all the time
so you're loud and confused when I made
the announcement obviously there were so
many different ways that I could do it
and I didn't want my intentions to be
like like I had to figure out how to say
it right so I said I have no access to
my money at all because the whole point
was you know to go out and live and
explore without money yeah but let's say
smoothy says hey you can stay on my
house how the hell do I get to Susie's
house but making them pay for me hi
everybody
cheating though because then like you're
like you're like my sugar daddy
and I need like I was thinking here's
what I was thinking at first let's say
I'll expense six dollars and 40 cents on
me at McDonald's I double that six
dollars and 40 cents as well as
everything else throughout my whole
duration and I double it to charity but
I'm already giving a lot to charity on
top of that but I don't know if that's
good enough incentive I just don't know
how to be like yo other than like going
to have to like literally hitchhike to
get to Susie's house or finding money
you're away I just don't know how to go
about money yet what what do I do
I don't know in high school I had a
friend that used to watch my house 10
miles every day okay I'm gonna go walk
on the 10 highway right now Susie I'll
be there in 2018 I'm gonna do like Monty
Python holy grill I'll be there losing
you never seen lumpy Bertha
oh okay look look
when you're playing like Skyrim right
yeah and you pick up too much inventory
you have to let go of your inventory as
of right now I'm 50 out of 50 inventory
full I can't take a motorcycle I mean a
scooter I can't take this good I can't
I'm inventory full right now if you guys
have any suggestions as to how I should
handle this money situation in terms of
traveling ubers getting some places
leave it in the comments section tweet
me because this is a growing work in
progress and you guys are at the start
of it so we will figure it out let me
know your suggestions in the comment
section below so Aaron just thought of
his suggestion and things that I should
be allowed my motorcycle so in
minimalism if you can justify why you're
taking something it's justified so he's
saying to counteract all of the how do I
get here what do I do about travel what
I do about this is this if I take mean
my motorcycle on my backpack on the open
road and just like this so instead of
like this I'll be like this now coming
smoothly then I can go anywhere then
even if my friend sess come to the Bay
Area I can drive to the Bay Area on my
motorcycle oh asshole yeah again you
didn't worry I've begun to San Diego all
right let me know what you guys think I
just kicked up B I'm sorry let me know
what you guys think if I should be as
you can see guys I'm stressed and I'm
trying to make this all work out because
I'm like I have to leave this apartment
today so I'm like you know stressing let
me know if I should be allowed to take
my motorcycle because I still haven't
sold my other one and I still haven't
found a place for my car yet so let me
know leave everything's ready to go I
can literally just grab my backpack
right now and walk out but there's one
thing I have to do so I thought about
this long and hard and this was reason
it took me so long to announce it
because I didn't know what to do and
even in the Edit yesterday the original
edit said that I wasn't going to be
taking dollar our muffin and
new edit it said I was going to be
taking dollar a muffin but I thought
about it I thought about it I slept on
the end just look at that I'm not going
to put them through what I'm about to go
to new baby I'm not I'm not daddy is
going on a little vacation no he was
going on a vacation daddy's going on a
journey okay so you guys are going on
vacation they have this babysitter
she has dogs herself and that's how you
feel that's really how you feel daughter
it's our last day together that's how
you feel come here so they have this
babysitter that they go to it's their
favorite favorite favorite favorite
favorite babysitter it's like vacation
for them so they're just going to be
going there for a little bit of time I
will have 24/7 access to them if I want
it I will have picture updates I will
have video updates it's just like when I
go on tour this is just a different kind
of vacation and knowing like right now
as I start the journey I can't even take
care of myself I'm not going to put them
through that and I'm not going to make
this as big dramatic thing like oh my
god nothing I'm leaving you because it's
just like when I go on tour or go on a
small vacation they go to their
babysitter's house so that's what's
happening now so dollar come here I got
to say bye okay you're excited I know
I'm open I love you what's funny is
these are like my service dogs because I
do use them to help out my emotions when
I'm feeling sad she comes and sleeps on
my chest when I need kisses he licks my
nose and they know that so that's going
to be the toughest part of this but I'm
sure I will visit them often who knows
how long this is going to last but watch
this
I love doing this you want to go on an
adventure let's go let's go let's go
let's go before you're gonna have time
to think about where we're going is that
what's inside inside
well never go go you can do it if you
don't want to go move-in dollar wants to
go we're just going on a little car ride
here babies at our house see I'm not
going to turn this into a sappy moment
I'm not going to be sad about it like
they're going to have fun on this trip
and it's the right thing to do in this
moment so that's what I decided to do a
dollar and muffin it's crazy that I used
to think all this space wasn't enough
for one person one person in two teacup
puppies like I had all these areas
filled with just different like
different electronics I had like so many
pairs of shoes here in here in this
bedroom right here I legit
i legit had a treadmill like I bought a
treadmill had a treadmill here how to
pull-up bar machine I had dumbbells look
there's two bathrooms here two massive
closets I just don't get it I don't get
why I thought I needed that much space I
can't show you my bedroom because
there's no more lights in there but man
the craziest part of me having such a
big home is why I used to live in the
Bay Area when I was a child it was me my
brother and my other brother and my
sister and we shared a tiny room like
you guys have seen my house in Fremont
it was like the size of this bathroom
but we had bunk beds in it so I lived
like in a very tight space and I loved
it it was like my home when I go back to
it now and I say how small it is I'm
like we got live being here so it's like
it's crazy to look back and see where
you've come and now I'm coming from this
white less all over again
it's like is this the sleep it's like
not even like a comforter sleeping bag
yo I'm like legit like d'Alene and like
lagging right now because I'm literally
minutes out from leaving oh my god I
have no idea what I'm doing
this happens I fear for I'm going I miss
ya I'm laughing cuz I'm like delirious
because earlier today guys okay so so
excited I pulled an all-nighter and then
it was time to post video so standing
right here I posted the video I'm
listening to music I'm vibing and then
it hit me what I just did you know a lot
of times I do things and the thought of
it is more enticing than actually you
know actually doing it but this time I
did I had a panic attack I started
tripping out also what did I just do how
could you just do that you're gonna like
be your crept up all inside me and I was
like you know what if you're this gear
and you must be doing something right I
haven't been that scared since I used to
pass girls notes in sixth grade and hope
the teacher doesn't catch me I don't
step into fear that much anymore because
I live in my comfort what do I want to
do right now
go to Alice's house and play rocket
League and eat food that makes me feel
comfort but right now I'm going to do
something completely different I have no
idea where this journey is going to take
us I'm talking to you
in present time for when we watch this
and however long this lasts this is the
craziest thing I've ever done in my
entire life
I have no idea where it's going to take
us but wherever it is I'm sure it's
exactly what we're supposed to be let's
go oh here's the keys to my apartment
this is me delaying right now are we
doing it I'm so scared ah you want to go
bud
look what fear does I haven't even done
anything yet yet
trip in haven't even done no time to
walk the walk and not just talking to
topic because you guys know I talk a lot
in my blogs but sometimes I just don't
stop talking I just keep talking even
now I'm still talking
well if you follow the North Star you
find shelter
so my navigation is correct it should be
coconut up here I'll get us some
coconuts for survival I'll be back so
we're not going to have Daniella every
single day to make it you know this kind
of vlog which I love but she is going to
be joining this journey with us soon so
I will be going to the starting tomorrow
I can't go in there coz I got no money
I'm interested to see how I'm going to
come about money out here start selling
plants start selling motivation i go to
i go to the promenade and sell
motivation i'll give you the best 30
seconds of wisdom of your life yeah i
don't know i realize i haven't even left
the vicinity of where i live i'm still
too scared cuz i don't know where i'm
going yet
today wasn't supposed to be day one so I
just jumped out and I did it
I feel so free right now but I don't
know exactly what to do a lot of you are
wondering why I'm doing this and what
I'm trying to get out of this and what's
the point
yo I'm living life if I wasn't doing
this right now I know exactly what I'd
be doing exactly same thing I've been
doing every night I don't want to do
that anymore I want to live I want to
breathe I want to fly I want to explore
you know what speaking of explore I just
saw something let's go well he just said
that it's okay well he said a lot of
other things and explicit ofthe and
excitin it but he said it good to go so
thank you Logan
oh my goodness
oh my god hey guys thank you so much for
watching day zero of my new adventure
tomorrow is day one and I would have
spent my first night outside hope to see
you then Wow
