to my fellow youtubers I know you can
relate when I say this is take number 47
now before you scroll through the
comments to see what it is I'm talking
about please give me like a couple of
minutes and hear me out
so I started YouTube in 2011 at the time
I was living in my mom and dad and I was
going to college at San Jose State
University I made a promise with my mom
that if I graduated I can take my
youtube career to Los Angeles I focused
on my studies I graduated and with my
mom's blessings I moved to LA now you
guys have seen my life in LA been there
with me through thick and thin and I
cannot thank you enough you've also seen
me on a search for something I never
knew what it was but I always justified
it and other things so I thought I
wasn't happy so what did I do I went out
and bought a car wasn't happy bottomed
motorcycle wasn't happy about another
motorcycle spot watches bought shoes
bok-bok-bok moral of that story
I was buying any and everything to try
to fill the hole that was inside me what
started happening everything that I got
in life wasn't good enough because my
mind instantly wanted more it wasn't
that the car wasn't good it's that I
wanted a better one it wasn't that the
drone that I had wasn't good if I just
wanted a better one I was living in the
biggest and most expensive condo in my
whole building in Los Angeles downtown
Hollywood and it still wasn't big enough
for me it even started affecting my
relationships because even if I had the
perfect girl in front of me who I liked
and liked me my mind was creating a
better version of her one that didn't
even exist you see the problem wasn't
what I had in my life what I was getting
the problem was my attitude towards my
life and what I was getting I wasn't
grateful can I kept searching for
something and all these items weren't
fulfilling me I was listing something
far deeper than materialistic items I
was missing love self-love self-respect
self-worth everything that I needed as a
person was missing you see my numbers
were growing my bank account was growing
my career was growing my friendship
seemed growing but I wasn't growing you
see as I was packing to move to a new
place in LA I held up each item and I
asked myself if I needed it if it
benefited me as a person if it made me
happier as a person nine out of ten
times the answer was no but I still
wanted to take it with me but as it kept
happening I stopped and I said hold up
fitness and if you happier why do you
need it you haven't even used
this stuffing over two years why do you
need to take it so I stopped and I said
you know what I don't need to take it
and I'm not going to take it I'm
actually getting rid of it all I'm
getting rid of all my clothes and
donating it I'm getting rid of my car my
motorcycle I'm getting rid of my
electronics I'm getting rid of all my
workout equipment everything the only
thing I'm keeping one bag with my
essentials my toothbrushes my deodorant
my extra change of underwear I'm going
to have the clothes that I have on me
and my puppy I've lived in LA for years
yet I've still isolated myself in my
apartment every day you know there was a
time where I live next door
to Lily aka superwoman and I didn't even
go knock on her door because I was so
scared and isolated in my apartment
there was a time where I live next to
rudy mancuso in Logan Paul but never
knocked on their door never asked him to
hang out never asked them to collab
because I was always so scared if I move
to another apartment right now I'm going
to be the same scared timid person and
not allow myself a chance to grow but
what am i doing I'm pushing myself out
of my comfort zone I'm putting myself on
the street with nothing to my name and
I'm going to live life day by day where
I'm going to get money I have no idea
I'm freezing all my money but before I
do that I'm going in a 100 thousand
dollars to charity Tracy that we are
going to decide on together through this
journey there's going to be a lot more
opportunities for us to collectively get
to charity but for now I am making the
first contribution of one hundred
thousand dollars to a charity of our
choice I'm going to go on the search for
happiness a worldwide search each day I
have to have a new adventure outside I
don't have a home to go to each day I
have to hit up a new person and ask them
to hang out and go on an adventure with
them each night I have to hit up a
fellow youtuber and ask them if I can
spend the night someone I'm not even
close with like I can see myself right
now calling philip defranco who me and
him haven't had the best pass and
explain to him my story and asked him if
i can spend the night and to spend that
night talking to him getting to know him
as a person not as fouseytube with the
gold chains and the watches and this and
that no just used it as I am and all I
have to offer for him and return is love
and appreciation and I'm going to try to
do that every single night so if any
youtubers are watching this right now if
you would welcome me into your house
please tweet me please
hit me up please let me know if there
are any youtubers that you guys want me
to hit up and ask them to spend the
night please comment it down below and
also hit them up and say hey who she's
looking for a place to stay can he stay
with you I don't know where this journey
is going to take me I want to travel
around the world with nothing but the
backpack that I'm going to have and my
blog camera I want to go to Spain I want
to go to the Philippines I want to go to
Egypt I want to go to Dubai I want to go
to France I want to go to India I want
to go all over the world with just
myself and here's the craziest part of
it all I know youtubers have busy
schedules and I know youtubers aren't
always going to be able to house me and
I know some nights I am gonna have to
sleep out on the streets I will have a
sleeping bag with me but if ever I reach
out to you guys through Twitter yes you
guys watching this right now spending
the night at your house is part of this
journey so I can't only stay with my
friends and people I know I will be
reaching out to you guys and going to
your homes if you'd allow it having
dinner with you and your family telling
my story listening to your stories
having a memorable night with your
families and myself through this I hope
to be full of love and full of
appreciation and full of happiness and
full of life I hope to let go of my past
forget about the future and just enjoy
my present moment I'm hoping to live
every single second of my life that way
if you'd like to follow me on this
journey please give this video a big
thumbs up press subscribe and get ready
for the craziest experience of my entire
life if you guys have any suggestions of
rules that I should add to this or
things that I should do please comment
them down below because all suggestions
especially opportunities for charity are
open right now
whatup filmin I love you too thank you
have a goin god bless see if this
happened on a night where I actually
started aka tomorrow I would say hey I
spend the night with you my whole point
of this is to adventure each day is
going to be a brand new adventure
something new I'm going to try to do the
most fun things possible and I'm going
to live life and the most important
thing of all I have to say yes to any
and everything now if somebody asked me
to go salsa I have to say yeah if
somebody asked me to take a road trip
with them
to say yeah I have to stop saying no one
turning down opportunity and start
saying yes to life I love you guys have
no idea whose house I'm going to ask to
sleep at tomorrow and that's how this is
going to go I love you guys are you with
me
