but no why would you give him a second
chance you literally cheat on you two
days ago okay he's going to cheat on you
again I'll come see you okay just don't
worry we'll have a fun night just
continue you went to confession hold on
I'll come and cheer you up up oh I am so
sorry it's okay it's my fault my head
you have a second I go and I kind of I
put my friend's house to see just just
one second hey let me call you back
sorry let me call you back okay I'll be
there uses I guess I just needed to I
was on my way to coffee if you wanted to
join I can't look I'll even let you pay
oh that sounds so tempting really no I'm
joking look at that like okay uh we can
talk about it as you come with me or as
Pompey
you gotta go like feels like ah that's
how you gotta come prepared so nice
meeting you
here I'm going to try and get to know me
more something what did you have in mind
I'm kind of hungry so you bump into me
you ask me to coffee I didn't bump into
you and I didn't ask you to go to
Starbucks perfectly bump into me all
right yeah you did I acted i all Boileau
think I know what you were doing it is
just a coincidence there are no
coincidences in life the universe does
what it wants to do okay well the
universe is how many years I'm eating
your chicken oh I tell you something I
like you
Thanks
no I'm serious
I like you I don't even know you what
you're getting to know me you are so
straightforward it's ridiculous
why am I not gonna say it I mean I you
went with a random guy to Starbucks you
know a random guy 10Â° you're not gonna
say any time you don't like me too
I mean I know kind of into you a little
bit very very little
why why do I keep him feel like that are
you looking at me like that I don't know
in like movies like Twilight he gave her
this stare and she like fell in love is
it working no maybe a little
no why would you give him a second
chance
he literally cheat on you two days ago
he's gonna cheat on you again I'll come
see you okay just don't worry I'm going
to come over bring some wine some cheese
and gravy maybe job brews you Nazi bit
of a soul no I'm
