what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube I'm here at company with my
best friend Alex wasabi so my parents
are visiting me right now in Los Angeles
alex is going to knock on my door and as
a nice friend that he is tell me that he
begged Brown you for me I'm going to
take the brownies inside and for it my
specifically you're going to do happens
but they're gonna think that these
brownies are laced and we're going to
see if the placebo effect on my
traditional parents is real let's find
out raaah it's perfect yeah I got I got
some brownies for you honey
yeah why'd you get me Brown you because
you told me to go Hank
okay guys is going down footprints in
there right now
alex has brought me the goodies you want
to come in with me oh wow sausage
ability Brown you also talked with this
yesterday what do you mean may I start
not happening I thought thank you soon
that you look great when we deserve this
yeah well uh you want one I'll have one
too yes nothing she said is it safe to
eat only was she inferring to here so
thank you outlet for bringing over these
delicious delicious delicious cookies
and you know what I'll have on myself
they're good right mmm
they are oh how are you guys doing good
good good day yeah are you calm relaxed
yeah 20:05 yo hey they love your
brownies um the demolish did ahh
oh I like to tell my suspect our agency
deserted arrest on 50 no I in mind the
Bronx coca-cola buddy I did it five
minutes okay oh yeah I gotta tell you
hey what coming right here just play
right here a 1 a 1 a 1 each one is made
for TV wait children are occasional yeah
we're animals
we're totally you gotta come see what's
wrong
you said what happened mama would never
do anything to purposely hurt you or
anything there was something in the
brownies Jennison
he was Jonathan in the box where's
Angelus animal what's the speed look
neck poison not poison you're gonna live
his life is gonna get very freaky right
now why okay you put your cash machine
what's your I should Shinya he put weed
hey how could you I'm sorry I didn't
know he thought I needed it I didn't ask
you to he I thought they were regular
brownie that's why I fed y'all never
feed you if I thought they were
different why would you give up
sometimes something that we wouldn't we
wouldn't eat why would you do there he's
doing okay I'm okay what happened I'm
still okay what's gonna happen to me now
life isn't gonna get very scary in the
next like 30 seconds what happened
everything you guys see things
shut up the ended up
anymore how did you know because it's
funny I told you and my head is kicking
on yours kicking now nothing happened to
me how come you have to come out with me
ah longer than me I'm stronger than you
Bobby you're feeling it are you seeing
stuff yeah
could she get there you'll do how could
you see a fatty that was open this glad
you liked it
have you ever done it when you were
younger one time one does you are you
sweating so much
yeah yeah oh no your mom never never had
a dress to impress your friends why
would I eat something I don't see the
eat dessert mom or your Simon what your
face is doing like blue no way so I'm
currently back into the apartment so my
parents I'm giving them time to settle
in with it right now because they have
no idea what to expect oh I think my dad
does yeah how it's going to go in there
right now and tell my mom how to fix
this or tortoise in freak route I'm
gonna try I don't know anything about
this song three girls zero you just I
don't know where they're gonna be at now
so just go with it okay
remember you heightened everything my
mom's not even Matt that's why I'm
trivia news that is having the top of
the body escape oh god I brought him hey
I brought her mama oh no you're laying
down are you okay Alex what did you do
to me I'm supposed to be your auntie
right I like what you do this I gave you
I thought I told him I always told him
but we heard of a whole bunch
look at me I'm gonna look
you know or you know I don't is your
right are you a G nothing cheap up disco
my dad's lovin it
mama are you feeling we're in the head
you buy me it is not funny I mean a lot
of laughing but mothers enjoying you
cannabis masala golly
so my mom what's gonna happen to her as
long as you're not eat cheese in you we
are you itching no I'm not it's you but
I'm just asking tired and dizzy I think
your dad don't leave before you know Bob
Dylan is so good what are you feeling
legal in California I want to go okay
please but we never had anything like
this you know even an illustrator what
what did I feel like I'm flying over the
song
something else to tell you oh my hey
Connect has been over eight months oh my
god you're done
it's right over eight none and they're
wearing awesome I'm feeling normal
Oh what mama you don't get it he doesn't
get it yet there's nothing in it
what kind of Julian placebo you imagined
love you guys so much give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoy press some bug's
to people write games in the comment
section below don't forget to subscribe
see you next time
watch this with your pairings raah
