what up you beautiful souls so like I
said recently I went through something
very hard in my life but luckily I had
really really really good people around
me and I learned that no matter what you
go through if you have love to give then
you always have something to give so
although I was down in the dumps I was
able to accept the love of the friends
around me and accept the love that I
wanted to feel inside myself and give it
to those around me and I feel great I
talked to my good friend DOM a lot
during what I was going through and he
gave me solid advice every day finally
he said yo I need you out my house
Thursday 10:00 p.m. no questions no
expectations just come I know the tricks
and I know he thinks big so I knew he
was going to do something for a video
for what he did nobody has ever done in
my life before and no disrespect to any
of my other friends but this is such a
gift that I don't even know how to put
it into words it's not a gift that costs
money it's not a gift that requires you
to do something that others can't it was
a gift full of love sincere love and
honesty and wanting to help me and be
there for a friend he didn't want to
post this video himself because he said
you know what I did this for you so
deitrick DOM and all my other friends
who I have around me in my life right
now
I love you guys so much I thank you guys
so much and literally words money
nothing could ever repay what you guys
mean to me to everybody else watching
this video I hope that if you need a
friend you watch what d-trix did for me
and you take something from this video
because it's truly truly truly beautiful
I love you all I hope you all love
yourselves and I hope you give love to
those around you brass
dear you sir I had a few questions to
ask you sincerely uses were you recently
loved were you with the person your
dream that goes in your heart from day
and they're hooked here where Hatewatch
fun well looks like your heart music
help what you say heart need a friend
daddy's labor oh I apologize I said do
you blame her can I hold you something
my room my day was great I knew she
would leave to go at flames before so
don't even start
that's what we get for falling apart oh
I feel it wasn't just you it could have
been dickless Bob or blue maybe we hear
a little bit more whatever it is because
we're come stable will it's real it'll
up to find it quick before it gets too
late and return to fix a name in that
speed broad I sit I see it rough no what
do I sit yeah maybe some mana to get
really bad and rifle beating below if
you oh yeah I go there to be fun
absorbers told me laughing quietly yeah
he does and horn looks your shoes right
there that's it nigga cheese he'll give
you is making happen park jie-won taking
rap so why are you fighting will you
only listen to you
yeah
are you in love with yourself are you
the person of your dreams are you ready
to make your heart delay this are you
ready
this magic moment back family
you two back fairly odd due to bad
family bad family know everybody why we
are the best family fun
