what up everybody so little over thirty
three days ago you guys saw me embark on
this adventure that I've started to call
project butterfly for the first time in
a really long time
I was outside of my comfort zone every
single day and in those 33 days I got to
meet people I never thought I'd meet I
got to rekindle old friendships I got to
help out more people than I've helped
out in a long time and I've actually
experienced the quality version of life
that I haven't experienced in years so
far it's been a great great great
success and it couldn't have been a
success that it was that your guys would
support and encouragement throughout it
all so for that thank you the journey
will continue very very very soon I'm
currently nursing my pup dollar back to
health you guys saw when he got sick and
now he's doing better I'm getting him
back on a home routine where he's
comfortable again eating again and just
not stressed out all the time the new
adventure starts next Monday and I'm so
excited for you guys to see what's in
store I also have a giant gigantic
announcement that I will be making on
this channel this week so stay tuned for
that until we get there we get to all of
the new videos I want to recap and show
you guys some of the best moments in the
last 33 days just to remind you guys
show you guys and get you guys back up
to date on everything that happened
thank you so much for all your support
please give this video big thumbs up if
you hear rocking with us and you're
going to rock with us for the second
part of this adventure and again I just
can't thank you guys enough see you
later
so my fellow youtubers I'm getting rid
of all my clothes and donating it I'm
getting rid of my car my motorcycles the
only thing I'm keeping one bag with my
essentials so there's my last day in
this apartment here's my underwear
logically how many pairs of underwear do
I need time to walk the walk I'm not
just talking to talk yo
I'm living life but he said it's good to
go
so thank you Logan my head oh there we
go far they haven't do this and do that
oh my goodness
I don't know where we're going though
let's just ask somebody where they're
going and ask if we can go guys we're
going to hitchhike we're going to start
this adventure so we are currently in
the car we literally just met these
beautiful people thank you guys so much
what can I do what do you anything you
want me to do in exchange for for you to
get me a hype coffee we just go sleep
over there who are in the over pool so
the person got out at UCLA so mean
Daniella look at each other and we're
like you want to go to UCLA somebody's
over the door she's like your youtuber
yeah now in your dorm all right here we
go
c'mon c'mon Papa so daniela decided to
wrap this up and turn it into a pillow
Alex and Lauren came in and bought
sleeping and this was a blanket we used
they legit were like nah are you serious
we were like yeah we actually mini can
we jump in the adventure continues - my
friend Gary Gary just came up to me
right he's a homeless vet homeless being
almost crime
apparently damn she said there's a
possibility that he can get a job with
their business and my mind I'm just here
like how is this all happening today
thank you thank you man oh there's food
still honey what if I got you Susie do
you really do this for real
you got the money yeah I got the money
you saw me take the money via target
like you got the money that might have
been the dumbest decision I have ever
made in my entire life a hundred fifty
and $1.00 are gestures I won't ever go
on a journey like them and you are doing
right now keep it going
I hope this can help you out we have a
boosted board and a bike so Daniela
guys night rider's at home especially
with youth of controlling the bike
Camden's group we want on their trunk
alright no no wow okay right place
so he says just horsing right daniela
you heard it we got two heroes more
often I got no problem you want to
cuddle before we go downstairs he was
right there last time I know where he'll
be okay I'm gonna go check there let up
how you doing
I'm sitting on I'm just a homeless guy
and they say I know if people want to
take pictures with me
so Yusef on you know texting back and
forth and I felt like you know what you
are my brother's guardian angel yeah so
if you guys don't know he thinks he's
getting basketball so I draw this on the
air go to play um who do you thinks
gonna win $500 really with your paper on
paper
like how'd you get here oh we need a
place to stay last night who let you in
here thank you still a virgin
hi
I thought you were in there
no with the help what are you doing
just one thing for you you help me start
YouTube on March 25th 2011 you long in
my first camera in laptop blah blah you
guys did today you know I told you I
quit YouTube earlier this year you were
so scared what I'm going to do I came
back ahead of that like right now
they're stuck in 10 million the biggest
play il duce okay so much the bottom of
my heart I love you guys and I thank you
so much be part of this journey with me
put it in my order then because I'm
getting kinda get 15 pieces is that too
much well then I make the world a
happier place I I got I got her I got
more I got more once I give this out
it's all I got
all right here on and on and on and on I
don't I got you I got you can did you
get water
oh my gosh I got not only did I give
away all the money for the journey like
to give to people either way all armen
like throughout all this so we literally
in fact here are back to zero
literally hey what's up with some Ursula
what uh-oh
baby boy you're out here hi Sean Paul to
have a good time
actually that one yeah happy birthday to
you it's been yellows birthday and now I
got the cameras in my face oh it's good
it was good
what's up guys oh there's the man
himself
hey dotted up two are gonna come
together hey y'all get it hey oh my god
you're one of the best actors I've ever
seen in my entire life
I got last play please be safe like very
safe maybe just a baby
communication the city's chickens over
there okay these two oh I'm going back
I'm leaving bye
the men you see behind me are
hardworking men they work they make a
living but they just might not have the
resources or the funds to be able to
help themselves out during months like
ramadan somali it's really a community
effort that really gets together to put
all this and give back to the people I
just want to see your faith that's all I
want to see is boosie's face once you
hit that dude
Oh
was also a man yo fun fact I've never
seen a horse up close like this in my
life
but that has this new rule when you're
not allowed to fly with your electronics
or your camera then I needed my camera
so we decided to ship ourselves in this
box instead oh you ready for this
there's just a box sitting on this lawn
foofie foofie
you're severe jack how's it going there
you guys have room for one more
cowboy hey you like little be my only
pants and I don't the first friend of
every life has been pregnant it's just
like ah I got it's time to get your Ohio
on
come come out they'll almost everybody
we're at the Easton soccer field
pictures are great quality time together
is even better so let's just chill I
just want to thank you Y for washing my
car it looks amazing drop in loser gets
shot with Romans roman candle remember
this episode Mayweather murmurs McGregor
is good vs McGregor is going down I'll
try to get tickets to the fight and
we'll do it for the episode
muffin is super upset right now like she
has been down the whole time she's dying
she's looking for dollar she just might
happy right now
this journey I think no did it what I
feel like what forty minute this would
be my room if I didn't start this
journey like I would be here and now
we're out of your own project
butterflies this is ten and a half right
here conch Kayne issues there you go if
I had if I could do whatever you guys
wanted me to do right now what would you
need I didn't want it cries today I
didn't you got excited you got excited
but we're gonna help you out he's going
to tell you all about it guys we got a
rush dollar to the hospital because he's
getting extremely sick right now I think
it's worse than before
one hundred percent is it shouldn't it
is normal should I be stressing should I
be chilling cuz I really do hold on
where you going
are you being serious I'm being 100%
serious what do you mean I've been
fucking up everything since we go back
to LA do this and everybody knows it I
understand dollar deals that dollar
stick it's necessarily bad just right
now just let me be by myself and what
are we going to do continue
sorry yeah you guys seeing Yusef
anywhere excuse me anybody seen Yusef I
between you to pass by here now you have
to really shiny head you can't miss it
hey morning what a project butterfly oh
you want to keep living first okay to
adolescence
everybody wanted you to get better and
you're better now currently right here
let's see where we end up actually I'll
just tell you guys so right now to start
off season to me and the crew and dollar
and muffins are headed to
