there are many faces of depression
sometimes even the brightest of smiles
are hiding the biggest amounts of pain
you see when you're going through
depression being sad becomes being
comfortable and the comfortable 'ti of
sadness becomes easier to live with than
the discomfort it would take to choose
happiness use the program talk given is
that it's like over a week now what are
you into life simply man what is the
problem what do you mean what's not a
problem like are you just going to sit
here and be negative this whole time
like when you're going to actually get
out of bed and do some of your life I
don't I've been trying this if you try
to come here give you some positive
energy then you just make it about
yourself
well me me me all the time you're being
super selfish with it and it's just I
get anxiety just coming here knowing
what a day with you is gonna be like
anyway you're starting to do you're
starting to bring that down too
all your friends are gone that's the
truth all your friends forgotten you
only have us two left and I look at
everything you have in life bro just
everything you have everything that
anybody can ever dream up you have the
money the cars the same and you're sad
about what there are people outside your
apartment doing way worse off than you
and they're more happy they choose to be
happy do it just suck it up and get out
of bed choose to be happy it's a simple
choice do depressions a choice you just
snap out it is always about yourself
from it's never like about
you know what I think it is I think it's
always an act let's really get down to
the root I think it's whole things in
Act I think you're just trying to make
my own fans do what everyone said you
love the attention so much that they're
saying when it comes to this you're just
faking it faking it faking it I think I
pick my suicidal thoughts that I've been
having since I was 18 you don't think
that I realized that your life would be
better without me in there bringing it
down you don't think I get mad at
neglecting my mother my sister my father
my brothers every single day when they
kind of call me to see how I'm doing
just about feeling sad and sorry for
myself
how many people have lost our life from
making it if I could fix this our faces
immediately but I can
because something might have tells me
that I can no matter how hard I try and
if you think this is me giving up no
this to me is because I'm still here
every single day I fight every single
day to try to be happy to try to prove
to myself that I am happy that I deserve
to be happy
that I deserve to feel loved just
because you don't understand what I'm
going through doesn't mean that when I'm
alone it wasn't real just because I get
explained you just you're like that
makes me feel what I feel every single
day when I wake up does it mean that
what I feel isn't real sorry my mind is
the way that it is if your life
nice
hey you said hey man I just give us a
call on your cell out of it I don't know
they were doing everything we do you
don't think I'll actually do something
to himself do you
during my last thoughts of depression
luckily I had amazing friends by my side
who said the right thing now it's not
about saying the right things or knowing
what to say
it's not about understanding how the
person feels but it's about having
empathy for them and trying to
understand and trying to be there for
them right now in your lives there might
be somebody around you like the biggest
smile on their face but deep inside
they're going through something tough
and they just don't know how to ask them
for help so if you take anything away
from this video we child see how your
friends are doing see how your
co-workers are doing yeah your family is
doing and if you feel like somebody
needs you to vent to to talk to to just
be there for them in silence be that
person because they need you more than
you know I know I needed them more than
things so I love you
Oh
