Oh to the best family on YouTube hello
that's how I start all my videos without
wake you up though in the morning I'm
inspired I would devil wake me up cool I
would go with what the fuck is that and
then I would I would start hitting a
button on on my laptop and then I was
series you and I but oh okay it's time
it's vlog top there you go there you go
see then go I got the morning 5:00 a.m.
I'm sorry that happens at 5:00 5:00 a.m.
every morning okay that daily dose of
inspiration
yeah yeah you know what i'ma jump in the
pool and I'm a swim I'm in your pool so
you go good morning good morning so I'm
here haha
I am here with one of the if not the
hardest working men in Hollywood right
now Kevin Hart how are you and we are
going to do the try not to laugh
challenge okay so basically my team put
this video together I press play and you
try not to laugh but you can commentate
on it as well do they get to see what
they do laugh at the videos gonna be
right here and they're gonna get to
watch what we're watching okay okay I
got it
alright I got it yeah so they know
exactly what we're looking at why does
the video have to be up here uh what do
you wanted to be I would much prefer the
video was was right here that's not
gonna work that's gonna cover you
that'll cover your body you want we want
you to show put the vo back up here it's
gonna be exactly it's gonna be right
here really great videos gonna be right
here so you'll know exactly what we're
watching right okay your ass gonna be
great they press spacebar
I came yet into the front yard and the
dogs were closed today and as soon as
they saw me they came bounding over
okay okay have you ever done that as a
kid
ah friend John Fox 5 Morning News starts
I'll go to the dancing starts right okay
this is like Coachella not us that drugs
that's like drugs you ever go to
Coachella no yeah yes look I feel like
her parents might say that and she just
take that bus up what oh you got a legis
why are you standing on my butt hey
little kick to that you relate nah you
let it stop put a hole in your back one
funny things I've ever seen that's one
of the funniest things that this is
funny I can't even lie this was all
unwritten unscripted I just took the
opportunity and ran with it
y'all laughs dang it I would say don't
say rusty you know I'm saying spoon
boarding pass this boy he don't gotta be
tall pull a trigger off or somebody face
all right front I wanna be on I do
why would wah-wah
Oh normally some people just do we shit
on YouTube and no idea that you're just
like they have no idea ass not so many
different levels right there
Dialga smiling as well yeah yeah
you know the hoverboards right he wants
to play me see you serious
wants to stay with you for a couple of
days to research into what they work I'm
really uncomfortable this how is this
even possible you can't do this to me
again when does he arrive oh my goodness
good morning good morning everybody
oh thank you man first of all what look
at this it's unbelievable not even
playing me huh no it's all I've never
done this for a while there's method
acting and then there's what I plan on
doing thank em hard something though
it's gotta make me laugh
Kevin is really good is this all the
same thing Moses for hmm spot oh it's
for Ian are you doing in my bed Kevin
huh what what are you doing in my bed
shit okay so you do laugh at your own
stuff just make it let greatest thing
since sliced bread really no I don't
watch my own stuff but I think that
stuff is funny I think the kids talented
okay if I if I were to jump out of
myself and look at what I did I would go
oh that's cool that guy's good really
you laughed at yourself you saw you I
laugh because I knew you didn't like you
were you were like what the hell is no
the tights listen the tights was funny
yeah the leggings and a guy go come on
man would you fuck yeah that was funny
and then turning around and hitting the
girl that her just hit buttons yeah
trying to get out like there was no
fight back that was funny so you laugh
you see the result of what you do you ah
that's funny you ever hated something
you're in impossible yeah impossible
damn
alright now before we end this so I'm
trying to you know I'm trying to do what
you doing we'll talk about your movie in
a second with some tips that you got for
me tips that I have for you yeah you
know it was funny man the best tip that
I can tell you is to be active so many
people talk about what they want to do
and I just love words people love to
hear words and say words put actions
behind your words don't be a talker be a
doer that's the first tip the second tip
is the best tip of them all man nothing
comes easy appreciate the hard work and
the process of hard work appreciate it
because after that's over and you get
the rewards of success you look back on
these moments and you respect those
moments the best you have no character
if you have no place that you come from
so make sure you enjoy this ride of
everything ups and downs of this world
all of the progress that you're making
the couple steps back you're gonna make
10 steps forward it gets better there's
a light at end of the tunnel
understanding respect that the people
that can't process that or people that
quit so fast alright my last and final
tip be loyal to those that helped you
grow you got a team you keep your team
together you want as a minute
you do nothing by yourself I don't care
who you are uncle you think you are
there's no person in this world that is
becoming success that can raise his hand
and say I'd do it all alone you got a
team of people whether started with you
that mean that they believe you they
bought into your dream that means they
invested into you they invested time
energy and effort in return you got to
invest your vision and promise them that
we are all going to win together so you
don't replace people I have the same
people been with me for the last 15
years judge a man success a lot of
people around them well that's some deep
shit that's it the dopest things I got
from the vlogging is that you people get
the experience and grow with you as you
grow mm-hmm you're letting people see
behind the curtain so when you start to
win if I followed you I'm so happy for
you because I saw you when you weren't
winning so now I'm invested I'm a fan
but I'm really like dude I'm happy for
you that's the best thing I'll take that
shit for granted man make sure you talk
to those people engage with those people
that's a dope thing not to derail from
it but in 2011 I was living in my
parents house and I wanted to be a
Hollywood actor but I was a theater arts
major so I started my youtube channel
zero subscribers and the ten people who
were watching me I told them that one
day they're gonna support me and buy
tickets to a movie that I'm in this year
and this year I'll be my first ever
movie those same people thank you though
those same people are the same people
celebrating with me now and like excited
I'll probably
I invite everybody and go to the movies
and everything that's a big deal yeah
listen I embrace it all I am a humble
guy regardless of what you see and the
level of success that I'm at I
understand where I come from I get how I
got there and there is no me without a
group of people that support you that
good people's your fan base be loyal to
them man
love them I'm serious
nope let's let's have you tell them
because they support me like crazy and I
know they support you like crazy so
where can they go support you coming up
me coming up go see what now October 14
my baby my biggest and especially date
I'm trying to make history be a part of
history with me I can't make it without
support you keep saying that I see on
your snapshot you say you're gonna make
history can you tell us how exactly is
it the what it's gonna gross is it I'm
the first comedian to ever perform and
sell out a football stadium we have
53,000 people at that show at the
Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia
with that being said I fund and produce
all my stand-up special myself I own
them laugh my pain let me explain and
now what now so I put about 14 million
dollars of my money into this movie yeah
I want to own it so I'm part of
Universal Universal distributing but I
want to break records because never been
a concert film to exceed 50 million
dollars Eddie Murphy's raw 250 million
dollars in the box office I can't ever
be Eddie Murphy or outdo it anymore if
you did cuz Eddie Murphy is on a
pedestal but for my generation I can do
amazing things I can put my own imprint
and my generations like that's what I'm
trying to do I'm trying to make history
for my generation so when I say help me
make history be a part of it I took a
fourteenth it will happen
why because I believe it will now get
your best example offending go calm cool
got it love it
do it big I'm done because I just spent
the time I had with them doing a video
just listening to the gems that come out
of his mouth because that's more
powerful than anything go check out the
movie and before we go um you gonna
catch me in your your next one that
you're funny
the next one we're doing do you but you
had a pet for right yeah okay you French
sharks
yeah okay well we can't use we do oh my
god all right guys check it out what now
