what up everybody welcome to fouseytube
so I'm here with none other than Kevin
Hart I'm Kevin Hart you actually go by
that that's my that's my name Kevin Hart
I I go by Foose key but my real name is
muhammad al Jabar Hawken Hafiz and I
don't like I don't like going by that I
think you got it you gotta get that hand
cramp that's when you sign the autograph
okay your hands start to hurt and I love
it I'm mohammad al Jabar oh yeah and
this is Kevin Hart yeah yeah and he's
about to do the whisper challenge for
the first time it says my first time
it's kind of great I'd like to share it
with you this is gonna be great yeah I'm
excited
scale of 1 to 10 somebody throw up the
number 30 here's how it's gonna work
you're gonna when you do press play
you're gonna make it loud so you can't
hear me I'm a whisper something to you
like seductively but you're not supposed
to read my lips lost me a seductive
you don't seem passionate yeah I'm still
confused uh what's another word will you
want me to use whisper I'm a voice for
some of you there you go that's okay
cool good go revolutionising this
whisper challenge there you go and then
you're gonna just try to say what I said
what I keep my headphones on yeah so you
can't hear me you can't read my lips
you're gonna try to say what I said just
served you says so you go say something
yeah I'm at my headphones on exactly
when you're done I can tell you back
what you say it's that piece of cake
baby you see I just process that you
know that's called education stay in
school kids our first press play I'm
gonna put all my oh yeah yes put on this
song right now so I put on cookie it
sounds like a slow song he can't hear me
that sounds like a slow song everybody
no no no you're not ready no take it to
go I guess that sounds like a slow song
sounds like you can hear me you can hear
me well that's all okay that's like my
headphones okay that's not music
headphones coming soon stop doing
something dumbest cuz you keep doing
this and then you don't go this mean go
yeah I want to see your Duane John
wait
don't hit I want to see your Dwayne
Johnson you want to see a receipt Oh
close I'm close close real close I want
to see your Dwayne Johnson try you gotta
just try want to see a receipt for some
shit yeah yeah I want to see what's in
that shit yeah
hello ladies Andy good he's good he's
good my tampons it was it now I'm gonna
blast something I'm gonna whisper it to
me
okay I see you get how was going I can't
hear anything right alright I'm about to
uh do the whisper challenge why is he
looking there as he started yes okay my
eyebrows smell like Lords always on I'm
looking at your lips though my eyebrows
it's my like booty shit my headphones
are banging little boozy I saw fuck no
honey my eyebrows with mega piece of
shit I got it I say your eyebrows my
eyebrows smell like pootie shit oh shit
he said banging little Bootsy I get no
bullshit like it looked like it looked
like it easy my pussy gonna bring all
the cars and everyone my pussy colors
he's always there are you you if you do
this you'll feel what I'm saying
my pussy my pussy brings all the boys to
the oh yeah he's good he's good he's
good my pussy brings all the boys yeah
I'm ready
black chicken nuggets are my favorite
black chicken nuggets are my favorite
black something is my favorite if I
ain't got that like the second word
black chicken nuggets or my favorite it
I might end up saying something racist
black shitters are my favorite oh that's
tough that's tough for those people out
there black chicken nuggets are my
favorite black chilies are my favorite
none man I get it mom
I'm and oh say something racial I'm done
nobody why I said black chicken nugget
Oh gotcha said nuggets out Shawna me
yeah I'm not look what chicken niggas on
my favorite what what it didn't say that
the cameras ain't I thought you said
chicken niggas but I'm not sure I got it
come to cut them all out
oh that's a good game that's a dangerous
game but it's a good game mom got pay
attention you gotta pay attention was
the other I'm having fun and it's me you
Sifu and a bit killin army ah I like
beautiful white men would you say Anna
it's me Yusuf who enemy kill them out of
me you speaking Spanish Spanish take it
off I said
Anna it's me Yusuf and a big ulama to be
yeah I was a daddy no fuckin work
it means matter all right all right guys
that's the end of the whisper challenge
as you can see we both you know we did
pretty good
no no I think right you did shitty you
actually he did even we're very good the
Spanish we're gonna leave it we gonna
leave it at that
until he watches this video when Spanish
uh forward yeah a lot uh more Bianca
will say almost a mo kimi e 2 and none
they stop
wave Bay de blanco' come on Easter
so donde esta ah what now a October a
contorsi ha ha in silly mouth so kevin
has reached all kinds of success in his
life but then start asking himself what
now well now he ended up on the couch
with Lucy doing the whisper challenge
that's very true that's very true what
can they find out though like what now
it's funny you say that
the thing about Kevin give me a second
of a go third person uh Kevin Hart is a
man of many talents but the talent that
we're gonna focus on now stand-up comedy
Wow
because that's what I love to do where
did I do it Philadelphia in what venue a
football stadium it's never been done is
that history you motherfucking right can
I open up for you one time but uh we
gotta go through the thing is the way
that everything happens because we got a
uue seafood see what he says no way the
way this is said about in our green room
we you got a brother I don't know you
like dolphins yeah okay then that's that
we don't like that it's not gonna work
it's not going work but we'll work y'all
gonna go see the movie go see the movie
till before teen what now
you
