what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube so me and my brother Roman
Atwood are currently on tour our tour
manager has a lot of you guys know name
is Pablo my name is Pablo and I'm here
to say I like to go on to work every day
Pablo has become the ladies man of this
tour girls are just throwing themselves
at him and his DMS are getting nasty
dirty da so we're currently in Chicago
for our tour stop and I found two
beautiful ladies from here to be my
accomplices for this prank me with the
help of my security got our hands on one
of Pablo's room keys our security is
gonna call Pablo and ask him to come
downstairs to help with something when
he does me Roman and the ladies are
gonna go inside his hotel room instead
of below surprise for him this is gonna
be the most cringe-worthy the most
awesome Frank you have ever seen in your
entire life get ready
you guys can have the power/lock is we
have to go all the way around the
building we're running to his room right
now
Oh caocao noise come on ladies we'll set
up the camera you guys just get in bed
Roman said this one up perfectly in his
black box he's gonna be there
why he can't see you can't see anything
so I set up the GoPro right here LED
lights off from all the way here that's
hard to see when I hear is door I'm
gonna turn this off okay
Oh
Roman it was Roman
thank you guys so much for watching I
just finished editing right now no
matter how the footage turned out
tonight was a great time with me and my
friends we just created so many memories
and we had a blast thank you so much for
all the love you guys have been showing
on tour if you enjoyed this video and
you want more pranks on fouseytube give
this video a big thumbs up and if you
want to see a full a full behind the
scenes as to how we pulled this prank
off I uploaded it right now on to my
daily vlog channel youtube.com slash
dose of pussy we're almost not four
million subscribers on that channel so
hop on over and don't be afraid to
subscribe thank you and I'll see you
next time what I usually do here oh yeah
