January of 2015 was the first time I
ever came face-to-face with cancer I
never had to experience anybody close to
me go through cancer it wasn't until I
was on tour where everything was going
good in my life when a girl came up to
me during a me angry and let me know
that her brother was one of my biggest
fans he unfortunately couldn't come cuz
he was at home undergoing chemo right
then and there I told her to ask her
parents if I could go visit I drove
straight from the venue to his house and
made a new friend he taught me a lot
about myself and he humbled me and
taught me about what's important and how
I need to stop manifesting over the
little things in my life and look at the
bigger picture over a year later I'm
happy to say me and him are still in
contact and he is now cancer-free today
I was supposed to upload a video in
response to everything that was being
said about me so as I was on my laptop
watching all the videos reading all the
tweets in the comments an email popped
up on my screen the email was from a
father of a fan of mine told me his son
was battling brain cancer and through
his battle the only thing that was
keeping him strong and fighting was
watching my vlogs daily I immediately
felt so so stupid Here I am linking on
big and mighty fighting this big battle
about YouTube drama when there is a 12
year old fighting a real battle a battle
to live a battle to stay by his family
side and a battle to fight for his
happiness and through it all he would
ask his dad every day how I was doing
and to make sure that I was okay cuz he
knew that I was going through a lot this
week
I immediately closed my laptop booked
the flight to San Francisco and told his
father that I'm coming too surprising
life found a way to Humble me again and
it was in the form of this blessing he
is truly a blessing that has walked into
my life it's been a long time since I
met a heart so pure a boy full of so
much joy so much honesty and so much
love I really don't have anything else
to say so I'd like you to meet this joy
in this blessing of mine and see what
I'm talking about
how's it going use a good work nice to
meet you this is keen on hey nice to
meet you thanks for having us it's a
pleasure to have you guys here with us
so he's one of your biggest fans so and
he's going to be ecstatic to see you
come he doesn't know you're coming I
told them you might be able to if the
tour permitted rolling you emailed and I
was like oh we're not stopping in San
Francisco I was like we have to go
we definitely watch you and we take
serious what you say to the best family
on YouTube we definitely are part of
that family so when he knew I reached
out to you he was like hey Daniel
make sure you ask him how he's doing
because I know he doesn't like when
people just you know want something from
him so he's had 12 years old he's I mean
when I tell you like his teachers and
everybody worked out of state and when
they found this out like he is such a
wonderful kid like I don't know him and
when I just saw him there and hearing
your like story I was just like ah let's
go meet him Eddie is excited to meet him
I shouldn't blog it right I'm not gonna
what's up buddy what are you watching
you're watching pussy do you like that
guy
why oh that's your screensaver I don't
like him I like roaming outward letter
how are you yeah your dad emailed me
yesterday and he said that you wanted to
be my friend and I said I want to be
your friend so I flew out here to see
you
which blog were you watching the one
from today how'd you like it yeah is
there too much drama right now no hahaha
I felt like there was so much drama in
it you know and that's what I wanted to
see you because like you have so much
positivity and you're like so happy I
was like why am i dealing with this
drama if you're over here so happy you
know so what's up you want to get hurt
here I'm holding you up huh have they
been feeding you good at least honest I
asked an oven
why do you what do you like about the
videos making positive that's what I try
to do I'm trying to fix that what do you
think I should do how do you think I
should teach people to be positive
I'm trying though but they don't see
that should I just forget about them and
focus on the positivity yeah you're
right
you're in Southgate you're supposed to
be in sick how'd you get to seven did
you not pay the principle if you smart
you know you're strong did you know that
uh no yeah like I when I heard your
story I was like I thought I was strong
because I work out like two times a
month so I thought I had like some
muscle but then I heard about you and I
was like I'm not strong you're strong
you got muscles they're coming in his
favorite comic book is Captain America
and I told him that when Captain America
got hurt he had to get like you know
taking care of and afterwards he became
so strong so after this
everybody needs to look out for him if
you see him on the street because he's
gonna be the new Captain America you
don't think so yeah you are
I'll take you on my side any day so if
any bully comes up to me I'm just gonna
call your name you need to come protect
me all right deal you heard that I don't
care if he's grounded if it happened he
has to come that's your way to get out
of being grounded okay be like I gotta
protect Yusuf he's getting bullied again
I mean you got a positive vlog and
message to the youth so you know he
definitely he has freedom to to to watch
whatever he wants when it comes to you
so so much ah stop cursing sometimes
accidentally curse
good when I said do you want to see it
to make sure he did good you said it
doesn't matter how can you learn how do
I learn to be carefree like that don't
what that's deep I like that don't sweat
the little stuff because I you know me I
make big deals out of everything but I
want you to text me whenever you want
whenever you want to talk I'll be there
no you know except if it's like you know
3:00 a.m. and I'm sleeping you know and
you text me I might be like yo text me
in the morning
I'm kidding text me and every as
negative as everyone can be when it's
like something positive it's like you
can't have it in your heart to be nice
so today is his first day out how you
feel like literally his first day out
and he's been telling his parents he
wants to go to baskin-robbins so I asked
him if I can go to baskin-robbins and he
said I can't I can't
all right I don't want to go then
whatever okay we're going to
baskin-robbins you see our picture look
I posted it wanna see it
look you already got 31 thousand likes
they like that was a nice picture to you
I'm gonna text you it yeah that's a nice
picture
I know like he's been waiting for his
ice cream and it's like a special day
I'm here fairness oh quick in Allah hi
so he's been waiting for sure my people
don't go and hate on other people
because the people who I like the people
who are gonna watch this are not to be
the same people with the mentality and
it's actually people who have a heart
and have a care so we were driving over
here and we checked the Instagram in the
Facebook and there was people on there
apologizing saying Oh
and he really wasn't lying like that's
legit but it was so many positive posts
that it was like nope
pretty cool yeah that's what I'm saying
like that's what I built
and it's like what you attract to
yourself so when I'm fighting against
the drama I'm fighting against people
who love that whereas my people they're
not gonna go out and bash anybody
because we've created that like these
are my supporters right here you know
like an you know how pure his heart is
this is not gonna be the end of the blog
but we're still gonna stay right here
I'll see you tomorrow on dose of pussy
where the lying steroid yeah yeah good
job thank you so much I'm gonna text me
whenever okay like don't be scared to
text me no girls text me Soph you gotta
have guy friends sex me okay all right
thank you thank you so much appreciate
it definitely appreciate it thank you so
much thank you thank you putting as we
come here
thank you stay in touch if you don't
know it takes your dad thank you to my
guy after today I'm obviously not gonna
make a video addressing any of the
things that have been said about me
today taught me a huge lesson and a
lesson I need to start implementing into
my life like my new friend taught me I
can't sweat the small stuff I do want to
say to all creators and all viewers out
there I do appreciate you all I do love
you all and I'm happy for us all we're
also blessed we're so blessed we're able
to do and how we're able to help each
other and how we're able to do something
impactful in all of our lives you know
sometimes we disagree but at the end of
the day this internet is one big family
and it's on us to either nurture it and
help it grow or destroy it and watch you
die my name is Yusuf Salah Auto God
I go by fousey too and I just want to
spread love
you
