all right I know I've been posting so
much on this channel but this cannot
wait this is the best day of my life
there's so much I want to say but I'll
keep it for the vlog basically I started
YouTube in March 25th of 2011 I promised
my parents I promised you I would make
it into a Hollywood movie
and today the trailer has officially
come out I like to thank you guys so
much for believing in me in the start I
started with a dollar in a dream and
nothing more than your love your support
and your belief Thank You Tyler Perry
for giving me the opportunity thank you
to all my co-stars and all the other
youtubers who made it in the movie this
is so big for the community and I'm so
proud of you guys and I know everyone is
going to love this movie it's actually
when I saw the trailer I was like I'll
admit yes so good it's so good I'd like
to introduce y'all to Tyler Perry's boom
a Madea Halloween in theaters October
21st 2016 good day to the fat family on
you too
now come over here with that damn
foolishness let's come jump up out of
this damn box so ladies we're having a
Halloween party tonight so won't you and
bye
Tiffany what's going on chill out pops
cool hey Madea I got to go out of town I
was wondering if you can come by and
just keep an eye on chipping oh no I
could come over this Halloween night you
know I like to go around Halloween I'll
tell you I'm on my way I'll be there now
I know man the gun you see you I'm glad
you're here to help me with her because
there's a party around the corner and I
want to be sure she doesn't try to sneak
out this is so while these children
today you got to drop the hammer on them
put the birthday can happen to her turn
to prostitution drugs yeah how you think
I met your mama you shouldn't be here
mr. Wilson died in this house on
Halloween he killed his entire family
and after 10 the ghosts come out strange
things are happy you see some scary all
my life I hid the fact we are you know
let's watch she's a very kinky girl
we had one I saw it in a movie this
against the phone she got dead
oh what a hell is hello do you want to
play Akane
nice costume did show us your pips you
want to see you home paradise let me the
dream I used to get Bala peace but we
got to get up we are all winners
let me look up on the hood alright come
on
Tyler Perry's boo Ahmadiyya Halloween I
hope you guys enjoyed if you're excited
give this video a big thumbs up if
you're gonna see it in theaters let me
know how you feel about it in the
comment section below and I know I know
oh my god you were only in the trailer
for a millisecond that's the best
seconds that I've ever had in my life
oh my god I love that millisecond cuz
how it made me feel I promise I'm in the
movie longer than a millisecond I'll see
you tomorrow I'm ghost of pussy with a
grind don't stop
he's a scream the Lions a roaring in the
trouble rah
you
