so as I'm sure you've seen by now
yesterday rice gum sucker punched me in
the face
hi a lot of you have many questions why
did he do it is it real
is it fake what's going on in order for
me to explain that I have to say this
right now there's a problem on YouTube
the YouTube audience is gravitated
towards drama
whenever anything drama related is
uploaded people flock to it people talk
about it people view it and people want
more and that's not OK we shouldn't be
okay with the negative stuff that are
happening to people we shouldn't be okay
with seeing other people suffer we
shouldn't be okay with seeing people
profit from other people's misfortune I
want you to see a full behind-the-scenes
as to what went on yesterday how exactly
what I thought was going to happen
happen and then some and then I want you
to draw your own conclusion I said if
that's okay and if the problem really
lies with the drama channels or the
actual YouTube audience who asked for
more
step one in the process rice is going to
send out some tweets subliminally
tweeting about me on Twitter and then
I'm going to reply telling him that if
he wants to talk crap he should just ask
me I hate when people act nice to collab
oh he just sent it there's no turning
back now
Oh on all already hella reads we got 500
retweets in second
oh no the next step is going to be me
replying to him saying you better just
add me next time this is about a me
great it wasn't school doing alright
it's time it's time all right
I'm literally shaking but I'm not to
pull reply right now I am literally
shaking and I'm going to say if you're
really gonna take this to Twitter you
might as well ask me
don't be a sucker those are fighting
words ready three two one this is gonna
be so bad we're about to go from the
fight now but I guarantee you scarce
already is on it always scarce ready
screenshot of the tweets he's already
making basically rice command foo see to
have gotten into a ton of fucking drama
today
all right so now it's time to
choreograph the fight here's what's
going to happen rice is going to post a
Twitter video and what he's going to say
it is alright I'm outside who sees
building and then he's going to tweet me
and say I'm outside your building come
see me so then it's going to look like I
came down to look for rice rice is going
to be hiding and as soon as you see me
you come out the corner ah-choo chubby
and comfort away the poor old store
world floor and areas gonna chase after
you Hey this has to be like a perfect
orchestrated thing so it goes like ask
to be shaky you have to scream worldstar
you got to get mad and start chasing
after it I got a perfect that pun you
got to give me you a punch don't
actually hit me practice it alright that
looks mad big right now but we won't get
it now something that's okay oh it's
okay
house making an any friends on YouTube
can do that
haha
Oh can't we miss this
okay
I wish it the south am I here to say
imma fuckin roll
chuckles watch it at that under the
station budget I'll save you
I'm a publicist
fucking let's look at why would you do
that I didn't breath hi 400 takes later
and we finally got it I don't know how
to do that gangster handshake I just
like this well the bad part is people
are on following me right now who else
on you know me they think it's real so
there it is we're all done the next step
is to upload the video to Twitter and
then hope that one of the YouTube drama
channels picks it up you think that will
100% we'll find out after this clip
I saw something on YouTube that I had
never seen before
you know big youtubers rice gum
fouseytube we talked about them on the
show before massive audience rice coming
up tweeting this out one hour ago he
said I hate when people act nice to
collab but then I find out they call
shit about me apparently he was talking
about fouseytube because fouseytube
responded with you're really going to
take this Twitter you might as well at
me don't be a suck they both actually
been talking a ton of shit about each
other over twitter iceland tweets boozy
come outside your apartment so rice gum
is actually right next to fouseytube
house in real life and he's ready to
fight fucking fouseytube like an actual
fistfight and then this Twitter video
came out where apparently they got a
fight since video was posted and has
blown up all over social media food
zeroes who did this for Twitter views if
you really wanted it you would have ran
like a little pussy shake my head hey
guys so it looks like rice gum literally
just punch fouseytube in real life like
this YouTube drama shit just got fucking
real man whoa you might be wondering why
did we do this video I it wasn't just to
fool the audience and it was to show
everybody how easy it is to manipulate
the YouTube drama channels who report
news these days you shouldn't believe
everything you see on YouTube and you
shouldn't be happy to see somebody else
going through something negative you
shouldn't be happy to see what couple
breaks up you shouldn't be happy to see
who's going bankrupt or who bought what
or what drama people are going through
let's bring back YouTube to a time of
love a time of happiness and a time of
friendship pressure no no be
chill chill chill chill chill thank you
guys so much for watching if you
personally are against YouTube drama
give this video a big thumbs up and
leave some positivity in the comments
below
my name is fouseytube if you want to see
more videos subscribe to this channel or
if you want to see my daily vlogs
subscribe to my daily vlog channel at
youtube.com slash dose of fousey right
now there is a complete
behind-the-scenes uploaded and the link
is in the description below if you'd
also like me and rice come actually
collaborated on his channel and we
created a comedy skit and the link is
also in the description below I love you
guys so much I care for you guys and I
just want you guys to have your hearts
filled with love and not negativity
inspired by drama I'll see you next time
Wow
