morning what a project butterfly yes I
do what I do
where are you I played his song so much
what our project butterfly team
butterfly Youssef here fousey welcome to
the final episode of season 1 but do not
fret because season 2 starts right after
this
we're just ending this chapter right
here and continuing on a brand new
chapter with nothing but love positivity
and happiness today is going to be a
great day we've got a lot of stuff in
store for you guys first we're going to
eat then we're going to go take a dollar
and we're going to continue spreading
blessing I love you guys thank you for
being with us you guys are the wings to
this journey you're the heartbeat to my
dream I love you good
my name to the best family on YouTube
okay watches watches legends muffin
there she goes gonna come oh you want to
go get dollar come on alright guys chemo
has to give me something but it's
useless Rogers butterfly you're living
at in jungle right so you need one of
those
alright this is cold Scully take care of
it I'm not getting who died use that on
chemo
hey hopefully I'm a Sin Eater
goat Scully they characteristically
still dig here okay I don't even know
how to pull out a knife so hairy go go
to go to sleep
remember juices yeah we in the jungle
and I take care to story so he will take
care of me
there you go alright Danielle let's go
Mikey mom I just want to mention that
about I think 30 because I know we're on
episode 31 but I think it's like 33 days
ago the exact number mean Daniella left
my apartment with no keys and began this
journey and I just want to say no matter
how many Upson's bent on how many downs
how much this has changed I'm really
proud of it
oh I see you okay I'm coming right now
good how are you guys I'm done your
research ah ah ah nice to meet you guys
Toronto me Tina
Vanina ELISA nice to meet you guys even
like wandering around like I always be
all wrong nice to meet you guys let's go
get dollar after you Daniella hello
exciting you guys have guy here how are
you good how are you alright nice to
meet you guys have fun in LA I'm off in
my mph and we're going to take a baller
going for now it's fall away at me o is
for the only one I see V you should have
seen her how she's been without dollar
we bonded so much because of its own
like never before she would not let me
leave her side for a second she came
everywhere with me
you're a good girl hopefully the last
time coming here hello
good here to pick up dollar yes the
amount like you guys don't have to give
a crap about my dog my life anything um
but the amount of love you guys like
showed for you know dollar I have no
doubt in my mind that your guys's
blessings in you guys as well wishes
really helped in his recovery because
every day the that would call me it
would be like you get slightly better
and slightly better and more love you
guys poured in the more you got better
so thank you guys so much
lovin let me pour it first I don't know
if I'm pouring it or if you just look in
oh yeah oh you want to kiss muffin first
okay sad a muffin once I miss you $2
we're gonna see today you guys made me
was lame
oh you tasted her medicine is all
everyone of the idea when you got to
give dollar some space now he's been in
the hospital for a while you missed a
few misses we miss you so much but he
missed you
everybody was asking about you everybody
was talking about you they all prayed
for you everybody wanted you to get
better and you're better now
you still haven't pooped oh so I'm
expecting that okay you're coming you
just like I've been visiting him and
then leaving he does want me to leave
him again
you're both coming hey calm down dollar
late okay you can be in first okay okay
okay okay
dollar that muffin in you guys got a
share you know how it goes oh my god
dollars like you're not leaving me this
time we're not dollar for not now we're
ready yo the hospital said he hasn't
pooped in four days right when he comes
back - good job good job
how's the help me pull their job
yes I'm pooped in four days the first
minute he's back with us and we come
outside and I told him on the phone I
said he's just scared he pooped
I'm so excited to be back
I want to premise this by saying later
on today and starting up season two
we're eliminating all rules there's
going to be no rules and we're going to
be able to just roam around have fun and
be free for today I just wanna remind
y'all project butterfly isn't just about
helping the
it's everything you see us doing our
life our movement we're working with
projects butterfly yes that's about it
but whatever unfolds through that is
what's going to unfold let's go you want
to play something for our show oh yeah
all right
there you guys go ask them if you wanted
to play showcases balance he said he
does let's hear it Mary please Mary
please Saturday already back with that
whoa good job
god bless I love it good one you guy
thank you no problem so in yesterday's
episode chemo interviewed somebody and
it was a very harmful interview and he
was holding the sign that said I just
want money for food and smoke when you
actually write we people actually give
you money for that it's crazy how in one
day that's him right there
that's the same guy when he's in a
completely different state today
whatever has gone oh I'm gonna
Don
I really don't know what to say I don't
even know what to do at this point but
let me just how to wake them up
- bit excuse me
he's out LaVon I walked past this man
and he said what did you say
you said something kind right now what
did you say good beautiful people
good evening beautiful people now that
was sweet so he stopped and he already
started setting up when you saw the
light she was like all right let me show
these cats what I got goblet thank you
so much thank you so much thank you for
sharing your talents and your blessings
with us today we appreciate it
that's amazing I wish you nothing but
the best and I'm sure you put a smile on
all their faces yeah and I like one slam
ha ha ha god bless thank you thank you
hey go follow me man just google hashtag
symbol K u.s. hbl owh Cristo follow me
on Instagram well all on before they
follow you gotta you gotta let them know
what you do your computer and amazing
legs and already I played why you hatin
in my ears when I say the key with is
rule comedy kinda is rural dated before
you hit the boat weeds the boxes are
credit you say the matches are baby
grab a blood and get faded steppin up on
your face right Oakland are racist or
trying to get higher closer saber-tooth
Tiger I cut like a knife from a militant
sniper hopefully I like a Piper like a
look I get tighter you come with a blood
I'll drop a pounds in at five you're
fired
so before we go into Walgreens what's
your name Tony what do you want from in
here like Walgreens
I like you keeping it honest but like
what could you get that would like help
you out I hope your situation how about
you going get a car get whatever you
want and then I'll get that for you
all right there you go you like I don't
mind the cigarettes because your honesty
but I want to see some good stuff in
there too so we're going to be in there
too so whenever you have your cart ready
we'll meet up with you and then I'll get
you whatever you need whatever is in the
cart
no but like but like the way my bank
account is set up so for years dollar
and muffin were apartment pet not no
that's not enough stuff okay go go back
go back around go back around so four
years all our muffin used to be a
partner in pet and they never used to go
out dollar has no idea how much is life
is about to change
like nothing no she's going with me
everywhere you're coming everywhere
though there you're living a new life
now just me and my best friend dollar
this is where my best friend so I'm
gonna let Tony take over right now I
just put it on him and it's going to
become the Tony show you walk around
tell us what you're getting which need
and all that so tell us about your life
as well
well alright now I'm looking for work
because um I just got a place with a
friend who happens to be bipolar which
is very she's like my best friend down
she's very interesting very sweet and
very talented but um we had a rough
start so we're just trying to get along
and you know make sure everything's okay
she's losing her jobs because her
bipolar it's two figures like I said
it's been rough so we're just trying to
figure it all out right now can I get a
phone okay thank you appreciate it
so telling you started taking a literal
and then he won't get a phone I was I
said make you a TV oh great you know you
know what I did and that's like you know
if you had just been modest I'm like I
want this I've been like that's his loss
so you know what I can't even fault you
for doing that get you a phone get your
headphone thank you brother
I was gonna be like I'll come back to
you be like Oh suggest that I marry this
let me want to buy my dog look I got to
know what we do want to go by here's our
cute my hair is dragged it's only the
students are / - you got everything I
like
187 sent me there how much should people
gone that's them that's hiya Gary yeah
jack is the hotel and everything so no
cigarettes I could go home if I have to
do it you know what I'm not gonna help
you
I know dude hello and I complain I'm not
complaining but you know well that's
that's my last place I can't do drugs
anymore the kids race day one alright I
hope you have fun with all your goodies
you never have a great time your
headphones your phone everything else
that you know you may need just use you
baby I get that big look at me anything
you wanna say to the people I'm gonna
say you guys just live don't survive and
don't get none on you thank you very
much for coming to thank you ma'am god
bless you from there I have a going yo
yo yo okay what already lovely beautiful
we're doing it thank how you doing
alright guys take a shot this is how you
should spend sleeping
not doubt we just ran into these two
from Florida this is Ava and this is
this is Owen
they said they hope to see more
youtubers out here so I'm going to give
you guys a little advice
finding youtubers in Hollywood and Vine
is like looking for Pokemon they're
everywhere
now some Pokemon aren't as good as
others like if you wanting to Logan you
and into like a tars arm you know you do
run into a foodie so you just ran into
like a Bulbasaur you know what I mean if
you run into like and Alex wasabi that's
just like a what alright - that's a
right true I love you Alex so you didn't
get mad when like we got derailed and we
stopped hanging out with youtubers I
mean not because I felt signs where I
want to restart suits are watching you
and motivating me and everything you
want to be in the episode okay
yeah what's on pussy pussy yeah y'all
want to donate money to charity and
donating money to charity pussy but
we're doing like this charity thing you
want to go into any of that money you
had a lot of money there I mean if
you're going to show like that give it
back to the streets gonna give it back
I'll go give it to a homeless person
right now on your behalf you donate
anything you on your blessing anything
it's just money man it'll come back to
you give it out look look I'm gonna tell
you this look look look look look I'm
approved to get this then y'all approve
with you I promise you you give me
anything right now that shit will come
back to you that money will come back to
you
yo I'm telling you I'm telling you just
trust me on this whatever you feel like
in your heart that you want to give
watch these videos though every dollar
you get back against more content how
much 10 huh bills and all that I'm gonna
give you a 20 then you get me a 10 I'm
gonna give you back this money I told
you man you give to the world it's going
to come back to you that's all I meant
man never be scared to give money this
shit's trash and I want my assets not
going to do much put that money that you
get back that's going to come back doing
sinful so god bless and I watch the
sugar come on scoot thank you I
appreciate it
how's it going that's what I mean
doesn't he do it now all the other times
they really know anything but now he's
going to be even better
season 2 coming soon look how crazy it
is that guy gave me pen I gave him back
20 you saw me you said you watch the
journey and now you want to give funny
hi
that's how it works man you give and you
get back so thank you so much I'm gonna
go get this out right now on your behalf
all right thank you goblet very cute dog
somebody very cute dog Oh somebody just
gave me $25 I want to give it to you
yeah
god bless you nice to meet you and very
cute dog thank you have a good all is
your sign say please give anybody could
be in this position is very true
I hope the $25 helps out in any way that
I can yeah all right thank you have a
good one god bless yo I just want to say
oh man I feel so like gross right now
man because it's been 33 days and we're
still going nonstop for 33 days you guys
haven't seen me in a personal home
amount you ever seen me in the gym you
haven't seen me eating properly and
that's not what this is about this isn't
about self sacrifice to find my route to
happiness and that's something I have to
adjust because I feel like I should go
to the gym I should focus on my health
and I'm going to be very blunt right now
with somebody who suffers with bipolar
with something suffers from depression
the worst thing you can do for yourself
is to get yourself off of your routine
from what you eat how you sleep and how
you you know go to the gym and stuff and
especially even things like my sugar
intake and like last night for example I
ate a pizza I can be high I drink coke I
slept bad and it's just not good so I'm
going to have to work on that if I want
to continue because as you guys can see
like like like better like better like
it's affecting me better like but I want
to say thank you guys so much for the
support you have shower this journey
with for 33 days like honestly you guys
have been there with us through the ups
to the downs you've been there as we've
been trying to find out what this
journey is about and adjusting this
journey as we go on
you guys have showered us with positive
comments about this with likes you
showered us with you know tweets and
messages and support you supported the
GoFundMe you've done so much and I just
want you to know that this is only the
beginning
currently right here let's see where we
end up actually I'll just tell you guys
so right now to start off season two
me and the crew and dollar and muffins
are headed to
