what up everybody and welcome to -
so my good friend Alex recently became
my neighbor me being a bad friend never
gave him a proper housewarming present
he's in the Philippines this week he
left me with the duty of feeding his
chinchilla chichi while he's gone he
left me a key under his doormat so I
walk into his apartment hello it's me
and I start feeding the little Trouper
cabra a chickie when it hit me
he gave me access to his whole apartment
while he's gone so I text his girlfriend
Lauren and I asked if she wants to be a
part of the prank and she gave me this
genius idea she does do-it-yourself
stuff so she told me to do it myself so
I ran to the store to grab some paint
when I started painting I realized I'm
not the greatest of painter so I got a
professional to do it
this is the greatest housewarming
present I could ever come up with Alex I
hope you enjoy actually I know you'll
enjoy enjoy welcome to my art exhibition
I'm super excited to show you what's
behind this red curtain here but before
that I want to show you how the prank is
going to go down alex is on his way home
from the airport right now I told them
I'll leave his key for him under my
doormat at my door so I can set up and
get ready for when he gets here here's
what's gonna happen when he walks in so
I decided to leave the lights set up
because it's like an art exhibition but
the real reason it's going to give me
proper lighting for the prank when he
walks into the apartment he's going to
know things are fishing when he sees his
couch that's supposed to be there right
there so it's totally fine he's still
going to have no idea what to expect
when he pulls down the drapes so one of
the main cameras is going to be hidden
right here now I'm actually going to be
inside the apartment when the prank goes
down what he doesn't know I'll be hiding
inside this closet right here ready to
pop out and get the footage that I need
the next camera set up is perfect
because alex has an array of cameras
right here what he doesn't know is one
of them is mine it's set up at the top
and it's going to be recording for when
he walks in through the door he's gonna
have no idea I hope you guys enjoyed
this prank I hope you appreciate the
masterpiece behind that curtain and
until Alex comes home I'll be in the
closet don't expect to come out video on
YouTube because yeah it's just it's just
for the prank
Oh what here iam any shot baby she did
yeah he's on a date right now
oh I'm scared I'm scared how does that
mean
is simply hot not down
yeah oh I don't know if it's open and
then you have a clean man he's here you
say hot date oh okay thanks I'm scared
what is the moment
what oh what Oh for articles about the
missing why this long I'm scared
Halle Berry plus 100y me to dance
well not ready
they're mine
Oh
so are you gonna keep it no thank you
guys so much for watching if you want to
see behind the scenes as to how this
whole prank went down click the link in
the description below it's on my vlog
channel dose of where I post daily
videos go ahead and give this video a
big thumbs up and I'll see you next time
rah
