what up everybody welcome to fouseytube
today I'm gonna do my first ever
challenge on this channel it's a
challenge that we made up when we were
just fooling around in the kitchen and
we want to play it in front of you guys
I don't have a name for yet but I hope
you enjoy write the rules of the game
are simple it's just like flip cup
instead you're not flipping cups you're
flipping water bottles here's what you
have to do what's the first person gets
it it goes to the second and the third
first team to do it wait
ready I think we should switch up their
order talk to the do it okay whispers
yeah over there
oh that no no you leave the bottle over
there you leave the bottle boy all right
then you know what we keep them the same
knowledge say exactly the same thing you
guys are
let's go yo T America's just jealous
that I got all the girls on this side I
mean they got Alex is kind of cute but
beyond that we got all the beauties you
know I I know we're supposed to not like
that team but that bat Japanese for all
pretty cute we're up10tion been pissin
me off yo he's giving me these like eyes
and it looks like he wants to fight and
I might have to throw a punch team Kenan
duh we got the Meese we got the Beavers
we got the egg lose I'm pretty cool with
the rest the team Alex I don't really
think oh it's gonna be a problem because
I'm just gonna tell my girl Lauren to
like crack the whip
yo I don't know how they're ahead right
now I was looking at Lily's face she had
this tick I think she's taking
performance enhancement drugs feel
they're getting lucky but I'm gonna beat
them just like Miami's gonna be
oh the only one I'm really concerned
about is Dom because I like a huge crush
on Gong anything usually Q and I think
like I might distract me I'm missing
offer away long time that's right
America to Canada to switch switch I'll
take another thing I'm the opposite of
your name Oh Drake here we go hey I'm
just gonna be completely honest here and
say my team sucks
it's do you see I'm putting in all the
work you see this wrist action we gonna
do this time we don't wits not all right
let's go wait okay
are you thinking know who it's to get
you that humble threw a punch through
here I thought I put a bad Canada
through the first punch
I think it's good enough is what's gonna
are we good check it out but yeah
Bennett's yet have been that more
Alamosa what I was if good good that's
good
what's testing out this table will never
be the same again humble threw a punch I
don't care what anybody says he threw a
punch and that's why I had to lay it to
smack it down and take him through the
table I'm out this piece I did not punch
boovie I walked by and I brushless
walking protein shake and then he
snapped idli falls on top of me he's
jealous cuz all the girls are on RT and
Alex won't give him any love I was there
I saw it you stayed with jumped on
humble quicker than airport security
race this dude alright so after that
fight they're still up through you -
it's all good we're gonna tie right now
they win they win the whole series and
go on face the next team we're gonna tie
it up right now
great there's no 1k great one pig trait
one take 100 oh my god it's a brain
brain hey it's just a brain it's just
afraid I wasn't even I it's just a break
it's all she did a humble I'm scared
right now Canada
yeah yeah yeah yeah
thank you guys so much for watching
unfortunately my team lost this time in
Canada one if you want to see this
become a series please give this video a
big thumbs up and comment what youtubers
you want to see on the team next time in
the comments section below I'll see you
then peace
