hello is this Burger ki yo can I get a
Big Mac I got it sometimes you just got
to take it to the next level your cool
friend tell her you don't like her
haircut
hey babe hey babe um I don't like your
haircut so I'm breaking up with you long
this is my mom do a chill tell it tell
her you didn't clean your room hello
mama
yeah mama I'm just calling to let you
know I converted so no longer whistling
I don't love you and daddys cheating on
you and fuck man come on man it's not
that hard no it is look I want to get my
grandpa great but he passed away last
week damn I wish he didn't die so we cap
wrinkled I know
oh my go to the bathroom you clean that
up dude I got somebody really great all
my phone just died I'm gonna use your
phone okay yeah that's the wrong but you
have my girlfriend's number I don't know
maybe possibly your girlfriend this is
gonna be so good she's so dumb there's
no idea daddy
how's the how's it going over there
there's a good man to shoot you get her
hey hey what's up man honey the turn the
whole thing that whole I'm so pissed off
right now oh my god
she called me daddy she hasn't called me
daddy in three years since we started
dating you know maybe you know why she
called me daddy right yeah because she
is dating the star linebacker at USC who
just happens to be so perfect and his
physique is so godly kind of like
Cristiano Ronaldo to the point where she
feels the need to call him daddy and to
make me feel better because she knows
I'm not just Ronna Ronaldo she has me
daddy
sure have you ever had a girl call you
daddy what me one time one time a little
girl she met up to me at Disneyland and
she was like excuse me are you my daddy
and I looked at her and I said oh I got
lucky one time and I was dating a Puerto
Rican and she called me papi I thank God
for a whole week but what's daddy daddy
you know what I'm gonna go to our house
right now right now i'ma walk right into
your front door kick your door down
there but then I I'm saying daddy's
breaking up with you right now oh man
you look at her and you say I'm out I'm
out
don't know why you kissed me but okay
I'll see you later
why are you doing Yussef almost found
out what are you gonna tell next huh
what are you gonna tell them next that I
use this loofah what do you that I have
like a weird little mold by my butt and
I where just move out there huh what are
you gonna do you told I use his
toothbrush he's not around where got my
keys I was lucky one time when I dated a
Puerto Rican and she called me papi papi
yeah that horn
