good morning to the best family on you -
totally forgot I wasn't on my vlog
Channel so let me do the fouseytube
intro what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube right what's that
everybody so this is basically uh
welcome to fouseytube 2016 video this
video also happens to be on my birthday
hey the reason I am filming this on my
birthday is because today you guys hit 8
million subscribers I still can't fathom
that number and I still do not have a
proper way to thank you guys but thank
you guys so much for continuously
supporting my videos my content my
entertainment and just me as an
entertainer 2016 is going to be a crazy
year on fouseytube
it's gonna be full of collaborations
something I haven't done in the past
my typical upload days will be Sunday
and you can expect all kinds of videos I
will also spend this year doing a world
tour with one of my very good best
friends Roman Atwood now for the main
reason I'm making this video today if
you'd allow me I'd like to tell you a
quick story it's a story I've told many
many many times in my career but it can
never get old to me and I've never
shared it personally with my fouseytube
audience I usually do all the
sentimental stuff on my vlog channel
dohsa fousey but i want to sit here and
connect with you guys for a second when
i started my youtube channel i was a
theater arts major at San Jose State
University for ours a theater arts major
I was a business marketing major I was
working two jobs and I was struggling
and I
didn't know what I was doing in life I
was partying all day I was showing up to
work late I was missing class and I was
just a complete mess one day I woke up
and decided you know what I want to
fulfill my dreams I want to follow my
dreams so I changed to a theater arts
major that's where I got my theater
background I've been acting since I was
a kid and it's something that I've
always liked to do so to finally get a
traditional background in learning about
you know acting in the arts was amazing
to me I remember sitting in class
looking around with other students some
brilliant actors mind you one day the
student who one actor of the year from
the previous year came to visit us
naively I expected to him to be starring
in some Hollywood movies be on TV shows
and you know all the good stuff that
Hollywood promises when he told us what
he was doing after college my heart sank
the reason it sank is because I come
from a traditional background Middle
Eastern parents my oldest brother's a
doctor my sister's a lawyer my other
brother's a doctor now you have the
youngest child who wants to be an actor
I was worried that I was going to be a
failure to my family and the standards
that they had set up for me now it was
okay for me because it was my dream of
my passion I've always wanted to act but
what was I going to say to my parents
who trusted me to change my major to be
an actor I went up to my mom and I asked
her for a favor
I tried applying for a credit card at
the time but I kept getting rejected so
I asked my mom to buy me my first camera
and my first laptop I promised her I
would pay her back with that camera with
that laptop on March 25th of 2011
I created youtube.com backslash
fouseytube
the day I created that YouTube channel I
had a vision I had a passion I knew what
I wanted I knew the audience I wanted to
reach I knew what I was destined to do I
went into the dean's office of my
University for my department and I told
her I had created a YouTube channel she
immediately got angry and asked me why I
said because Hollywood is never gonna
take me seriously if I just graduate
move to LA and try to become an actor so
I'm gonna pay my own Lane I'm gonna
garnish the audience I'm gonna create
entertainment I'm gonna entertain the
masses worldwide I'm gonna have millions
of subscribers and with that and their
support I'm going to go to the Hollywood
directors and say hey look at me put me
in your movie I can act and I have all
this support she looked at me dead in
the eye and said this is the worst
decision you can ever make in your
career cuz nobody's gonna take you
seriously granted that's because my
first video was dancing in an Apple
store she said nobody's gonna cast the
guy who dances in the Apple store when I
walked into the green room that day as I
was turning in I heard all the fellow
actors laughing at me hey did you see
his YouTube channel you see him dancing
the Apple store no one believed in me
and they all thought I was making the
biggest mistake of my career a couple of
months into my youtube career there was
a day in class where we were showing our
films to the class I rose my hand to the
Dean who was also a professor at the
University and asked her if I can show
one of my youtube videos the class
immediately laughed at me and she said
no that is not a film that is not art
we're here making films not YouTube
videos I expressed to her that it was
art and it was my way of showing my art
and my creativity but I just happened to
put on youtube for the world to see
because at that time I was doing skits
and acting videos me and her got in a
huge fight in front of the classroom I
got up and I walked out of the class the
next semester at college I got into my
local newspaper for being an
up-and-coming YouTube sensation the
first day of classes the next semester
the Dean of the department walked into
the class that I was in stopped the
whole class to say hey guys I just want
to give a big congratulations to use of
Eric hat I supported him from Dave
his decision to make a YouTube channel
what he is showing us is that you have
to make your own path and part of your
own way to make it into the industry and
there's nothing wrong with that and she
gave me a round of applause she put my
newspaper on the board for everybody to
see
when I graduated from San Jose State
University I was awarded actor a fee
here after everybody laughed at me and
mocked me for making a youtube channel
during the time I was doing skits on my
youtube channel I was dressing up as my
mom my dad my sister my brother and I
was doing middle-eastern skits mothers
have an intuition and my mother the day
before I started my youtube channel came
into my room and looked at me in the eye
and said no matter how big you get on
fouseytube we're gonna graduate from
college she knew I wanted to move to LA
but she said it wasn't allowed until I
graduated so what did I do I graduated I
packed my bags and I moved to Los
Angeles upon moving to Los Angeles you
know I tried doing my skits out there
being alone but I was failing I didn't
know what to do I to have a team around
me I then shifted my vision and started
doing pranks and social experiments and
that's where a lot of you come into the
story I had fun I did pranks I did
social experiments I did all that good
stuff and it was a great time and a
great run with you guys to support last
year we won Streamy show of the year on
vh1 and that's all thanks to you guys
now I'm not going to talk about all the
glitz and glamour and the accolades that
I have you know garnished throughout all
of this because there's one reason I'm
making this video and I'm about to
express it with you I've always wanted
to be an actor I want to be an actor I
want to show people that I can act
outside of YouTube comedy skits you know
I can actually at the end of 2015 I'm
chilling at home one day when I was
going through one of my rough patches
you know down in the dumps confused
about the direction that I want to take
my life into my career in when my phone
rings it was my agent my agent told me
that something that has never happened
before happened Tyler Perry called my
agent directly and requested to speak
with me my agent thought it was a prank
but he gave me the number at Tyler Perry
and said call him he wants to speak with
you
I called thinking it was a
so I answered the phone hello it's me
how can I help you and sure enough it
was Tyler Perry he told me he loved the
prank videos and said that I put a
genuine smile on his face that was the
most uplifting thing that I could ever
hear and it's exactly what I needed to
hear at the time because it was just a
reminder of what my videos can do for
millions of people around the world let
alone someone like Tyler Perry as weeks
went by I got a call from Tyler and he
asked me if I wanted to star in one of
his movies soon enough everything just
became full circle and of course I
agreed to do the role he casted me as
Jonathan the president of the fraternity
and his upcoming movie Tyler Perry's boo
a Madea Halloween which comes out in
theaters October 21st I just got done
filming a crazy hectic super fast film
shoot but I cannot wait for you guys to
see it but this video is not to express
to you guys that my movie is coming out
and I'm gonna get my theatrical debut
there's something bigger that I want to
express in this video and if you made it
this far I can't wait to share this with
you today is January 22nd 2016 I have an
email on my phone and this gets me
sentimental for my mom On January 22nd
2013 at 11:25 a.m. titled happy birthday
in the email she says Habibi Yusuf which
means my love Yusuf have fun and enjoy
your day to the fullest on this day 23
years ago I was so anxious to give birth
and get done with it I remember I have
prayed to God and asked for help and
promised those who leave last time maybe
I was not excited back then to have my
birthday but I am sure now that you were
a blessing from God I do not know what I
would be doing without having you
especially when all your siblings left
home and I was quite young I do cherish
having you as my baby my companion my
teaser and my joy I wish you all the
best in religion health and career and
the part that breaks my heart is my mom
at the end of that email said love mama
PS just make sure to become famous while
I am still young so I can walk the red
carpet with you now I'm not making this
very
to say hey look I'm famous by any means
but my mom sent me that in 2013 and I
saved it and I read it so much because I
wanted it to come true so badly so
outside of the movie and being casted
and acting and fulfilling my dreams this
year I'll be mocking I'll be walking my
mom down the red carpet and the
fulfillment of that joy to accomplish my
mother's dream for me makes me so
thankful for you guys and all you have
done for my life so many of you support
me day in and out and I can never repay
you for what you have done for me my mom
still doesn't know that she's gonna walk
me down a red carpet so I'm gonna call
her right now and tell her and get a
reaction this is all thanks to you guys
I had to compose myself where I called
because my mom's never heard me crying
directly to her and I didn't want to cry
on the phone with her but I'm calling
her right now
hi mama thank you mama keep it no Alicia
I've been home all day okay I'm gonna go
out later I'm gonna go ahead I'm gonna
go to the gym and then I'll go out oh I
know it's okay whatever you wanna do I
wish I was there I got you know
in no time I know bhisma mom i want to
share something with you in 2013 you
sent me an email but ice that I saved
and at the end of the email it says love
mama PS just make sure to become famous
while I am still young so I can walk the
red carpet with you well the movie that
I'm doing this year that you know about
there's a red carpet in September and
then you're gonna be my guest for it
yeah I found out there's a red carpet
for it in Los Angeles
remember I'm from now I look for
something to wear yeah same I said and
every movie in theaters has a red carpet
Wow
I hope I'd be lucky enough to live to
that time you sent me the email On
January 22nd 2013 yes and now it's
almost gonna be permanent and number 216
yeah exactly
but way to telecommute coming into the
the thing okay Wow Michelle Michelle my
momma I love you so much there Bobby I
love you too mama
this video was more so for me
accomplishing this and I just wanted to
share with you guys just to show you
that this is what I'm passionate about
and this is what I love and I've waited
three years to be able to call my mom
and share that news were there so thank
you guys like honestly outside of
YouTube and subscribers and you know
everything it comes with whoever is
watching this personally as a person no
matter what country you're in
thank you so much so much for supporting
me and I know I make I hide things up
and I make big deals out of small things
but I'm just so grateful and so creative
so thank you so much for all the support
you have given me and I can't wait to
make you guys proud this year with a so
much more I can't even talk thank you so
much and I'll see you next time for a
new video peace
