what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube growing up one of my favorite
shows was MTV's pimp my ride with X to
the Z exhibit who would have known that
so many years later and Here I am at
West Coast Customs pimpin my ride
throughout the years I've owned a Honda
Accord a g37 a couple of infinities but
now I own a BMW 435i
my goal for next year is to own my very
first Lamborghini but until then I
wanted to have fun with what I got so I
decided to turn my 435 by and Tolle
one-of-a-kind vof mobile this car is
inspired by the one and only best family
on YouTube the dof rub rusts the color
for the car emulates my favorite
colorway for any air jordan and any nike
of this foamposite right here these are
all my favorite colors blended into one
so I handed this shoe to West Coast
Customs and I said make my car be like
the shoe let's find out how they did oh
good to see you I'm excited
are you baby yeah this was like one of
those challenges you know cuz I know
that the fans are kind of like eager
going on yeah what's going on and I
didn't want to rush it but at the same
time we wanted it you know kind of
throwing a couple little extra little
things look I came prepared oh I see now
with an inspiration there's part off of
these actually it's my favorite color
way so nice it turned out I think you
know loved it but we really wanted to
make sure that his fans were part of the
build and part of those final products
and that really came across with subtle
changes that we did to it not only did
we add wheels and tires we lowered the
car as well we did a full tune on it so
this thing is like a rocketship when you
look at it it doesn't look like there's
much to it but it's actually a seamless
design all the way around the car and
Yusuf's initial idea was to have a snow
camel but we wanted to kind of go with
something a little bit more updated
something that maybe you haven't seen
before we added custom wheels custom
tires and we added tire stickers to the
car so it actually shows his fans their
sayings what he calls them that's on the
outside of the car now when you see it
drive down the street when you see it
parked at a parking lot you can take
photos of it and it really touches home
with this fan so you could pretty much
throw anything out of car but if it
doesn't make sense and it doesn't fit
together you're going to ruin it this
car when you look at it it's complete
there's nothing else you could do to it
to make it look better it's a
one-of-a-kind fouseytube dof car I see
the hood that's Garrett that scares me a
little bit it was working out when you
were good it looks like it looks like he
matured is it a here is she
I would say this is a he it was a he
before so is it still a he yeah no
sometimes well sure I think more older
okay you know he's a gentleman now okay
is he gonna get me in trouble on the
streets probably a little bit but not in
a bad way I think in a good way you know
a lot of he is definitely gonna it's
gonna make you look we sometimes call
these you know people say oh it makes
you turn your neck or whatever I call
neck breakers oh you know it's like
people like what is though just and
hopefully pull a lot of girls love in my
car when I pull up to earth I think
definitely definitely definitely
you ready see it I mean you see the
shape right it's got a little bit a
little bit of curve yeah okay okay let's
see all right guys pull it off ready
yeah
that is nasty oh I wasn't ready I think
something's coming out of my legs oh my
goodness oh no oh like I didn't
want to drive this no more this should
just be here right here right oh man
that is oh I gotta I gotta give me that
I gotta give you look for that that is
insane
this is something that's unique and it's
gonna make everybody say WOW oh how
about what's gonna make my dad cussed me
out to make my mom cuss me out it's
finally gonna get me my first girlfriend
in like 15 years oh my god the tires the
rims the wrap the light the hood did you
see what we put on there you didn't even
know about the carbon fiber here
no no I've noticed that on the back end
that is clean and that's why we figured
you know what the carbon fiber hood
should stay carbon fiber oh if you wrap
carbon fiber hood it just doesn't then
why do you have a carbon fiber hood it's
like it's going fat I'm just sitting
there it looks like a race book that is
wait till you hear it
wait really wait can we do that oh yeah
you got it you got to show me off so I
just turn it on yeah just on oh my god
give it some gas
give a remote for your exhaust whose
rattling sub-2 your phone
oh my god you guys are spiritual workers
you know I thank you guys man this is
incredible
thank you turned out really good we're
really proud of it
thank you I don't want to die it imma
leave it here I cannot believe what they
did to the car like this exceeded my
expectations beyond all levels like I
just want to go drive it now I just want
to push it and ha I'm so thankful and if
you guys ever see me on the streets make
sure to say Lissa
these guys want to see behind the scenes
more shots of the car more of my
reactions hop on over to my daily vlog
channel dosa fousey or click the link in
the description below
