and the winner is
so I'm in VidCon right now and it was
exactly like how I anticipated it to be
a bunch of people who don't know what
the hell I am I wish you guys were here
man what an enemy has come to these
things I'm whispering because I don't
know but I wish you guys came to these
things I don't feel so alone here and
stuff thank you you know pussy tubers
here you guys know who we're from you
see too busy here no pussy - yeah
you know our pussy tube is
my ego was shattered enough for one day
at VidCon he's my cousin just tell us
are you here to see pussy - yeah what
would you have UCP news videos a couple
whatever you seen before I think picture
that I'm asking something what is my
youtube channel Lucy - OH
I'm so pissed because look at these
dopes cards my goal was for it to say 3
million by VidCon but as you can see if
it focuses it says 2.8 million yeah it's
all good looks really good fun we're
going to get in if we come next year
it's going to say six we come next year
it's going to say six we come next year
it's going to say six we come next year
is going to say six
you
yeah
when I say greed you say t3 I say bro
you say bro and I was like yo imagine
cuz it's gonna be on vh1 this year just
imagine this guys you watching vh1 they
announce first of all I'm gonna suit
Ally's on a suit or on camera they
announce fouseytube do you know how hype
I'll go on national television and we go
on stage I'm like literally I told her
imagine we go on stage we're accepting
the award and you guys are taking
pictures of the TV how big of a moment
that'll be for the brothers guys I mean
I chose to do YouTube as a theater arts
major and against everybody's wishes and
against everybody's wills I decided to
start you two from this from scratch
from zero subscribers nobody knew me
nobody gave a shit about me
I invested every single second of every
single day to my youtube channel this
shit that nobody saw I sent it to every
single person on my friends request and
I am day in and out I went out on the
streets and publicized my channel
every single person I saw I believed in
it I celebrated when I had a hundred
subscribers 200 subscribers a thousand
subscribers 10,000 subscribers I cried
my eyes out a hundred thousand
subscribers I grinded my ass off 2
million subscribers I pooped everybody
want for two million three million four
million five million I mean do we have
right now almost seven almost seven user
rubber this booty too was nominated for
prank channel of the year and I was
super happy and humbled by it and I was
like super proud and I was like whether
I win or lose you know I'm still happy
for it we just got notified by the
streams
do anything you see - is nominated for
show channel of the year the biggest
award of the night and my fetish heat
biggest or you can get so not only as a
nominated for Frank town of the year but
whose - as a whole is nominated for
channel of the year and it took five
years for something like this to happen
and I always wondered why I didn't get
the recognition I thought I deserved and
all this stuff and Here I am out and a
humbled and climate to announce that has
got the recognition it deserves and it's
all thanks to you guys and no matter
what happens I will be at the streamys
in his suit and hook try to go in for
you in City and I am timid and my mom
and my dad and every single person who
has believed and supported and hoozy do
I know I'm the most crying - we're out
there bottom care this has been my
passion from the beginning a lot of
people are in YouTube for whatever
reasons I do it because I love it I do
it cuz I've always loved it and I work
so damn hard whether you see it or not
every single video no matter who thinks
Pinsir funny or not funny this is my
heart this is my passion and thanks to
you guys I'm going to be in the audience
on vh1 running for channel of the year
greetings youtube you don't know me I
don't know me it is an army she doesn't
know me but trust me you will know me
what - pussy - I want to go from a
nobody
like - no but I am today because I don't
know who I am I'm sure you don't know
who I am
- or somebody you know so that like like
a Timothy DeLaGhetto or Fahim Anwar or
make sure the TV
Rooster Teeth
10 3
the winner is Lucy to
oh my god I'm shaking
I want to thank God I want to thank my
theater arts major Dean who told me
making a youtube channel was the worst
mistake I'll ever make in my acting
career I want to thank the best family
on YouTube that deal with rubberised my
mom for buying me my first camera and I
want to dedicate this award to every kid
out there was a mental illness I have
bipolar depression and I was in rehab
for an addiction and it told me to stop
every day but I kept fighting and he
told me that I was worthless but I never
gave up and Here I am accepting this
award I love you and if you haven't
realized by now I'm running for
president in 2020 what's up Kanye
thank you guys so much for being one of
the seven million subscribers on this
channel it is a great honor and joy for
me to make videos for you guys week to
week thank you for all your positive
comments for all the thumbs up and for
all the shares you have done throughout
the years I will never be able to say
thank you so all I can do is keep
producing content for you guys I want to
give a big special thank you for my dose
of pussy bruh bruh those are the
subscribers to my daily vlog channel
because of them voting tirelessly
staying positive and keeping me
motivated and pushing we were able to
take home one of the highest honors of
the night at vh1 Streamy Awards where
fouseytube one show of the year so a big
THANK YOU to you guys I love you guys so
much I hope you guys stay with us so we
reach 8 million 9 million 10 million
subscribers I love you and until then
I'll see you next time right
