whatever buddy and welcome to fouseytube
so I'm apparently staying at my friend
Roman Atwoods house so I'm teaming up
with his girlfriend Brittany you seem so
nervous and we're gonna prank it when he
comes home he's gonna find me standing
here taking creepy pictures of her she's
in the shower oh he doesn't know is
she's not even naked
you ready yeah here we go
you get alright what's up what are you
doing what are you doing I was
pretending to take a snapchat for Easter
gala our snapchat Oh like I'm making a
picture is Brooke she's out there what
what are you doing yeah no you're not
come on you guys nothing this cloud uh I
was just thinking of like what are you
doing in the shower why why are you in
the shower he's taking beige nothing
nothing busy not missing in here taking
the photos I really I wasn't he's
totally lying
wait it's a talking watch then yes
you're breaking me you're pranking I
don't know it's cool
what are you doing in my room I well I
came in just to say hi to him you know
he was in here give me your phone I'm he
says nothing I know it's a joke give me
her there's nothing I wasn't in your
corner taking photo I wasn't in there
stop let's just talk about this after
please why mess up I'm sorry to get loud
at you want me to your phone there's
nothing else there's none okay there's
something I have a past bothering my
battery's dead I wasn't even doing
anything there tell me you're serious
I'm serious
in the shower I know he was in you know
I know I need food in here I swear what
is going on dude you're in my house like
I want to just assume this is joke but
she's freaking me out
just show me your phone and I'll know
attention or not what were you in here
listen why were you in here I'm I was
taking pictures are you crying I was
taking pictures of what I'm sorry are
you talking
well I'm not gonna show you picture let
me just just stop are you guys okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry
listen I'm not gonna show you my all to
meet them hello talk about all wrong I
messed up I messed up girlfriends crying
is not okay no I'm not enjoy I'm sorry
I'll leave home to LA right now that's
fine but let me just go oh there's no
way are you serious I want to kick you
sword here show me your fun gruffly
there's nothing on the phone there's
nothing pretty guy yo there's nothing on
not even 30 minutes I did not my heart
you said you're going back that way like
he's enough to break each other right
now
no can right here you guys are wicked
evil people like clothes on man look I
never do that wrong thank you guys so
much for watching if you want to see a
full behind-the-scenes and what we did
all day fire to the prank check my vlog
channel the link is in the description
below and just to say sorry
Wow there is no way that was almost too
easy now I feel like you guys are
pranking me look at your smile
there's no way
