what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube so over this past weekend me
and my best friend / manager semi went
to playlist live DC in my blogs I showed
that they accidentally gave us one room
and one bed so Cindy came with me for
the first time to a convention and
usually would be like ally or something
and they gave us one bed so we got we
got an issue means to me refused to
share that bed because the comments on
my blogs every day are about me and
Cindy sleeping together and us being in
love with each other even though that's
not the case I just woke up out of my
nap and it is 11:30 p.m. and I'm gonna
call her and tell her to come over
because I have to talk to her about
something when she gets here I'm gonna
confess something that's been burning in
my chest for ages is breaker because I'm
bored here we go hey girl
what are you doing okay I just woke up
but I'm stressing out about all the
stuff we have to do this week so can you
come over yeah yeah yeah okay hi Susan
perfect all right I'm gonna set up the
camera right here and then I'm gonna
have her sit right here and it's about
to go down
sorry Sam I love you okay one second
all right min hey girl I'm stressing the
hello what because you like the boxers
nice box so you want a minute tomorrow
are you down children now yeah yeah yeah
what do I do
Netflix are you down yeah would you
watch I have to talk about something
I've been lying this whole time strictly
professional the comments have been
getting to me okay no I knew that was
gonna backfire I know they were gonna
get mad at them talking about comments
and dose of pussy about being you love
you I love you but yeah but the ones
about you he's got why why not yeah
every night I lay in bed you text me do
I need anything for tomorrow and I want
to text you back and you like come over
bail only
me yeah
yeah look every guy knows that when you
listen to The Weekender Drake the first
girl that comes to mind is the girl that
you were like the tractor to I'd
watching someone close my eyes I just
saw you you look at that right here no I
just closed my eyes and just saw you I
could see anybody I could have saw Kylie
Jenner I saw you I'm gonna play watch I
blew up the weekend which is what I
what I've been trying to like not talk
about it but I mean I think the same way
I mean the common good to me too like
they get you mad yeah they actually get
to meeting with you get to you can I do
that like off the records be honest oh
you're saying you feel the same way yeah
I mean I've been like you like I mean we
were keeping a professional oh boy I
don't think you want that saying I know
what I want I don't think you want that
I've been funnier for like mine really
yeah Sam hold up before you go any
further I was gonna pull this out have
it staffs under my couch for moments
like these I was gonna pull this out and
let you know
but then what you don't want to do this
I promise
then you don't sin you don't fuck dogs
mean cock bar close up since you don't
want to do this don't move the pillow
please don't get away simply wait boys
in this way I'll take if miss you and
say you know you wanted to practice safe
sex with somebody that I support it and
they believe it thin you don't agree
bitch I got room because I saw your
stupid ass camera so outta here what
everybody and welcome to pussy - it's
your ghost in me see it when I when I
walked in use it ever since you guys got
me with that prank I don't mess with you
guys anymore no I don't like no no no no
no like I can't post this oh yeah John
Cena yeah okay we'll give me a hug guys
I try I try I hope you enjoy this am i
still uploaded I hope you enjoyed this
one up up of me just drawing
to prank on houses board feel free to
give it a thumbs up and hop on over to
dose of pussy for my daily fun see you
guys next time I am I love you soon
oh my god that was good I was good
