I'm most excited by getting my life back
to understand where I'm at you have to
understand where I started from a couple
of years ago I was in the best shape of
my life
mentally physically and spiritually I
lived at home with my parents which
means I came home to home-cooked meals
and a clean bed and most importantly a
supportive and loving system around me
it wasn't until I moved to LA where
everything went downhill I was working
hard to reach my first million
subscribers I was filming all day
editing all night and using food as my
support system there was no love around
me and there was no love inside me worst
of all my bipolar got worse my
depression got worse and my addiction
got worse I was losing myself I I don't
like like grabbing this and doing this
like you should not see that shape you
should not see that shake and like it's
bad I just I'm not happy with this like
there's no other way to put it I can't
wait to be able to do that and just have
like a 8 pack just raging at you where
you gonna look like look at me and go
like yo what is he on and I'd be like
I'm not on anything
I just I'm a beast I was tired of
self-medicating to make myself feel
better I wanted to stop I wanted to
change I wanted to get off my medication
so I checked myself into rehab and I
started changing my life
I wanted to love myself again I wanted
to respect myself again
I wanted to remember who I was who I was
when I started and where I came from
my double chin used to be like out to
here and I used to not have a neck I
have a neck now I'm starting to have a
jawline like Zac Efron
I have biceps like I'm looking good it
doesn't matter how hard you fall in it
doesn't matter how badly you hit the
ground it's never too late to get up
it's never too late to start fighting
for what's yours fighting for what's
right the ability to love yourself the
ability to respect yourself the ability
to look in the mirror and appreciate who
you are inside and outside all you have
in this world is your happiness and you
cannot let that go you have to remember
who you are you have to remember where
you came from you have to remember that
you're in love
thank you one change right you said you
wanted the body you've always imagined
right
what are you doing waiting for it change
doesn't come overnight change doesn't
come knocking on your door get up and
decide to be successful get up and do
what it takes to reach your goal chase
your dreams fight for yourself fight for
your right to live your dreams stay in
and out you gotta train your mind and
allow your body to follow this wasn't
easy
this was not easy but this was sure as
hell worth it
you got what it takes you got what it
takes to be the Beast that lives within
you need to unleash it you need to
unleash it and start living your dreams
start being that you you want it to be
your whole life fight for your happiness
fight for your happiness
you
