so with Justine butterfly issue boy
Teemo Dasha so today me and Ben you know
decided to go out on the street and look
for Yusuf and man can we have an episode
for you tomorrow we captured this
special moment and we thought we had to
share it with you so Yusuf this is from
me Daniela and the whole team but of
life to you
so the theme butterfly show this video
some love thumbs up and here is a sneak
peek from day 33 right here we're
looking for you too he's not answering
back hey what's up my man how you doing
man good
can we get it on a special dedication
just like say where are you used to just
freestyle with that where are you
useless Yusuf where are you he's gone
missing we were looking for our friend
Yusuf and he's just gone
ah
ah
Oh
and the black bam you look ready black
guy music background the article great a
black guy music background y'all
