what everybody and welcome to fouseytube
so I put up an ad online for free
personal training sessions during the
sessions I'm gonna be an obnoxious
douchebag who just so happens to a lot
hope you enjoy look right now you're at
like a Conan O'Brien but I want to turn
that into a Jen Selter I know you're mad
alright
there's sagging there's nagging oh man
that's why I'm here you got what it
takes
okay got what it takes bring it down who
do you guys want to be Beyonce or Nicki
Minaj
wrong when you're at the club and a guy
staring at you I want him to tap his boy
and say damn she has that Nicki honor
okay not Beyonce you have a choice in
life are you Venus are you Serena nobody
wants to be Serena right right right
okay so I want you to swing this like
you mean it at my abs go harder okay I
think I shard it a bit get close ready
push my bag down a little I'm sorry
it's beans my mom makes beans with a lot
of beans in her food
what's that I'm so sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry
I wondered give me a - give me a three
give me a bowl give me a pie what wait
why are you worried about my farts when
usual - you trying to stop the Saturday
this is the Nicki Minaj anaconda workout
plan knees hands and strut and strut and
strut and strut work work work work work
one two three four
what yep you cannot tell me you not know
you're doing that this is it not
rancid what is look you talk about the
farts yes I'm talking about before are
you kidding I drink a lot of protein
what do you expect
come on I'm sorry I'm it's natural you
don't fart and twerk and toy
enter you good what are you yes okay and
I go up I want to like go over your head
a little bit so oh oh shit I'm sorry I'm
sorry
come on come on it's a fart machine I
couldn't break up the gamma right there
look here I go okay so you go up and
then just oh here comes oh I'm sorry
thank you guys so much for watching if
you guys a lot more fouseytube I post
daily vlogs on my second channel dosa
fousey I really hope you enjoyed this
prank and if you want to see more gym
related pranks please give this video a
big thumbs up see you next time
you
listing for personal training sessions
and asking people if they need personal
training for the cheap like super super
cheap we got a ton of submission
