what's that Xavier you don't know me but
you're about to know me because I'm the
dude whose girl you've been messing with
on the side you're talking about oh yo
my girls been texting every single night
late at night and I know it's been you
Maria she looked brown hair brunette
five-foot-seven
that's my girl bro huh what's your name
papi chulo that's what she calls me
that's all that matters yeah yeah yeah
you don't count you're on camera you're
on camera you're on camera you're on
camera what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube
today I'm at the beautiful LACMA lights
I'm gonna use instagrams geo tag feature
to find people in the area who have
girlfriends when I creep their page I'm
gonna find out their girlfriend's name
and what she looks like I'm gonna go up
to the guy and tell him that I'm the guy
she's been sleeping with hopefully they
don't get too mad ah slept Shawn I don't
know how to tell you this I'm just gonna
tell you and be a man about it
I'm sleeping with your girl amber I'm
sleeping with your girl I'm not lying I
was with her - you just got yourself in
sgt that's who she was cheating on me
with this is this is where she was worth
doing it she had the Palestinian styling
in her life and she with you Xuan 1982
Rick James your Mike right you're
sleeping with my woman Lindsay you're
sleeping with my woman Lindsay Lindsay
Lindsay Colin my Lindsay
my Lindsay cousin a Palestinian spelling
that's the name
what's she home last night was she home
last night was she home last night
you're gonna tell me you told me she was
with you right here dog Aladdin Aladdin
in the flesh I took her on a magic
carpet ride not come here bro what's up
or what or what Thor or what Thor huh
she's only a booty call it's a bootie
call ours I know excuse me can you take
a picture of me by this sculpture here
thank you
I'm gonna send it to my girl Brittany
Gonzalez what I know who you are Brad
how you know me cuz I seen you on my
girls Instagram yeah my girl Brittany
how you know my girl though because
she's been on my house every night
because she's been at my house every
night what's up brother spill right here
nice this we were here was I know my
girl because I like that but I like the
brown hair that she has I like I like it
was excuse me he's trying to provoke
things just because he's dating my
girlfriend and I'm not too happy about
that she's my girl but he's over here
thinking it's his girlfriend
you better walk away yo Miranda told me
to tell you that it's over I'm her
boyfriend she told me to tell you that
it's over all these side creepin games
and stuff she's cool off you huh yeah
she did
where was she last night uh she was with
you who are you who is she texting cuz
what you want to do what you want to do
I know you Jitsu cuz you got scared you
flinched yeah I'm filming you for a
prank right now I don't even know your
girl look right there
I just keep your Instagram fine lady
take a picture here you call me like a
races there's only come on dog come here
come here the Christian is in charge of
finding the people to prank so he's
searching for people right now he like
walks around
