recently I've been pranked by a lot of
my friends so I put a list together of
those who I was gonna get back we're
starting off the prank wars with my good
friend Dietrich from the Dominick show
he held Ryan aka nigahiga pull a prank
on me over on Ryan's Channel and I told
him I was gonna get him back too
recently I tried to use hot pepper
extract with 9 million Scoville units to
prank my friend Ollie but he reversed it
on me unfortunately there was no audio
so you couldn't see how much agony mean
my friend Alex wasabi were in that's why
I'm a redo the prank on V tricks so you
guys can hear him and see him squirming
and crying in pain I invited him over to
my house to have a falafel eating
contest what he doesn't know is every
single falafel of his is gonna be
drenched in the hot pepper extract don't
ever think you can prank me and me not
get you back that the prank wars begin
what up everybody sit with you boy you
see to me and my boy d-trix they are
about to do a flaccid eating contest
we both have 20 on our plates the
objective is to see who commute the
fastest but there's a little catch if
one of the contestants needs water we
have to use one of these tiny cups and
we have to battle
to use the sink three two one go it was
at this moment
James and anybody else with other
friends me from the past see this face
this is a face that you're gonna face
more than anything my heart hurts right
now thank you guys so much for watching
another addition to in my throne right
now that's one victim down got a bunch
more to go give it a thumbs up and
comment down below who you want to see
me get next thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed seeing him
suffer almost as much as I did if you
want to see a full behind-the-scenes on
how we pulled off the prank hop on over
to my second channel dose of fousey or
check the link in the description below
also if you want to see me continue the
prank war and get ryan higa i'll evil
ooch Simmi Singh and James E Mooney all
people are pranked me in the past give
this video a big thumbs up thank you and
I'll see you tomorrow on my daily vlog
channel peace
