how about I help you out today looks
like you need it song yeah you prick
you're gonna take my money then call me
a break
what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube for those of you new to this
channel my name is Yousef and I go by
fouseytube on YouTube week to week I
like to post either a prank or a social
experiment and love to get the
conversation going
last week I uploaded an experiment
entitled it how would you react if a
homeless man offered you money all of
your reactions were all over the place
to the video so I figured I'd keep the
conversation going by uploading a
reaction that I held back in the
original video this is the reaction to
the gentleman who called me a prick now
there might be different circumstances
as to why he reacted the way he did one
being when I handed him the money I
chose to say it looks like you need it
whatever the reason was here's the clip
I want you guys to comment in the
comment section below and let me know
how you feel about how he reacted why
you think you reacted the way he did and
also how would you react if you were in
the situation that he was in lastly if
you'd like to see me carry out this
experiment in other cities or other
countries to see how they would react
give this video a big thumbs up and let
me know where in the comments section
below thank you guys so much I'll see
you guys next time and in the meantime
if you want to stop on over to my second
channel where I post daily videos go
ahead on hop on over the link is in the
description below bye you're going to
take my money then call me a break
yeah how are you gonna are you gonna
call me a prick when you take my money
get a job bro I don't need a job of not
homeless I just needed to I wanted to
give you some money and give back and I
was recording it just to see what you
would do yeah do you ever give money to
the homeless yeah okay so what if a
homeless is trying to get back money to
you what's wrong with that no man I just
say get a real job bro get a real job
didn't you just take my ten dollars yeah
man thanks bro do you want it back man
no don't get about the ten dollars but
don't call me a prick when I'm over here
giving you the money have fun with that
ten dollars god bless - I'm not gonna
call you a prick I'm gonna say god bless
now some book
