I'm legit nervous right now
yo sir sir I just want to be a helping
hand today
god bless God bless I'm just trying to
help out me money Russell I can buy you
in today's society it's socially
acceptable for the wealthy to give money
to the homeless is it acceptable because
it's one individual helping another or
because one individual is better than
the other so it's okay to help today I
want to flip the script and see what
happens
sir no I'm not I don't need your money
I'm trying to give you money I'm just
trying to help out today here you go
look I need your money got it here
wait wait sir sir I'm just trying to
help you out today I don't need a
missile I know you're I know you're in a
rush no no no I'm not trying to ask for
cash I'm trying to give you cash
look I'm broke as it is and the only way
for me to feel rich in this world is by
giving what I can so here you go I want
to lend a helping hand you know work and
make me feel rich for the day thank you
excuse me excuse me excuse me I want to
give this back to you but I want to
thank you so much for that you're on
camera right now
and I just want to thank you um I'm not
trying to see who would give me your
money or who would not but I'm just
showing that the only thing we have in
this world is to give to others so thank
you so much for that kind of god bless
okay well here here buy yourself
something nice today you can be funny
how about I help you out today looks
like you need it saw yeah you're gonna
take my money then call me a break
sir sir like my son says no one has ever
gotten poor by giving and I have all
that I need in life so I want to get
back god bless looks all you have it
yeah god bless sure yeah have a good day
what have a lucky - so much whatever
luck you're gonna give me that yeah oh
that didn't just go so positive Thank
You Man should I offer to pay the meter
sir sorry sir before you pay your meter
oh no I'm good man thank you
no look at my senses no one has ever
gotten poor from giving and I just wanna
get back to you oh okay
well let me give you something you see
that that's a Benz you gotta earn your
way up pal that was the most pretentious
thing I've heard today and I've been
doing this all day
c-class nice ro yo how much money you
got in your heart sounds like you're
pretty broke okay okay that's nice bro
that's nice it doesn't matter how much
money wrap doesn't matter what car you
drive it matters how humble you are in
your heart and you're not really humble
saying all that all right have a good
one bro keep keep walking keep walking
what ha ha ha Christian keep recording
the Cilicia what's that what keep
walking what's up
keep walking yeah that's a c-clip oh
that's so nice bro how much did you pay
for that about fifty thousand oh you got
money bro congratulations do need to
humble yourself man life isn't about
money bro I'm not even freakin homeless
I don't care what kind of car you drive
on care if you have a black card look
just keep moving honestly you don't want
it just keep walking I have a good day
all right I remember you Oh remember me
bro listen you're not gonna do shit to
me so just keep walking says who just
keep walking bro says who have a good
day all right have a good day have a
good day bro have a good day
ruin my whole frickin mood we're done
with this video let's go
