what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube
living in LA it's been a bit lonely I
don't really know what it takes to get a
girl's attention out here so I decided
to try a couple of different things
first a lot of girls love Disney
so I figured why not put on a shirt a
Mickey Mouse and try my look
didn't even look at me after that failed
I realized oh she doesn't know that I
have over a million subscribers on
YouTube so that's it let her know that I
have a million subscribers on YouTube
are you fricking kidding me
she didn't even let him work out so well
either but it was a bit better and then
it hit me when I was in kindergarten my
friend Ralph told me that girls love the
color red so the only thing left to do
is to put on a pair of Yeezy red
Octobers I feel I couldn't get her to
like me and I didn't have the confidence
to go up to her and just say hi my name
is hi - I remembered I had to do one
last thing for the day so I figured why
not do it while I walked right past
there and see what it does just picked
up my dog without even asking let's see
come your key no he doesn't he's cute
though he likes you he doesn't usually
let people pick him up he stays this
small tool
you should come play with them sometime
you're done when I get your number or
something thank you guys so much for
watching if you didn't already know this
is my 100th video on this channel it was
only right that it featured the love of
my life which is dollar over here if you
haven't ready go ahead and subscribe for
my new weekly videos give this video a
big thumbs up and hop on over to my vlog
channel to see more and this cute guy
right here right dollar give me kids
watch this part nasty
