what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube so recently me and my
cameraman had a bet I bet him that my
new gaming channel would hit a hundred
thousand subscribers first before my new
talk show channel the loser would get
shot with a paintball gun I want
everybody on my vlog channel started
calling me a cheater
because when the bed started the channel
already had 20,000 subscribers because
of that I told him he gets to shoot me
one time with a gun but I get to keep
shooting him what he doesn't know is
I'll be wearing a bulletproof vest to
protect myself from that one shot here
we go right you're ready for this you
better get blasted ready look I took the
big mask I'm only getting shot once I
gave him a duck shoot one two three hey
fishy so what Yusuf doesn't know is that
Chris should hit me up and told me that
uses wearing a bulletproof vest this guy
will do anything to win so I need a port
for Jane contry to convert so just serve
some justice it's not happening today
they're gonna Jam your gun and I'm gonna
come around the corner and shoot right
before you know your shoots me his gun
will Jam and Alvaro will just surf some
justice
Lucy style I know I'm switching this is
the one he just test-fired this is the
one that doesn't work I'm gonna give him
this one five steps and then we shoot
one two three four Jane
ha
you see what I'm up to buddy
this guy tells me you're wearing a
bulletproof vest oh yeah oh my god my
leg
wait so who set this up good old ollie
or something I hit him up the other day
I'm like yo you so set me up I need
backup
this ain't over I'm gonna get revenge
I'm her mom again oh I'm gonna get my
revenge something's up and loses revenge
love you guys peas
