wait little things like that like you
know let's treat me like a creator I
think you would rather be with us and
sleeping like in the bag then he would
bite himself right here a and B I think
if he gets up right now while we're gone
because of his anxiety of me leaving
he's gonna poop everywhere he sure
didn't when we gonna travel like we're
gonna well until he gets better
he's not he's not I don't think he he's
not ready yet until I like when his vet
opens up tomorrow I'm gonna take him
again and then I'm gonna let them see
him but for now like the second I get up
he's gonna come running to me because
he's gonna want to go like as tired as
he is he doesn't want to be alone muffin
doesn't either she'll start crying at
the door
so until we take them let's just have
him with us safely ready as soon as I
got up to know if I didn't look she
wanted to come if she even named olive
at all come on
bye guys bye one comes ago they'll say
wow they don't want to be left alone
right now
my first
every now yeah okay so when I got forgot
to put a lock on it when I left they put
a lock on it for me so they still have
the key there I haven't got the key yet
okay perfect what our family it's been a
second since we updated you guys with
what's going on so we're currently back
on the road today we're trying to make
things happen so we stopped by Aaron
storage unit because one of my boxes
might be with Aaron which might contain
my passport that's valid for ten years
and if that's the case we can get the
hell off the country because la is doing
none of us any good let's hope we find
there I know because you read we're not
going to find gold at the end of it we
might find a passport and what's up with
the dramatic doors in the numbers all
you don't to come out you can come out
with muffins out all right oh my hat my
Lion King blanket my actual stuff muffin
you I'm not gonna lie I'm gonna be 100%
honest seeing stuff like this like this
was my the love of my life for the first
three months right when I worked out
seeing dollars bald I got him excited
and out the bag like it's dead ass not
even lying like telling me like grab all
your stuff and go to Jersey just get out
of here
I'm just being honest with my emotions
and right now I'm like seeing you know
you see dollars you see dollars squishy
toy like this is his first toy since he
was a kid and now look at him it's like
when have you seen him run last it's
because he hasn't had a warder teen
because I've taken him out of that so I
feel like if I was in a home and I feel
like I'm being so irresponsible guys I'm
sorry
I'm packing stuff I don't have any
underwear I don't have any socks a bit
like I'm sick of this like straight up
so I'm taking a like at
underwear tank top something socks at
Lily's me ironing undo it
what about a tank top we know your
drinks in like designer clothing right
now and you're gonna tell me no my boots
don't even work do it look at that
there's missing from you know this is
how you would dress if you were like
living lavishly and cuz are more than
this smile more but how long have I been
wearing my Roman act with how long have
I been wearing this how long have I been
wearing this damn where do you want to
smell do I swear to god this is Danny
this was from last year when I was here
hmm from last year I don't care if it
was from the 70s you look amazing in it
and it looks like designer and chic I'm
wearing a tank top
okay I'm going crazy all right
I'm breaking down and I'm literally
mentally physically I'm breaking down
that is good before every big change of
breakdown has to happen I really had
that breakdown for the first three
months of this year I'm not supposed to
having another breakdown now can I have
that as a quote no because I I talked
about that that's how I got to this
point right I broke down for three
months positive butterfly came about I'm
having another breakdown it's good
because something big is around the
corner yeah me packing all my stuff and
moving I didn't take anything
oh you just change this I just change
this and put this hat on well we say you
can take boxers I don't wanna know well
we'll find a way to get boxes we'll get
people to get responses like we've given
people are going to give us that's just
the way it goes right now he's just like
really really is game to him look
I don't want to keep talking about
what's going on with me mentally right
now I'm like getting frustrated he's
like he's kind of lost he's like what
are we doing last night I had one of the
biggest mental breakdowns in my room by
myself
because I'm breaking down I don't know
what to do I'm lost I'm confused I'm
scared
you gotta always make sure that old
members of the team that stays on the
track and when somebody gets confused it
goes down you got to make sure you bring
it back up there's so much resistance
coming from me right now because I'm
scared and don't know what to do next
and it's just like I don't want to quit
this is the moment where I would be like
these guys I'm done and I would quit and
you guys wouldn't see me for six months
but now for the first time I'm pushing
through that moment and we're grinding
through it so you're going to see the
struggle of me not wanting to put this
journey that's good I like Vietnam went
with them
no but during the fun fact Vietnam is
the only country that starts with the
letter V and ends with the letter M Oh
yep fact would you like the
no I always get person behind me why are
we here I've had gel nail polish on my
feet for over like wait hold on right
there I just realized something guys he
was giving me all that s inside about
taste and this expression what not just
get this right here
what the hell you is that you know what
are you doing I gotta get the gel nail
polish off I need it off man it's like
my nails nice things are ending right
now at least let me do that one thing
we're going to talk about these later
we'll talk about later let me just let
me get the gel off please this won't
pass okay
the following is rated tv-ma lsv viewer
discretion advised
i don't know any manager good for doing
for you have to be helped
came up in it all
Thanks so come here you just tell me
back to easy there's something back I
hadn't told you come on you say you
don't tell me come on relieve the nails
please stall broke huh don't so I'm not
stalling I got distracted because of
that might need to get a clue have them
out here as you're talking look you know
what you know what you know what I'll
explain these well hold on hold on
you know what I'm sick of this because
I've got I've been giving it on snapchat
been getting on Twitter come right here
excuse me huh
no no what size shoe does he wear 10 or
10 and a half this is ten and a half
right here cut Kanye issues there you go
yo I'm gonna let you know just so you
guys know before wearing them these are
worth over $650 so you can choose to
wear them you can flip on whatever you
are alright you are so kind to my cousin
good line yeah oh god bless I'm sure
what are you going to show me you're
dying of cancer and it cost a lot of
money by the way they don't show you
several things right how much how much
would you sell me that one for right
there takes 8 hours to make 10 bucks so
I recently did an interview with my
friend right here her name is Lily and
she gave me a bunch of money because she
said like we it doesn't matter why she
gave it to me how she gave it to me
that's 10 bucks here's 20 for that one
how much for this one right here I want
to show you the inside to really see the
quality these are all my own besides
this is my own copyright you can't
we're locusts I told Phil the shop all
these little pieces are together or
separate I love it
how much for this one right here what if
I wanted to buy it with this one right
here how much for these four right here
50 bucks yeah this - five days - it's 50
bucks so now I bought your whole
collection
I'm glad how are you good I don't why
I'm writing a lot of how are you so I
bought these they're ours now I got the
money but how would you feel
would you be mad since you made these if
I said I want to give them right back to
you you get to keep the money and you
get to continue selling these on and I
want to give them back to you you accept
my God's great sight okay there you go
yes most wonderful lasting anyone could
ever have if I had if I could do
whatever you guys wanted me to do right
now what would you need like an honest
answer not like all I want a sandwich on
this like if I could help your life out
right now in this moment what would it
be
God did you tell him that it's to
corrupt your boss no see you remind me
of me because when I started my homeless
adventure I was taking track across the
weather top and giving them to other
homeless people when I didn't even have
nothing how much let me ask you - honest
and so like how much money do you guys
need right now do you think in your life
to take care of your situation what
would you say on the shoulder I'm doing
monkey cubicle that's what I was about
to say that's what I listen how would
you have for dinner don't worry it'll be
through me I have people watching right
now who I think would be more than happy
to help you guys a situation now I can
start a GoFundMe for the motion picture
for 25 years I believe at all I love it
but what I'm saying now is but we can
talk to you and see how those funds can
go to help your situation so we can help
more than a pair of Yeezys or food you
down for that
you guys have a phone what do you have
let me get all your information right
now we'll transfer and then I'll find
out where you guys are and we're going
to be partners with you guys we're going
to help you guys out big-time all right
god bless she's excited she still I
didn't want to cry today you're good you
got excited you got excited but we're
going to help you out he's going to tell
you all about it
one more time for the camera your name
I'm Sharon or - your name Lou Simon
Sheeran Ortiz we sat there accidentally
he gettin at me for my shoes I got
frustrated came here to give him my
shoes because I looked up and saw them
everything that just happened you guys
saw we're starting a GoFundMe and we'll
talk about it more in the description
below we're back on project butterfly
everything worked itself out so god
bless
I got to get him rice
what don't give me crap for it now due
to the one who gave me crap for having
them and they're gonna give me crap
again and I'm off my face Jesus I got
their ass weighted I got frustrated
little people how did it feel to walk
walk barefoot I don't care man I'm
really like I'm over it right now yeah
I'm over it I really for music barefoot
yeah exactly
you know what if we wouldn't have ended
up right here that's the butterfly
effect what if me buying the easies was
to get us to this point right here for
me to take it off my feet to meet these
people start to GoFundMe that's the
butterfly effect I like that so it's not
negative everything happens for a reason
nothing is happening just for the sake
of happening it's all connected and
gonna buy a Rolex
who knows yeah or might lead to
something bad that's the butterfly
effect it isn't only good bad things can
unfold - well like today that was
reflected nowhere without was a blessing
and now like that was after like I was
ready to quit and say I'm done and now
here we are back rejuvenated and now we
have a new purpose we're starting the
GoFundMe there you go
all right now I need to get dollar Rice
because he needs to eat so I let dollar
out he runs under their chair and I
thought he was going to be cute he
diarrhea it all over the floor cause
he's still sick and I muffins over there
so I'm sorry about that ladies I'm happy
though they were like oh it's okay - and
he was like squatting under their chairs
pooping o-6 still you're still pooping
diarrhea
something's wrong with him man
what's going on with you buddy guys we
got a rush dollar to the hospital
because he's getting extremely sick
right now I was gonna wait till the vet
open tomorrow
but he's getting really ill right now
and I just don't feel right something
doesn't feel right so I got a Russian
back to the emergency right now as you
can see he's hiding back in here and
this is why it's good that I had him
with me because if he got sick elsewhere
I wouldn't have wanted to go rushing to
the vet so let's rushing to the vet
right now I think it's worse than before
100% he's not now he's not even eating
when he was eating it got better now
he's not eating two minute drive were
right there
wait a minute drive to the how far of a
walk not far at all right choose walk
nuts car 16 minute walk do we do it two
minute drive calling it over and waiting
or 60 minute walk man clicking phantomon
in just a little Haggard dollar Ola hyah
hyah like I feel bad it it is my fault
and like what's about to happen is gonna
I'm just stressed out though man
I'm stressed out I know you guys you
want to travel you want to do this and
everything I'm fucking stressed out
right now to make anything better I do
he's gonna feel your vibe the dogs in
the room
better feel your energy apartment six
gate like is it going to change anything
no it's hot yeah so jump in jump in he
said yeah
thank you because I'm just going right
down the street there's a hospital right
there okay my dog is very sick and I
wanted to just get there as fast as
possible literally just saw him on the
side of the road and I was like you know
what sir can you give us a ride he said
yeah appreciate that so much
I know I know but just for I appreciate
you thank you so much my friend gave it
to me so I give it to you Thank You
Frankie hello that's been happening all
day and every day since he went back and
it's just in that his energy never
picked up Alfred in so many different
variations offered him chicken offered
him chicken and rice chicken bites of
rice by itself I got lucky sometimes
when he ate some of his chicken breast
snacks
but it would be like even him eating
that is different than how he used to
eat it's just like him like and then I
didn't come look at his waist I would
never have been able to put my whole arm
around it but now I was wasted like I'm
in here a little bit cold to us his body
come through a little bit cold uh-huh so
normally $1.00 to be about 101 degrees
we're running at night
looking at it blood work from flavors
here it's consistently bleeding in time
of you sometimes I got it under a
warning like it right now it's not a
temperature up a little bit higher
that's what I'm saying
my finger my I've never been able to I
used to have to stop him like Dollar
stop eating stop eating muffins food
kick him off like you can and I used to
laugh at how big his belly is I can
literally pop like put my fingers on his
belly I'm how is it shouldn't it is
normal
should I be stressing should I be
chilling cuz I really hot he's gonna be
okay
we got to say by the dollar okay he's
gonna stay here another night are you
going
that's about a dollar man so this is the
hardest part having a record a what's
going on but be like whenever I drop
them off yet and see where he is but
like he's staying in here now and his
heat blankets and he thinks she's coming
home with us right now but he's not
juicy hold on where are you going
are you being serious I'm being 100%
serious what do you mean you fucking up
everything since we got back to LA to
you can you can help my day clear
diamond loading bays locked up episode
and then I get that stupid bullshit with
the interview and now dollar stick again
and I'm holding us back then I
understand I understand all the deals at
dollars fix mess it would be bad I know
but then essential make your way okay
and you just take over for now dollar
being sick is messing with me
I know mentally but you shouldn't go and
stay on your own trust a long yeah look
at what I bring you guys down and I
don't want to be no no no I know what
everybody's gonna say I don't even once
I know what I believe in say all you
start again here we go again with this
bullshit settling that don't do that let
me hold all my subs listen I swear that
us just chill right us just chill right
and school with people think that
doesn't bring us down I have my phone
nothing ringing if you need to know
where I am just humming well it's not
like I'm leaving don't make it seem like
that just right now just let me be by
myself what are we going to do continue
you
