excuse me sir
I'm sorry to bother you but I'm
barefooted I've been barefoot my feet
are dirty right now and I got to run all
the way home but I don't want to go
barefoot as my feet hurt is there any
like shoes you can give me to like are
they clean if I promise you to bring
them right back and I wear your shoes
what up everybody my name is yousef Oh
most of you called me fouseytube
so last year my life was full of
blessing I found that the more stuff
that I was given the more greedy I would
become because of that this year I
wanted to give back to the world what it
gave me I wanted to start with my Jordan
collection cuz I was buying so many
shoes that I didn't even need the
concept was simple I would go out on the
streets barefoot I would ask people if I
can borrow their shoes so I can run home
and unlock my door if they said yes I
would go around the corner with their
shoes grab a pair of Air Jordans come
back and give them both pairs the
problem was nobody would offer up their
shoes I know this is crazy but I got a
run home real quick and I don't got
shoes anyway I can borrow your shoes for
two seconds
I know I just my feet are dirty and I
gotta go all at home that's actually
kind of weird so no that's weird I'll
come back that's that's just weird
yeah yeah okay so no no just logically
if I think about it though like you if I
was in that situation I don't think I
would ask anybody for issues ours is go
home I have tried to get reactions for
this video for one month now I am
totally against exploiting the homeless
for views on YouTube I feel like it's
become an oversaturated attacking trend
especially when most of the videos are
fake but before I called it quits on
this video I wanted to try it for a
homeless person just to see what it
would happen to my surprise he offered
up his shoes I promise you to bring them
right back and I wear your shoes I'll
bring them right are you gonna be here
for I'll bring them right back just let
me wear your shoes and I'll be back I
just I would really appreciate it is
that cool yeah thank you thank you I
appreciate that I really do now it
didn't happen every time I still had
many failures but in like a couple of
weeks I was able to get four people to
offer up their shoes this is the can I
borrow your shoes experiment what's up
say that's going musa hey doing are you
gonna be here for a while you mind if I
look I'm bear for right now I got a run
home real quick
I got locked out of my house is there
any way you can like let me borrow pair
shoes I just messed up I messed up I
wasn't I was I wasn't doing coke I don't
know cold I know I was it I let me
calves are repair shoes I'll bring him
right back yo this is gonna sound crazy
I've been barefoot all day look how
dirty my feet are cuz I've been like
outside locked out of my house can I
please borrow a pair of shoes so I can
run into my house and then
give them back to you you have a pair
right there please what if I promise you
I'll bring them back and if I have like
anything at home I'll bring it like
please I'll bring them right back I live
right around the corner it's just it
hurts my feet are hurting please I've
been walking all day my feet are dirty
as hell I don't have any pairs of shoes
I gotta walk two miles home can I borrow
your shoes for like 10 minutes yeah can
I please like just borrow for 10 minutes
I'll be I'll be back I swear it's like
you know I've been walking barefoot all
day this shit hurts out here please I
promise I'll come back I promise
thank you I'm gonna put them I'll be
back in like ten minutes all right thank
you you're gonna just give me all right
thank you so much are you gonna be here
I'll be right back Kimmie I'm just gonna
I'll be right back I'll bring them right
back I live right around the corner she
says I've hurt my feet are hurting
please I promise you man's honor I
promise you thank you thank you so much
thank you I'll be right back okay I'll
be right back I'm just gonna put them on
right here sir thank you so much just
like I promised thank you before I go
can I ask you a question yeah you know
what Air Jordans are Michael Jordan the
basketball player yeah the shoes have
you ever owned a pair no Air Jordan tens
no fun thank you I didn't really need
your shoes but I wanted to see who would
offer me chance but I tried with people
they wouldn't give it to me but for you
here you go thank you take care of them
all right thank you no problem have a
good one yo told you hear yeah thank you
so much ran yo by the way have you ever
owned a pair of Air Jordans huh
never you want one you want a pair Air
Jordan 12 em playoff clothes
no probably you wear night in half yeah
and no problem and have it going right
please Kenny hey hey quick question
you know who air jordan is michael
jordan you ever owned a pair of shoes
air jordan fives grapes here you go come
on take care of them okay those are
special thing for nine and a half yeah I
hope they fit all right just unloosen
the string stuff right I had it on my
head out of here enjoy them okay peace
yo-yo as promised
see but guess what I had this line
around my house so if you want some
Jordan threes yeah you can have them and
I also had extra clothes that I wasn't
using so you want shirts and jackets and
stuff there you go thank you man that's
it like no catch no nothing I just
appreciate it
it's no problem have a good one okay
wear those though those are Jordan
threes alright alright have a good one
please fit please fit
does it look like they fit yeah Kenny
how do they fit
let me see let me see hey rocking them
bro have a good one alright peace first
getting we go play basketball Internet's
though thank you guys so much for
watching if you guys enjoyed that video
please don't forget to subscribe give it
a big thumbs up and share it with your
friends and family since so many people
said no to me doing this video I have a
lot of Jordans to still give away here's
how you win step 1 subscribe to all my
channels I have for my prank channel my
vlogging channel my gaming channel and
my morning talk show channel step 2
leave a comment down below with a name
of a specific Jordan I need you to tell
me the number and the colorway so for
example Jordan tacks twelves or white
and black Jordan 12 I'm thinking of a
specific pair in my head so every single
person who gets it right gets a pair
when I'm scrolling through the comments
the first ones I see when I will be
doing this and announcing it on my vlog
channel I have about 5 6 pairs to
giveaway so there's gonna be about 5 to
6 winners thank you guys so much and
I'll see you next time
