what up everybody my name is Yousef and
you're currently watching fouseytube
so I'm currently on a stand-up comedy
tour when I came to DC this lovely
mother hit me on and asked me to prank
her daughter and of course I thought
about it for a second I said of course
she told her daughter she can't get
tickets to my tour what her daughter
doesn't know is she can but we have to
prank them before we give it to her
ready for this ready we've been setting
this up for a while she's gonna go get
her daughter right now and drop her off
at the location and here we go oh my
gosh man you can't I can't imagine we're
finally gonna see them yes open like
meet-and-greet type of thing you have no
idea
really I got the second comments on one
of these videos yes so I got like the
53rd and no big deal all right Danny
nice to meet you oh yeah the loading
docks right yeah I mean that's already
gently come out of shit once now go to
us you know pussy pussy oh man dude no
babies are you talking about
guys we like her guardians where her
brothers what do you know your card is
we're brothers man what attendee what
are you talking about
look back up back up back up back up
alright we are teaching with less
alright his YouTube Blaupunkt need to
get kick sometimes alright we were
commenting we've been trying to network
with him no no no no I call the cops
listen listen listen alright we've been
trying to collaborate with them so long
alright it's time to get to kick your
tires sometimes I didn't plan to preview
your mom did and especially
thank you guys so much for watching that
was a great time did you have fun I know
we did the chaplain she's coming
backstage at the show tonight I hope you
enjoy the comedy and yeah go ahead and
press the like button press subscribe
and leave a beautiful comment for sandy
alright y'all see you next time
