help-help what everybody my name is used
it for most of you call me fouseytube
so i recently moved into a new apartment
i needed a way to meet the neighbors my
mom told me to bake them cookies but I
had a little something different in my
enjoy 180 pounds Arabic descent hon how
you doing um we're looking for a person
in an orange jumpsuit to prep for
Department of Corrections he's a
prisoner he escaped but we got the place
surrounded I just want you to be aware
that there's somebody out there like
that okay going into your okay okay
I got
look she won't believe it ma'am come
here come here come here I promise look
look this is fake this is fake I'm not a
real inmate look I'm wearing a mic I'm
wearing on my I'm wearing a mic I'm
sorry
here my name is Lisa I see just from
praying kungfu see to take it out hug
hey I gotta hug thank you thank you here
I live here
thank you guys so much for watching this
video if you did enjoy it please give it
a big thumbs up and don't forget to
email it to your mom and grandma I want
to say a big thank you to everybody on
my vlog channel dohsa fousey for getting
almost half a million subscribers if
you'd like to follow my daily life the
link is in the description below I love
y'all and I'll see you next time I just
come right there
