but I see some Jeezy's right here I mean
there's a whole bunch of just sleeping
we can definitely sell these five
thousand-plus go so I take them enough
hey hey homie yeah I bought them but
what are you doing with them I saw
nothing wrong you're on camera man I was
right next to them right there but I
wave to it how do you mean Oh what does
it matter to you though no I'm sleeping
what does it matter you're like I know
watch I serious notes give them back
what is it matter to you like please
stop get them down you what it sucks to
have something stolen from you relax
yo come on No oh hey fuck he did take
him he did think it was good are you
wait what were you just doing alright I
don't know there's yours you look like
you're trying to put them in here no no
I I just saw him sitting on the ground
those are really nice shoes are they
yeah yeah what are you doing
why'd you take these because I was Hana
McDonald say I look nice but you saw me
sleeping right next to it yeah I was
supposed to know so you would take it
from a homeless guy because they're
special yeah you could the parties do it
Oh cuz he probably stole it for since he
stole it you can steal it - that's right
ah makes sense makes sense are you sure
know what fine whatever here taking
relax shit take them all right on my bat
rotate them take I'll take on my bed you
happy are for sure hey dawn camera by
the way better is something better like
that I'm a college boy yeah I was going
to use them for alcohol miles would they
be sitting out there so if I was
homeless a homeless man with using vodka
ha mi do mi do mi do come back but leg
well where you going he's holding my leg
off good we're so are you on camera
I give over the Kanye West's yeezus
experiment holy crap over seven Sonique
I didn't even know where to go the
funniest part about this whole video
these easiest art stages can be
if you thought these are worth $10 why
the hell would you try to take them out
of the solid ready it goes great for the
Valentine D okay okay
