but she's ready smiling I mean you take
a picture of me real quick
thank you
Oh Oh Drake Trey hello hello
let's go dizzy yeah I'm at the mall
right now you better come pick me out
for sure late I gotta go thanks for
taking the picture though yeah he'll
follow me I'm like on his entourage and
stuff I'm his barber you like J yeah you
want to kick it with us
let me get your number then you hella
quick to give it to me what is it yeah
alright
thank you so much that hand you have it
going
I delete a certain number with the
quickness I'm outside of Ralph's alright
we'll go to earth or something alright
peace what yes it was great that sounds
like a personal problem to me so you
have a beautiful day be that way cuz you
just totally like I don't have time for
you I'm done I'm time for you you'll
give me your number
so you'll give me your number now just
to get you the way with me yeah were you
going to date with me will you go on a
date with me and you can wait yeah okay
am i cute yeah I could say anything
right now and get out of you um yeah in
like 20 minutes you want to wait hello
that's do it if you're wondering where
I've been or what I've been doing you
need to go ahead and hop over to my new
channel which is called youtube.com
slash dose of pussy right fellas daily
vlog videos so if you'd like to follow
me the links in the description below or
click the screen and I'll take you to my
second channel thank you so much for
your constant love and support and I
promise I will be back with my bigger
and better videos and yeah
you
