what up project butterfly it is Yousef
from Team butterfly and chemo basher
from Team butterfly and first and
foremost thank you guys so much for the
support and patience you guys have been
showering this journey with as you guys
know this journey has taken quite a bit
of a standstill because Dollar got very
ill while we were away and I'm doing my
best to stay with them at all times
right now and nursing him back to health
so again thank you so much for just
being patient with it until we're back
on the road now I want to do something a
little different before we dive in to
the interview I want to have to talk
with you and I want them to be a part of
it as well okay
I haven't told Kimo what we're going to
talk about it just sit down out some
questions for you now yesterday me and
you worked on a video that I believe we
both believed in heavily just like
artistically we loved it you know we
believed in it we loved it and we were
excited to post it now after we posted
it the comments were rather negative to
say the least
you know for whatever reason people's
opinions of the episode were negative
now I want to ask you as a filmmaker and
as like you know an artist how you felt
about those comments I want you to be on
well I it was first of always like a
shock it was a big shock and sometimes
like when did we record something and we
feel it and it makes sense and we can
connect with it right the way we
connected with it was just like a piece
of like him having a conversation with
themselves and even that parts where the
sound goes gets into like that echo and
the double sounds your ego wants that
negative attention it's kind of like his
negative side the deeper side of him
speaking to him at the same time instead
of just saying hey guys by the way I
don't want to do this we said why not
just do it an artistic way you have a
conversation show like at the end of the
day this is YouTube and it's a visual
medium where we can just watch and it
just be entertained and it was like a
cool way to do it but people took it so
personal and yo you're negative this oh
my god I cannot believe I'm following
you and this I don't know you started
war in like Afghanistan or something I'm
dealt with this my whole career like I
know the kind of video I could have
posted yesterday explaining that same
message
but getting them to all thumbs up the
video only positive comment it's simple
it's a matter of sitting down and
talking to them and addressing it right
but what happened yesterday was I burst
into their room and I said yo I have an
idea and what I feel videos like
yesterday are are artistic expression
creative freedom to do whatever it is I
pleased to get my message out normally
reading those comments like I wouldn't
get out of bed today
your host surprised that didn't affect
you but here's the thing though like if
you've been doing like so good for like
say probably the majority of old
episodes but if you have like one or two
that is down while they're also quick to
forget like 20 and just jump on one or
two I don't know as an artist regardless
of what people felt about the art I
understood it and I loved it just
because their perception of the art
wasn't aligned with what my creativity
wanted it to be doesn't make what I
posted wrong true does it negate the
fact that I feel like I release a
beautiful piece of art that explained
how I was feeling now with me battling
my mental health illness and you know
going through this which I don't even
make a big deal on my channel anymore
yesterday was like a huge thing it was a
huge win mind you because here I was
having the talk with myself it's like
yelling at myself talking myself just as
we all do but I showcase that and let
them hear it and I think the visuals of
it were great I feel like the scoring of
it was raised the tone was great and I
feel like I believed in it then the one
thing that I regret not voicing in my
interview with Lily was the impact that
my mental health has in the things that
I was being criticized and condemned for
so she had mentioned things like you
said you were leaving YouTube but then
you came back to YouTube and she faulted
me for it true but now let me break down
and tell you why and let me put you
through my thought process all right let
me explain to you the voices in my head
let me explain to you why one day you've
seen it I'm extremely happy and the next
day you're like damn this dude is
comfortable to be around it's a constant
struggle that I'm battling and I feel
like why I've been halted my whole
career but anyways hope you guys enjoyed
that little BCS behind that episode and
now finally we are going to give you
guys the interview when it's all said
and done the interview isn't even that
bad the interview doesn't have enough
power and weight that I gave it to
throughout you know should I or should I
not that was my old tendencies of
feeding into that hype of creating the
interview being much bigger than it was
I usually just tell you what it is you
did you remove stuff from it or no from
the interview yeah okay so it's tools
it's toned down version it's the toned
down version because those are for
personal reasons but I feel like the
gems that were left in it it's a great
piece of you know just conversation and
I want to continue the conversation so
that's what we're going to give you guys
right now and once it is up we're moving
forward we're not looking back and as
soon as dollars back to health we're
going to do a clean slate hard reset of
project butterflies we're going to come
back with nothing but straight
consistent quality episodes and we hope
you guys get on board until then we hope
you don't leave us here on project
butterfly and we hope that you guys
believe in what is possible here and
stick with us we love you guys so much
and again we hope you guys enjoyed this
interview and if you do give this video
a big thumbs up because that really
means a lot especially after a day like
yesterday thank you guys and I've been
working on this thing right check it out
it goes like this is how you salute
projects line well
okay so a couple days ten eleven twelve
I don't know how long you've been gone
about it no but like ticket our last
year you were here just like a couple
days ago no it was more than a couple of
days a week a week and a half okay then
you come back with the tan i what
happened with like how did it all happen
how did you end up in Qatar so you know
we started the journey yeah everybody
was loving it and they're like yes
though gaiata
but then a lot of people were like yo
you said you were going to be traveling
you were gonna be leaving the country
so one night after Jesse's house I got
super excited I was like in a manic
phase and I was like Daniela we're
leaving the country where should we go
and she's like well I have a friend who
lives in Qatar yeah and I said boom
let's go so she hit him up yeah I had no
idea how we were getting flown out there
I just knew we were getting flown out
there but when I got there I saw that
like oh this isn't just like oh my
friend hooked us up with tickets this is
like we're being taken care of like they
take us straight to like a five-star
hotel you know what am I going to say no
thanks for your hospitality and spending
my Nonna's I'm not going to take it you
know that's the biggest form of
disrespect yeah so we went into the
hotel you know and the next day was them
showing us around Qatar and then when it
came time to leave that hotel I kid you
not they had got us a different hotel
was even nicer than the first one so
whoo this was all Daniela's friend that
hooked up oh so I met Danielle out there
his name is Kim oh yeah and chemo is now
part of this journey okay but he had
connects out there and those connects
like mr. cue halifa and Soltan okay
they're just they were amazing people
and they just they took care of us yeah
would you so would you define the
journey as I would what what is the
journey now so for me the journey is
everything we're doing like every day
outside of my house I'm living the
journey in the initial video and the
initial concept that I conceptualized it
was I'm going to spend each day out of
my home and I'm going to sleep at a
different person
every day yeah so us giving back came
after the fact
mm-hmm I didn't start the journey to
give back I already said here's my
hundred thousand dollars for that yeah
so I was helping us go into Little
Caesars and buying people pizza us like
going to skid row and giving pizza us
feeding the workers who were fasting
Ramadan and Qatar us visiting the
orphanages me creating project butterfly
and team butterfly that all came after
the fact yeah so but people now started
associating a different reason as to why
they support the journey so to some
people it's like this journey to me as a
viewer is when you sebat other people
it's one use of hangs out at are
youtubers house other people it's when
you know I see use of struggle everybody
has a different thing for that but I
think it's all of it yeah it's all of it
in one so it's not just when I give back
it's not just when I'm out of youtubers
house it's a spiritual journey that's
just metamorphosizing itself as we go on
with this experience so I mean you
mentioned project butterfly team
butterfly what is that have you defined
it yet oh yeah yeah so what is it so we
were in one of the nights in Qatar we
had decided to leave the hotel yeah and
we went to this farm that was really far
away in the middle of the night it's
like 2 a.m. and we had the most
spiritual day of all of our lives
I mean Kimo and Daniella like we were
hanging out with chimpanzees we were
hanging out with horses
we were walking dogs like rescues at
like 5:00 in the morning as the sun's
coming up and you hear nothing but like
you know just nature and everything out
there and it's like everything right
there made sense for the journey
we understood dealt it we just felt
something special in that moment all of
us together it was like nothing mattered
that shouldn't matter it was just us
living accepting the moment we were in
and just being happy and just loving the
moment and we just felt together that we
had the power to create change in that
moment for the
Ernie so right away I put a name on it
and I was like all right project
butterfly we're starting a charity
together from the ground up and now
we're going to allocate all this money
and we're going to go from country to
country and start helping with the funds
that we receive now and it just it came
to fruition that night and I was like
that's it we're going to be a movement
everybody who watches us is gonna be
part of team butterfly they're going to
be able to join us in cities and give
back in whatever ways we find to get
back so now we didn't become just a
let's walk around and you know find what
happened let's create a powerhouse and
let's create change so I think I get
that I think there's a lot yeah there
it's a lot to unpack but for now like
that's the bottom layer on it and all
you need to have in the beginning is a
bottom layer yeah so we're on day 26 now
we're not going to have it by day 27
they're going to have to stick with the
journey for a while to see everything
you know blossom yeah yeah you've been
talking a lot about an editor you even
hit me up didn't see if I I knew any
editor what's what's been going on with
that alright so no disrespect to anybody
who has edited episodes of project
butterflies yeah I think they've been
top-notch quality some of the best
content I personally seen on YouTube in
a long time they're from content to
subject matter to storytelling to just
the edits because creating an edit is is
you know it's great it's amazing but you
can take bad content and create a good
edit oh yeah and that doesn't make it
good content yeah yeah so I think what
was so good about what we're doing we
were having amazing content with amazing
edit masterpiece it's just a masterpiece
but the hardest part was especially when
went to Qatar because we hit we were
having help with editor who's doing it
for free
Wow outsourced amazing right but we want
to doing this for free yeah oh my god
and we were we were sending we were
sending the footage but we needed it at
such a rapid pace like people don't
understand the amount of work that has
gone into these episodes like guitar we
were not sleeping 24 hour nights even
though we were in a suite we were in an
extension of it and we were all just
working together like literally just
taking parts of it in
and putting it together but it started
getting hard because editing mistakes
that might have been up and I don't have
time to take down has to stay in there
or there might have been major notes
that I had for the telling of the story
that didn't convey itself when I
rewatched it and I had to just go up
just like that and I felt like the only
way now for the story to be told
correctly is if I tell it and I edit so
I think so yeah do you think you don't
think that might like because you know
it's always hard to take things out that
you think it are important but you know
but I feel like if anybody's gonna know
what goes in it's me if anybody's gonna
know the tone that I want it's me and I
felt like like I have like for example I
wish we had like a behind the scenes of
everything that actually happens because
like when we were in Qatar at 5 a.m.
sunrise everyone who was there was
shocked at how much detail went into
everything I was breaking down the
concepts for the episode the themes the
tone the the scoring like everything was
broken down to a tee so when I had that
vision before we even started editing
and it wasn't told correctly it really
upset me so okay um it wasn't the
editing fault but it was just now me
having to go back and tell the story
yeah yeah last time you were here
actually our last guest or that we had
was actually Alex Alex came through
didn't yeah and he talked about the fear
of like the ad pocalypse you know and
but he was like luckily he's he was
mention that like it really didn't him
because he's kept things family friendly
you have a history of controversial
videos do have you been affected by this
ad pocalypse that all of you too freaked
out about all right first of all I
stayed away from this okay yeah for a
long time like I did not talk about in
my videos I did not make it known I
didn't give a crap but if we're going to
talk about the ad pocalypse I think
we're gonna have to buckle up because
there's a lot more that I have to
unravel before we can get to there all
right I think I have to unravel my
relationship with YouTube okay let's
start with your relationship with
YouTube okay
I feel like I've done a lot for YouTube
over the years you know I I started off
and I was creating middle-eastern family
content and I feel like I revolutionized
that that genre of YouTube this was back
in 2011 like dressing up as my people
don't even know like I think I new
audiences even know that I did this I
suggest it was my mom my dad my brother
my sister and I used to tell like a
Middle Eastern household story
yeah like before Lily even did her mom
and dad bit like I was doing the Middle
Eastern parents right and my content has
evolved over the years and I think
regardless of what you say of my content
I feel like I've inspired I've made
people laugh I've made people care I
mean people cry I've told a great story
regardless of what people say my track
record is of drama diz drama that no I
think I've done a great job for the
platform okay no I've had multiple
successful channels I brought a lot of
revenue to you - yeah yeah I put my my
face out there like Fuji - became like a
worldwide known brand face and all of
that they're mean youtuber great for a
long time right so getting invited to
YouTube rewinds every year like that was
cool getting invited to whatever events
they had it was cool I mean and even
recently the last two years we won the
two biggest awards at the stream yellow
daeun Swan it they voted for fouseytube
to be zero the year and then the next
year entertainer the yeah yeah so I
don't think I was giving YouTube a bad
face and Tyler Perry's boom idea
Halloween like one of the first
youtubers amongst many others who were
in the movie kyun lolli Liza Koshi
Bradley Martin I see Kaelyn yeah I mind
blank right now I'm the guy that did I'm
22 Jump Rock O'Hearn Jimmy Pedro true um
yeah so we all were like a good face for
you - wow these youtubers made it into
the theater the movie was number one in
the box office for two weeks in a row
that's dope so every year
YouTube has this creator summit yeah in
New York yeah this is a new thing that
they started like three years ago I
think okay and for the first two years I
got invited and what the creator summit
is they invite their top creators
um I don't know how they select this
yeah um it's sometimes it's not even the
top creators it's all over and but they
give them a great time in New York
you're saying as this dope Hotel you're
you get to do these dope seminars
there's guests every year like high-end
gadgets listen and learn from you get to
go to brandcast the next day and see you
know the relationship between YouTube
and brands it's dope and it's a
privilege to be invited now nobody is
entitled to be invited obviously but
here's what happened so I went there the
last two years the first year that are
open and the next year the second year
that I went Aziz Ansari was the guest
hmm now I don't try to provoke anger or
be a douchebag or anything like that you
know me I don't yeah so I'm in the room
with all the youtubers so I might never
get a chance to meet we're all sitting
in the same room yeah and it sees I'm
sorry is doing a Q&A at the end of his
speech now a lot of these youtubers in
this room have a preconceived notion to
just not like me okay the dads don't
understand whatever reason yeah and we
say hi to each other we see each other
but in the back of their minds there's a
you know there's a distaste for fousey
whatever it is so you know one like you
had summer camp and you want to get a
chance to know everybody I Rose my hand
to ask as he's a question because then
the youtubers can see like a different
side to me there now I took a huge swing
and I said this I said hesays can I tell
you a story he goes yeah I go I have a
friend who looks exactly like you I was
talking about awesome yeah and I said he
was at a bar one night yeah and I said a
girl approaches him and goes Aziz and he
goes hey and he took her home and they
ended up sleeping together
Wow and the next morning he didn't tell
her that he wasn't Aziz the room breaks
into laughter erupts
but then Aziz pauses and he looks at me
and he goes you're a horrible fucking
person and there's no sarcasm in his
voice there's no humor in his voice he's
dead pants
serious Wow and the room just falls flat
right and I'm just like oh geez I had
didn't go how goal to go awkward it was
the most awkward thing you went
my highs were low fast so that happened
yeah brandcast happened you know
everything went back to normal
this year I don't get invited to
brandcast Wow right and I'm like alright
so I tried to break down the reasons why
I might not get because I again I'm not
entitled to it and I was like alright um
I had to pull out a YouTube rewind last
year because I was doing another project
and YouTube takes it personal when you
pull out on something like not really
you promise something and then you leave
like they took it personal right there
were two fan fests that I was supposed
to do this year I think it was India and
Dubai to do those two I pulled out of
both of them born before promotion even
started because that's when I thought I
was done with YouTube okay so I pulled
out and I was like respect they have to
pull out that anything I was going to do
anything so I already knew that they
might be like oh we don't know use this
relationship with YouTube and I was
totally fine with not being invited
until my lawyer calls me and it goes so
I found out why you didn't get invited
to brandcast or one of the reasons that
they're stating and I said okay what is
it they said last year you have had an
incident with our surprise special guest
and we are like scared of what he might
do to our future ones I'm like what you
could have pulled me aside a grown man
and be like hey you said this time don't
ask a question I took it as bigger than
that I was like there's enough reasons
to say why I didn't get invited
yeah well I have to say that one yeah
like it's such a small thing I mean
there are so many worse things that are
done and I did that and I'm going to not
get invited yeah so like that just like
it like it really hurt me at the time
all right so we were going to talk about
this earlier but we kind of switch
things up but you had this relationship
with YouTube and then as I mentioned the
whole ad pocalypse happen did you get
hit by that okay yes okay I think I got
hit and one of the biggest ways that
I've seen on YouTube through everybody
I've talked to so far do you think it
all happened I think it was it before
PewDiePie's Nazi symbolism when it
happened with the because there's rumors
back when the drama channels were
popping off that we're going to try to
defund these channels basically I felt
like or the gossip on online
was there these drama channels and all
these channels that would troll other
channels and what attacked channels and
youtubes away of basically censoring
them in a way was to cut their funding
do you think that's when it happened
or and so you a part of that so for the
first three months of this year I was
gone okay I was on posting right and I
didn't know about anything that was
going on and before I came back to
Joseph fousey I remember a creator came
up to me and they said you know how do
you feel about you know accents of
dropping down significantly and in my
head I had no nothing about this yeah so
I said oh I I don't know what you're
talking about but I don't think like it
affected me so I went back to Joseph you
see that's when I went back to those
AFOSI
man now every single video on those sofu
see for like the first week and a half
after my return after a three-month
absence yeah was getting a million views
so I was like oh didn't affect me I'm
chilling right and then I check how much
the million views were worth just to see
where the CPMs are at yeah and it was
like shut off my channel was like not
getting the revenue that it once was and
I was like whoa what is going on here
like this is different it was my first
like you know realization set it's real
so then the next day after getting a
million views for like a week and a half
the video did really bad come to find
out now like months later now I just
found out like yesterday that day that I
was started going bad there was a bug in
the system and everybody had dropped
that day okay but it had stayed on my
channel for a while because it's going
to take a while to build back up to
where it was because it got affected so
badly so my Adsense was you know
significantly messed up there but I
never knew how messed up and you know
what I didn't care I didn't come back
for YouTube for the money I've always
said like I have enough money to be
happy I came back because I needed to an
outlet for myself at that time to get
myself out of the rut that I was in and
I said that in dohsa fousey and then
this journey came about I launched his
journey again not about the money didn't
care for it right here is what I came to
find out I didn't know how bad I was
affected because I thought like
everything was going back to normal so
I'm posting on fousey to
like I said for the first 15 days every
video million views and there are six
days in a row the episodes got two
million views each now check this out I
checked my adsense and I'm going to be
fully transparent right now I even have
pictures as evidence I checked my
adsense yeah and sometimes the 2 million
views with ridiculous watch time yeah
was paying me four hundred and fifty
seven dollars now that's a lot of money
don't get me wrong right yeah a lot of
money but I've heard two mill but check
it out it's still like I want to I want
to put it out there that I know that
that's a lot of money it's a blessing
I'm not dissing or of how much money
that is but I start asking people around
to see their ad census because it was a
time where the YouTube community was
actually getting together and discussing
things like me that affected who's not
and I had people who were willing to
show me their Adsense yeah now other
friends channels before I even saw it I
said hey if you got 1 million views in
24 hours with this much watch time how
much are you getting paid you know the
answer was between 8,000 and 12,000
dollars Wow
I was like BS I don't believe you they
pulled out their Adsense showed me
between 8,000 and 12,000 dollars per day
per video Wow while mine was at 457 now
here's why that bugged me it wasn't
because of why is mine low why's mine
high because I actually got into many
talks with YouTube yeah and I said look
if this is how much I'm supposed to be
getting paid by all means it's a
blessing from above I'm happy thank you
but if there's something wrong here and
I'm getting paid this when I should be
getting paid this for straight principal
and moral it's like if you're getting
undercut on your paycheck you're going
to be like hey what's going on here
course yeah you're putting the hour you
print to work exactly and it was like
the most frustrating time because all
YouTube giving me back was we're sorry
we don't know a solution at this point
we don't know what's wrong we're looking
into it and I got that again and again
and again and again and every day I
would send them new screenshots of the
same 457 457 or where my ads are at and
then I go back and I check my old pranks
and I saw my pranks done
like two dollars a pop Wow two dollars a
pop shot right and some videos like
Mortal Kombat elevator prank D monetized
for what the the music or Mortal Kombat
or something of the other right so here
I was now my channel is finally booming
again I'm doing this thing for charity
and all this stuff my content is clean
I'm creating like nice family content
and something's wrong with my Adsense
while all my friends have theirs is
fixed yeah the most frustrating part of
it was there were people who I've talked
to who did have an issue but then said
yada yada yada talk to YouTube did this
and this and this their stuff got fixed
so it was like wait I'm hearing sources
that other peoples got fixed why can't
you fix mine oh don't trust your sources
there's no way to fix this and move on
but there are stories that I've heard
like even stuff that happened at creator
summer where people's stuff got fixed so
we went back and forth for a long time
yeah and I even told them I was like
look I have a team here yeah we're doing
this we're trying to do something big
they need to know that they're part of a
channel that's like that's not like shut
off like I literally felt like YouTube
shut my channel off yeah because not
only that I didn't see myself in the
recommended anymore and not only that
every single video I uploaded was going
on restricted mode their new restricted
mode and whenever like even the one
where I prayed in Qataris talking to
building on restricted mode I was like
what is going on here and when I hit
them up about it the reply was
restricted mode has mode has nothing to
do with Adsense has nothing to do with
views just don't even worry about it
I was like but if I have nothing to do
with it and my stuff shouldn't be
restricted I wanted unrestricted yeah
and it's not a thing that they could
just you know quick fix like this and I
just still to this day I haven't got you
know there's no one to talk to
like I left my youtube network because I
thought that YouTube was going to have a
relationship with me where they cared
for me and would talk me through it and
would help me you know fix these things
but now I'm thinking it might be a smart
idea to go to monitor Network yeah well
back with my mind most about this when I
was like venting my frustrations to
youtuber lockers one time their
suggestion was if you need to help us
getting you brand deals so you can
support you financially I'm like you
the whole point yeah it ain't about the
money I've made so much money on YouTube
over the years I'm good I've never been
like and I saw where that took me in
life
nowhere near happy that's not what I'm
looking for but I'm looking for fairness
I'm looking for you know you know just
this in why one person is getting eight
to twelve thousand dollars in episode
but I'm getting four hundred mind you
they're creating the same content that I
am in terms of like blogging styles so
it's not like they're doing a cooking
show or something like that we're doing
the same thing yeah but something's
wrong in the system that's insane
so do you see like there's no end to
this it's just going to be like this for
you know what I I don't I don't I don't
see it I don't see it changing I don't
like even me venting my frustrations now
like even people watching this thing can
be like you know they might take it as
you're complaining about money this and
this but I don't think this by any means
is going to get YouTube to do anything
to change anything and it's just like I
wish all I want I wish like YouTube got
behind me as like a creator that to
build a relationship with because right
now I just don't feel like I have that
personal relationship with YouTube yeah
like how many times this is a whole
different thing but have you seen are
the same youtubers video trending Oh on
the trending feed there's only two
hundred thousand dollars oh I feel like
when that happens there is like an
agenda where they're like we want to
push this creator because they touch on
certain demographics and we want that
demographic to watch more YouTube you
know not only that but one like I know a
youtuber right now who has up-and-coming
YouTube retro that hasn't even been
announced and they're on the trending
page like night and day
all the time now and it's like I don't
do that by coincidence yeah I don't
think it's because there's some
youtubers I'll get a million and quick
but it will never be trending here's it
and here's the thing with YouTube now -
look I'm sweating like crazy damn here's
the thing with YouTube now don't take
off your sweater not how I'm good cuz
I'm sitting in my armpits to look crazy
now here's the thing with YouTube what a
lot of people might not know is there is
like a YouTube representative behind
youtubers so it's like they each have
their own like
presentative point I put a contact point
of contact who tries to get them deals
who tries to get them to events when
bites them to the you know the event
yeah so obviously the better they do for
this creator the better it looks on them
in the big scope and what they bring to
the platform so they're all trying to
like fend and do this and that for that
person so some people get privileged and
some people don't like me I got one of
my whole identity started and I was like
talking to my point of contact the email
that I got in return is hey I can't help
you with this anymore so I'm passing you
to this person Wow a person I had never
spoken to in my life there a person who
like this is my business my career and
they're like here talk to this person
yeah what what about that who's out
fending for me who's fighting for me I
don't have an agent right now I don't
have a manager I don't have youtube yeah
it's like it's just at a point of like
what do you do in these circumstances
like to just get what you deserve yeah
so now I'm just getting to a point of
you know I don't want to even say
acceptance but there's obviously like
everything's a blessing so I'm still
grateful for it all but I just wish that
there's somebody I can sit down with and
be like yo let's talk yeah because I do
want a nice relationship with YouTube I
do want to be valued as a top creator I
do want um to work with them like I have
YouTube red show ideas I have film ideas
me and you together have had so many
ideas let's sit down let's talk you know
let me start like YouTube had this thing
where an acting showcase where they had
some of the top acting coaches in the
world come to the YouTube space and hold
seminars yeah now they know I want to be
an actor now they know I was in a movie
they know that that was my goal before
anything else I didn't get an invite for
that little things like that like you
know let's let's treat me like a creator
