so while I was indulging in a nice big
luscious Chipotle burrito a brilliant
prank idea came to mind
why not pin out 1,000 fliers that
advertises a free burrito from Chipotle
and pass it around 2,000 college
students genius right fringe bola
burritos who wants free Chipotle
burritos there you go here you go here
you go 3:00 p.m. today Westwood what
does that mean free Chipotle if I was
hitting on you to be like oh but now
this which color you like girl I'm there
this no no really I've just really fish
bullet it's today at 3:00 p.m. though
okay at Westwood all right you want any
for your friends oh yeah totally - yes
thank ya are we gonna look so bad for
how excited these college students were
getting over a free burrito that I
called up Chipotle put in an order of
$1,500 worth of Chipotle burritos come
to find out we put the wrong date on the
flyer huh guys it's the wrong team yeah
Friday 3:00 24:14 what say listen what's
the date what's the what's the month
because of that a thousand students
didn't show up only about fifty did
so I said you know my screw it I'm just
gonna pass out these burritos and make
their days
thank you guys for coming out all of a
sudden
Chipotle's managers come out and try to
get hyphy with me give you permission to
do this through what this what am i
doing anything wrong
even threatened to call the cops on me
you're giving away component burritos
and you have a recommendation of us I'd
watch holy burritos that's why you
didn't say that didn't say they're after
me
No
Tomica
I'm over here giving out with don't
stand here for some rail I'm standing
here too well
six dollars isn't going to hurt your
business I'm helping out people and
spreading smiles I'm doing a good deed
out here I'm giving it to homeless
people and people love it meet a woman
call the cops
feed the people possible a burrito
breakin last
so after passing out a full box of
Chipotle burritos I was still left with
over 200 and I don't know what to do
with them and then a brilliant idea came
to mind I with no preparation no setup
no nothing this is what unfolded all you
have a good looking professor and
gesture fouseytube
I pronounced that blew up
on behalf of your lovely professor who
wants to treat you guys nicely today he
has requested to bring offerings
Chipotle burritos you will now enjoy a
dance from our lovely Joker of the
kingdom who would like a Chipotle
burrito good gesture good gesture nice
of you no problem I'm a Texan volunteer
I hope we have enough for everybody
we're trying you know what should I just
leave them in the middle of the stairs
and say pass it around
enjoy
you'd a hella good you're gonna do like
a dudududududu and tell me to go out and
we're gonna like gallop like a horse but
dude look to do thank you guys so much
for being a wonderful audience I want
you guys cheer for the gesture and now
thank you guys so much for watching that
video my name is yousef AKA fouseytube
and i try my best to do a video every
single week if you like to follow me on
instagram twitter or facebook the links
are in the description below don't
forget to subscribe and I'll see you
guys next week
