what up everybody so just as I was about
to ask you if you wanted a part two to a
reason to smile part one got removed
because of a privacy complaint
I fixed the complaint and I'm gonna re
upload the video if you would like a
part two because you want to see how
guys would react don't be afraid to give
this video a thumbs up thank you guys so
much for the constant support and love
Island I can't thank you guys enough and
I'll see you guys next week so I feel
like social media has desensitized us so
much as a generation we have trouble
taking compliments nowadays unless it's
left on an Instagram comment or Twitter
or Facebook so today I'm going to take
it back to how it used to be and let
people know that they're appreciated and
loved in person crazy right
I'm sorry to bother you but I just want
you to feel appreciated today really all
right
have a beautiful day that's going in the
video I want to give you a reason to
smile today
Oh have a good day in case nobody's told
you that you're beautiful today thank
you have a good day I just wanna say I
know life can get stressful but I hope
this makes you happy oh thank you have a
beautiful day okay I hope this makes
your day better I love seeing that smile
that's what makes me happier so
hopefully beautiful day have a good one
there you go
thank you have a beautiful day huh I
feel like everybody's so stressed that
walks around doesn't talk to Jill I feel
like everyone deserves to just smile and
like feel appreciated for one day long
as it made you smile I'm happy have a
good one but I want to make your day
better so this is one reason I
appreciate your day do you need
something
no I just wanted to make you smile oh
good day where's that for I just want
you to smile ah having beautiful day you
seem like you're in a huge rush but I
just want you to take a woman to feel
appreciated
have a beautiful day whew smart real
quick
your smile made my day so I hope this
makes yours have a good one huh yeah
well I just want to say your hair is
beautiful your eyes are beautiful and I
hope this makes you smile dang have a
beautiful day okay
see you you dropped this
how beautiful there
shaaka sorry I'm not stopping you
because you don't have a helmet but
you're not allowed to go unless you
smile thank you have a beautiful day
okay oh good one excuse me I want to be
able to tell you that you're beautiful
have a good day okay what's your name
mom
Monica you sir have a beautiful day it's
alright but I had a bad day but I want
to use this last rose to hopefully make
your day better and I really want you to
have a beautiful day oh thank you how it
gives you a reason to smile okay and I
love Lion King by the way oh thank you
have a good one thank you that boosted
my tears have a good one
Wow that was sweet her
excuse me excuse me I'm sorry you
dropped this
how beautiful there keep it rolling can
you believe that I just tried to give
her a little rose and say a beautiful
day and she like totally dissed me what
is wrong with girls
