super uncomfortable it's like they even
put yourself in that position you know
mentally and even pretend to do it just
the place you don't want to be in okay
we're rolling
then go
I was raped at the age of 13 and it all
began on this one of the nicest days of
my life it was on my birthday we were at
the park and my mom and dad they were
still around and all my cousins were
there I was wearing my favorite green
dress
and and I remember everything we began
to play hide-and-seek and my oldest
cousin the one we all looked up to he
asked me to to follow him and he told me
you know it's your birthday I know the
best part for you to hide and and I said
okay so he said well let's go into the
boys bathroom and I I didn't want to
first I was confused and I said why the
boys bathroom and he said you know
because you're a girl no one's going to
find you there when we were inside he
took me to the to the stall and I
thought we were hiding
he began to put his hands on me
and God I let him and but then he was
very aggressive and I asked him I asked
him what are you doing and and he said
no this is your birthday present and and
then he kept touching me all over and he
lifted my dress and then put his hand
inside
and it you know happens so quickly so
quickly I didn't know what to do I
remember the sound of the sea / SP of
his fans as he stood up as he stood on
top of me I remember the smell over the
bathroom and I remember the taste of my
tears and I remember feeling the joy
peace joy in when he said oh now you're
officially a woman it's okay to cry
all this time I wonder why no one helped
me when they hear me scream for years I
felt like like it was my fault like I
was the one to blame like I deserved to
be raped I was so naive wait hey stop it
right now picture of a virgin
shut up shut up all right
my daughter doesn't deserve to live in
fear that someday she might be raped no
one deserves that we are all capable of
rape but please keep in mind the
negative effect it has in someone's life
and the power it has to change them
forever
you
you
