what up everybody my name is Yousef and
welcome to fouseytube
I like you all to meet my best friend
you ready for your surprise yeah you
love me
yea-ah
he's coming to visit me from the Bay
Area and he thinks were taking a la road
trip to do vlog footage for my second
channel oh he doesn't know is he's being
pranked how do my friends not know by
now what up everybody used to take a
fouseytube near here with a hot AKA fun
and ended okay great and grand done
we're going on an official los angeles
like vlog road trip right now so we're
gonna take you guys with us hey that was
so lack of excitement I gotta get a Red
Bull before we go on our road trip you
guys want anything
you want to get Brendan gummy bears
thing is I got you all right I know this
guy's screaming in high school
it was I talk dong was like he comes
down everybody having your height I've
yet a donk ID or a thing hasn't take
forever prima donna hey you got change
for the bus
nah man what about sure nah I just went
in the store right now okay okay here we
go here we go
is it sore does he talk to him yeah okay
he's at the window he's at the window
watch this if it goes right watch what
happen oh no change
Thunder hey what's she doing hey why
don't you move on wet you man bandage
back will you run up to the car hey yeah
Blair I got one I got one black I got
these look you ain't going over don't
you over hey don't you move
hey hey show my face
how about a pop your mother shit breath
no no no no you saw my face I got your
hey now don't worry about it oh you saw
my face I got you mother don't you move
you sit you back don't you move don't
you move
hey can we get your wallet in your phone
let me get your wanna neo all right now
Carla don't worry let me Citra hey give
me a while on the phone right now the
car bro don't know don't you wanna sit
back and relax don't move I got him
right here hey hey get your back leg
back on I got him right here blood we
goin we gotta feelin buddy
did you know white friend in the world
boys friend you know no I can't get a
had a feeling hey man I got me a nice
Wally did he offer my car in my life oh
my go I'm sorry I had to do it how long
I got you you were in on it thank you
guys so much for watching my name is
yousef AKA fousey - imma go home and
watch the footage I finally bring my
best friend I'll see you guys next week
