what up everybody welcome to fouseytube
what do you guys think does my friend of
a big but I bet you guys do yoga pants
paying far too let's get it all right
he's coming
hey who's much bigger oh really honestly
I can mines mines bigger
oh my god you like money haha you like
life let's see
I don't know use a bag you want it did
you go on it what
hey I'm excuse me like Hoopa that's a
bigger keep it 100 with me then Betty
daddy a bus bigger
about feels hahaha and is what this
needs a little what is the need what is
there what do I need I need a little of
me squat I need some squats come on oh
this one break Asperger's is pretty much
hey yeah yeah I got you
we're gonna do yeah that is ski down hey
where you going wait this one right here
I mean you can touch it if you want
like what's up red as big it's fat what
you laughing at you were looking to
braid her butt from 1 to 10 a 10 my name
is yousef the king what I was I was
mistaken up here you feel thin huh no I
was okay I'm done thank you guys so much
for watching my name is yousef AKA
fouseytube
I try to do videos once a week so
subscribe if you enjoy check my links in
description below and yeah for my
birthday
want me to be honest yeah I'll give her
a nine and a half nine and a half nine
and a half with you ah
