what up everybody
my name is yousef and you're currently
watching fouseytube you see where we
live it's easy not to think about the
atrocities that happen in third-world
countries we don't even see any children
homeless on the street so today I'm
gonna put a mirage in front of society's
eyes and see how they would handle it
he's one of our own right so let's see
what happens this is the homeless child
experiment
you
so I just got called disgusting for
doing this but I want to explain to this
lady while we're doing this I'm not
taking your picture but I want to tell
you he's actually an acronym conducting
an experiment to see if anybody in
society is going to treat a son of
America like one of their own sons and
give them a dollar to our freedom
there's 29 million beggars but have you
ever seen one kid one kid asking for
money
there's no I have never seen a kid
asking for money out here but I've seen
every single person walk by them with a
Louis Vuitton bag and a Macy's bag
testing I don't have any money let's
look at his sign let's see what it says
I just want enough to get my sister a
meal but we're discuss we're trying to
make change in society but we're
disgusting see this man and I'm gonna
tell him don't like the money why hey
give him the money back give him the
money back we're not we're not trying to
collect money out here we're just we're
just trying to see who would give money
like who would actually give money and
who would help okay so thank you so much
for that thank you so she made Nathan
said an emotional you good be strong
what do you want to do you want say
anything
no just what happened to this world
Wow I don't know what to say to that
Oh
she's mine you good are you okay
they stole my dog who the police they
took him yes why I don't know I don't
know what to do by dogs cause look look
I was shooting a video about a homeless
child experiment Nathan come here I was
shooting a video yeah about a homeless
child to see people would help him and
nobody was helping him today and I feel
I can give you $100 if that helped you
offer it so my god sir oh my god bless
you god bless you sir
and no no it's okay like we were doing
the same thing for him and we saw you
crying here and we just wanted to see
what was going on oh thank you no
probably this will pay for him to get
out yeah yeah oh my god he was crying
about his dog yeah what happened he
needs to get
is that what's that what's this
procedures to get it out he needs to
talk to animal control they'll tell them
everything you used to do take my phone
number we're gonna get your dog back I'm
gonna do everything to get your dog back
thank you no I just talked to them they
said you need to call animal control
take my number right now okay Oh do you
have a pen I don't have a pen
do you have a pen
I know what you're thinking I ruined
everybody's perception of the homeless
and now they're gonna question whether
or not they should get money of those in
need but this video should go much
deeper than that and I want you to dig
through it on your own you see we're in
a position or blessed enough to be able
to help those in need we got shoes on
our feet we got clothes on our back we
got food to eat and we got a roof over
our head what about the countries that
don't what about the kids dying the kids
starving the kids who don't have
anything and nobody to help or do
anything for them if we're not going to
help one of our own
one of our sons of our country then who
will my name is yousef aka fouseytube
and I'll see you next week
