how they tell me when he looks ok yo
just staring my but you just stared on
my butt I felt your eyes glaring at my
butt
no I'm not calling gay but like you
looked at my butt is it big or something
look gonna take picture pants again
because you like it so much you've been
standing at it don't you just make it
what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube
so a friend of mine recently told me
that I had no idea how hard it was being
a girl because when she wears leggings
everybody stares at her butt so today
I'm gonna find out exactly how hard it
is yo pull your phone take a picture you
were staying just take a picture you
were staring at my butt bro I thought
you were girl size looking eyes you
thought this is a girl's butt feel it
tell me if it feels like a girl's back
you were like you're like a vulture
wearing the body hear you I'm gonna
twerk for you what are you doing
use yours clearly staying on my butt
yeah you were yeah why nice ass you just
call my butt fat I thought ooh girl I
thought I was a girl no you know you
like what you saw don't discriminate now
it's still Kim K sighs looks like you
want to scratch a piece off huh you
can't do nothing like that you want to
see at work look you can do a lot with
that all right then you missing out I
thought it was a girl why cuz it's
bigger than both of yours is bigger than
both yours combined look it's Kim K
status look it's real - it's real look
at plumb it what you like to chew sabra
what's up Oh what oh my water you got a
legis why are you staying on my butt do
do it relax long you're saying it hey
you wanna hey what you want to sock it
you want me to twerk it watches watches
you like this part right watches watches
ready Oh
some done sir
what you doing walking by staring at
your but not doing anything organized
and you you were stand on my butt fool
you want to take a picture doc yo you
want to take a picture you want a cup of
filled my dude you don't got to be
embarrassed feeling you but you were
gonna stand on my plate will you stand
like he wasn't Sarah but you were
staying on but you want to torch on it
wanna see you wanna see you fool huh
what what what's up what's up you want
score up my thigh will eat you up fool
my thighs will eat you up and you wanna
know something there's a camera there's
a camera right there are you still mad
there's a camera right dick prank
channel I think grandma but then if you
get a car like that eat it eat here
buddy what's up what's up what's up
what's up what up everybody thank you so
much for watching this week's video I
really hope you enjoyed it if you didn't
know I video on this channel every
single week my name is yousef AKA
fouseytube
and i'll see you next week boy give me a
hand I saw you stances go ahead I
thought you said what you don't a couple
feel oh why these scars are bigger than
both your thighs together you'll never
feel one this big you don't know that
look at jiggle you got a girlfriend oh
you got a girlfriend
all right you missing out
