are you serious
what you're really gonna stare at him
right in funny locs I just smile that no
you just did it come here ya know the
sheet
no no here smile that Hemis see
obviously what she obviously wants your
number here take here you want the
number can you relax what up everybody
my name is fouseytube and i'm here with
whatever girl superwoman
and we're a couple that hates each other
and is extremely jealous so today we're
gonna break up with each other get away
from me you you leave your toenails in
the sink
your feet smell like your feet smell
like it's broccoli every time you come
home and ask for a foot massager for
your feet in front of my face you like
the picture of my sister in a bikini no
no no take a picture so second one
second sorry sister I take it take on
take to get to me wear a bikini you guys
are twins
I like your sister's picture I basically
like your picture what girl what girl
what girl fart sees what girl fart and
put the blankets over our head and tells
her boyfriend smell it if you love me
okay really smell it if you love me
really you know not enough to smell the
nasty parts we're over
oh my god oh my god you really just took
a picture of me sad right now we're not
taking a picture because you can't be
faithful we're done you want a picture
here pose for a picture pose for a
picture done
he cook it again you told me no typos
doctor anymore
not anymore she saw me coming on my
ex-girlfriends picture lose her believer
Janice I hung out with her last night
okay she asked me to call you on she
paid you never paid for Froyo I'm Arab
we like when girls pay you never paid
for my Froyo she pay for my Froyo
I think the house a big nose number sexy
booty in there phone
are you serious right now I'm sorry okay
not where names Italian
I take the picture here you go you took
it
right there but like a long time ago you
think this guy in the red Jackie which
mother Nancy party I'm not doing your
eyebrows for you anymore are you serious
no it wasn't at all you gotta be honest
and no no yeah comment on your picture
did you comment on this girl's picture
we have to be online this is a were
recorded this is to choreograph we have
no way what up everybody thank you so
much for watching this week's video I
really hope you enjoyed it
if you didn't know I video on this
channel every single week sometimes it's
good sometimes it's pranks sometimes
they have meanings behind them if you
like to become a subscriber all you got
to do is put the link wherever it pops
up on the screen right here hit the
button in description my name is Yusef
aka fouseytube
and I'll see you next week boy
