like we took dollars to the vet here's
dollar it's actually worse than I
thought
so yesterday dollar spent the night
alone in the hospital he's still not
with us right now but muffin his ID
hey mommy hand is good she's looking for
her brother she's been sad so here's
what's going on there's a lot I needed
to talk about a lot but I didn't want to
bore you guys by just holding the camera
and talking about it so I hit him I
leave again
it's only Ally today not office and I
said yo I need to be on the apartment
right now so I feel like during this
journey forever I need to talk I'm going
to find a way to be interviewed by him
we're going to sit down right now and
I'm going off there's so much I need to
talk about I'm not holding back and I'm
going to let you guys know a whole new
side to YouTube that you had no idea of
before by the time you watch this that's
already up so I want to have you guys
are going to react to it so I thought
that the podcast I just did with Ali was
raw honest and true and then I came here
to superwoman Lillian and she had her
monthly active woman live and she did a
segment called cut the BS with me and we
got them yet
we cut to be a and she went off on
anything she might have questions about
the journey anything she does to breed
with and just wanted me to cut the BS
and it was a levite interview business
back to her um not at all because I'm
loud like I always say like you respect
me right you love me as a friend let me
have the person I even care about the
people and people look at watching care
about taters led to reply to hate
because I feel like I would love for
them to get
and to understand we're on that so the
fact that we're not you're not even at
the hater phase I got dogs I love that
so I would love to talk to any you know
of them about it I'm still like cooling
down from it if you guys want to watch
it it's on her channel it's called cut
the BS with 22 it was a live broadcast
probably for over an hour yeah an hour
and half so go check it out but during
the broadcast
there was a piggy bank for me and any
time I answered a question honestly she
put ten dollars in and I told her and
you guys know this money when were on
the streets goes to giving back whether
somebody needs a five a 10 cloves food
or whatever we're going to spread it
under Lily's names so now I'm going to
count this up and adding this photo to
the journey and this is going towards
helping people and give them back I was
like okay like I said you can always
agree with you it's okay she is don't
agree I support you and if is drink some
juice that much work so that's what
happens when you spend some time as Lily
as you can see his you drenched with
sweat George and I've called a linear
factor their tent not from a jalapeno
not really this was I mean it was from a
jalapeno named Lily who smile more
wetland so today I got the experience
how would be to have muffin with me on
the journey because right now I realized
oh my goodness she hasn't eaten yet so I
raced to Danielle's apartment got her
food and now she's eating right now
because you know I can't forget to feed
dollar and muffin and I got to focus on
their health right now that hit me up
and told me that dollar might have to
stay another night in the hospital now
he is recovering nicely and he is stable
but they're still unsure of how bad his
situation is and I didn't say this in
yesterday's episode but they gave me
three options they said the first one
and it was something mild they were like
it's not bad but the other two they gave
me well like severe things that could be
wrong with dollar and I was like dang
that's like that's a hard probability
one thing being positive and two things
being extremely bad so I'm just trying
you know remaining calm staying positive
and I know my little man will pull
through and I hope I get to take him
home soon because I want to spend time
with them I want to hang out with them
and I want him to know that I'm there
for him because all I did was pick him
up and take him
the emergency room so dollar I miss you
muffin misses you and we'll see you soon
buddy
this is what muffin degrees nothing go
potty come on so I don't know if you
guys are aware or not but you're not
positive butterfly I had two partners I
believe their names were Kimo and
Daniella well I have lost them over the
last like 48 hours like you know this
morning I did the hour-long podcast and
then I did hour-and-a-half interview
with lily and then I took care of my
pups and all that stuff but there was a
knock on my door and they came back into
my life but here's the thing
they're like dressed to impress they
look beautiful they smell good they have
a new clothing where were you guys there
she's gonna be background music as
they're seeing this
you
oh my goodness
so I don't know guys I mean are you all
still a part of team butterflies yeah
man this was just target stuff that is
already closet I thought my apartment I
saw you guys done with your vacation yes
it was going to go fix the camera all
the way in Portobello like down past
downtown Lee it's called super what does
he call it Portobello is a cheese man no
oh it's a mushroom portobello mushroom
well guys I hope you're enjoying this
kind of log ish episodic you know
episode
Daniela's camera is still broken so
that's why they're like you know what
it's going to vacation they went did you
fix the camera no yeah I not be able to
see this is what happened Yugi doesn't
happen but project butterfly oh you know
what introduced me to get out of LA hey
why are you getting too comfortable
already I literally literally remember
what I said literally before we came
here I said Kimo we come to LA don't get
lost in the thoughts
it's not about lost in the sauce and we
just need to get up out of LA and just
do something new all right well I need
to have a team meeting with you guys
anyway so let's have that right now so
everybody have a seat right here and
guys we're going to allow you to be a
part of this team meeting I know
all right the first ever team butterfly
meeting commencing right now and you
guys are going to be a part of it so
here we go
okay so here's what's going on hey
Daniella cameras broken alright and
we're not going to film the episodes
with this because this is great for my
vlogging or we need to get in L camera
situation okay be something really
important we need to do we need is a new
channel banner we need a new profile
picture for the channel and we need the
official logo or project butterfly
because with the logo not only can we
launch the charity because now we have
branding and we can think of our quote
we can have merch now I opened up a lot
of the email submissions there's one in
particular that I love loved and I even
tweeted them and I said yo this is
spotter and I was like I'm going to show
the team here I want to show you guys
that now next in terms of that is now
that we might switch to stop the upload
schedule from Monday Wednesday Friday do
you guys want to compete with there by
the Sunday do you guys want to continue
uploading and editing on our own or do
you think we should still find an editor
travel with we should have a backup so
we should still find another yeah yeah
you should one that's where you guys
come into play we need an editor to help
us with this series it's just gonna it's
going to help us a lot in the long run
so if you do have an editing reel that
you'd like to show us please email it to
the email in the description below I'm a
better solution to that why don't we
upload a drop box of the one of the
episodes and then they can edit it and
it is tend to final one okay this way
every like out of one of our past
episodes you will give you all the
project files of it all the raw files to
put it in and then you guys put it
together and edit it and then send the
final version only to the email telling
us that in the description right now the
Dropbox will be ready yeah I'll be ready
okay
so in the Dropbox there's going to be
clips that we uploaded we want you to
download those clips create the best
version of an episode that you could and
send it to us send it as fast as
possible because we need an editor who's
quick and you have to be able to do it
under like what is it
midnight now they are 15 hours so we
need a full time it's going to be a paid
gig it's going to be a lot of fun and we
need somebody who's serious about it now
something I want to talk to you guys
about I'm serious so obviously they know
now dollars in the hospital we're
waiting for him to get better
I'm here to renew my passport but this
is an evolving ever-changing journey so
I have a proposition and question for
you I would and I want to ask you guys
to what I want us to be part of me
thinking today and when we left in the
Middle East I said I felt you guys
prematurely yeah how would you guys feel
about getting an RV okay and starting
here in LA and we can visit as many new
tours as Rulon in LA but traveling
across the United States in the RV in
that way there's an adventure every day
we don't know where we're lending and we
can stop everywhere to help and even you
get to sleep on the side of the road we
have a home and we can help people and
let's say we needed to take somebody off
the street into a hotel or something
come in our RV yeah we're here we're
like a portable shower for people we can
get people off the street you're going
to have a shower in our place and it
could be like we can make it like that
imagine us traveling the world letting
people come in take a shower shave will
have shaving supplies
we're like a literally walking hotel for
people of the time you don't have to
mean the other place and we're going to
open the back and have like a little
restaurant ago give a little like a
spoon to up dude that's private that
could be positive butterfly we're always
changing what we're doing and everyone
gets to graffiti the outside of the car
no I like it I like internet think about
stories like
like that guy and not love that really
gives us a sense of purpose and
something we can fix we can literally be
a mobile thing on wheels we can help
them shave shower eat clean up hey you
need to fill out a resume fill it out
and project butterflies but boom good
outlook on all that boom and then the
best part about that I can bring dollar
and walking along because I can travel
with it I can see them there in a bed
with me every night every looking hi-yah
it was like that to our cat guy she had
to leave her pets to do this as well
yo I get my monkey ah what freezers and
that's it and we ready to Harvey you
think you got a fake show are they
making moisturize your face a shame all
right that's our team meeting things you
guys for being a part of it feel free to
leave your feelings ideas opinions in
the comment section below because we
hope you guys listen to that because we
want you guys to be as much of a part of
this as we are so here we are in the car
on the way to Alex's House say hi to
Alex and Lauren and muffin is super
upset right now like she has been down
the whole time she's sighing she's
looking for dollar and she just not
happy right now you how movie sales the
last miss journey
yeah
I think they for a month no but I like
what 14 days you don't like me saying
said likes it nominated then is not a
goal of fun sees almost one year old day
26 we finally got the holidays lon and
Lauren way only 26 days all clusters we
just never started we are looking
started here's what's crazy mountains
being here canal accrual density air
just whole journey started in social
move in with Alex the house fell through
I would be living in this apartment to
show you where my room would become just
like how this literally my room right
yeah this would be my room if I didn't
start this journey like I would be here
my walls would be here I'll be living
here this would be my life and now where
I was going project butterflies so we
might not be in the wilderness in blood
and your own products gonna fly we need
a pencil right now we have the issues
there's no sharpener so because of what
we learned on this journey seemed on to
the honor just designer look right here
struggle it's true so chemo gets try
hand drawing the logo
this is not going to work this was not a
carrot this is gonna work sure it's not
gonna work risk it's gonna work dafif an
old traffic gonna be funny try this
little video loop like you have really
coming at a little bit an hour yes this
is my shop - ready go hey I suppose ego
No
so first of all the third plum this is
my first time wearing a lasagne
stretches jacket I'm wearing it this is
the first time I wore like she will
close it so long but you know like a
stylish thing makes me feel so weird and
I like it's all the fight it's like
trying to bust me back unit nothing is
awesome
I need to I need it no no Sirica we team
RL we started looking for Winnebagos and
you know trailers RVs of are super
excited but we didn't empty the dopest
thing ever like imagine we pull up to
your city
you know where our RV is that's where we
do the Meetup oh my god we can do so
much if you want to do this talent show
yeah there we go about to tell somebody
else but wait a week right - I can make
this not talent but you know what am i
got I'm so they don't cook that it will
cook the RV but don't we sit down like
judges and we recess like speakers of
the microphone and it everybody does it
talent and it really really like it we
can put this with the media we can help
them out so it's not only us because
also artists and musicians thank you
go ahead even be about anything you can
create a challenge other metal bits out
you add it could be a magician you give
me a comic whatever you want to be like
and look and do a fool thing like food
truck kind of thing it switches to a
food truck where they put that thing
called a real tough
like you know like Aladdin's bullies old
market car heart heart so we have heart
and it is food so we give up Buddhism it
is going to be the most crack in RV of
this year like when this RV comes to
your city this is them enough
you know Lexi Massey is like yours did
put them be in oh my god I feel it
already just read experience of my
sausage yeah I placed the the order for
the medicine but they haven't called me
to tell me that it's ready children are
suspecting that he has dr. Anna Wright
and frickin inflammation in the bathroom
has not tracked so do you guys want him
to send them out over there again just
to make sure that he's feeling 100% be
40 seconds home so I know you guys were
expecting the interview that I did a
value today because that's what I said
was gone up but the team actually talked
to me and they said that discussing my
issues of you two right now and exposing
like our relationship and the money
that's the videos make and what it
should make and all that that it might
hurt the relationship or that it would
help it and you let her know me I don't
really think things through and I want
to do something I do it impulsively and
then I see what damage it caused after
the crash so I guess you're not on sale
that video and if you guys feel like I
should post it let me know but if you
feel like the team guided me the right
way let me know and YouTube with your
watch - I don't want to have to close
videos like that but it's me trying to
reach somebody at YouTube and be like
hey let me tell you
that my channel has right now and like
let's discuss it and it meant a
relationship that with power last year
for the reasons that I discussed in the
video that I'm not posting anyways on a
lighter note which in is not even light
I was going to take dollar home today
the doctor said he should stay another
night but I was like you know I was like
upset with that and I like eat do better
with me he do better at home and muffin
muffin sense that all day but at the
last thing I decided to just let him
stay another night because I felt like
it would be selfish for me to take him
it's hard right now but you know you
guys the comments and everything sent me
so strong to this thank you for that and
yeah I know this episode was like a vlog
of stuff but you guys know that we're in
a transition period right now we're
waiting for dollar legal Hospital you
might be getting an RV so thanks for
putting up with this like log each
episode I really appreciate it I love
you guys so much and I'm going to keep
you guys updated about dollars as soon
as I find work from it because I'm not
happy about this either I love you
project butterfly and I hope to see you
back here come on
