so a longtime viewer reached out to me
and asked me to prank her boyfriend for
Valentine's Day I thought I thought of
something magical but it ended with a
not so fairy tale ending and I feel
horrible but she asked me to show you
anyway and I mean I'm actually super
slow right now oh my god mMmmm I give
advice in your request sir for the lucky
lady I wish you the best of luck you
have a good one here I wouldn't let him
go oh I won't lose you're the best of
luck success and prosperity in your
relationship enjoy thank you this is
cute what is this this was all something
oh you're always doing cute things like
this um
it is it's sweet I'm not it's only been
three weeks I'm not really ready for
something like this comes the big
commitment playing a joke I don't know
if he told me he had me for Valentine's
Day
wait so you this isn't even your gift
like no it's not I was trying to take
you know it's cute and I'm flattered but
I'm not really ready for this time maybe
we're on different like levels a
relationship from me we've been dating
for three weeks and we're still we're
still seeing other people it's not wait
we were what we're still seeing other
people - good I'm mom I'm used to teeny
ants come out here I'm done I'm seeing
other people - there's um we're doing a
prank on you there's a camera right
there let me think she set this one up
Moses no he's a stupid I just knew how
you know I'm so like this doesn't go the
way we planned right
it's a speechless I'm so sorry I'm just
ready to go you want me to go catch him
no I'm like oh my god um we get the
video on like base now I have to blur
his face if you still want me to put
this but I have to go talk to him I can
spread the rumors if you still want to
go the video honey cut it cut it I tried
doing something too for Valentine's Day
but it didn't go as planned Lexi how do
you feel about it goes playing pretty
much sums it up but three weeks is
better than three years that's not fully
and I'll be your Valentine if you want
to need one huh so thank you guys so
much for watching this week my name is
yousef AKA fouseytube i do videos every
week and they're not all as sad is this
one so tune in next time
