sir please look can you I'm fine
can you like call can you like call my
parents I was with my mom and got long
yeah and then some guy just took me and
then he he does Nathan did I tell you
about coming away from me you're
grounded okay Nathan
sorry Nathan what did I tell you what my
bye sir what up everybody and welcome to
fouseytube my biggest fear is getting
kidnapped so today I want to see if
people actually help me if I were to get
kidnapped you guys right around okay try
to scare him make him feel like it's
like a big thing going on okay you just
got taken you're terrified a guy I was
with my mom in the park and then this
guy in a jacket he took me and yeah and
then uh can you call my mom this man in
a jacket he tried to get me and this man
in the truck he tried to get me and then
he tried to put me in his car where I
have ice cream I have candy I have TV
just be quiet while I take you to the
car don't say anything I'm gonna take
care of you okay all right I'm gonna
bring you right back here later you have
nothing to worry about okay this man in
there Jackie he he shut he truck he he
try to put me in the in the bathroom
what he tried to put me in the bathroom
yeah he won't stop chasing me sorry
about that
you
I tell you about this do not walk away
from you and your mom again okay I told
you sorry about that sir he doesn't come
on what was awesome yes sir this is my
son what are you doing that said that
yes it is
somebody took yeah this is you took on
stop not about the going is this right
here your mom number oh yeah again
behind Freddie Tommy's father yeah he
just ran away from me oh you're doing
that all day what did he tell you he's
he's scary he he said some guy should've
put in his car I don't know Jimmy
really you want me to ground you from
Xbox I don't know just don't have a good
day we're gonna get ice cream right now
Jimmy you can't keep doing that Jimmy
what did I tell you about doing that
have a good day sir don't say huh why
wouldn't it be I pulled my son to come
home
that's your side yes that's my son ask
him
yeah your dad sure
are you disrespecting me no no it's fine
okay now I'm gonna take my son home all
right
people ever fly he's been doing this all
day and trying to get away from me we'll
go home right now don't worry about you
okay
if this him is this who is father yes
I'm his father not yes I am do you know
him
you know him yes he's being to Philly if
it's a young kid huh deal me then he he
lucky thing that you're not your father
let me balloon eased off he's gone my
xbox
I'm here in the under the car sir you're
on camera under the car under the car
you're on a hidden-camera show abducting
children to see what people would do in
real life situation you just saved this
kid's life what's your name hey I'm Jeff
you all right are you good I'm shaky
good I was nervous
yeah my cameras right there wave to it
what up everybody thank you so much for
watching this week's video I really hope
you enjoyed it
if you didn't know I was a video on this
channel every single week sometimes it's
good sometimes it's pranks sometimes
they have meanings behind them if you
like to become a subscriber all you got
to do is click the link wherever it pops
up on the screen right here click the
button up there click the button down
there my name is yousef AKA fouseytube
and i'll see you next week
boy
