what up everybody my name is fouseytube
and i'm here with my good friend the
prince of persia today we're gonna do
the flappy bird challenge he's never
played flappy bird but he thinks he's
gonna be really good at it so I told him
for every time you die you have to eat
one of these Red Hot Chili Peppers for
every time you get three points I have
to eat one if you can get 10 points in
10 minutes you get to borrow my Xbox one
for a month what Ahmed doesn't know is
that I brought back some of the hottest
peppers when I was in Canada there were
five levels to this during the game I
was gonna be eating level number two at
the end of the prank when I actually
prank them he's gonna be eating level
number five I'm at game over I win ha
started it
no no that's one point over here is zero
point oh every time you die if you don't
get three points open here comes the
airplane
ready first one happy bird flappybird
into your mouth
we're gonna change yourself a bit okay
I'll make you a deal hold on I got to
fill this up if I can get three on his
next turn he gets Xbox one for a month
if he has to finish all 15 of these in
one it's normal
choose your horseshoes you good all
right everybody that's the official end
of the prank war you guys know I won
this thing comment down below who you
think won if you want to see the other
pranks you can check in the description
below and don't forget to subscribe and
all that good stuff you good you good
two points slap me in the face go oh
okay okay dang it that close my eyes cuz
I don't have don't do I don't worldstar
maybe no it dont worldstar me you're
gonna have you hella hard o juice
