shut up everybody my name is pussy - so
today's experiment we wanted to see if
people would really treat me differently
depending on who they thought that I was
and if I was somebody important or not
kind of interesting let's find out all
right if this one doesn't work I'm gonna
go back to the girl who was wiring stuff
at Starbucks oh come on I want to some
ex to look myself do I sit by myself or
do I sit next so pretty girl under the
Sun easy choice you sir I know you want
to call me Aladdin so go ahead that's
why you can't be my Jasmine though yeah
what are you up to I'm shooting a video
oh yeah yeah just videos for the
internet why is that funny you're gonna
be in one of my videos yeah
no you're so nasty no I'm not in the
adult industry you're gonna be a star
and on my videos you are gonna be a star
in one of my videos you don't want to be
look take my number down um I got a run
soon so we're gonna get pasta and then
we're gonna like talk about the video
and you're gonna pay and it's all gonna
be good no we'll negotiate the video
just take my number down right now
though are you serious
you don't want my number are you sure
this is your last chance I'm gonna leave
Oh what's good man what's up hey Ben yo
hot Drake doing Oh Jake's good he's
actually working on his new album ready
y'all gonna fight before another Mexi
party man oh so you can see Nicki Minaj
Terk again oh he's rematch med he lost
it to Lil Wayne and Madden wants a
rematch $4,000 get out of here huh I
know she doesn't want to be seasoned
high IQ like Iron Man have a goin all
right please go
he's crazy sucks and Madden though he
sucks and mad and he lost little Wayne
yeah it's crazy
what's so funny here so dumb
what because I know you are you know who
I am yeah wait you know who I am you
know that I'm a singer yes yes why
didn't you say anything yes I didn't
want to be like a groupie you're too
much so you've heard my last single boom
Bop yeah ding yeah really
you swear pinky promise Wow no you don't
you bought it yeah boom Bop yeah ding oh
you know you're gonna be in one of my
videos you want my number huh you
relying okay oh my god you're too much I
take my number down I just got a new
phone so I have to check my number all
right I'm so light my number is one two
one two four seven nine seven nine nine
zero
oh you're too much Nikki Nikki Nikki
give me a hug I gotta go alright save it
on there Latin I might get one time mmm
Bobby editing he said you too much
trying to play hard to get it's been a
while I'm sure I call me so happy number
right all right bye oh my god
ally keep recording her I can't I'm like
speechless right now
keep recording she when she said I know
who you are I thought she was gonna say
fouseytube I said you know I'm a singer
she was yeah she's such a liar is she
calling oh my gosh she was calling he's
calling she's hung oh give me at the car
meet me at score
you
