one of Julian's so I was thinking of the
best way to end 2013 and I thought of
the best idea one of my biggest
supporters since 2011 lives near me in
Los Angeles so I recently told her that
I was back home in San Francisco and I
needed her to do a favor for me I told
her that my friend needed to drop off a
package to me but I wasn't home and
asked him he can drop it off to her she
was so unsure she was so excited but she
said sure oh my god I get to receive her
package and what had happened when I
surprised her one of the cutest things
in the best way that I can say thank you
guys so much and I appreciate all of you
guys and I wish I got to do with each
and every one of you guys I love you so
much thank you for the best 2013 ever
here's to the greatest 2014 I hope to
make you proud I hope to keep you
entertained boo see to 1 million
subscribers love you
whatever endosome I'm a way to come
surprise you right now picking out the
flowers without into something that's
beautiful and extra-special for you but
me personally I like these a lot just my
favorite color but then I was like you
know it might not be enough so I also
decided to go with these and I just
wanna let you know I'm so excited right
now probably more excited than you are
because you honestly supported me every
single day
you've been in my mentions every single
day picked me up when I was down you
helped me every video release and I
can't thank you enough I love you so
much and I'm on my way all right here we
go we're going to give these flowers to
Brenda Brenda we're gonna go give these
flowers to Brenda I'll be ready Brenda
man wheezing woman Brenda Brenda like a
spa Brenda Brenda hi fucking kill us
good how are you good
these are for you you hear the Yousef
isn't in the bay so he had me go around
and give flowers to his favorites to
some of his best to viens that live in
LA to show you how much he loves you and
he hopes that you will support him on
his ride to get 2 million subscribers
yes they will everything to say to him
oh my god are you okay so what we all do
you're amazing you're amazing you're
looking you're working in this gift shop
place is amazing
oh crap there's one more thing stay here
just tell yous of something I haven't
even be on the clock this is really
amazing like I didn't I didn't expect
this at all like you're seriously an
amazing individual and I'm so happy to
be on this journey with you and I can't
wait for that one million subscribers
like this is going to be so awesome I
know you're going to do big things it's
2014 you're not gonna let us down you
never do I mean as you get some kind of
speechless right now but I love you so
much
and just good luck with everything and
hopefully we get to meet soon
Brenda so they're inside right now no
idea how you're reacting I'm really
actually nervous and anxious right now I
really hope you're happy and this is
just not even an ounce of how much I owe
you and how much I appreciate you and I
just I really hope you understand how
much you mean to me and the rest of the
two viens who support me you guys only
the world
I love you so much and yes I'm really
excited so I'm about to walk in right
now oh my god that I got from the car
hey I got you know the authors are cuter
oh my god what's up how are you oh my
god Michael
how are you this is crazy I know it's
crazy I was so excited like I was more
nervous and I'm finally gonna be happy
to know them so it's really cool we had
no idea was okay I kind of had a feeling
but I wasn't sure like I was like okay
maybe he's really being serious and he's
really in the Bay Area above like I'm
like I don't know I see she's been
supporting for the longest time ever and
stuff and it's crazy like this is who I
make the videos for this is for
supporting me she's seen me cry she seen
me happy she seen me down she seen me
depressed you see me whine about things
you see me complain about things and
she's kept me smiling through all of it
so I'm happy that I can make you smile
through a lot of it you're amazing it's
just everything like when I'm down
whenever I need anything I'll just go to
your videos and I tweet you and I just
make sure to keep reminding me like how
amazing your horn how like you change a
lot of our lives and you're just amazing
we're about to hit a million subscribers
I know I'm so excited I'm a celebrated
party at the gift shop we get to do
something we get free stuff here so
that's what we actually came for so yeah
this is my kid who's gonna lie
ring up Simon teacups my mom would love
that I'm gonna take that thing I was
literally writing a letter to I didn't
finish get it well I don't have anything
written hey Yusef I'm writing this
quickly because awesome is coming soon I
hope to meet you soon
you inspired me a lot of love me like
Shakespeare I'm gonna save this forever
can you sign up for me though yeah no
you have to sign it I wanted like a
signature I don't even know I'm already
cuz my hands look shaky so to viens this
was a farewell to 2013 I thought what
better way to celebrate it than with one
of the biggest to be ins who keeps this
journey alive who keeps the heartbeat of
the journey going
who keeps the dreams coming true who has
been supporting from the beginning just
like each and every one of you I wish I
could do this to each and every one of
you I love you guys so much 2014 is
going to be bigger better than ever in
the first one to 2014 we're gonna hit a
million subscribers all you have to do
the help is press the subscribe button
and we're gonna get there thank you guys
so much
fouseytube dollar in a dream I love you
told you I'll never leave your side
om ft what else do we have even yeah now
what are you doing to be amongst Odeon
loving everything every computer
everything
Oh
Oh
