what up everybody it's your boy I'm in
the hot seat and today we're pranking
you sip you she's gonna come back from
the meeting we're gonna tell him he got
evicted because Kai didn't pay the rent
the Victorino is right here all the
French is gonna be gone let's seize
reaction guys over and out
not quite
here's what's really going on so the
prank that Ahmed thinks that he's
pranking me with is a prank that I
actually came up with I told my buddies
Kyson Asif to go Daphna pretend to plan
a prank on me so I can frame him my
friend Ahmed is a giant male direction
when we're out the movies he takes a
picture with their cutouts for Halloween
he's Ain mad he owns all the albums and
knows all their songs he recently signed
up for a contest to win tickets for the
sold-out 2014 show so Wow he's in the
middle of pranking me I'm gonna call him
to let him know that he won those
concert tickets it's hilarious and I
hope you guys enjoy it let's see what
happen so they're actually in my
apartment right now moving my furniture
out oh my do you really think you're
pranking me right now but I'm pranking
you it's too easy and this is about to
be so much fun we just put everything in
the box right yeah
the smallest of all don't take evening
doctor why do you think video game over
did ya get the two first hello hello
okay yes this is it oh hi this is
Jessica from 102 KS F n Isabel you know
I just want to let you know that you are
one of the four contestants for the M
one direction ticket and we wanted you
to get an opportunity to win the ticket
but you have to answer these lyrics okay
okay yeah there's one
wicked what is that okay you're insecure
don't know what for don't you choke on o
fool before you turn your head when you
walk through the door okay
congratulations congratulations you are
now so awkward you are one of the four
contestants we're going to text you the
address of where do you need to meet us
and the first person who gets there gets
the ticket for one direction he's like
oh the first person that I get the
ticket correct so we'll be sending you a
direct message to the address you think
you know okay bye we're good to go so
Gary's on that work so good yeah gonna
be so easy just go go get out oh you're
insecure don't go before so the first
part of my prank worked flawlessly for
my next part Kai's also been Ahmed I'm
going to drive to the secret location
and Kai's pulled off of the vlog for his
YouTube channel it is too funny for
words why are you getting in the
backseat from up all night although to
midnight me do you understand midnight
memory it was the first album I listened
to for all the way from the top to the
bottom without Skippy one song I haven't
been able to do that with any album you
know yes you can where are you kidding
me right now how soon do we I feel if
you're gonna get in the carpool lane do
you're from up all night all the way to
midnight me about it you keep playing an
discography then three albums so they're
all three of them are great okay take me
home amazing guys get in the carpool
lane are you now understanding what I'm
saying yes
Justin Bieber just a blow straight to
mine stole it all right I like saying
cut he's just like the mysterious one I
like his tat you've got there
one thing my mom climbing the wall God
get a corporal that janitor Chen I
respect them because they they get a lot
of girls really alone man honestly
you're not a dry path if you were a girl
yeah what you wouldn't choose one son
Harry okay
Harry's a Ladykiller for sure ringing
these walls are stories that I can't
explain
I must stop to get something to eat no
what are you doing guys you're pissing
me off
get here I'm honestly he's joking I mean
because it wasn't Direction mater's I
have a direction I hate them but maybe
you should take me just like bread yeah
oh you guys are talking right to the
direction of wandering yeah other
direction aiders only directions are
allowed to go to their concert all your
guys is talking and stuff like my music
stopped playing the universe know that
there's Direction aters in the car and
that's why they're not letting this
happen as you guys can see I stopped my
hair after staying yeah you see like
they're my daily lot Gary just pulled up
one of the hottest girls Kendall Jenner
I have a crush on kendall Jenner and
like he got her like that one Cyrus was
from Pakistan Zayn yeah
we're literally around the corner
alright hurry on that go let's go lot
faster dry faster tight let's go hey
Tokyo Bay drop me a break you can't hey
I think I don't see anybody out that
might be the first one good don't get
out of a car you lose me I'm good he's
running just say uh say say say will
come out in a second ANSWER Answer Lucy
Wow hello oh hi hi I'm at the red
helicopter okay congratulations we'll be
right there
thank you so much
I told you rob I told you you understand
it back me are you crying okay okay I
don't know one Direction's a very real
hell yeah sold
I think they here I think they're here
congratulations congratulations huh you
know congratulations
weren't you happy are you insecure too
started you know I know honey
one funny what I do again you know how
much I love one direction I do too I can
be your Zayn Malik did get out of yeah
I'm over this okay
ah what's wrong are you seriously mad oh
yeah what do you expect like it I went
through all friggin I'll do all these
emotions and now like I'm not gonna get
a ticket you know how much I wanted to
chicken then you're just being like all
like oh this is pretty coming at like
that I'm funny like I'm done with you
like it's over my friends oh for not
friend no what do you mean two times can
I tell you something
yeah I know I'm the meanest person in
the entire world
I'm the worst friend ever and you're not
subscribing oh wait I've been is one of
my best best friend he has helped me
with everything I've needed since
getting to Los Angeles and for that I
thought of a special way to say thank
you and I really hope you enjoyed it
thank you for being the brother that you
are to me and a friend sister who's
watching this right now
this was more so for you than it was for
him but don't tell him that but I hope
you got fun okay thank you
boy we really got you one direction
tickets no prank we really got to one
direction tickets wait honest honest in
there's 100 percent it's like never said
oh Allah
well well
we I'm being dead honest right now we
got you a direction ticket no way I
swear yeah well over 100 custome well I
swear you see yes only like oh yeah oh
yeah guys I'm not always mean to him I
just go I wanted to be mean before I
gave him a present so I hope you enjoyed
that Oh peach the ham his friend again
it was all a setup doing a my name yes
man it was all a set of the prank on him
was the toilet we never you're gonna do
this is real right now I'm being dead on
and screw the cameras with my big
brother guys like honestly like he can't
even believe that I did a nice gesture
all right guys thank you so much for
watching we really got him One Direction
tickets I hope he minutes just to have
the time of his life and yeah -
see you guys later bye
I'm serious
what's Lucy yeah I was that was like a
camel not do
you
