what up everybody my name is fouseytube
and this is my good friend Hanna today's
video is gonna prove one thing the
question that she asked me the other day
why are men such dog well let's find out
yellow beanie maja no good manager on ik
DUIs hi excuse me I'm sorry I my
boyfriend doesn't speak English I was
wondering if you knew any restaurants
around here that were good like for
going-away dinner you know last meal
he's going out of town okay uh with the
Echenique deal I guess okay I'm no it
doesn't matter anyway um what kind of
food are you guys it's anything really
anything fine I know there's like a Thai
place
yeah that's great um it's like I know
this is super weird but you're actually
really really cute and no he can't
understand anything to use it but I'm
you should I you should get my number a
take it down and he's going out of town
like I said maybe come over one night or
something yeah no trust me anything
yeah I know it's okay that it's cool um
yeah I get her you're you're beautiful
yeah um okay uh yeah I'm it's okay this
will work Alan
uh let's watch Amber's if you can't eat
son three one oh okay 6:00 to 7:00 okay
okay okay perfect thank you so much no
it's okay don't even worry about it like
chuckling so yeah yeah and shook it off
I'm so done
hey by the way your dog haha oh I hope
that won't work
Miami has your number without him
knowing that I'm getting a number ah
definitely shoot me Jax yeah I'll show
you Tara
sounds good yeah yeah thank you thank
you Oh
according what up everybody thank you so
much for watching this week's video I
really hope you enjoyed it if you didn't
know I video on this channel every
single week and it could be about
anything sometimes it's good sometimes
it's pranks sometimes they have meanings
behind them if you like to become a
subscriber all you got to do is click
the link wherever it pops up on the
screen right here click the button up
there click the button down there click
the but in the description just find it
click it become a subscriber we're
almost at 1 million subscribers thank
you so much my name is yousef AKA
fouseytube
and i'll see you next week boy
