here we go three two now yeah go go go
okay yo okay gang fight dumb before get
on the floor get on the floor you want
me to hurt you again
you owe me a sock you in the face huh
huh where's my paper where's my paper
huh huh where's my paper sir um how you
doing how come you didn't help out so I
feel like the big issue in today's
generation is bullying
why does bullying continued and why
doesn't anybody put a stop to it
so I thought let's put a crime and let
it happen right in front of people's
faces and see what they would do because
of course change starts with the people
right yes it does let's go stop running
away from me oh I'm gonna I'm gonna get
you a bothers okay I know where you live
what do you want my paper right by
tonight I want my paper buddy know you
get socked in the face you hear me
because you hear me you want me to talk
to you right now you want me to talk to
you right now I will just slip up
they don't forget please moving here why
don't you do my paper sorry I need you I
never stopped I'm sorry what you're
looking at me you want me to hit you
right now you want me to sock you in the
face huh got me to do it let me do it
why don't you do my paper sorry I'm
sorry let me go don't make a scene you
can't see me go let me go
No I've got my paper by tomorrow I mean
I drink please stop I'm stop you want my
paper by tomorrow hey what are you doing
huh
what are you do put on wool sir why huh
what is that what does a hot why does
that have to do with you cause that I'm
gonna count as I can
anyone being like cheated was more
cheated
wait huh trigger wait huh huh what did I
tell you where do I tell you would
happen X how what do I tell you would
happen next time huh huh what what do
sir sir sir
is it there's a camera right there we're
seeing what would happen in a bullying
real-life situation and you did a great
job right now sir you want me to beat
you up like a disaster huh where's my
paper my financial aid relies on you owe
me to stop you in the face right now
just want me to talk to the face really
let me do that again huh just let me do
it I did last time what who are you this
is none of your business get out of it
no get out my face
you got in my face you're really poor
guy I think you should leave I think you
should leave I think you got I don't
know you might use it when your
girlfriend isn't here I'm coming back
for you when you're done sorry you want
me to hurt you again
oh no do you want me to I'm going to
punch out huh why'd you do
stop it
so you're really not gonna help me my
paper oh you're not gonna help me on
black paper huh sorry you know what
happened last time stop why are you
gonna help me oh hey everybody looking
right now there's a camera right there
and you guys just walked away from a guy
getting brutally beat and you guys did
nothing to help them to stop bullying in
America would be really sincere and kind
of you guys to try to do something to
stop something like that a hand instead
of just walking away and acting like
blind victims is something that's going
on I'm done with this video y'all this
is a joke
I mean I know I'm a very small girl but
honestly when I just see any person
hurting anyone especially physically
like I have thought that he was about to
get really hurt I was about to beat him
up I'm sorry but I don't think this
might be isn't is I don't really wanna
get any trouble so sorry about that what
what is it - was it for me yeah so I was
beating up somebody else and by
university that's something to me is it
your problem
yes can I tell you something we just
wanted to see what would happen and it's
kind of ridiculous the cameras right
yeah please don't kill me cuz you're
scaring me right now how did that make
you feel horrible yeah well how come you
didn't want to jump in and try anything
I was about to if you continue yeah yeah
no I'm sorry excuse me
actually can can I tell you guys
something real quick
turn it back to me turn it back to me
why bullying occurs in America because
people like that don't stop it when they
see it happen right in front of their
eyes did you catch it all
