what up everybody my name is fouseytube
so hannah has a boyfriend and this is my
good friend off man so I'm gonna use
Ahmed to prank Hannah's boyfriend he's
gonna come home from class and find her
fondling him on his couch let's see what
happens really thanks again for Gina I
thank you guys for doing this but guys
guys got to a ho ho look there's a
camera right here it's gonna touch the
wide this one's gonna catch right here
this one's gonna be they're not gonna
notice them so don't worry okay I'll be
outside when it comes in and I come in
and tell you guys I'm gonna just be
ready okay all right yeah I got it you
got it hey don't worry guys just relax
and be cool have you ever met my
boyfriend
no all right we will be coming for me
get in position put your knee open like
this I'm your minor hey these natural as
possible don't worry if he gets matter
no way I'm right there all right okay oh
just do it do it oh right like I really
you know it's all I thought you had a
lecture
I don't even ship yo this is my friend
yo girl what are you talking is my girl
yo good time a good time cuz you got
caught Pete are you talking about not
GUI about having a good time is chilling
like bro you shut up what's up hold on
feed what shut up no babe hey maybe I
should've told you guys the boyfriend
and the girlfriend are actually in on
the prank the person getting pranked is
my friend Ahmed scare the hell out of
him yeah I feel so bad I'm sorry I've
met Trillium but I gotta go back inside
now
Oh what's good hey hey stop it she'll
get put away with the night will hey
stop good way come right camera stop
stop stop no dude I swear that ring
you're pushing look buddy
pussy too much drink I said stop him
it's a break it's break up walk down
what grades a prig way we're my camera
camera camera shutter go - up do do do
not just chill what not to do
bro bill nah you know it's good it's
good so why you love me
what oh I don't know you're messed up
the rings on you bro dude Jesus a bitch
dawg
no way
