annual academy award show I don't
deserve it this should go to them how
did I get these first and foremost I
would like to thank myself me and only
me this money here we are
hello what's up what's happened today I
wanted to do a video that was semi
requested but also highly requested by
myself
this is hollywood's hour of destiny the
90th annual academy awards are upon us
does anyone care I don't know
do I care a little bit I've seen like
90% of the films which is a first for me
normally I'm watching award shows and
I'm like what is that song who is that
artist what film just won most of the
time I feel like I'm totally out of
touch with what was popular or
considered popular at the end of the
year but this year I'm up-to-date on
what is considered to be popular all
that good films basically today I just
want to talk about a bunch of the Oscar
nominated films call me by your name
Lady Bird phantom thread the whole
shebang
some I'm gonna give like a lot of
attention to because I love them a whole
lot I can't make this a 30 minute video
so others I'm just gonna say like one
thing about also it should be known that
I have legitimately no right to be
talking about this in terms of I'm gonna
pronounce people's names wrong I am
going to say things that might be
incorrect but you know what I don't care
I want to talk about Timothy shallow
main Saoirse Ronan Harry Styles all of
them cuz I thought those are the first
three that come to my mind I was shocked
by some of the nominations so you will
understand if everything comes out
hearts and flowers I can show you around
that'd be great
thank you
so what do you do around here read books
transcribed music swim at the river go
out at night sounds fun alright later
call me by your name I'm gay as hell
therefore I automatically need to love
this movie
that's completely not true one thing
I've already said that's incorrect call
me by her name was a film that was made
for 3.5 million dollars and it's already
grossed over 27 million dollars and it's
up for three Academy Awards it's a film
by Luca Oh God quad quad quadrennial
quadrennial oh god I'm so bad
starring army hammer and Timothy
Charlemagne I love this film it was so
sweet it was so good that I like
immediately had to go immerse myself
back into it by reading the book it's a
film that's set in France and Italy if I
remember correctly it's in France but
they speak Italian or vice versa and
it's just so beautiful it's like this
beautiful coming of age figuring out
your sexuality film then I just loved so
much
Timothy champagne gave it a beautiful
performance and he's up for lead actor
of the year which by the way is very
rare the youngest person ever nominated
for male actor of the year was a 9 year
old but the youngest person ever win was
29 so Timothy being 22 if he were to
somehow win this category it would be
iconic and revolutionary also it's up
for film of the year so that wins that
means moonlight won last year and call
me by her name wins this year therefore
the gay agenda is real alive and working
well I just go to City College and then
to jail and then back to City College
and then maybe you'd learn to pull
yourself off and not expect everybody
you
lady bird is that your given name why is
it in quotes I gave it to myself it's
given to me by me ladybird ladybird is a
film written and directed by Greta
Gerwig it had a budget of ten million
dollars and has grossed nearly 50
million dollars already and is up for
five Academy Awards
Lady Bird is this beautiful
coming-of-age film that takes place in
California and all centers around this
girl who calls herself Lady Bird played
by Saoirse Ronan
I was so surprised at how this film was
able to connect with me and pretty much
everyone else that I know that's seen it
it just follows this girl through her
last year of high school into her first
year of college shows her real struggles
of adolescence finding herself figuring
out herself their struggles with her
parents
God the mother-daughter relationship in
this film is absolutely stunning it's
just it feels so real as much as I don't
have a mother-daughter relationship it
just felt really relatable in some weird
way quick facts about Greta Gerwig Greta
Gerwig is a female up for director of
the year there have only ever been five
female directors nominated for director
of the year which is royally fucked up
and only two have ever won it's the 90th
annual to Hollywood is sexist and it's
annoying so it's incredibly massive that
she's up for this also Timothy shallow
Mena's in this movie as well and Lucas
hedges they're both in multiple
oscar-nominated films that's annoying
they're so young and they have so much
talent it's so annoying answers from
Romans like only 23 - oh my god could
have a midlife crisis just going through
these no mattered hey why did you put up
these billboards my daughter Angela was
murdered seven months ago it seems to me
the police department is too busy
torturing black folks to solve actual
crime
diction I'm in the middle of my goddamn
Easter dinner sorry kid
three billboards outside of Epping
Missouri I went to this film having
literally no idea what I was seeing I
had no friends that had seen it yet I
hadn't read any reviews on it and
usually that's how I like to go into
films like if I have the chance to go
into a film line I usually have a better
experience so this film was written
produced and directed by Martin McDonagh
talented talented human it had a budget
of twelve million dollars and has
already grossed nearly a hundred and
fifteen million dollars worldwide and
it's up for seven Awards this movie
stars Frances McDormand Woody Harrelson
and Sam Rockwell and fucking Lucas
hedges - oh my god
every single person in this film
deserves an award every performance was
spot-on the film centers around a mother
whose daughter was raped and killed and
the movie opens up and it's a year after
her daughter was raped and killed and no
one is doing anything about it nothing
has happened
no one has charged nothing so Frances
character decides to take everything
into her own hands she puts up these
three billboards that basically just
call out the police and having Missouri
this brings the tea let's get real also
a fun fact I had to look up to heaven
even a real place and spoiler it's not
not that I would necessarily want to go
there no offense to anyone that lives in
Missouri yeah this one was really really
good
it's so harsh and crass you feel like
you shouldn't like it for some reasons
the people in it are quite racist I'm
pretty sure they're homophobic overall
just very problematic and yet everyone
is like slightly redeemed in the end
slightly not completely by any means but
you definitely don't fully hate anybody
in the very end beautiful film
very thrilling quite funny see it you
can so almost anything into the canvas
of a coat when I was a boy I started to
hide things and the linings of the
garment know me well you have to know
with me yes
phantom thread here's where things get
fishy I low-key what phantom thread to
win film of the year there I said it
I thought phantom thread was the most
beautifully filmed superbly acted film
that I think I've ever seen the costumes
are on point the script and the dialogue
were beautiful and it has a plot twist
in this economy the film is up for six
Academy Awards it had a budget of
thirty-five million dollars and as it
made it back yet
yikes making twenty eight million
dollars thus far it's a film directed by
Paul Thomas Anderson starring Daniel
day-lewis Lesley Manville and Vicky
creeps crepes crepes Viki crepes I think
one of the main reasons I really love
this film is because it's all about
fashion and it was filmed on
we'll film two things that I very much
appreciate it takes place in London in
the 1950s and it's centered around this
London designer these totally obsessive
and honestly low-key and asshole but you
can't help but appreciate because
everything he does is great all the
dresses he makes are stunning he doesn't
apologize for being an asshole because
at the core of it he's really not being
an asshole
he's just really self-centered every
single shot every frame of this film
I kept having my friend being like I
need a screen shot at that moment I need
a gif of this scene just because
everything was so pretty that I wanted
it to be my life it was so colorful and
Victorian and British and I think it
helped I saw tipsy my new favorite way
to see films drink responsibly yeah I
loved it I'm only four films in and I've
been filming for far too long so we're
gonna do a lightning round this may very
well be the most sensitive asset ever to
be housed in this facility
you may think that thing looks human
stands on two legs right but we're
created in the Lord Jim you don't think
that's what the Lord looks like yeah the
shape of water the directing the acting
the originality amazing definitely award
worthy it's up for 13 nominations and
not a spoiler but it's about a fish it's
about a fish and love its Beauty and the
Beast meets SeaWorld yeah I thought this
one was amazing I definitely don't think
in my opinion it's film of the year it
should totally get costume design
individual actors and it should get
Awards but I didn't leave it being like
everyone should see this but at the same
time everyone should see this could see
no brother running Chris was just
telling me how he felt much more
comfortable with my being named you know
sorry man get out get out is another
rarity horror films never make it into
the category of film of the year and
this one did it so that's a feat in its
own also this directed by Jordan Peele
who was a black man who's up for
directors a year as well 99% sure on
this there has never been a black male
or female director of the year which
again is fucked up 90th annual fucked up
I'm pissed
I would consider get out to be more of a
thriller than a horror it's definitely
freaky but
that's not your typical horror film if
it hasn't been spoiled for you yet your
mind is gonna be blown it's also funny
ten pretend see it I saw it twice I love
how I said this is gonna be a speed
round yet here I am friggin person
bashes in their friend's knee who would
do that to a friend hi Tanya we're
really gonna make it a speed round now
funny amazing acting sporty and iconic
story Allison Janney should win a Best
Supporting Actress for this role ten for
ten if unique one reason to see this
film it's because of her she plays this
horrible abusive mother and just plays
it really well she's so unlikable but
you like her because she's so unlikable
also for those who see okay we get it
also for those who have seen it the bird
in the film deserves an Oscar
dunkirk son Kirk was really good it was
a really unique war film the sound
engineering was amazing all the acting
was amazing as well but it's worth
saying that I thought Harry Styles was
incredible he really held his own
amongst that amazing cast and I'm also
excited to see him the florida project
beautiful unique feels more like a
documentary sets a light on a section of
america that doesn't normally have a
light shed on a 100% worth seeing I've
been dating this girl she's white I'm
white I look like you and yell white
girl okay
we hate terrorists it's a big sick
hilarious a really interesting love
story another film that I saw I knew
nothing about and left absolutely
praising it I think it might have been
the funniest film I saw last year ten
for ten
worth seeing but it's a strange business
isn't it thank you
okay that's it overall it was a great
year fulfilled there are a lot of
amazing unique diverse people up for
awards this year a lot of women should
be more women a lot of people that
aren't white should be a lot more people
that aren't white not many LGBT people
should be more LGBT people but still a
step in the right direction I hate a man
who grows for gold all the movies I
talked about are worth seeing they're
really really beautifully done and
honestly I'll be pretty happy if any of
them ones I'm secretly rooting for Lady
Bird call me by her name and fanta
threat just saying amazing what makeup
can do if you've seen any of these films
what were your favorites who should win
Best Actor who should win Best Actress
who should win film of the year leave in
the comments down below the best part
about this is that it's all subjective
and no matter who actually wins these
things take it with a grain of salt
because at the end of the day it's just
all opinion everyone's is going to be
different including the
versus the Academy that's what I'll keep
telling myself when my favs lose yeah I
love you guys having a great week
I hope you enjoyed this and I'll see you
next week
