the set is just so fake that's fake that
was posed that doesn't belong there
call most as fake as reality television
why would you say that hi three weeks in
a row you know they say you shouldn't
point out that you've made some
hard-hitting stories some things that
were in the news recently people didn't
know that you can search through your
photos like you can search words into
your photos and it will show you a photo
of that word if you have a photo of that
word there's got to be an easier way to
explain that I was gonna do a video of
me searching random words into my photos
and see what comes up
but I was rehearsing it again everything
is fake prior to this video and it just
wasn't interesting so that's not
happening but then I remembered a fun
fact about me I'm one of those people
that never deletes really anything on my
phone I have roughly 50 alarm set never
delete them my text messages never
cleared my internet history just there
unashamedly there so today we're gonna
take a look at the internet history of
connor franta i had to download new
software to be able to screen record on
my iphone which was not easy 2017 why is
nothing easy everything's just getting
more difficult okay let's just take a
random one and stop SoundCloud a
SoundCloud link that doesn't exist
anymore
I have a feeling that was to a song that
someone sent me that's probably deleting
it stop
Ceaser's calm me drunk at what I am
searching for like Little Caesars and I
just got to Caesars calm me has an
affinity for Caesar dressing and goes to
Caesars calm and then the tab below it
is just lunch
lunch at the Four Seasons oh so she's
fancy let's continue stop search for the
definition of humanities in case you
were wondering humanity the human race
human beings collectively neat
I was looking at the definition of
humanity who knows well can't be bad
this is hardly an expose yeah Urban
Outfitters calm what was I looking up on
Urban Outfitters calm up just new men's
clothing shopping on my day off I just
want to make sure this is on I'm nervous
is it uh are we on are we recording I am
such garbage I have just thousands of
tabs but does anyone really have the
time to delete their internet history I
ain't got nothing to hide
dazed 100 I was in today's 1200 so look
there's me I I probably voted for myself
like I'm trash also I got second place
in the days 100 which honestly I'm okay
with because I think thin from stranger
things beat me so you know if anyone's
gonna be in life it might as well be the
Entertainer of the Year and we'll stop
Tiffany's laundry okay oh is this for oh
this might have been when I was looking
at laundry spots to do photos in that's
not the right way to say that I was
looking at laundry mats because I wanted
to take photos in a laundromat of Billy
Eilish so this is probably one of the
random laundromat yep story is just dead
flatlined
girls girls grow pokemons pigeon I
wasn't looking up to the Pokemon just
like in a moment forget what the Pokemon
pigeon was called pants from Yelp she's
looking up her Yelp reviews who writes
Yelp reviews okay guys make sure you go
follow me on Facebook Twitter and Yelp
rot you know Yelp reviewers are the
unspoken heroes of this generation John
Williams compositions oh I went to see
John Williams at the Hollywood Bowl
which if you didn't know John Williams
basically has scored every iconic film
in pretty much history to name a few
jaws et Jurassic Park Star Wars need I
go on
okay let's stop doing it so random and
let's see if we can find some of that
real dirt I'm like the
peachie person there is in the world so
we're not gonna find dirt let's be real
oil washes any color any wash any
treatment oil what are these t-shirts oh
this is probably me researching
different ways to dye a t-shirt for
common culture clothing the work that is
put in I thought it was some form of
like beauty routine and I thought I was
just having a breakout moment and I was
like I need to figure out how to get
this oil out of my skin I thought it
said vodka six-pack but it says una
solar light six-pack me thinking I was
buying alcohol when I was just buying
lights to light my sidewalk oh my god
there is a certain level of domestic
that I didn't even think I could reach
call me a househusband I mean I have
millions of tabs is there any dirt in
here Edison bulbs actually wife me
nothing nothing at all UPS me looking
for my packages some buddy
marry me me looking up how my book is
doing in Australia there's gotta be
something in here that remotely Virgin
America close very close one word off
what few letters off Virgin American I
was almost pg-13 Wow well Connor Wow a
few things we've learned today I am a
good person
I am fully prepared for married life
also I'm just like boring as thank
you so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this video your support means
the world to me yeah I think so much
love you guys three video strong new
records breaking ground killing it leave
a comment down below what is the worst
thing in your internet history actually
don't leave that I don't want to know
okay love it
I'll see you next week
