hey what's up you guys surprised to see
me here I'm surprised to be here this is
a new record for a lot of videos in one
week I'm only here because I have a
super duper special announcement for you
guys I know I say stuff like that a lot
but this is honestly a really really big
thing for me to finally talk about as a
lot of you guys know I have been working
on my brand called common culture and I
have been teasing you guys for basically
a year about this I released common
culture coffee back in January and then
I was working on a capsule collection
back in like do you and I think it was
and like all of that stuff was leading
up to this very big moment where I would
launch all of that under one website one
brand one thing and adding in the music
everything has just been so separate
with common culture that it really
hasn't made sense until now today I
would like to introduce you guys to calm
and culture Co thank God it finally
works it's finally there it's on the
internet you can go to it whenever you
want common culture Co is where
everything that is common culture is
from now on forever more common culture
Co um common culture Co you will find
things like coffee clothing compilations
literally so many seeds tonner made
compilations coffee and clothing odd
common culture Co it's try saying that
10 times fast I have been working on
this brand in this website for literally
a year so I am so excited to finally
talk about it this website has been a
process let me tell you I designed it in
Photoshop and had to find someone to
actually turn into a website everything
from like the fonts to the logo so the
images used everything has been hand
picked hand crafts and hand designs by
me my literal heart is in this website
so I hope you like it if you go to the
apparel tab on the website there are so
many products that I have designed for
you guys there are two sweaters three
shirts a beanie and a five panel hat and
each and every one of them was
specifically designed by me to make the
best product possible a lot of clothing
brands are simply just a graphic tee
it's simply just a t-shirt with an image
stamped on it I don't really think that
shows that brand very well I have
products that are 100% common culture
from the little tag to the bottom the
inside logo above the neck to an
embroidered design these shirts are 360
common culture clothing you have things
like the colorful common culture
crewneck which has a custom neck logo a
custom tag on the bottom and then a
custom design on the front this is
probably my favorite product out of the
whole line I just think it's so
beautiful and simple yet colorful and
it's so soft and so great and there are
things like the sports tee the sports
tee is my second favorite I really like
the lines on the tee shirt by the
shoulders but also it has a beautiful
common culture embroidered logo it means
it's like stitch into the shirt do you
really be able to feel the texture of
the threads on the t-shirt and then if
you look at the bottom right hand corner
there's an embroidered stitch logo and
also it inside the neck logo so it's 360
100% Tom and culture clothing and then
we have things like the 5 panel hat the
5 panel hat I actually really like it's
got a nice belt buckle for the back and
then it's got a crown logo on the front
a common culture embroidered logo on the
back and I'm really in love with it and
again I just want to reiterate that
these are so custom this is a common
culture shirt with common coaster logos
and comic culture designs I've got a lot
of thought into each and every one of
these details and I just want to make
sure you guys know about and that's it
for the clothing section right now but
just let you guys know I will be
updating a clothing section very
frequently none of these designs are
permanent they're very limited now that
I have this hub to do design I'm
definitely going to be designing a lot
of different types of products if you
can think it comic culture can make it
so act fast and get them while you can
finally the coffee the coffee is a work
in progress
no pun intended the coffee will be
coming in January along with more
products and the coffee is something
that again I'm so excited about but I'm
gonna wait to talk about that until
January so until then you can just go
look at the coffee and kind of get a
feel for what or what it's gonna be also
I took this really cute picture that I
made out of beans go go appreciate it go
to the website so yeah that is that is
it that is what I've been working on for
like literally a year this website the
apparel the music the coffee be
everything it is all finally coming
together and I
not be more relieved I literally love
this brand and I love the website and I
love the clothing and I love how it
turned out and I'm really really proud
of the amount of quality in each and
every one of these products my whole
goal of table culture is to make things
that I would enjoy myself I'm going to
wear these t-shirts and these fighters
on these hats I will be drinking this
coffee because this coffee is um as I
listen to this music every single day
the whole a Macomb culture is to bring
that quality to you and to just give you
an overall new standard of lifestyle
yeah
that's what I've been working on believe
I mean like like what else can I be
stressed about so yeah do me a favor and
at least go look at the website I put so
much time in this and I just hope that
you can look at it and if you get
anything tweet me a photo please
it makes my day to see you guys enjoying
the things that I enjoy and the things
that I create so please please please
also this is going up right before
Christmas so show your parents maybe
they need some last-minute Christmas
ideas hello parents significant others
uncles and siblings talking about you
talking about you okay I managed to flap
on for so much longer than I thought I
would but I just I just have so much to
say so many feelings so many emotions
okay again that is common culture Co go
to it let me know what you think and
I'll see you guys Monday for another
video okay
