hello hello this is going to be
extremely awkward because I've been
Central Park hey what's up you guys so
today I find myself in Central Park
filming a video because I was bored of
my hotel room and I just wanted to get
outside plus it's like it's December
first of all and there's still these
leaves it's beautiful I'm happy I'm out
here I do warn you though there could be
crazy people and crazy things happening
because is Central Park so let's just
get started hope I don't die so good
stuff awesome you guys had a lot of
questions this week and I want to give
you a lot of answers so this week we're
doing a Q&A okay three two one go whoa
is New York York you and I place or
something seems kind of like that
apparently have you been naughty or nice
this year naughty probably nice let's be
real it's me what is happening with
common culture so much is happening with
common culture if you guys you don't
know what common culture is common
culture is literally my baby it is my
child I have raised it and it's growing
into a beautiful thing basically the
common culture I'm doing compilation
coffee clothing and a lot of stuff like
that is going to be released this month
and next month
really I do not know the timeline for
all I know it's out right now so if it
is go just Connor pop some information
on the screen but all you really need to
know is follow a common culture on
Twitter and Instagram and all that stuff
and that is where I'll be quit
interrupting me and that is where I'll
be posting all updates on everything
that is common culture that brand means
so so much to me I've spent so much time
creating it and shaping it and it's 100%
me and I just
I love it so go support that if you want
to what's it like traveling so much it's
really really fun to travel a lot but to
be honest it's so exhausting I it's time
zones are a crazy type of thing what's
on your Christmas wish list it sounds
really really corny but as I get older I
really don't have anything on my
Christmas list I used to make huge
Christmas lists growing up and like it's
slowly but surely gotten shorter as I've
gotten older
so not really anything right what part
of Christmas are you most excited for
I'm excited for a lot of things about
Christmas this year
I'm truly the most excited though just
to see my family my family every single
one of my family members is gonna be
home for Christmas this year and that
rarely happens nowadays so the fact that
everyone's gonna be home and we're all
done happy and healthy and probably
having a great time is more than enough
for me and I'm excited for like the
cookies everyone needs to call mad do
you have any goals to achieve in 2016 I
have so many goals I make so many goals
there's another human watching me this
is so great we thought this was a good
idea
it was me I am a goal person I love to
make lists and I love to make goals I
have a million different things I want
to do and I'm going to be making that
list at the end of this year so maybe
I'll make like an official video with
kind of my goals for 2016 when it's
actually 2016 and I can't stress enough
how important that is to make lists and
goals it has always helped me and I
can't recommend it enough so go do that
go make a goal sheet and maybe if you
feel comfortable enough tweet it to me
any recent obsession you'd like to tell
us about I'll give you a brief I brought
this with you I'll give you a brief
explanation I bought a camera and it is
a fuji film camera and it's like an
actual camera camera specifically for
taking photos basically and i've been so
obsessed with it here are some of the
photos I've taken
that's my recent obsession whoa I need a
new audio book do you have any
recommendations you know I do so for
this week's video like many videos I am
working with audible audible is a
leading provider of audiobooks with over
180 thousand different titles and each
month I like to recommend you guys a
book and this month I'm gonna recommend
you guys binge by Tyler Oakley
Tyler's one of my good friends and I
have yet to listen to his book but it is
literally next on my list I've heard so
many good things from so many people so
I need to listen to this and I can't
recommend it enough if you would like to
listen to Tyler's book use audible.com
slash Connor and sign up for a free
trial if you use Autobot compound at
free 30-day trial then you can download
binge or any other book read a book
how many driving tickets have you gotten
in your whole life I have been pulled
over twice by the police while operating
a motor vehicle and one time I have
gotten a ticket and it was probably one
of the scariest things in my entire life
I won't tell you much but I may have
cried how often do you wash your hair I
don't wash my hair that much I shower
every day but I use conditioner on my
hair pretty much every day someone once
told me that shampooing is really really
bad for your hair so being really really
dumb I did not actually look that backed
up and I just started using conditioner
instead go me awesome Google's the thing
remember that how do I stop making typos
I honestly cannot tell you I just tend
to get very excited when I'm like
tweeting things or texting things and I
do
send it really quickly and make a
million typos and haven't like looked it
over and it's just a flaw and my being
and I can't seem to fix it so Helen
sorry I have no recommend 8 just slow
down maybe that's my only recognition we
got a helicopter people they found me ok
now for a quick bonus five questions Wow
back in September I had my birthday
campaign with Prezi oh and Bobbi you
guys donate enough to get a Q&A
questions without further ado here are
those five people Karina Zhang wants to
know have you ever considered coming to
China I have I really really really want
to visit pretty much everywhere in the
world and China is no different I feel
like the culture there is so completely
different from what I experienced in
America and I would really love to
experience it one day
Tiffany Zimmerman wants to know what's
the most embarrassing thing that's ever
happened to you and I need to check my
iPhone because I randomly remembered the
most embarrassing thing that's ever
happened to me like the other night and
I wrote it down so let me look give me a
sec embarrassing moment that is what
it's under so I'm most embarrassing or
one of my most embarrassing moments I
have many I was in school one day and I
had a YouTube channel I had this YouTube
channel and I was like I just uploaded a
video I think either that day or the day
before and I was checking to see like
the comments and how it was doing and I
pulled out my phone during like this was
a college lecture like it was like 15
kids and a professor and they were
learning all that smart people stuff and
I pulled out my phone and the video
started playing really loudly and
everyone looked at me and it was my
voice it was really confusing that I was
like hey what's up you guys it's Connor
and I just like got immediately read and
like hit my phone cuz I had no idea how
to like turn off the video and then just
put in my pocket and continued to like
to look down throughout the rest of
class it was very embarrassing and I
bolted out there as soon as I could
utter humiliation jared lambert wants to
know do you ever make your way up the
Central Coast of California I actually
for being in California almost three
years I have never like driven up the
coast or gone on like a real road trip
so I have not but I really really want
to I feel like driving up the entire
coast of California would be an amazing
experience so I should do that one day
Matt Ratliff wants to know was there
anyone that you looked up there's a bus
was there anyone you looked up to that
influenced your perspectives and
completely influenced who you are today
the easy and kind of obvious answer is
just my family and my parents
specifically my parents are really
really good people they're really kind
they have a really good work ethic
my mom has instilled so many life
lessons in me whether its manners or how
to be organized my dad is incredibly
intelligent he's always been the type of
guy that knows how to work hard but also
play hard and he's incredibly goofy yeah
they have totally shaped Who I am today
and I can't thank them enough for that
and finally Daniel Ross wants to know
what's one place you've never visited
but you want to go to hi again I really
want to go to so many places in the
world I have yet to be to anywhere in
South America so probably somewhere
there but also Scandinavia in general
would be amazing I went to Sweden just a
couple weeks ago and it was so beautiful
I really just want to go to places that
are beautiful and have beautiful people
and I just want to go everywhere I
really just want to go everywhere the
world and Mars not Mars I do not want to
go to space that is scary
okay everybody though that that okay
everyone well that is it that is all the
questions I have you guys this week
let's just take a look at the park very
beautiful and it's also getting dark and
it's kind of cold yeah before that
happens I think I'm gonna go I love you
guys and I'll see you next week if you
enjoyed the video mission big thumbs-up
live Kampai
