hey what's up everyone
hey guys it's me I'm Ricky
welcome to my channel Ricky welcome to
my loss Ricky's been here a lot of times
and we've done a lot of videos in the
past so welcome back Ricky thank you
thanks for having me I'm excited to be
here
so today Ricky and I wanted to do a
video involving play-doh everyone's
childhood favorite yeah ding ding
basically I saw a video on grace
helbig's channel where they made things
out of play-doh so that inspired this
video
so basically Ricky and I have filled a
bowl with random people object youtubers
objects and more and more and random
thing yeah and we're gonna each pick one
out and then we each have to make it out
of play-doh and we only have 30 seconds
so it's super quick and they're probably
gonna look like to be honest yeah
except in elementary school I was really
good in art class
did you used to eat the play-doh oh yeah
I would make a little like food object
and heat it plate it was good I guess
she takes pretty good well yeah yeah
very like play-doh actually tastes good
I mean they make it edible because
little kids are stupid like oh yeah I'm
gonna eat this hunger green are you
really eating it let's see yeah it's so
salty why do you think it's salty like
why would what contains wheat this is
not gluten for you so I am I had to go
to CVS before this would buy all this
play-doh and it came with lots of shapes
and stuff and I just felt very weird
right we should use these to help of
school yeah they are definitely fair
game if you want to use the shapes
there's also scissors wait and let wait
little scissors if you need help like
and if your fingers are too short
tada you can use this to reach more for
more and if you can't create if one of
the options is a tiger oh it left me
it's like a cheese grater oh wait this
is the cute
really okay what is that that wasn't
your mouth it's a snack let's just do
this yeah yeah no I have to be able to
reach this okay well don't obstruct the
view put on the ground register let's
just lay them out let me get up the
timer 30 seconds on the clock okay Joe
we should look at the thing first big
one okay
oh and by the way we're just gonna guess
each other's and then if I can guess
yours you get a point because that going
up and viewers at home try and guess as
we construct two in the seat you got it
right we say the answer Ready Steady Go
already okay okay maybe like what's it
about what you do okay shut up
okay let's show our masterpieces the
viewers at home there's my aim whoa whoa
mines artistic okay do you want try and
guess my I'm disappointed I think I'll
do I'll do I'll give you a hint I'll do
the action of what it is
it said avocado Harvey clothes oh my
gosh chips and guac wow that was really
good hey I'm hungry I give you a hint
yeah I may get your head for mine okay
mine mine is lights a body alright or
not a body part it's an organ a
gallbladder you were to drink a lot of
alcohol that was just delivered it's a
purple because the livers not it's
brownish good job Wow so we wanted
really good I was hoping you would get
liver halfway through and be like a
lever round 2 I think you won that one
by the way by far Thanks what is this
okay I got one of yours okay I feel good
about this when I'm ready 3 2 1 start
cordovan be shaken I hope you like 30
seconds really are though I'll sit wake
up
wait at this number 1 pretty good if I
can write again
no all right time okay like I'm Food
Network show even that annoying time
have to show our creations
at home tada I'm obviously not gonna fit
okay what did you do
can you tell what did you do I if I have
like ten more cyclic could have made a
lot better I mean but like my first
instinct is like it's obviously an
animal Wow good job okay so should I
pretend that it's not purple yeah purple
is the wrong color it's a tiger really
close to zebra zebra yeah zebra if I had
egg Tim I kind of made them like slimmer
stripes and yeah yeah okay what is my
weight about it they're doing butter
with the thing off um a chicken no do
you need a little hint that laughs I'm
chicken and this scrambled eggs no a
brain oh god I wish I could put a shoe
on it a foot oh yes that's what I did a
bloody chopped off foot ding ding I
wanted to be like it's not like okay I
needed to be like a 3d like hunk with
like blood like I had if I had to that
30 seconds that's pretty good yeah it
sees it know I have thought of a bloody
chocolate foot by one of the other one
says a foot so we think alike it should
be add more time maybe 45 seconds okay
well this one will be 45 seconds okay
because we need to be able to create the
hardest part is over as an artist's we
have to be able to stop right for full
abilities oh okay this is like chopped
play-doh edition exactly we don't play
dough on this we don't play dough okay
uh new ones new round yeah I got a fun
one I got a good one too um not really
shape I'm using the same color scheme
hello all that okay uh no no no I'm
course I love it I don't luxury it right
now it's so tight
ah ah oh ah take a hit
duh I'm moving the remains out of the
way so you can see the actual picture Oh
Jose cute show the masterpieces okay
show the viewers at home
hey there's mine huge you built that
just right now that was not looked like
that cool I only added this it's a prop
what's yours is a pumpkin yeah a cute
one thank you hey guess I - I really
want to eat it that's mine from meerkat
no it's an animal no I'll give you a
couple of hints an elephant yes this was
a cat my god I know into this what I'm a
mouse really close a rat I'll give it to
you okay I was like that's catchy that's
a tail that's good okay I can't get you
I feel like you won the first two and I
just want that one you're definitely on
the phone.i time to winning round four
round four okay this one's hard
oh oh my god wait give me give me a
half a second hey look at these shades
what was the cheese grater oh I want
this one okay ready go not antic we're
lucky so badly right under vision okay
coming leave it oh this is such an ex of
it oh my god big fight about tonight
this is really hard
Wow I wonder who that could be so the
viewers at home here's fine hello who do
you think I don't know is that key and
Lolly how'd you know we're great wait no
I like literally look how perfect this
is for hair have any pretty I just would
like honestly kind of cheat under great
you know me when I'm cheap mine when I
explain it what make sense oh we had you
know who it is it's a snow no okay it's
a person and
this imagination flat best natural color
it's gonna sure he wears a lot just try
again
it's a person yeah this is a person
anyways it let me make sure I'm right
and I'm dead and and and and and um I
could play with this forever I can't
believe you guessed that this was the
key and Lolly without anything tell me I
don't know Dan how oh oh look wait Phil
wait
this is dead howl but look Phil wait
wait this is Qian Lally
okay this shirt was a gengar shirt Oh
Phil where is it I don't know yeah Wow
the fandom is going to know I know but
hey I knew this game gar like that
identical but like the Keelung fandom is
gonna praise me too but look at my
Gengar shirt Dan store from Phil wait
it's tied up two two two final round
folks final round
oh my god fine I'm down I'm mapping this
a long time 3 2 1 go hey now all the
light okay follow the white you cheater
good way to combine items so how do you
my vision 40 wait don't pull aside don't
look at us out of the top whatever and
the girly idol so special kind of early
in time stunt ding stop okay oh my have
to like hold it hmm let me show the
viewers at home let me show the viewers
at home my masterpiece
whoa whoa whoa Santa Claus yeah babe
well festive I know all right but like
literally looking out look at that
detail with everything okay do you know
mine mine's real easy Stonehenge
no look me during winter on a big
snowball a car whoa snow plows rocket
ship I don't know the battery died oh my
god it's a hoverboard oh my god I hit ah
there you go
you utilized I never got to utilize like
the scissors like
and they're just scissors I'd say Ã¬look
imagine if I gave my haircut I wanna see
this my hoverboards I could have made
that actual like right to but looks like
a cute ice-cream cone you know take a
bite I took a bite other cards include
jenna Marbles smoker dad dad
Obama cucumber Miranda sings pizza and
many more creamy frittata great we
doodle okay guys I hope you enjoyed that
little video that was fun I was really
fun yet if you guys enjoy the video give
it a thumbs up
oh thumbs up and also if you enjoyed it
subscribe and subscribe to Ricky because
Ricky makes good videos too
thank you it's a big black hair on them
and Ed we did a video on Ricky's channel
yes we did but you oughta check it out
what are we doing oh it's stuck on my
finger what are we doing we acted out
fan accounts in real life it's a little
serious I've been doing for a while now
agile I'm quite excited actually so go
click the link down below and watch that
cool love you guys love you more again
if you enjoy the video give a big thumbs
up in Cabo bye bye wait Merry Christmas
and a Happy New Year
