like oddly nervous for this it's weird
hey what's up you guys so exactly a year
ago today on this date I made one of the
most important decisions I think I've
ever made my entire life and I actually
mean that like I feel like that may have
been the biggest decision I've ever made
my entire life exactly one year ago
today I posted my coming out video on
YouTube and so basically I just kind of
want to sit down with you guys and talk
about that okay now that we got that out
of the way whoo I don't know I feel like
so like weird and nervous this is such
like a the thing I don't talk about a
lot of my channel and people always ask
me why that is like why don't I talk
about it a lot but say yeah I just kind
of want to sit down without like a
script without like any bullet points
and just really kind of open up to you
guys and talk to you about what life is
like for me one year after I've come out
let me just start off by saying thank
you thank you
thank you for all the support you guys
have given me after coming out coming
out for me was oddly amazing I had heard
so many horror stories about coming out
about that people may not like you or
family members will reject you but for
me it really hasn't been that type of
situation I have had a very very smooth
coming out experience and I feel like
it's important to highlight that to you
guys that it's not always bad sure it is
bad sometimes and that's really
unfortunate but I've had a really great
coming-out experience I'm gonna ramble
out in this video but I just I don't
want to go all over the place so I first
thought about like really really thought
about being gay at around age 13 and I
was so terrified of those thoughts and I
really really quickly pushed them away
and they kept coming back over the years
and I kept thinking about really
frequently but I didn't verbalize that I
was gay up until it's been two years now
about two years I was 20 years old
almost 21 years old until I had really
verbalized that I was gay that I had
come out to anybody that I'd even talked
about this to anybody it was such a
taboo topic for me
and I just I avoided it at all costs but
as soon as I said it and as soon as I
came out to that first person it was it
was so relieving that I just did it more
and more I quickly came out to more
friends I quickly came out to my family
I quickly came out to relatives my
grandma well my mom told my grandma but
like I talked to my grandma about it now
and it was so quick and so smooth I
think I came out to like the most
important people in my life within six
months after coming out to the first
person first person I can't talk a
little bit tongue-tied so that was
really really quick and every single
person that mattered to me went well
every single one I can't think of one
person that took it badly I can't think
of one person like in my entire life
that have ever had to come out to that's
taken it badly sure there's probably
some that I don't know about or some
people that I don't really talk to a lot
but the ones that I've had to do it to
all and great but yeah so the reason I
posted coming up at here on YouTube and
this is a question I get a lot is well
it's for a couple reasons
I posted a coming out video because
coming out videos were such an important
part of my coming-out process I watched
so many coming up that I'm gonna get
comfy now I watched so many coming up
videos I watched them all ten times over
and that was how I became comfortable
with myself and that was how I came up
to that first person before I came out
to that first person I remember watching
like every coming up video again that
night specifically because they like
empowered me so much so I really wanted
to give back to that community and I
really wanted to help any of you guys my
audience that were struggling with a
similar thing and it really has done
just that I feel like every time I go to
a meet and greet every time I meet
someone on the street or every time I do
anything involving my audience someone
talks about that to me and so that that
video was super important to them I have
relatives or friends of friends that
like reach out and say that video was
very important to them even if it wasn't
a similar thing they were going through
it was still like an important video to
them so it was great and posting that
video I don't regret it for a second I
think it may just be one of the best
things I've ever done with my youtube
channel with my life and I also posted
it for another reason I posted it
because I wanted to be what I am now I
wanted to be happy and I wanted to be
confident and I wanted to be comfortable
24/7 I can't tell you how great it is to
be able to just bring up boys in a
conversation or if someone is talking
about boys and I can just chime in or I
can now use gender pronouns because
before I used to use they and their
because I just was just afraid of it or
I would use her because I was in the
closet but like I used to avoid using
gender pronouns in videos or in specific
situations just because I didn't want to
talk about boys but now that I'm
completely openly gay I can do that and
I feel so comfortable all the time it
may not make sense to you if you haven't
gone through a similar thing but it's
just so nice to be able to say whatever
you want and not be afraid that people
are going to judge you for it
but I will say right after posting Neph
coming out video it wasn't like this
like I didn't immediately post the video
and I wasn't like perfectly happy
carefree amazing when I posted the video
I was terrified I was scared and I was
nervous for like weeks afterwards it
wasn't a quick fix it took a while to
feel fully like it had happened if it
took a while to kind of become an openly
gay person and it's still kind of as a
learning curve to me to be honest even a
year later I still feel like it's
strange to say the word gay gay gay it
just it feels strange to say and I'm
still getting used to it in a weird way
but yeah after I posted the coming-out
video the best way to explain it is that
I just felt naked like think of your
biggest secret your deepest darkest
secret you've never told anybody and
then think about telling it to I think
the video has like 10 million views now
like 10 million people it was scary and
since the video got so many more views
than I thought it would it was even more
scary
I remember one specific situation where
I had like finally left my house like I
finally stopped hiding in my house and I
went to get a coffee down the road and
the barista gave me my coffee and as I
was walking out he said hey by the way
congrats on coming out and I like ran
out of that shop because I was like oh
my god the whole world knows everyone
knows my secret is out and it's exactly
what I wanted but it was just weird that
hadn't happened so yeah it took a while
to be
come comfortable and it's still taking a
while to fully become comfortable
switching topics I've become more
comfortable within the last couple
months that I've that I've started
joining and promoting and attending
lgbtq+ events and organizations I felt
nervous to do anything in that realm
because I didn't feel like I quite
belonged just yet even though that kind
of sounds silly but I just didn't feel
like I could contribute or I didn't feel
like I was ready and I also just didn't
feel like I would be fully like accepted
in that community yet since I was so new
I felt like the new kid at school
essentially but now a year later I've
attended a lot of events and I've
promoted some organizations and it's
just been great
it's been great and I can't wait to do
more of that a question I also get a lot
too is what's what's a daily life like
after coming out like not how do you
feel but like what happens so one thing
about coming out is that you're you
don't just come out once you have to
come out a lot of times I still find
myself a year later coming out to random
people on a daily or weekly basis even
if it's just as simple as being at a
friend's party and having to slip the
term boy in there or he or something I
just have to like I slip those types of
things into the conversation to let that
person know that I'm gay if I find it
appropriate like I don't just go around
being like I'm gay I like boys like I
don't I don't do that but like if need
be I do it and it's kind of like a
talent learned I've gotten better at it
like instead of saying I'm gay I will
just talk about boys oh say oh yeah I
did it this guy one time it did this or
guys guys boys boys and then they know
and it was definitely like an awkward
thing at first and I used to avoid it so
much I used to even after I was openly
gay after I made the video I still used
to avoid it a lot but now I'm getting
better at it and I'm way more
comfortable with it and I kind of don't
really think of the potential
consequences of doing something like
that it just is become so normal to me
that I don't even think that sometimes
people don't like gay people which is
another weird topic for me I it's still
it's strange to me because I live in Los
Angeles and Los Angeles is a really
LGBTQ plus friendly state city Los
Angeles is a city California is a state
is really friendly so it's easy I can
like hold the boy's hand
I won't really have to think much about
it or again I can like come out to
someone and I really won't have to think
much about it but I travel a lot so I
have to make sure I'm aware of that
because some places aren't as friendly
as California and Los Angeles even when
I go back home to Minnesota and I'm with
like friends of friends that I've never
met or friends relatives I've never met
I kind of avoid the topic sometimes
because I'm afraid that it'll like make
that person uncomfortable or I don't
know their view on being gay so I just
kind of I still a year later avoid it
because I'm afraid that it could go
wrong or it could be awkward or
uncomfortable I never like deny my
sexuality I just don't bring it up and
that's it's still a weird topic to me
like it feels really wrong to do that
but I don't know I do it that's the
truth but yeah that's um that's pretty
much what my life has been like a year
after coming out it has honestly been
incredible I feel like a completely
different person than I was a year ago
not only do I feel more happy and
comfortable and confident I feel oddly
more like open to difference in
diversity and I feel more educated on
difference in diversity and I just feel
like I've become a more well-rounded
person because I've accepted this part
of me and I've learned so much about
this part of me in just a year's time
and for the record I feel incredibly
fortunate to have had the coming-out
experience that I've had I again I see
so many so many sad stories from people
online and in the news
about coming out situations that didn't
go so well and it just it breaks my
heart that people can be like that to
other people and it I can't teary-eyed
um and yeah it just I don't quite I
don't it's something that I don't think
I'll ever understand um I just I don't
know how people can't accept other
people for just being different whatever
type of difference it is I just I I
don't get it and it really saddens me
that there are people in the world that
can't accept everyone for who they are I
feel sad for those people who are racist
or homophobic who are sexist I feel
really sad
for you you're missing out on a whole
big wide world a spectrum of different
types of people and I'm sorry
that you're going to miss out on that in
life because it's great it's really
really really great that everyone is
unique Wow I don't know how I got into
that motivational speech but coming out
has been great for me I feel happy I
feel healthy I feel like I'm going
nowhere but up in my life right now and
if you watching this one of my viewers a
complete stranger one of my friends when
my family have contributed to that thank
you my life has been forever changed
purely by that coming out video and by
the smooth process that I've had and I
can't wish that enough for everyone else
to anyone watching it can go really well
it really can I feel like I have an
absolutely amazing life in such a bright
future and I wish that for every person
in the world I wish everyone happiness I
really do I just wish everyone were
happy and that's such a sappy thing to
say but I really really do if you guys
have any more questions about what my
coming-out experience has been like or
if you have any more questions about the
lgbtq+ community leave them in the
comments down below and maybe I'll do a
another video like this oh yeah
I love you guys I hope you're having a
great week thank you for watching thank
you for listening and I'll see you next
time
