hey oh my god you scare me surprise
surprise
come on if I haven't seen you in a year
I know I find you with my vein and then
every time I feel stalking you or long
hey Miranda how are ya no good now
adjourn here oh wait I've read two
injures myself pretend you're out there
go down go down
hey what's up you guys it's Connor today
I'm here with me Maryam bussines famous
person I bet they had no idea I was
coming no they had no idea they are
graced with your presence I know you're
welcome I feel lucky to have you on my
channel you are lucky no friends I'm
just I'm doing you a big favor
yeah by being here today no thank you
thank you so much I do what I can for
the little people so today we thought we
would play a little game for you guys
logging you love games we're gonna play
never have I ever have your play never
ever ever never have I ever say that
number I'm never you know I was doing
have you played no basically put a
five-minute five fingers hang in my
pants by fingers you have five guesses
five no five lives think of them as
lives their DVDs yeah yeah like a like a
cane yeah there you go
and basically you're gonna say things
that you think the other person hasn't
done so never have I ever eaten poop and
if you've done that you have to put down
the phone that was easy
yeah do we have to get rid of your
fingers no so you keep your finger the
loser has to jump in the pool I don't
have a pool go get one quick dig a hole
so the winner gets to buy the loser a
pool to jump into there you go the
stakes are high I know you're rich so
you can afford one yeah I'm putting
ranch
yeah and famous and famous and pro
flanks so what do you know nice or not
lie you want to go first you owe me go
first
Yates are loafers never have I never
been ugly I've seen your baby bitch
wrong you are wrong for lying but that's
fine next one don't let you keep one
just cuz I'm not
okay fine never have I ever written a
daddy saddle what bank you've never
written a Danice I don't know are you
lying to me letting go we never written
a daddy saddle you're losing I'm around
um you have written a daddy saddle
because I went to your house one night
you are sleeping no and I put it on you
oh and I wrote on the dynasound
and your bed just keep your finger down
and keep your distance please my next
one next one
never have I ever been named Connor
that's targeting this is really hard all
night me email you think you're doing
some sort of illegal symbol my Blaine's
doing miss like The Hunger Games have
you seen that movie
that's Hamill never have I ever never
have ever never have I ever had a Bey
that I thought was straight but turned
out to be gay mmm okay what about Joey
Graceffa joint Graceffa what about me um
huh I think you're what about me what
about you I'm gay happy yeah and gay
I thought you are American I like boys
you want me to bring minds think alike
this is gonna work out there you go
mango never have I never your losing you
better think quickly
don't yelling at me going on never have
I ever not wanting to marry Connor
Franta I would give it a try yeah funk
you want to oh this is true 20-degree
not it you want to marry me you said you
want to marry you very it's a horse I
thought were hot me Joey
sorry Trancas - a we looked Safin
awesome combo just life on sir but just
look John we have fun so yes never have
I ever been on tour
no wait I have never mind never mind
take that ticked it down wait what am i
two or three I don't know
yarn zero i won so never how am I
ha Heil to hit long targeting again and
I was an accident by the way don't like
I wear this piece and I know Miranda
yeah piece and pop show me was pizza
okay that was come on do something what
you did it this is what the cool kids do
okay punch dang never on have my ever
just taken my phone out to take a selfie
with Miami this is it are you play the
game yes it is those don't you do that
yeah so you lost you lost calm never
have I ever had two fingers up right now
don't just let know if you get one more
try it's a tie game never never
what's he never had Miami always didn't
whenever I wasn't there because of what
happened before I went because you know
how I asked when I do that thing cuz
otherwise it isn't my fault because of
what he did the time before I think it's
safe to say I've never done you're
really good at this I know I'm good at
everything I should have known that by
though never have I ever been best
friends with my uncle ding ding ha ha
one- how do you feel how does it feel to
be a loser I'm a loser I'm doing
cheering I thought you were good at
everything lost on puppies cuz I'm a
nice posting for you
Conor cuz I love how does it feel to be
if I want you gone and that's why how
does it feel to be a loser how does it
feel to get broken up with right now
that what you want your eyes are
beautiful thank you says this when we're
fine we're fine what together we're
gonna get married it's fine we're fine
god I was nervous sweating with nerves
please smell again story thank you
well I think that's about it that's the
body thank about did it we found out
that you're a loser and I'm a winner
I'm not alone Oh julisan him he's a lion
in a channel you know out of your home
he's a lawyer
no cheetah I lost on purpose so that he
would buy me a pool
because that was the deal wait I just
remembered I get a whole no I get one
the loser gets the pool the winner buys
the loser the pool
rewind exactly how it works yeah we'll
play a game on your channel and then we
can figure out okay what do we do on
your channel Randa we did youtuber and
branching impressions impression in
break jeans Graceffa where's Anna I'm in
branching you guys wanna go check out
the video I did with Miranda's channel
you can click Miranda's beautiful losing
face how are you click the link down
below and while you're there you should
subscribe thank you
they're already subscribed to me do you
need that your face needs a help my knee
and pool okay uh visitors your Victor's
up leave a couple of my
