okay hey what's up everyone today I'm
here with Colleen Colleen you've never
been on my channel no I haven't I'm
soaked we are evil twin is mainly just
when Miranda has been on my channel one
time long ago so we decided we're on a
film a collab together buddy
and I've never been to Colleen's house
so I'm like so yeah you have a table we
have a table and a kitchen and how
obvious and all the things all the
things but today we want to play a
little game for with you guys okay
before you guys go to play a little game
for you guys LM says we are gonna play
the urban dictionary challenge so
basically the urban dictionary challenge
is where you pick a random urban
dictionary word you try and define it
and that's it I'm excited yeah I'm
excited too because urban dictionary is
weird and has lots of weird words like
I'm gonna be terrible at this so how
does this work we just write down the
piece of paper and then we reveal it or
how does it work yeah and I'm trying to
think wait how do you get points oh you
have to say yeah who is better I guess
Jesus closer so we have random words
we're gonna make up try and make up the
closest definition or the funniest where
did you feel just judge away what is the
first one is actually dick oh well imma
grab the worst handwriting in the world
by the way as a handwriting with three
rooms huh I need to think about this
what am I should draw a little visual I
think mine is very wrong but whatever
okay more creative as we go a very dirty
penis that has become so crusty that the
crust has broken up into powder and
resembles ash that's the grossest visual
ever I was way more literal when yo dick
is dry and the skin is flaking off like
Ash's suggestion try lotion
there's no sexual intercourse for a long
period of time it does not get wet oh
that's funny
okay wait so we're I'm surprised neither
of us we're really correct Oh half a
point each okay have a point okay I'm so
ready it is still lurking in stun staff
installation in stellar pain instant
lurking I'm done okay you go first on
presenter okay insular can when you like
someone so you creep on their old
Instagram photos insta lurking Instagram
lurking okay I speak some kind of the
same thing when he stops someone on
Instagram for a long time and linger on
one of their photos you are in still
Erlanger linger on what you like staring
in for long what a creepy vision is like
have you ever done that like gone way
back oh yeah and the worst is when
you've gone what oh yeah I found a wave
I've done Michael doesn't Lee but like
not so far I'm pretty far back I got
Freddie front back because I want to see
what they look like a really long toe
like hello Kylie Jenner's Instagram I
like go way way back I thought I won do
that the progression of her lips what's
the actual definition the actual
definition is doing more than 25 weeks
deep into someone's eyes sanitize and
Instagram take and not like in any
pictures I think that I'm leaving any
pictures yeah creeps on their oldest
yeah on their old cuz I don't anything
about doing their old ones okay
1.5 2.5 next one I do you like this game
do you feel intimidated I'm so
intimidated by you never bring it on my
shit I feel like these are all phrases
such a bad speller I just I give up like
this looks like chicken scratch anyone
say chicken scratch anymore yeah say
that on my shit when you are super on
top of your test for the day and you're
super efficient you're on your shit so
like okay I'm on my shit I got
everything done to it okay I thought
like the completely opposite to be
honest on my shit when a person is
nagging you are bothering you to do
something they're on your shits
yeah they're on your case yeah the
actual wanted meaning that you're you
know mistaken you are on guard to take
care of yourself hey man you okay
yeah man the competition is brewing next
one is tri-c bitch
oh how these are like so yeah biatch
trifling biatch you seem to know this
one I just made Yulin bitch
oh here's a hole this one one too many
times yeah oh my god show me in school
like it was like write a paragraph on
what this means I'd write like ten pages
like trying to make up some to make my
longer I would make this font 12.5 or
the periods this gets real boy by yes I
used to do that one time I got caught
and it was so embarrassing am I so bad I
don't know what to think
trifling biatch when a person is
constantly bothering you about something
I don't know when a crazy girl is making
up lies about you she's a traklon biatch
she had like a country actor - maybe I
drop him be my husband's from the south
it's rubbing off my husband's from
husbands from some of us can dream
trifling bitch bless her heart
and a backdoor girl a girl who can't be
trusted who's all about opportunity and
doesn't care who gets hurt her feelings
are never real and turned off and on
based on what's in it for her
oh wait that's my Twitter bio can you
slightly bitch
yeah alright quit being such a trifling
I'm sweating within town you need to see
time okay who goes first you me me okay
okay
give me some face stuff give me some
face time when the bay wants some Skype
sex he wants to see the day we've all
been give me some face time when you're
texting someone so much constantly and
you're sick of seeing their words and
you want to see their face oh that's
cute give me some face time what it
really is a way to screw be telling some
you want oral sex
oh fish damn it yeah I know
are you forgetting this is the Urban
Dictionary challenge adopted together
harried cuz then you're in the Hanuman
face the next round I'm just gonna be
like dick dick dick dick dick the way
sex with me yeah we want to eat a
lollipop when you want to hold their
hand really tight cuz you love them
that's it nothing you go my answer was
literally 200 l-living boo and
commitment describe this I know it's
hard I'm gonna grab some water
okay I'm gonna make mine up on the spot
okay sounds good okay when someone asks
you this you better commit to running
away because if they have Hulu dump them
dump the shit out of them hey those were
the old ones come back child I lose for
the old ones I think you answered my
question when your past Netflix and
chill you watch a doc on Hulu and you're
basically married
oh no you you had Netflix and chill
already yeah we've done that with
sensual multiple times and then one day
a girl is like hey there's this great
documentary on night and Earth on Hulu
can we watch it and then instead of
Netflix and chill
you blew and you fall asleep I feel like
I know it now like I feel like I did it
like once you Netflix and show too much
you're like you better Hulu in committee
yes plan a theater is afraid necklace
and Sheldon update is for those looking
to binge watch TV shows with another
person while in a relationship listen
chill I think you might be ready for
romance Ramage I think we're learning
something just say that you've won at
this point yeah yeah sure okay yeah yeah
I want my line and mine I love sex with
my husband I love winning games
that's skip you just want to do I could
never seen okay so Colleen wanye that's
getting to him yeah and the prize is you
all subscribe to me now we're gonna play
now that we're moving on we're gonna
play a little game of seeing what I mean
our names mean and Urban Dictionary yes
so we're gonna look up our names okay
people tweeted me parts of me no no not
the whole thing I just know one specific
part so clean Oh
fashionable girl yes I am breaks heart
and eats them for breakfast oh and the
other one is an Irish girl because an
Irish family girl
Oh at least my have you seen it yeah
Connor Connor person with large penis
Wow well the truths out everyone oh my
God look at the size that he must be a
good honor Oh God it kind of doesn't
like you said Connor you expect
greatness wait can I look at Miranda
sure it's like I'm Dalek I'm done I'm
fun
well Miranda's is really long this name
means admirable and lettin Miranda are
very eclectic bro she can be extremely
intelligent hmm I'll going mmm sweet hmm
talented Dorothy Eilish and gorgeous all
at the same time I mean doesn't it kind
of perfectly describe Miranda that's it
that's it that's it that's it Pauline
one Potter one with his wiener okay so
um if you enjoyed this video make sure
to big thumbs up that was fun that was
awesome man if you want to check out
another video go to Colleen show what we
do on your channel : we tested out
99-cent store products they were
pregnancy tests their bacon bacon there
was sex lube there were giant whistles
that glow it was a lot a lot of stuff so
if you want to check that out quick
Colleen's face or click link below and
while you're there subscribe oh thank
god not only because she won because she
makes get a minion and if you're from my
channel you to subscribe to color right
now like or else you will have bad luck
you know those Instagram posts you see
they're like are you sorry poses you
have bad luck and you'll never have
children you'll die at age 12 you don't
worry tweet in 10 seconds your fave will
not notice you so subscriber your fame
on this but that's my new tactic um yeah
okay I think
gonna go uh every lose video
hi
