it's just over we're just gonna go for
me cuz yep
that's why good explanation Connor hey
what's up you guys won I would like to
warn you and apologize that there may be
noise throughout this video because I'm
in New York City and it's just quite a
noisy place that's the one thing I've
learned a lot about in New York City
that there's just noise everywhere at
all times of the day never stops and
never quits it's just always so noisy
oh god also think number two that I'd
like to apologize for is that I'm quite
sick or at least I was quite sick
yesterday in the day before I'm kind of
getting better so if I'm sniffling or if
I sound weird that's why so great I'm on
so much medication yay ah my chest hurts
everything is hot oh yeah so basically I
am a dummy Q&A in months so I went back
so I went to Twitter got some regrets
questions and I'm going to be answering
them now so let's do that let's go okay
are you reading this yes is this going
to be in your video yes have you gotten
to experience fall yet yes do you have a
twin locked in the basement well I guess
you guys found my deepest and darkest
secret everyone I would like you to meet
my twin coot coot oh god I love the
Internet in a zombie apocalypse what
weapon would you use my deadly sense of
humor I don't know if you guys can hear
what's going on out there but there's
just a lot Mac Mac mom down kids trying
to film an Internet video what's your
favorite candle scent hmm that's a
difficult one but basically anything
that's like a an evergreen or a pine or
cedar like if it's a tree it's probably
my favorite candle scent you're sick did
you drink your medicine and plenty of
fluids you don't even want to see all
the medicine I have I have like a pile
of little things that I've been taking
every day God it's so it's correct bull
also I always have emergency with me so
that's just great so lots of fluid lots
of vitamins
love it so good amazing I drink like
eight bottles of water yesterday it what
I didn't know a human could consume that
much I'm surprised I didn't drowned
internally any recommendations on
audible.com for all of you that do not
know audible is the leading provider of
audiobooks with over 180 thousand
different titles and also a proud
sponsor of this channel so many books
and I know I recommended this book
before but it was before I had actually
listened to it and I'm listening to it
now I actually listen to it right over
there I was listening to him planes and
then I actually went out one night it
was so random like at nine o'clock I'm
so random oh right over there down on
this park I was really weird I was
listening to it like 9 p.m. by myself I
have all the friends yeah so I'm
currently listening to the girl on the
train and it's so good it's from like
multiple perspectives and it's a murder
mystery and I've been really into murder
mysteries recently and it's just it's
really well written it's really
captivating I'm like flying through it
so I'm very much enjoying it so I highly
recommend that so if you'd like to
download a book for free go to
audible.com slash Connor if you use
audible.com/tyleroakley listen to the
girl on the train but there's a million
different other books an NT of books
yeah go enjoy go listen to it outside
like me whatever read a book
do you like my pug oh my god Joe no stop
no no more no more hugs are so cute oh
my god I like pugs purely because they
look very scared and confused all the
time like their big eyes I was just like
they just look very afraid of the world
and like someone needs to help them
through everything I don't know I love
pugs they're so cute your mom or your
dad who get better Christmas presents I
don't know if this is the same for
everyone else but my mom always buys the
Christmas presents so anytime on
Christmas me and my siblings will you
know still wake up and go open Christmas
presents and it's always like thanks mom
oh and thanks dad cuz my dad has no idea
what we're getting oh it's like a
running joke every year to like just
thank my mom and be like oops I mean
thanks dad too but my dad is like no
idea you like slip up every year and be
like what you get there and I'm like
it's a present from you it'll be like do
you like it tell everyone to vote for
you because you're a finalist in the
people Choice Awards that is a mouthful
I mean since you're telling me too
why not we're finalists in the People's
Choice Awards whoo-hoo which is
absolutely amazing like that's
incredible so thank you guys I only got
nominated because of you guys so thank
you if you guys wanna vote I'll put the
link down below I'm pretty sure you can
vote like as many times as you want as
frequently as you want which is really
strange
so just click the link down below and
vote as much as you want I really
appreciate it how do you feel the people
take time to make fan accounts that
support you I think it's the cutest the
most adorable thing I always love seeing
how creative you get with like
incorporating my name into your Twitter
username and how you guys are always
trying to make like matching layouts and
stuff and usually I can remember who you
guys are at meet and greets because I
know your Twitter handles cuz I'm
constantly talking I'm on my stop games
yeah I think it's absolutely adorable so
thank you ok we need to take a break to
hydrate got to get my hydration on I
love the taste of vitamins in the
morning it's my favorite thing are you
currently working on a secret project
duh always feeling festive yet maybe too
festive
opinion on this hot photo of you hmm
quit sharing my nudes quit sharing my
news all I see on my timeline is this
photo thank you for that these photos
are private they're from my past let me
live okay okay
quit sharing my nudes
and that's a wrap folks that's it we're
done the scene is over more liquids I am
sweating perspiring purse perspiring
perspiration presbyterian words are
weird
I just assaulted you ah I hope you guys
enjoyed this quick fun little video ha I
do more Q&A is honestly love doing them
they're so fun maybe I'll do a YouTube
one next time so if you guys have any
more questions leave them in the
comments down below and of course if you
enjoyed this video make sure to pick
thumbs up great awesome amazing but okay
I'm gonna go continue to drug up and
sleep and all that good stuff I will see
you guys next week if you enjoyed this
video a big thumbs up Lin table bye
