hey what's up you guys Wow look at
little old me here on a Friday surprise
like anytime I do a Friday video
everyone's like oh god what's he gonna
say what's going on in there what's
happening he never does this yeah you
know things happen but today I am so
excited you guys I have a little
announcement as you guys know over a
half a year ago I released my book my
book my book a work in progress and you
guys have been nothing but supportive of
that book it's been absolutely
incredible has exceeded all of my
expectations like truly it may have been
the best thing I've ever worked on so
because of that I created this oh my god
it smells like a book it feels like a
book it is their book so I did not
create a new book this is not a new book
by any means but it's a hardcover
version of my own book with lots of
bonus things yep that's hard right there
my book as you guys know is paperback
and is very flimsy so I really wanted to
create a hardcover version of it for
people who want the hardcover version
but I couldn't just create a hardcover
version of the same exact book that
would be pointless I wouldn't know nope
it could not have that it needs to be
special so this book is full of lots of
special things like it has New York
Times bestseller on the front it looks
very cute it's very official its
hardcover so it's hard each one of them
is signed by me on the first page
I signed literally all of them every
single one there are thousands so you
couldn't make it to one of my book
signings this is a way for you to get a
signed book and I'm glad that I'm able
to do this for you if you really want to
sign copy and the biggest part about the
book is that there is the bonus material
in the back of the book there is over 20
pages of bonus material in the book so
when I wrote the book there was
obviously things I had to cut and some
of it I really didn't want to cut so we
put it in this version of the book
essentially the extra information is
probably gonna be really interesting to
you my YouTube audience because it's all
about YouTube it talks about my youtube
journey from beginning to end
like highlight certain moments and talk
about what I was going through those
moments yeah just give me some insight
into my YouTube history that's it this
is this is it I'm so excited this is it
sounds weird but this is what I pictured
the book to look like all along like
this is this feels like what it should
have been from the very beginning so I'm
so excited to have this I just I look
like I'm like mm-hmm yep I'm down here
and now I gotta get all specific because
I want to tell you guys exactly how you
can get this book because it's available
exclusively to buy in stores you can't
buy it online you can't preorder it
nothing you have to buy it in stores so
the book will be available in the United
States United Kingdom Canada Australia
and India so if you happen to be in one
of those places you can get the book
it'll be available in the US exclusively
at Barnes & Noble beginning the 24th
it's part of their Black Friday sale and
everyone knows how crazy like read again
so be careful and go and get it it'll be
in the UK at Waterstone starting
November 19 yep yep November 19 and then
for Australia Canada and India is also
available to 24th and for those three
places there's no specific bookstore so
you just got to go check them all it's
not exclusive to one bookstore so it
really could be anywhere I wish it was
more specific about that but it
literally could be anywhere and that's
pretty much all the details I will say
though I've signed every copy so I know
that the copies are super limited
there aren't many so if you really want
this and you want to read the bonus
material and you want to like have a
nice cute hardcover book and get a
signed copy
there aren't many so you need to go out
that day just to make sure you get a
copy I wish there was a way to preorder
but there's no way so the only way is to
go to those stores but yes this is a
secret I've been keeping for a while and
I'm so excited to show you guys that you
know that book smell it just smells like
a book and I love it and it's like heavy
which is nice and like special I'm not
gonna show you the whole thing that's
why I'm not even gonna include any like
HD shots and a book cuz I'm like gotta
go see it yourself I gotta go in the
store and you gotta go look at it can I
say side note to this announcement I
absolutely love all the photos you guys
been taking of you with your book so if
you go and get this one make sure to do
the exact same thing and if you do use
the tag a work-in-progress hardcover
it's gonna be a really long tag but use
the tag of work or progress hardcover
and I'll make
be looking through them and following
people who get it and all that but yes
I'm just very excited personally but
yeah that's basically it so if you
enjoyed this little announcement give it
a thumbs up and leave a comment down
below where are you from
and if you're from one of those
countries are you gonna get the book if
you're not from one of those countries
should I figure out a way to get the
hardcover book to your country but yeah
that's basically it so I hope you guys
are having a great Friday
umm I am and I'm so excited you guys
know about this so um yeah I think I'm
gonna go if you're just pretty good pick
those up new couple
