hello everybody hey what's up you guys
hey hi greetings and such so lately my
body has been completely bombarded by
new music I feel like every artist in
the entire world
is dropping new music right now and my
fragile heart just can't take it to be
honest I love music so it's just a lot
and I have a lot to say and a lot to
listen to so I thought we should just do
it together because that's love isn't it
that's love that's definitely love so
that's why this week I am bringing back
the series what popular songs really
mean by me okay let's do this so if
you're new to the show this week I'm
going to be analyzing song lyrics there
are a lot of really popular songs in the
radio that sound really good
but then when you look at the lyrics I'm
not quite as good so today I'm going to
be going through some of the most
popular songs in the world and analyzing
their lyrics and we're gonna find out
what they really mean the name of the
video isn't it I don't even need to look
this up but the first most popular song
in the world right now is Adele is hello
by Adele hello oh my god this song done
fucked me up like there's no other
better way to describe it it just messed
with every emotion that I had have all
of them all of them are completely
screwed up thanks Adele I think thanks
Adele could be the new thanks Obama
thanks Adele we're out of milk but I
want to have cereal thanks Adele it's
really hot in my apartment but I don't
want to take off my sweater thanks Adele
Sun is going down and I have a limited
filming time thanks Adele this song is
really good and I know the lyrics are
good but we're gonna look it up anyways
okay okay got that nobody better ever
shade Adele she's a queen she's the
queen of the music industry okay okay
hello it's me the most iconic comeback
in music history right there and then
people I was wondering if after all
these years you'd like to meet to go
over everything they say that times
supposed to heal ya but I ain't done
much healing so she obviously wants to
meet up with someone that she's loved in
her past but they've broken up since
then
and she's saying that time is supposed
to heal people but for her it hasn't
worked but I think is just absolutely
sad we don't know how long they've been
broken up but I feel like it's been a
long time hello can you hear me I'm in
California dreaming about who we used to
be when we were younger and free I've
forgotten how it felt before the world
fell at our feet oh so sad oh there's
such a difference between us and a
million miles so they're really
different people and obviously now that
she's in California for something he is
far away hello from the other side I
must have called a thousand times to
tell you I'm sorry for everything that
I've done but when I call you you never
seem to be home
it's so sad it's just like Adele really
wants the relationship to be better and
to be fixed but the other person does
not and she's trying harder she can
she's calling a million times but the
other person just doesn't want to fix it
she's like speaking into the boy this is
so sad hello from the other side at
least I can say that I've tried I tell
you I'm sorry for breaking your heart
but it doesn't matter it clearly doesn't
tear us apart anymore I feel like Adele
could write about a napkin and I would
just be emotionally destroyed what I
really enjoy a side note to this alaric
analysing what I really like about Adele
is that her music video is not sexual it
doesn't have some political issue it's
not necessarily pushing any boundaries
and yet it got the most views in the
fastest time in history people liked the
music and the music video for what it is
for the art that it is it doesn't need
any fancy gimmicks or click baby images
that ladies and gentlemen is why Adele
is the Queen moving on sorry by Justin
Bieber
is it to me another tune that I am quite
in love with Justin Bieber has been
killing it I missed the Biebs I'm happy
he's back I've looked at the lyrics for
this one I really really like
and everything you gotta go and get
angry at all my honesty you know I try
but I don't do too well with apologies I
think he's about to say sorry I hope I
don't run out of time could someone call
a referee
but someone cup it over okay get it
sports my friends over my ad cuz I just
need one more shot at forgiveness I know
you know that I made the mistakes maybe
once or twice so it sounds like in the
song Justin's messing up a lot and he
wants to just keep apologizing but
whoever he's writing about is not
forgiving him by once or twice I mean a
couple hundred times whoo so he's made a
lot of mistakes not just once or twice
so let me Oh let me redeem Oh redeem Oh
redeem myself tonight
it's that sounds it just really bad
whatever it that definitely needs to be
sung
cuz I just need one more shot at second
chances oh that's a cute shirt
I just do one more shot at second
chances I like the free course yes is it
too late to say sorry because I'm
missing more than just your body sexual
get it is it too late now to say sorry
yeah I know that I let you down is it
too late to do that have pat pat is it
too late to say sorry now there we go so
it sounds like honestly the song is
literally just about saying sorry Justin
has messed up a lot and he just wants to
keep apologizing but he keeps messing up
more so the persons are not accepting
apologies
I mean plain and simple it sounds really
good though the lyrics aren't that bad
not quite Adele but not bad is it too
late to say that we I love the music
video those girls dancing and I'm just
like it makes me wanting to dance it
makes me want to dance
moving on hotline bling by Drake I know
everyone has lots of opinions about this
one no no and I'm okay the music video
let's get this right but here it is
throwing it out there Drake made a music
video to hotline bling and it is the
strangest thing I've ever seen basically
throughout the entire video Drake is
just dancing like like your dad like
your dad at a school dance think if you
were to bring your dad to a school dance
that's how Drake dance in a music video
or if you brought me to a school dance
that's how Drake dance in a music video
like yep being real offline bling you
know I will say the music video is
really really pretty the colors they
used were inspired by James Turrell
if you do not know that artists will
look it up I guess I don't know for a
fact if they were inspired by him but
they look identical so look up James
Turrell and tell me that's not the same
thing
incredible either way you used to call
me on my cell phone last night when you
need my call me on my cell phone late
night I said last night before late
night when you need my love so whoever
this is is calling Drake on his cell
phone he had very much clarified that it
was his cell phone I know why that
always makes me laugh during the song
because it's like so proper no one says
cell phone anymore they just say phone
whoever it is is calling you on a cell
phone for some late-night love more sex
more sex and I know when that hotline
bling that can only mean one thing I
know when that hotline bling that can
only mean one thing to me when he says
hotline bling that makes an automatic
superhero reference you're like in
superhero movies when they have like the
hotline like the superhero hotline and
someone needs help the hotline Billings
like it blinks and blinks face I think
it was blink hotline bling' for the
longest time okay ever since I left the
city you got a reputation for yourself
now everybody knows a few left out oh I
think the person that was calling him is
now calling everyone else and doing the
nasty girl you got me down got me
stressed out cause ever since I left the
city you started wearing less and goin
out more don't shame her glasses got
champagne out on the dance floor hanging
with some girls I've never seen before
seen before ever since I left the city
you and then it goes back to the chorus
I mean it's not like I mean it's not
like that difficult of a song to write
lyrically it's not complicated but it's
not bad it's interesting I've never
a song like this before when it actually
plays it's amazing it's a really good
song I'm a really big fan of Drake so
I'm also again pretty biased right now
the ass was basically just about this
person they drank used to hook up with
without that he's left the city she's
gone and dealt with other people that
happens and I guarantee everyone's about
to ask me to do this so I might as well
just do it this is my impression oh my
god I'm wearing shorts okay whatever I'm
wearing shorts I'm committing this is my
impression of Drake's music video that's
enough of that
shall we do one more song before the Sun
go before the Sun Goes Down so okay
we have what do you mean by Justin
Bieber but we already did Justin Bieber
song so let's not do another one let's
do wildest dreams by Taylor Swift that's
another one these are all my faves
Adele Justin Bieber Drake Taylor Swift
Wow
this video has the best of the best
fathers dreams by Taylor Swift he said
let my neighbors coming down don't come
this way please he said let's get out of
this town drive out of the city away
from the crowds she's going on some sort
of date or something away from the city
in the crowd I thought heaven can't help
me now nothing lasts forever but this is
gonna take me down he's so tall handsome
as hell he's so bad but he does it so
well it's a hot lyric let's be real
that's very hot he's tall and handsome
he's bad and he does it well I can see
the end as it begins my one condition is
say you'll remember me standing in a
nice dress staring at the sunset babe
red lips and rosy cheeks that just for
me that's Taylor Swift red lips and rosy
cheeks say you'll see me again even if
it's in your wildest dreams
I feel like Taylor Swift has been like
she's like been convinced that this guy
likes her and he's like taking her to
cool places outside of the city he's
really tall he's really handsome but
he's bad and she just wants him to
remember her and she's afraid that he
won't not even as wildest dreams let's
continue
I said no one has to know what we do his
hands are in my hair his clothes are in
my room oh another sexual song okay
Taylor Guetta and his voice is a
familiar sound nothing lasts forever but
it's getting good now okay so now I
wonder it's like a secret relationship
that no one's supposed to know about
maybe with like a celebrity or something
I could be missing something
but she's worried because it's getting
good right now but she doesn't think
anything lasts forever it goes back into
the course it's so tall handsome as hell
he's so bad and that's it I mean that's
basically it it just sounds like even in
her wildest dreams she just wants this
person to remember her and she wants it
to last forever even though it won't so
it seems like that relationship is too
good to be true and she's just hoping
that it's real one that lasts come on
Taylor it's okay my face is so warm I
know I did this is so cold and so nice
that's it everybody those were oh okay
that's it everybody that was weird okay
what is happening in my body those are
some of the most popular songs in the
world right now
and I'd say the lyrics are actually
pretty dang good they were by incredible
artists so I expect nothing less
the first time we did this the lyrics
were pretty bad last time we did it they
were like okay but this time they're
probably the best they've ever been so I
guess thumbs up for the music industry
you're doing pretty well right now you
get a nice gold star if you do let that
go
star for you okay yeah but that's all I
got while we're on the topic of music if
you guys like good music
I'm gonna leave my Spotify playlist and
links down below I put any music out
like every week's you should go follow
that first link very convenient go click
it also if you enjoyed this video make
sure to click Subscribe and the thumbs
up button helps me laughs okay that's
pretty much it you guys so I think I'm
gonna go if you enjoyed this video gonna
be able to thumbs up leave a couple bye
