hello my name is Connor Franta and I may
be known on the internet for a few
things
my passion for felines my inability to
age by striking green eyes but what
people time and time again recognize me
for my Instagram
this is by far my most requested video
so this week I'm going to give you a
complete rundown from start to finish on
how I do Instagram let's get started now
for Instagram people use cameras ranging
from big to small to classic to modern
all of them are good for their own
reasons but for me I like to use my
iPhone because it's the only camera that
I know that I'm always going to have
with me two best friends right here
people love to ask me how I take my
photos like what is my process when it
comes to photography first I think to
start off with this is completely up to
the individual there's no right or wrong
way to take a photo but when you're
using something like your iPhone you're
slightly limited so you need to get
creative
try getting low try getting really close
and try something a little more abstract
what I'm taking photos I tend to be
looking for one of the following depth
symmetry color or contrast all of those
things really catch my eye and they
usually stop me dead in my tracks and I
have to take a photo of whatever it is
that I've seen this for me is the most
fun part about photography using the
correct apps can completely change how
your photos love so it's really exciting
because once you've taken a good photo
it can get ten times better if you use
the right combination of apps with
exciting it's surprising I love it it's
awesome and the four main apps that I
like to use our vsco cam after light
facetune and scroot vsco cam tends to be
my main photo editing app I do pretty
much the bulk of the work in there after
light I use a lot less but I typically
use it for highlights grain and
mid-tones basically just those three for
facetune I don't actually use it on my
face or on my body in general I use it
to remove unwanted objects that happen
to be in the photo objects marks
anything that's in the sky that I just
don't want to be in the photo
I use it to adjust the perspective of
the photo I can tilt it one way or the
other to make it more of a flat even
playing with everything that we've
learned let's do a little demonstration
I always start my editing process by
putting the photo into vsco cam opening
it up and just seeing what you can do
every photo is different so there's no
real set formula to the perfect
Instagram photo so you just kind of play
around and see what you can get I
usually will tap through all the filters
until I find one I like my favorite
filters are C 1 HB 2 G 3 M 5 and P 5 but
I still tend to go through them all just
in case a different one is better for
this particular photo after if I go
photo I usually move it down to about
the 9 or 10 mark because I really don't
want to overdo it with the filter I like
to play around with the temperature of
the photo because generally I like
cooler temps on my photos there's
something about a bluish-white that I
tend to like a little bit better then
maybe I'll add the contrast up about 1
or 2 don't want to get too carried away
maybe I'll add the fade up to one or two
as well then I move on to the tint tool
if there's any green in the photo I like
to move it to the left to highlight the
greens if there's any blue or purples in
the photo I move it to the right next I
move on to the highlight and shadow
functions sometimes I like to add the
orange function to the highlights
because it makes everything pop a little
bit more and for the shadows I usually
add a blue or a red and I only leave it
up one or two because I don't want to
overdo it again the skin tool is
actually really nice if your skin looks
really bright and red this one's really
great to use I like to move it over to
the right side so it kind of evens out
the skin tones if you have any red
blemishes makes you look a little bit
more tan - always a good thing and
that's about it for that app now we move
on to after lights like I said for after
light I tend to only use a couple of the
functions I really like the highlight
function and after light because it
brightens up specifically the white
spots on the photo so if you need a
little bit more definition or shine to
your photo use that and move it to the
right eye like after lights grain a lot
better than vsco cam it adds a nice fade
to the photo and grain and doesn't tend
to distort it and then finally I use the
highlight in the mid-tone section if
again your face is a little bit red you
can move it to the left and it kind of
makes you look not so red essentially
that comes in handy as well for Phase
two and I tend to use the path tool and
the whitening tool but there's anything
white in the photo I can go over with
the whitening tool and it makes it even
more white for the path tool if there's
anything in the sky if there's any
blemishes or anything like that
you can simply select it and erase it
from the photo if I ever have like a
telephone wire or in this photo a tree I
like to
the little edges to make the sky look
perfect faking reality since 2010 and
finally a new favorite of mine the screw
app this app is an all-in-one
perspective tool so if your photo is a
little bit tilted or it's a little bit
rotated the wrong way you can use this
app to completely adjust all those
functions it works so well it is such a
last-minute detail that most people may
not think is necessary but I really
really enjoy it and there you have it
folks that is what I go through every
single time I post an Instagram photo it
may seem like a lot of work and a bit
ridiculous but I thoroughly enjoy it I
don't tend to do a whole Instagram theme
I like to capture the moment that's
right in front of me make it look as
good as possible and then just post it
so hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you did make sure to click the subscribe
button and the like button down below it
lets me know that you guys care and
enjoy content like this and also make
sure to follow me on my Instagram
because that's pretty much my favorite
social media account and I post on it
everyday but really that's all I got for
you guys so if you enjoyed this video
make sure to pick those up link comboed
bye
