this week has been a lot of me realizing
oh my god it's November and also why is
it getting dark at 4:30 p.m.
daylight savings time might be the
stupidest thing ever invented and I
don't quite understand why we still
follow it it's one of the things that I
know I should not be frustrated with but
here I sit complaining about it on the
Internet
I mean I'm mainly just thinking about it
because I'm watching it drop as my
imaginary clock says for 53 stupid Suns
do you bet when the clock switched over
I was actually in New York City that's
my fancy way of saying that a week ago I
was in New York City I was in New York
City and I went to a Vogue event and oh
my god can I just can I have a moment
please
can I can I can I allow myself to
indulge in myself at said Vogue event I
got to I got to meet Anna Wintour Anna
Wintour is the editor and chief of Vogue
and she's basically the closest thing to
a goddess I've ever met I have yet to
meet Michelle Obama or Meryl Streep so
she is in fact the closest thing to a
goddess I have ever met aside from my
mom my grandma and my sister gods among
us I noticed this week that I like to
get in imaginary fights it happened
several times this week but I just like
I made up scenarios in my head that
didn't happen and weren't going to
happen but they were close enough to
happening that I made up that you
understand I'm just talking in circles
example I was on a run and I was
approaching a four-way stop and I could
see another car approaching and I do
this weird thing where I like to think
because I have to right away I'm the
person that's running across I am the
pedestrian I am pedestrian so in my head
I made up this scenario where I was
running across and the car got mad that
I ran in front of it even though it was
stopped and then I made up the scenario
of like what I would do if if this
happens what would I do
be absolutely furious so then I
proceeded to be mad for like the next
mile of my run for no reason I don't
understand it I just why am I like this
I don't get it I don't understand quite
possibly one of my least favorite noises
in the entire world actually no not
quite possibly it is my least favorite
noise in the entire world that loud not
engine revving but that loud like
popping sound motorcycles make when they
speed off I don't know anything about
cars so it probably has something to do
with the engine I mean it definitely has
something to do with the engine
I'm not Vin Diesel I mean that that's
just the fact I'm not Vin Diesel this
ain't the Fast and the Furious I could
be the happiest most calm tranquil
person ever and then if I hear that
noise I blow up I realized my closet is
absolutely too full it's gotten to the
point where it's just unbound a mound of
clothes I don't even wear and I look at
it every morning annoyed and like angry
that I haven't done anything with it I
haven't folded it I haven't given away
the clothes they're there and I don't
want them to be there why are they still
there my checklist for this week
includes donating my clothes donating
half of my wardrobe to someone who
actually will appreciate them because I
don't apparently you ungrateful pieces
it's that time of the year where you
have to decide where I want to go for
Thanksgiving and where I want to go for
Christmas you can either stay here and
you can do a friends version just
airplanes cars
Tigers oh my you can either stay here
and do friends giving or friends friends
how Christmas all friends but I need
just I went and if I'm going home I so I
miss my family so much it just makes me
happy to be around them so I'm not like
99% sure I'm just gonna go spend all the
holidays with them because they just
make me so much happier just being
around them that's the kind of people
you need in your life the people they
you just are a better person by being in
their presence I strive for that I
strive to be that for someone else
if I'm
for anyone watching this video please
let me know yes I'll see you later
