so the other day I woke up feeling very
lazy unmotivated and sluggish and
although I had a lot to do I didn't want
to do any of it you see being in this
mood is the absolute worse for me
because I love to be creative I love to
do things and I love to create things
but what I've learned is that you cannot
force creativity so if you happen to be
in one of these moods just kind of
screwed and if today's like this made me
go into this horrible mindset where I
question everything and I doubt every
single thing I'm doing can I do this
another day why am I even doing this
this even right for me anymore is it
weird that I keep having this many
conversations with myself in my head and
it sucks it really sucks but here's a
couple questions that can help what how
and why they seem very simple but
they're very important let me give you
an example what uh making a video how to
make a video I have to think of it write
it down
film it edit it upload it see very
simple the first ones are easy but the
third ones a little more tricky why why
may possibly be the most important
question you can ask yourself that
three-letter word provides so much
meaning to whatever it is you are doing
and whatever it is you're questioning
you can know what you're going to do and
you can oh how you're going to do it but
if you don't know why you're doing it
then you have no purpose for this thing
if you have no purpose what's the point
anyone can just do something to do it
anyone can just make something to make
it but do you know who I admire I admire
people who do things with passion I
admire people who live a life of
significance
so today I want you to question
something in your life why do you do
what you do why do you believe what you
believe why do you think something is
wrong why do you think something is
right question yourself why that's
actually all I got so if you guys
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
and I'll see you next Monday bye
