hey what's up everyone and welcome back
to my lovely living room of which I live
this week I was feeling particularly
interested in clothing and home goods
and just other general items I have a
lot of stuff that I've gathered over the
past couple months that I haven't shown
you guys so I wanted to kind of show you
all of that tell you what I use it for
and tell you where I got it from it's
finally autumns so some of these items
are based around that and I couldn't be
happier
autumn is honestly my favorite season I
cannot get enough of it so yeah just get
ready for a lot of that it's kind of a
favorites video it's kind of a hauls
here we go although it's not cooling
down in Los Angeles yet in general I
want it too so I got a lot of sweaters I
guess in hopes that it will cool down
but it hasn't yet so I'm just sitting
here like sweating in a sweater that
were the Nate white why is that in the
name the first sweater I got is this guy
it's just a Levi's old vintage sweater
and it's got red in the top and red in
the bottom got yellow on the sleeves and
then blue in the base so it's super
colorful and I'm not used to wearing
colorful things I like to wear a lot of
neutrals like blacks and browns and
greens so this was kind of out of my
comfort zone but I bought it and I loved
it and as a lot of you guys have seen
I've worn it a lot say I'm definitely
getting a fuse out of it and probably
wearing it too much to be honest oh well
I wash it so doesn't really matter
that's my choice the next winner I
picked up was specifically for a photo
shoot but I've been wearing it a lot
afterwards it's this one from a company
called APC on camera it looks kind of
brown and in person it kind of is too
but it's more of a like a maroon in a
way but it's also got like weird tail
like a little bit I'm like mmm what's it
got in it it's got orange and green also
in it but yeah it's just like a wool
sweater
I think it's wool I don't know if it's
foam so it looks really nice in the fall
because it kinda has those fall tones
but again I can't really wear it that
often because it's so hot here but I
really really love it it's so plain and
simple like such a staple that I know
I'll be able to wear in like 10 years
and it still will make sense that was
worth it and I absolutely adore it next
for pants I've been wearing lately a lot
of joggers and in the United States
they're like popular but not quite as
popular as somewhere like the UK or
Australia so I get frequent compliments
when I wear these joggers of like what
are those where did you get them and
have this pair here that I wear like
every day from a brand called publish
but I got a
urban outfitters the difference is they
just they just taper down and then you
wear this part there's a hair and you
wear this part around your ankle versus
going over your ankle so it's like
really tight fit and neat and I hated
joggers for a really long time because
they sag in the middle like so the
middle of the pant sags and I didn't
really like that look but these ones do
a good job of not doing that so they fit
really nicely I'm like perfect to my
body but yeah I get compliments on these
almost every day I wear them so I bought
another pair in black just because you
know I like the compliments and what I'm
not wearing those I'm wearing just plain
old skinny jeans from Topman I got these
like a month ago and I wear them again
almost every day when I'm not wearing
those I'm wearing these and have nice
holes in the knees I've already like
ripped that one times two if you go to
most stores now I think almost all of
the pants have holes in the knees
because I don't know why but that's very
in right now so I just had to get a pair
and a good part about top man jeans is
they are like stretchy so although
they're skinny they don't feel like
you're constricting your body and that
your legs are losing blood circulation
so they fit perfect but they don't feel
like you're gonna die which is great
when you're wearing pants you don't want
to feel like you're gonna die the next
thing I actually got as a birthday
present that's it's fall I like to light
even more candles than I usually do
that's a frickin a lot of candles so
this one I actually got for my birthday
and it's from this brand called sanju la
its cardamom and vanilla flavor and it's
made in Australia so there we go if you
didn't know I was in Australia for my
birthday so Australian birthday gifts
woo and it smells so good it smells like
a spicy vanilla smell let me light it oh
yes blessing you with this candle also
it has a wood wick which makes like a
nice crackling noise so it has like a
nice ambience to the room when I'm in it
and it doesn't feel like I'm super alone
and secluded in my apartment okay yep
getting too personal another thing I got
for my birthday but it's too heavy to
take off my counter is an espresso
coffee machine which I absolutely
freaking love so the great part about an
espresso coffee machine is that you put
these little pods in the coffee machine
and then you just click it and you press
a button and it makes you a coffee
it's so quick it's so instant so for
those mornings that I do not want to
like take the time to grind up coffee
and like do the whole I mean grant
it takes 10 minutes but if I don't want
to take that 10 minutes I literally can
just make a coffee with the press of a
button and I've out of pods right now
but I can guarantee you because it's
fall I'm gonna go buy some more and I'm
gonna buy a pumpkin spice favorite one
because you have to it is fall you have
to embrace the pumpkin spice flavoring
that is in pretty much everything
handles coffee foods everything for me
fall is leaves pumpkins candles and
sweaters covered it pretty much across
the board another thing I got a couple
months ago but haven't showed you guys
yet are these fairy lights so went on
Amazon I found these fairy lights
they're really cheap and affordable and
I was like okay if I get them and they
suck at least I didn't spend that much
money and I got them and they're
actually great and one of the things I
did is I went out and I bought a glass
terrarium so it's like a little glass
encounter that I got at West Elm and I
just put the fairy lights in it and so
like every night I plugged that in and
it automatically adds more light to that
corner of the room it makes sense for
like Halloween and Christmas so I'll
probably just keep it up all year I also
put them around my little plan tree
which is still alive for those wondering
it's been through a lot but it's still
here
yeah and the final thing that I have
been obsessed with and interested in and
doing is reading this book this book is
called holding the man and I first
became aware of this book when Sam Smith
posted an Instagram like a couple months
ago he posted an Instagram after reading
the book and then seeing the film which
recently came out I pretty much
automatically just was like okay I'm
gonna put this on my books to read and
actually went out and bought the
physical copy of it and read the entire
book on my flight from Sydney Australia
back to Los Angeles it's like a
three-page book so that's pretty dang
good for me
rarely do I sit down and like read a
book but really really rarely do I sit
down and read an entire book and it's
actually an incredibly tragic love story
between these two guys it takes place in
the 80s and the 90s of Australian it's
kind of about the ups and downs of the
relationship it also takes place during
the AIDS and HIV epidemic so it's just
it's a very sad but interesting love
story and I don't know I just really
really connected with it and I was
basically at the verge of tears the
entire flight so yeah that's just that
messed me up really good but yeah so
that's pretty much what I've been into
this month up close candles coffee
lights books all that good stuff I am so
glad it's finally October because this
is my favorite time of the year I love
Halloween
I love Thanksgiving I love
I Love New Year's I'm glad that I get to
share some of the things I've been
obsessed with and interested in with you
guys
we found it useful hope you found it
great if you guys want more videos like
these make sure let me know in the
comments below you want me to do like a
haul of a certain type of video like I
don't know it's a candle haul or a book
haul coffee haul I don't know yeah so I
think I'm gonna go I hope you guys are
having a great week and enjoying life
but if you enjoyed this video make sure
the big thumbs up leave a comment click
Subscribe bye
