alright one name say my name baby I love
you hey what's up you guys I'm here with
Gianna JC do you remember them hopefully
all right old video on my channel though
yeah with me you and Ricky and JC just
us three no just the first time there's
a first for everything and what are we
doing today
come on yourself this is already okay
so I've seen a couple youtubers do this
and I've tried these a long-ass time ago
but they're basically called miracle
babies miracle babies miracle berries
yes a piece of baby
so okay so essentially there are these
pills that you eat and it changes your
taste buds and when you eat things they
taste completely different so I think we
just keep the pill and then you taste
things that's what we're gonna do
I say we eat four pills each no oh you
have JC and I've tried these a long time
ago but Ian's never tried and he's
terrified yes I was texting last night
and he's just like are these Sade are
these doctor rectum I recommended who
would make this it's a berry in a film
or then it is all on your own tongue
right okay go oh sorry oh sorry oh I'm
so sorry
so this is the doing drugs challenge
area doing jugs give you up the pills it
smells kind of good it's a very it's a
very from Africa I never thought I'd be
judge of Conor Francis nope I'm a good
kid okay so just finish on fuck off
that's what's going on do you want to
get like all your taste buds I'm just so
fucking scared miss me doctor's room and
now create and enjoy new experiences I
love our chair that there's a warning
don't choke on it
warning may cause cancer you take
forever does Oh
last person does all their pill jumps on
the pool table
oh there's no protagonist damn it fuck I
still really big my food
patty spoon thank you okay I'm good okay
ready yeah
okay lemon think about other it's sweet
it's just like lemon I'm sure what the
fuck I tripped me out like this doesn't
it taste good it's a big bite out of it
like one say is my throne like it's that
one button in my mouth it tastes like
fucking wait should we eat let's eat hey
yeah let's try and eat vinegar hey guys
we're gonna try to eat vinegar for this
video
can I pick things apart either look like
wine is red wine vinegar he and you're
too young get out of here okay ready go
is it really wanting it it's really
sweet it's like really really sweet only
it's maybe my stomach is like yeah I
will try it tomato though it tastes very
very very haigo haigo is like shit but
that's really sweet
yeah mine mine tastes like a tomato but
it tastes like I wanna see change my
gums yeah like some pork sugar I know it
tastes sweet then it tastes like a
tomato do you like them and yeah I like
tomatoes when it's in a sandwich or
burger salad I like long walks on the
beach the thing that's weird in the park
is bit on the stream I'm reading the
cream cheese in Turkey I don't think the
surgery's gonna turn shine hey you like
waves you discard or growl Pharrell she
like young thank you
but why does it pay so our eat it I get
that kind of taste like hey there's our
a something cheese frosting I was like
sweet but still cream cheese you fuck
off yeah you cookers yeah my dear my
tasted sour is fucking but like I ate a
bun right there mighty sick babies these
big ass routine you have to like really
like grow it in tasty ways like you're
right you'll rub it on your tongue I'm
not doing that I'm not trying to muster
that's fucking shit that's for the onion
I don't like mustard 100% down to
another percent is so sweet but though
it's horrible it's so tall well that's
so weird
I ain't mine have another one okay I'll
just keep eating it I dare you take a
bite out of this mom to fight yeah
although what will clarify the following
are good let's learn to wash it up Wow
mom I love our brother whoa laughs I
taste sweet like a sweet um mmm like a
very sweet orange it's not taste like a
boy at all it's just like a lemon lemon
sweet long yeah those have a lot sugar
in it
I don't think so do that if you want tea
with sugar just hop on those pills like
OMG try the hot sauce so I'm probably
gonna intensify which ball or handle
okay yo so in this sense is what I'm
saying
go still tastes like shit no taste sweet
they're sweet but it tastes like shit
oh it hurts when it goes down low I'm
sweating does it taste good probably
dislike cookie 10,000 tastes like honey
was rubbed all over it's funny Brooke oh
it tastes like Turkey I mean it is funny
how honey roasted I feel face is fucking
bad I think
don't do anything it probably tastes
like mustard my tongue hurt that much I
know
yeah you're like birds oh hey oh my
tongue oh that's my Philbrick I like
this okay for someone who is a fucking
boy certainly Natick it's very sweet I
liked it right want to hit your throat
though it's like weird why doesn't make
everything sweet is everything sweet
yeah I think that that's what everyone's
what I got from this that was trippy as
hell alley more Turkey 20 no okay would
at first I was like what am I get myself
into a house too and I was like I'm
probably gonna fucking die then I taste
lemon I was like tastes like a lemon and
I bite into I was like mmm a taste is
sweet like sick we'd wait on YouTube me
alko from i thought the vinegar was
actually good you doesn't like it oh no
honestly with mustard obviously the
mustard was my favorite too much it was
pretty damn good team mustard if you
enjoyed us eating weird things give this
video a shake it give it a shake give it
give it back and if you also liked it we
did a video on kina disease channel yeah
Christianity we did it on Gian channel
oh my stomach ain't got like the past
hour don't like it what are we doing a
channel we're Americans that Shrive
foreign food like that like that like
that like this yeah so go check that out
make sure to go click their faces or
click link to the blow and lake on a
pimples on face
yeah subscribe kostina JC make really
good videos thanks our kiss Tracy from
me thanks car chase time you
I thank you Paul
