hey what's up you guys so in honor of my
23rd birthday I thought I would tell you
guys 23 things that I've learned in my
23 years let's go say yes more but don't
be afraid of the word now stay up all
night have lots of fun when you're done
with that wake up early you'll be so
much more productive and get so much
more done celebrate the little things
travel as much as you can be curious ask
questions also take yourself on a date
you deserve it smile I complete
strangers if you love someone tell them
if you want to do something do it
be kind good got it also make some
friends try the internet that's what I
made all my friends call the people you
care about don't wait for them to call
you and remember it's okay to leave your
phone at home sometimes if it's close
enough
walk it and don't think about the tower
is speaking of eating try Brussels
sprouts they're actually pretty good
kiss in public just because embarrass
yourself then laugh it off oh if you're
gay that's okay in fact I think it's
pretty great tell the truth but don't be
afraid to keep a secret there's no time
to waste life is happening right now so
act now if you guys enjoyed this video
make sure to big thumbs up and I'll see
you next week okay bye
