okay hey what's up you guys fries hey
and welcome back to another random
Friday video unexpected but great so
although unexpected this video is very
special to me and contains a really cool
announcement so stay tuned listen to it
all watch it all soak it o in as a lot
of you guys know I love art like I love
love love art whether it's making art or
consuming art or whatever I just love
art it was definitely an acquired taste
for me and over time I've really grown
to appreciate it more and more so I'm
excited to announce that I could work on
a really cool artsy series a couple of
weeks ago I got approached to be a part
of this new cool series called
uncontainable it sounds super dramatic
and dark but you're just listen out so
basically I have a team of four students
that I'm like the captain of and over
the next couple weeks we're gonna be
going around meeting these artists these
mentors and they're just gonna be
telling us what they do telling us about
their art and how they make it and how
they do it in all those fun little
details it can be anything from like a
street artist to a chocolatier it wide
open wide open and eventually it's gonna
lead up to this final big live streamed
episode that is going up on October 16
in Austin Texas and on that day my team
has 12 hours to turn a shipping
container into a piece of art it's gonna
be live streamed
it's basically Project Runway meets the
Olympics I feel like really like honored
that they think that I'm worthy to be a
part of such a thing sometimes I forget
that what I do is art and it's really
cool that they appreciate it enough to
want me to be a part of this really
excited but anyways enough of all that
info today I have the opportunity to
finally meet my team so let's go do that
good morning people so today I'm doing
something really fun and I'm gonna take
you guys along with me today we're
shooting episode numero uno for The Art
Institutes and this is my outfit I feel
like I thought I would have I don't know
why just tonight's dance I thought for
an art institute I had to wear something
that had somewhat of depth because in
general I just where am I
yep in general I just wear like black or
gray we're green well then today I just
want a mixture
yay go me art art we're filming art
sidenote can we appreciate my beautiful
sunflowers look at them they are just
gorgeous I'm gonna take you guys with me
so let's go update it is hot out oh my
God we're going through it clearly also
I'm about to go through this light so I
need to go okay but one of my biggest
stresses in the entire world is finding
parking it just took me an extra half
hour to find parking
I hate Los Angeles so we made it to the
room and I'm busting my team though
let's go around and introduce everyone
shall we boom I'm Faisal from Portland
Oregon I studied fashion design and I
also don't make bags do you make it yeah
Wow and boom my name is Marvin I am
originally from Istanbul Turkey I moved
here 12 years ago and I'm from the OC I
go to no see campus and I study fashion
design she can tell look at those shoes
incredible boom sup my name is Wesley
Lindsey from Annapolis Indiana you know
the Midwest
do animation and graphic design and yeah
hi I'm the fan of Sam's I'm from the my
team is so nice like they are so so nice
I normally can get a little
uncomfortable meeting new people but it
was really really easy to meet these
guys and it was easy to like mesh with
them and we all related to each other
very quickly I think that's something to
do because we are all interested in the
arts so it was just easy to connect with
each other regardless if we actually
knew anything about each other but yeah
so we have Tyler who seems very nice and
very wise I like how you get that promo
in every shot it's like check out my
bags check out my bags next we have
Wesley who's such a personality and he's
very funny then we have Marva who is
like this foreign fashion icon kill it
kill it
last we have Nathaniel who's a little
bit quiet but when he speaks he's
actually super funny yeah it was really
nice because then they got to know me
and then I got to know
we talked about things like YouTube you
guys know about YouTube here's watching
youtubers or do anything like that they
do I watch me like pokemons blogs not
all of them are like funny you like ones
super obsessed with like gaming channels
so are you so media I just go there it's
like stumble click it and you just get
lost middleman so I'm still on the
Facebook guy here my business stuff and
my personal so the similar reason I know
birthdays is because of it and even the
fanfiction I feel like you're the most
internet person in this room besides
fanfiction again very cool people very
nice people very creative people it was
just overall a great experience for all
you guys I don't know we are team West I
feel like we need like a team like
handshake or sign or something besides
thank you besides like we really want to
do that team westcote I don't think
that's gonna work and we're also
competing against my youtube friend Anna
Akana she's leading the East Coast team
so things are gonna get interesting
we're Team West and we're against
anacondas team for all US agenda so Anna
Akana is going down we're just throwing
shade already this is gonna be an
interesting bring it you guys most
excited about for this experience in
this competition like gets out of your
box or get out of your container and
then that was it yeah I hope you guys
like this and you're as excited as I am
if you want to watch the remaining three
episodes they're going up on my second
channel umm these dates right there
they're going up on those dates it's
like a weekly thing just like a TV show
so very exciting so yeah if you want to
make sure you see those make sure they
go subscribe to my second channel really
if you want any more information on this
just go to AI uncontainable comm all the
links all the info everything will be
down on the down bar so yeah again very
excited I always loved working on cool
projects like this it's cool to do
things outside of this apartment I'm
very excited for that livestream that's
gonna be really really cool what else
what else back to Connor in the car
the drag down - Wow - cool
check the freaking tickle and hopeless
but yeah that's pretty much all I got
for you guys so if you enjoyed this
video please give it a big thumbs up
leave a couple of clicks the top
