hey what's up you guys what an
interesting setup I have setup I spent
way too much time on this have a candle
boom you can't see it but I can no this
is having a weird lighting effect to me
very witchy hide that over there okay
this week you guys asked me a bunch of
questions and I have answers for you so
let me answer them okay bye what color
are your socks son fat I literally only
my leg is gonna snap off I only have
black socks I don't know why but I only
have like 10 pairs of black socks and I
run out of them really quickly because I
keep losing them in the dryer and every
time I travel on all that other stuff so
yeah explain the eyebrow situation every
once in a while you guys treat me this
photo in particular and you're like
Connor what is up with your eyebrow okay
so I have a story so I posted this like
a couple years ago and essentially I
went to get a haircut and after getting
my haircut I came home I looked in the
mirror and I realized my eyebrow was
shaved off like I didn't realize when it
was happening she didn't tell me that it
happened but I got home and I noticed
that a giant chunk of my eyebrow was
missing I don't I had to like own it and
live up to it because it was now part of
my new look so yeah that was that why
are you so cool I am NOT cool I try very
hard to come across as cool sometimes
like I mean like this this is me trying
very hard just trying so hard if I come
across as cool let's just say it's not
natural I think naturally I'm very
cheesy
I'm very silly I'm very all over the
place yeah I don't think I'm that cool
that's okay not my thing do you like the
new Instagram update I am very torn with
this question so on one hand it's very
nice that you now do not have to lose
any moments when you're posting a photo
like I can't tell you how many times
I've had a photo and I'm like it would
be so much better if I had
half an inch more because it would show
that thing where that portion of the
photo would now be seen but it was also
challenging for me it kind of pushed my
limits to have to fit a photo into a
square and it was instagrams thing in my
opinion to make you put your photos in a
square so I'm torn I love it but I also
miss the old version but I'll get used
to it because it's here so you know what
let goes on things change get over it
recommend a new audible book winky face
so as you guys know for many of my Q&A s
I team up with audible calm honorable is
the leading provider of audiobooks with
over 180,000 different ones that's a lot
of books and this week although you
wanted me to recommend anyone I'm not
I'm gonna recommend my own book it's
been like a half a year since a
work-in-progress came out and I know a
lot of you haven't listened to the
audiobook and if you use the link in the
description you can get it for free so
that's pretty cool when people write
memoirs and biographies I think it
really helps to hear them tell their own
story so I think you'll really enjoy my
audiobook of my book go to audible.com
slash Connor gene if you use the link in
the downbar go to audible.com slash
Connor audible is gracious enough to
give you one free download a book Connor
look it's me and my sister braces
American Eagle my bangs were killing it
let's be real those bangs are on point
and I said I'm not cool what's one thing
you regret doing in life I do not regret
anything I'm very happy with the person
I am today and if I were to regret doing
something in my past it means I would
want to change it and if I were to
change it I probably wouldn't be the
same exact person that I am today and I
don't want that I'm happy with who I am
now and I would change nothing can I
regret nothing just moving forward put
your music on shuffle and what are the
first five songs that play it okay let's
do it let me get my phone out I'm
getting my phone out I'm gonna go on my
Spotify playlist and for all you did you
not know I have a really good Spotify
playlist put the link below you should
follow it I updated very frequently I
have very good music taste use
let me click the first song we have
Runaways by Betty who chemical by Jack
Garratt something good can work by two
Door Cinema Club the rhythm by Emenike
and mine by Beyonce that was really good
oh my god I almost just broke my phone
oh my god that was really good not gonna
lie all my playlist links below where do
you see yourself in ten years I'm gonna
get philosophical again I live in this
very moment and that's something I have
always tried to do you cannot fix the
past you cannot control the future all
you have is right now so as long as
you're living your life to the fullest
right now and doing the very best that
you can there's no other moment that I
would rather be in so in ten years who
knows how wild are you right now okay
now we gotta put these back those look
just oh my god no the Q&A is going down
downhill at this point but whatever why
is your middle name still unknown to us
somebody hasn't read the book tell us
about the thirst project please I'm
actually filming this earlier than I
posted there's project video but I am so
excited so as of filming this the first
project video is not live but as this is
live it's there and you had to raise
lots of money so thank you but all of
you did you know for my birthday last
year I did a campaign for the thirst
project and the thirst project is
essentially just an organization to
provide safe clean drinking water for
people in Africa and this year you guys
and myself are raising money and
awareness for them again the campaign
will be going from September 12 all the
way to October 12 and you guys are doing
great
I just know it keep up the great work
keep donating keep asking all your
friends and family anyone can donate
anyone can save a life all it costs is
$25 you can donate $1 you can donate
$1000 but $25 will save a life it will
provide one person with clean safe
drinking water for their entire life
that's amazing so if you donate it thank
you if you're going to donate thank you
if you're spending awareness thank you
just thank you thank you for wanting to
make a difference
and you know what that is it that is how
we're going to end that we're putting
the flowers away so that is it I hope
you guys enjoyed that Q&A a little bit
more deep than my usual qeh days I
thought about the answers versus trying
to be funny but if you guys enjoyed Q&A
and you want more give it a big thumbs
up it really helps if you want any
information on anything I'm doing or
anything I send this video all the links
will be down below but I'm gonna go
enjoy my life and I hope you guys too so
if you enjoyed this video make sure big
thumbs up leave Carlota
okay bye
