hey what's up everyone and welcome to a
super special Saturday video so for all
of you that do not know today is my
birthday
feels like my birthday was just
yesterday so I just I feels really weird
that is not the point of this video
we've done a lot of really really cool
things together like I can't even begin
to list all the amazing things we've
done together but probably my favorite
thing that we've ever done together is
the charity campaign we did last year
last year we raised over two hundred and
thirty thousand dollars for the thirst
project two hundred and thirty thousand
dollars that's almost a quarter of a
million dollars just you and me that's
incredible that's powerful and because
of that we helped so many people in
Swaziland Africa and I got to see a
firsthand by going there and seeing the
money that you guys raised directly put
into a community in the form of a well
and it was honestly the most rewarding
experience of my life so you know what
we're gonna do it again I have more than
enough in my life so for my birthday I
do not need anything else I don't need
any gifts but you guys always ask me
every single year Connor where can I
send you a birthday present Connor what
can I do it's your birthday I want to do
something for you this is what you can
do this year for my birthday I am
raising money and awareness for the
thirst project the thirst project is
essentially an organization to give safe
clean drinking water to people in Africa
most of us are very fortunate enough to
have access to safe clean drinking water
I have it my dishwasher I have it my
sink I have it in my bathroom I have it
outside I can name a million different
places that I can get water but there
are nearly 700 million people in the
world that do not have that luxury they
need to walk miles to go to some River
get a big bucket of water and walk it
back and in turn that water is not safe
it's not clean and a lot of times that
water that they're drinking
we'll give them diseases it can kill
them you know for me the reason I work
with the thirst project is because it's
just the beginning to fixing so many
other problems if you can give water to
people they won't have to spend those
hours a day going to get it they won't
get sick from dream
that other water then they can get an
education they can get a job they can
have a safe and healthy life just by
having clean water so we're gonna give
it to them this year I'm teaming up with
my friends over at fries you again if
you would like to donate to my campaign
all you have to do is go to prize neocon
slash Connor pride yeah back home slash
Connor right home slash Connor yzo comm
slash Connor Frye's Unicom slash Connor
and the cool part about working with
prize EO is that if you donate you can
get rewards you can get things like
t-shirts posters questions in the Q&A a
personal Skype call or the big grand
prize that anyone who donates can win a
free trip to Los Angeles to go on a
coffee date with me I'll take you to my
favorite coffee shop we'll hang out
what's that all the more you donate the
more chances you have to win that prize
this year I've set a huge goal for us we
are aiming to raise a hundred and eighty
thousand dollars in just 30 days but I
believe in us last year we raised almost
a hundred thousand dollars in just 48
hours I believe in you guys I know you
guys could do that this year I am
turning 23 years old and that number
ties in to the thirst project very
beautifully if you donate $25 that gives
one person safe clean drinking water for
the rest of his or her life only 25
dollars and it feels so good to know
that you have given back to know that
you personally have saved someone's life
you don't even have to donate that you
can donate just $1 and that makes such a
big difference there are almost 5
million of you it's you tube you donated
$1 think what could happen so instead of
going to get a coffee this week instead
of going to buy that new shirt instead
of going to see the newest movie donate
that money I guarantee you will feel so
good about it again this campaign last
year was the best thing I've ever done
with my life to work together with you
guys to make such a big difference was
absolutely incredible it was truly a
life-changing experience for me and I'm
not just saying that so for the next 30
days I am going to be promoting this so
much I'm gonna be doing live shows every
week I'm gonna be doing tweets freeze
follow sprees
I just want to interact with you guys as
much as possible and I want to encourage
you to do the same let's all band
together as a little family and just
spread some good this is such a fun
thing to do this is such a good thing to
do so again if you want any information
on anything that I talked about today go
to prezi.com slash Connor you can also
go to the thirst project org also I'll
leave all the info on the first project
in the links down
hello have you got to mention this but
the cool part again about working with
the first project is that all of your
donation money will go to rectly to the
cause I don't keep any of it they don't
keep any of it so don't worry it goes
directly to the cause and again if you
donate you can get cool prizes
I helped design the t-shirts I helped
design the posters I think they actually
look pretty cool I'm thirsty for Connor
Franta I still went with that I still
regret it can't believe I'm putting that
on the t-shirt but you guys really loved
it and you guys really band together
last year so let's do it again I feel
like I'm just saying the exact same
things a million times I don't know I've
been really excited and I love this and
I love you guys you watching this yes
you can make a difference I'm really
trying to break this barrier and let you
know that you can make a difference so
wait for other people to do it do it
yourself just $25 will save one human
life such a small donation gives you so
much good so yeah that's I think
everything the super exciting I'm so
glad that I can do this on my birthday
it makes it so much more special but
yeah I think that's everything I think
I'm gonna go celebrate with some friends
I love love love you guys and I will see
you on Monday for another video if you
enjoyed this video please give it a big
thumbs up share it with all your friends
leave a comment below donate and
prezi.com slash Connor
