hey what's up you guys so the other day
I was on the Internet as I do and for
some reason I had to search through
someone's old tweets for some reason I
wasn't stalking them or anything
debatable
never really I was just using Twitter's
Advanced Search thing and I had this
brilliant idea
Bisby right before this video I asked
you guys to tweet me a youtubers name
and a word and I'm gonna put them into
that search engine and see what comes up
it's 2015 most of us have Twitter
accounts most of us have had them for
years personally I've had mine for five
years so there's a lot of tweets in my
past that I completely have forgotten
it's a little bit scary yeah I'm pretty
much just gonna go dig through
everyone's past and see what I come up
with let's go alright alright alright
the first suggestion we have none other
than Dan Howell and the word we will be
searching is fire Dan Howell and fire
pretty funny pretty ironic pretty
something guys are just so funny ooh
interesting dan has not tweeted the word
fire that often or he's gone back and
deleted the tweets okay here's one oh my
god filters turn on the fire but didn't
notice our Calcifer
I don't know if I know that is much much
plushy was balanced on top of it and it
got incinerated so Dan wasn't on fire
but his plushie sure was haha next
follow-up tweet he tried to pick it up
with oven gloves which then set on fire
so I threw water at it this is the
remains some hot pass from Dan Howell I
was expecting more puns I'm slightly
letdown Dan next person YouTube user
Miranda sings word bird a stupid boner
woke me up this morning but it didn't
stop dripping outside my window someone
Wayne that's how I imagined tweeted
it doesn't burn I'm not even kidding oh
okay that was exactly what I expected it
to me next we have Caspar Lee and pizza
this is a slightly predictable not come
alive pretty sure Casper's brand is
pizza so I'm guessing he's tweeted yup
he's he's tweeted about Pizza a good
thousand times Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza
Pizza
three thousand retweets what lady
contacts I've never been in love but it
probably feels like pizza Oh too much
this child too too much next we have
phil lester and cactus amazing though
supermassive wait what supermassive
black cactus hashtag replaced song
lyrics with cactus hahaha I did see the
hashtags I was so confused little 2012
was an interesting guy someone tweeted
Phil a picture of a cactus and he
tweeted back haha extreme cactus wait
this Phil of like a weird love for cacti
because he's treated a lot of people
about them I don't know get to the point
Phil Smurf cactus I'm missing something
here clearly
Mikey Murphy
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious if
he's tweeted this I mean points for you
Mikey someone give this kid an award if
he's treated uh he has it that's up your
game next we have Connor Franta dead
plant off right off okay we'll
try a different one Connor Franta good
I mean I'm slightly curious let's do
Connor Franta girl peace out Girl Scout
quality tweet Connor okay I'm out of
here
bethany mota flubber plumbers such a
weird board in general a bird
are you kidding me Bethany why are you
tweet into a flubber come on Bethany
come on
good movie good words funny word that's
not if you watch this tweet flubber just
has it's an inside joke just do it come
on everybody join on in now we have
Troye Sivan wild I had to do it I had to
do it so fun fact I'm pretty sure Troy's
Twitter name used to be Troye Sivan 18
so maybe a better that I don't think
there's anything wait come on come on
there's just all this beautiful art
nothing okay I'm checking Troye Sivan 18
because there's got it he's had to have
used the word while before are you
kidding me wait really nothing
really well that was a letdown I thought
there'd be dropping hints what a fool am
i right
I thought we would ease into this one
but I guess I was wrong maybe I should
just keep quiet gonna make one good
decision today at least go by Troy's EP
in the link below you'll thank me later
okay one final one we are going to do he
and Molly noodle why not noodle what fun
he hasn't tweeted noodle what the
why hasn't he tweeted about noodles Qian
Qian Qian are kidding right
he's tweeted about pasta so I'll give it
to him in Lobby February 2012 yeah I
just ate pasta
sounds like Ricky Dillon 2015 to me
pasta and Arizona watching home alone
best night ever remember when that was a
thing the memories I'm crying at JC
caylen I don't want to fall asleep alone
key into JC caylen sleep with pasta
apparently I've been shipping them since
2012 ok that's it interesting video
quality content domine the idea of
looking back at something you posted
from years ago is both interesting yeah
terrifying I have no idea what I posted
back then don't look at it just let it
be don't think there's anything bad in
there but I'm guessing it's just really
really cringe-worthy
ok everyone but that's pretty much all I
got for you this week gonna check out
anything about me or anything I talked
about this video all the links will be
down below but yeah it's a beautiful day
out so I think I'm gonna go if you
enjoyed this video and want more like it
make sure this video a big thumbs up
