hey what's up you guys so as you guys
probably know apps have become a huge
part of our lives we use apps for
literally everything and anything you
can think of if you can think it it can
do it and it's crazy like apps have not
been around for that long and they
become such a big part of our lives so
lately I've been thinking a lot what are
some apps that need to be invented what
are some apps that are not out there yet
that we need we must have them as soon
as possible so here's what I came up
with clothing scanner I personally hate
online shopping for clothes when I order
something I never know if it's gonna fit
but if I end up ordering it and it gets
to my doorstep and it doesn't fit I
don't want to return it because that
process sucks and I don't want it I just
don't want to take part in that so why
don't we create an app that allows you
to scan the clothes onto your body and
you'll be able to see if they fit / look
good on you before you actually buy it
oh hey Connor yeah I want to buy some
new clothes because I want to look hot
but I don't want to leave this house
because I'm anti-social use the clothing
scan on me okay thanks okay got it
okay see ya first go next
oh my grow get it off me get it off me
nope nope oh my god I look good hot
buy it love it need it gotta have it the
instant bad maker this one may be a
little far-fetched but here we go
my least favorite things is that as soon
as you get up in the morning you already
have a chore you only have something
that you need to do and that is making
your bed so what I'm thinking is an
instant bed maker
oh the virtual friend maybe it's fair
assume you like me want to have more
friends you know we all have our
smartphones with us all the time
so why can't our smartphones be our
friends too I'm so alone I wish I had a
Oh
virtual friend hey virtual friend will
you love me forever rip off the food
appear er the name is a work in progress
bio work in progress by me at me bot its
links are down below you know what
sometimes I'm just too lazy to make food
or order food so I just want food to
appear at the click of a button in my
house ready to go ready to eat oh God I
would pay for that so quickly like that
is some Willy Wonka right there I
would oh I'm hungry right now but I have
no food
oh yeah the food of your app that needs
a different name Oh hummus YUM but wait
what about the crackers Oh cute animals
now there are times when I personally
just want a cute animal I just want a
cute animal around me that is like the
best thing so why isn't there an app
that I can press order now and a cute
animal or just like appear at my
doorstep hi my name is Connor and
normally I am very alone sometimes I go
for days if not weeks without human
interaction but thanks to cute animals
now I have cute animals now I ordered
this one this morning
and I don't plan on giving it
mommy's here ah so many cuddles just all
the cuddles can I park here I live in a
big city and I never know where I can
park so I want a nap that I can just
open up and it will say I can park here
or I can't park here
simple someone invent that can I park
here oh can I poop here this one's
pretty self-explanatory don't you just
hate it when you're out and about and
need to use the bathroom but you don't
know where there is a public restroom I
would love that
that would be great
can I poop here yeah you can poop here
thank God
tweet repeat you know there are some
messages in my life that I would just
love to get across every single day so
I'm hoping this app can do that for me
hey tweet repeat yeah can you tweet at
Beyonce follow me queen bee I'm your
biggest fan
heart heart heart every single day for
the rest of my life until it ultimately
happens and then I can die happily
duh thank you the universal remote now
you know this one has been invented but
not perfected I have yet to see a remote
app that I can use on anything
everything and anything
oh the power finally I have the power to
actually turn something on hmm last but
certainly not least the teleporting
telephone this one may be a bit of a
stretch but here we go we can use our
phones to scan a lot of things and a lot
of stuff so why can't we use it to scan
our bodies and transport us to another
place in the world that would be
convenient we should do that
someone smart maybe you invent that I'm
leaving this one up to you educated
people make this happen okay let's do
this this is one small scan for man one
large scan for mankind oh yeah look the
Pacific and that is it I hope you
enjoyed it actually one second I have
one app I have yet to do for this video
I'm actually very fortunate to be
working with my friends over a job job
is essentially just a cool new texting
app that isn't limited to data Wi-Fi or
SMS pretty freakin cool you can use any
Wi-Fi connection to send messages to
anyone around the world or if you don't
even have Wi-Fi you can use Bluetooth
another cool part and this may be useful
for a lot of you watching this is that
it's unblockable you can use it in
school and your school can't block its
articles
yikes ja also has a lot of other great
features like group chats which are
really fun self-destructing texts and
photos which are also really useful also
you can customize draw and edit photos
within the app all very handy so yeah if
you want to try this app make sure to
click the link in the downbar download
it and let me know if you like it but
okay everyone that is actually hit for
the list I hope you enjoyed this if you
want more videos like this make sure to
give this video a thumbs up I hope you
enjoyed this video and I hope you're
having a great week make sure you do
this video pick one of these clothes
later type
