hello they say that the one thing you're
supposed to not do after you take a
break from doing something is mention
that you took a break from doing
something so I already broke that rule
it wasn't even really a break I am NOT
gonna explain this not to mention the
only rules that I'm following in 2017
are from dually but so today I was
rummaging through some old things when I
found this I will admit it was not in
this horrible box when I found it but
you know props are cute set design folks
budgets going to the movies for me has
always been one of my favorite things I
love seeing new films and I just love
the experience of going to the theater
and also I just love that popcorn so
damn much I get it every time rule
number four don't judge me so here I
have I would say at least a hundred if
not a couple hundred movie tickets from
when I was a teenager I haven't looked
through these in forever so I'm excited
to look through them today with you
let's just treat it like a game and on
august 8 2012 at 11:35 p.m. I saw Total
Recall
and it's ready to pg-13 I don't honest I
have no idea what is Total Recall again
well it has 30 percent on Rotten
Tomatoes so it's obviously a classic
okay hopefully one that gets above 50%
on June 5th 2010 I saw killers again
don't remember it at 7:35 p.m. solid
time 2010 7 & a half years ago with
killers 10% oh my god my movie tastes I
would hope have changed ok this one easy
eh oh my god on September 25th 2010 at
5:30 p.m. my life was changed forever I
mean oh my god this is a solid find easy
eh is one of my first introductions to
Emma Stone as an actress I just just say
this is funny
I used to say for the longest time that
Emma Stone was my celebrity crush and I
mean there's no lies in that but I was
also just you know a cover up for the
gay oh that's a good one okay well we're
one out of three and this is this one's
up for debate on November 23rd 2011 at 4
p.m. I saw Breaking Dawn Part 1 I think
a lot of people are gonna judge me for
this but I may have seen all of the
Twilight series and theatres and I may
have read the entire book series happy
you were gonna judge me happy you're
gonna love me I honestly enjoyed it so
much this is also just you know
radiating the gay what is going on I'm
like itching my body is reacting to the
cringe they go with a blue one on
November 19th 2010 at 12:01 a.m. whoo
risque what did I see what is the name
of this
good only on what planet it's torn I
can't even see it that's a
disappointment tada this is just testing
my knowledge of dates because I'm like
January February March April May June
July I still have to do that that's
horrible on May 22nd 2010 at 1:15 p.m.
my favorite time to see a movie I saw
Robin Hood that's a fine film but
nothing will ever beat out the cartoon
version the cartoon version is classic
and it's Madden having such a good time
lolly lolly golly what a day
also I'd like to mention that I saw this
film for six dollars and fifty cents at
a normal theater the last movie I saw in
Los Angeles cost $17 what the buck GI
Joe oh my god
lovely bones I think that was a good
movie wasn't that like a really popular
book The Lovely Bones I think I liked
that movie
oh boy that one has 31 percent on Rotten
Tomatoes
December 18th 2010 apparently these are
just from like 2010
I saw the movie tourists tourists tour
touring tour touring tourist tour - were
- were door come on better choices
I saw Toy Story 2 - 2 D Toy Story 2 D
story 2010 Oh is twice for 3 ok yeah
maybe but not right now
come on let's see how much we're going
for any bigger
okay so I saw Toy Story on June 23rd
2010 at 1:00 p.m.
in June 23rd or right around June 23rd
2010 was the time that I got my wisdom
teeth out I think pretty sure I went to
Toy Story 3 and I cried extra hard
because I was hyped up on drugs my
emotions were running wild and my mouth
was literally bleeding
I remember how livid I was I couldn't
eat the popcorn oh my god
riveting you love a Tuesday yeah on
October 22nd 2011 for $7 at 10:00 p.m. I
saw paranormal activity 3 I guarantee
that got like a 6 percent on Rotten
Tomatoes but I love the paranormal
movies I think they're very spooky very
believable we're getting out of here
let's get the car and drive I remember
when I went to the first paranormal my
friends were convinced not trying to
convince me they were convinced that it
was a real movie they were convinced it
was a documentary that this was like a
real thing that was happening and I'm
like um one people are dead Karen - no
sit down Karen why not one more because
who cares we love surprises
no why not an extra one because the last
one sucked that's - one more come on you
can do it Connor that was another
Twilight film oh my god yep we're done
well that was solid my movie cases have
clearly changed
mostly Rotten Tomatoes just runs my life
movies above 70% great movies between
like 70 and 30 wouldn't recommend it
movies below 30 highly recommend I
almost recommend going to movies that
are below 30% as much as I recommend
going to movies that are above 70%
it's the they're so shitty they're good
theory by me add it to my Wikipedia page
Karen well guys that's just about it
leave it in the comments down below what
are some of your favorite movies
if you're new here make sure to
subscribe I make new videos every so
often let's not talk about it if you're
returning click the like button
I love charity other than that I think
I'm gonna go I love you guys I'll see
you guys very very soon I promise if you
enjoyed the video make sure a big thumbs
up leave a couple of your bar open this
week
