hello world in my world I mean no one
because I have no subscribers
well this is weird hey what's up you
guys
it's it's Connor so we used to do it
right okay first of all that is my
tripod very well planned Connor very
good job always been told that I am NOT
professional did we get it are we good
the tripod is going to fall well this is
strange this is weird shout out to all
the people who remember what this room
is and why I'm here so let me backtrack
for a minute first of all happy
five-year anniversary everyone today
August 21st is the 5 year anniversary of
me creating my youtube channel it's
really weird because it simultaneously
feels like more than 5 years like I feel
like I've been making youtube videos and
I've been on YouTube from pretty much my
entire life but also like 5 years seems
so quick I cannot believe I made my
first ever YouTube video only 5 years
ago
stressful like look in this room this is
where I used to film everything those
ribbons are still here my Harry Potter
posters are still here my freaking kranj
melting up there that was like one of my
first ever really big videos grand
melting and it's just really weird to be
it's really weird and really convenient
that I'm back home right now cuz I
didn't expect to be home just for this
5-year anniversary it just so happened
to me why am i touching my head it just
so happened to be now which is
everything is so convenient today on the
video I showed at the beginning was
actually my first ever YouTube video I'm
not gonna show the rest of it because
it's SuperDuper embarrassing it's just
it's it's a piece of work gosh oh yes I
just so happened to be home on our
5-year anniversary which is very strange
it's very weird too because I feel like
it's our 5-year anniversary like I would
be my this channel would be nothing
without its viewers so happy Anniversary
everybody the journey that we've been on
has been actually incredible and never
in my wildest dreams would I have
imagined that we would be where we are
today I've gone skydiving bungee jumping
wrote a book moved to California I have
almost 5 million subscribers like just
crazy absolutely crazy there's a million
other things I can't even list how many
things that have happened over the past
5 years that I've completely changed my
life and it's odd because that's all
because I started talking to a camera
and posting it to the Internet
everything that has happened to me is
just because I one day
got bored got up the courage to make a
video and just post it to the internet
and saying yeah I really don't know what
else to say besides thank you thank you
for an amazing five years and here's to
many more I love you guys I love this
platform and I love what we're doing and
I'm very excited to see what we do in
the future together okay enough with the
cheesiness you guys enjoy this video
make sure the big one of these leave one
of those click my social media links
