hey what's up you guys hair is so
freaking long
I've only been cutting this and this so
this is just like a big poof like a big
palm and cotton ball yeah this is pretty
weird I have not done a Q&A video and
actually months strange this week I
decided to be dr. Jack s Connor and it
tried to worldwide you guys have lots of
questions comments and concerns so let's
answer them shall we
here we go will this be your first
question yeah explain this please delete
that Helen that's in my past that's the
old me I've changed what's your opinion
on minions you're a minion you're me
you're open minion that's the hardest
thing to say I have no idea how this
trend is still going on
end it kill it burn it with fire what is
your favorite thing you've done this
summer I've done a lot of things this
summer but recently I went to
Lollapalooza and that was pretty fricken
fun la loses basically just this big
music festival in Chicago and I got to
see artists like Laney and Marie and the
Diamonds James Bay Sam Smith having a
lot of my favorites and it was really
fun then I had a really good time not a
question but I think we would enjoy
seeing a day in the life video I don't
know if you would want to see that I
feel like my like daily life is not that
interesting that's why I don't daily
vlog so um I guess you guys do want to
see that give this video a thumbs up and
leave something in the comments like
daily life I seriously just like sleep
eat repeat I've never sounded more like
an Internet kid in my life I am so
relatable I stole your flannel what are
you gonna do about it I see how it is I
see how it's gonna be
turn on your location and fight me also
be as you look really good
what would you recommend that on the
lock on slash Connor this month good
question Gracie as you guys know one of
my favorite companies to work with is
audible calm all is the leading provider
of audiobooks with over 180,000
different titles a lot of titles and the
book that I want to recommend you guys
this week is a girl on the train I'm
just about to start listening this one
because I've heard literally
everyone in their freaking mother not
therefore your mother my frickin epic
listening to this book I hear about it
all the time because I think it came out
as similar time as my book there's just
been everywhere and I've heard a lot
about it so I need to listen to it if
you want to listen to a free copy of
that book just go use my link in the
downbar use my link audible.com slash
Connor you get one free download pretty
easy so just go to audible.com slash
Connors I love your book and enjoy
freedom book do you put butter on your
pasta that seems very unnecessary to me
know what's your favorite British slang
or word boy mate last night we had some
mad Banta was out with Quicken Naida aka
ca√±edo 3000 I do a cartwheel
I think my cart was very seriously so
let's actually try this certainly have
any room here so I mean both ways
seem very dangerous we're going to go
for there's a candle I'm gonna like
myself a fire ha I'm so incredibly
athletic are you planning on writing
another book soon planning on getting
another haircut soon let me tell you
that I will say I'm not currently
writing another book but I have been
getting so many requests to like that's
probably my most requested thing so I
don't know should I like do you guys
want that should I write another book
such an easy question to say and answer
a lot harder to actually do please talk
about boys and how cute they are and
what you like about them please hi my
name is Connor and I like boys I like
boys I like boys I like boys boys are
cute they the way they like
understand and their voice and just
everything about that you're just the
cutest thing on the planet daddy can you
count to 10 in German please science
Phibes or I fear fools X leave an
offline saying I did it I dare you to
call the 10th person your contact list
and start singing them a song okay let's
try this let's do this my phone is hot
hot damn
okay the 10th person is conveniently my
best friend not even kidding you only
for a voice message you are my fire the
one desire I alley let's see what
happens maybe she'll call back that's it
the mop still remains very hot in here I
think I blame the candle pretty
interesting pretty all over the place
video hope you enjoyed it hope you learn
something you guys didn't know I have
lots of things I'm doing lots of stuff
and all that will be in the downbar
below links things
follow me places I'll be having a great
week and I'm gonna see you guys later so
if you enjoyed this video make sure to
pick one of these like one although is
click subscribe bye
