hey what's up you guys somehow this week
I find myself back in a hotel don't know
how I got here dear said this is one of
the few weeks that I actually loo this
Sun is just faint no way like all of our
lives we are all dying I hope you know
that I'm somehow in another hotel room I
just I don't know and that a music
festival I got convinced to go here my
friends I don't know why I'm talking
like this my shoulders might as well be
hid money skull yeah so basically I had
to get up really early and I've been on
a plane all day and I just I you know I
felt like vlogging I don't know why this
is one of those instances and I'm like
you know what I've got a hotel room with
great lighting a million things to talk
about let's just go for it you're just
gonna go for it
ever it may be we do not know but let me
tell you something honey at quite the
day this happen to anyone else so
basically when I have something very
important to do the next morning I can
never sleep the night before I it
doesn't matter how late in the morning
it is like I had to get up at like 8:30
which is pretty dang easy but I could
not sleep the night before because I was
just worried that I was not gonna wake
up and make my 830 o'clock appointment
thingy I was in plane I can't speak I
was worried that I wasn't gonna make my
8:30 plane leave departure thing
distressed Oh threat yeah so I was just
laying in bed all night thinking about
nothing and it was just so it's
stressing me out even more hate when
that happens it happens to me so
frequently and I don't know how to get
over it that's one thing that I've never
fully learned as a human as an adult
someone tell me cuz I will it will save
my life by the way if I seem very gaunt
like partially dead because at 6 p.m.
and I've only even occur in all the bar
it's not healthy
not okay not right that literally gotten
to this hotel room threw down my bags
like threw them in order to quesadilla
in the salad I was like okay I want
something unhealthy so like cheese oh
god cheese I just love cheese I was like
I'm gonna balance it out so I'm gonna
get a salad to go along my fish it's
most likely I'm just gonna eat the
quesadilla let's be real I feel like I'm
just withering away and I just I need
what has been going on ooh fun story so
when I go to the airport my airport
essentials consists of one a bottle of
water to a People magazine and when I
was flipping through this People
magazine just unexpectedly my face
popped up that's me I screamed I
actually like I squawked I squeal I
squeaked I just let our really loud
weird noise on the plane and it would
make me really happy and I don't never
had that happen before rain Z also when
I landed I found out that I was
nominated for a Teen Choice Award so
just a lot of things a lot of crazy
things I remember watching the Teen
Choice Awards so the fact that I'm
nominate is just insane I have no idea
when this videos going up so if the
nominations are still going just I vote
for me for president I am running for
president vote for me my campaign
consists of cheese quesadillas for
everyone forever vote Franta 2015 yeah
to vote I think all you have to do is
tweet at Connor Franta hashtag choice
youtuber I think that's better Facebook
and I don't just I'll put it down in the
downbar what else has been happening my
book is has been on the New York Times
bestseller list for 14 weeks in a row I
can't talk 14 weeks in a row this week
it was number 14
what the got way darker I turn this
on auto little too dark you know what
we're just gonna leave it hmm what else
happened oh the cutest thing really
isn't the cutest thing I just think a
lot of things are cute that's one fact
about me I just think a lot of things
are cute like Disney movies I cry at
them all the time when I see people hold
doors open for other people I'm just
like cute but so basically I got on the
airplane and I was sitting next to this
guy and he said
do you mind switching seats with my
girlfriend so she can sit next to me we
really want to sit next to each other
and I was like yeah I will do that for
you and then I started bawling my eyes
out and I walked back to my seat
slightly exaggerated story by Konnor oh
that was really quick I am I am athletic
I've been getting pants like this lately
do you see how it's like they're called
joggers very nice they're very cool and
I've been wearing them a lot lately and
I just really like that I mean the
British or Australian I'm just some type
of forints
last time I was in a hotel room I said I
would do a backflip on the bed plays a
front-flip
so this time we're gonna do a front-flip
again because I can't do a backflip
let's go one two three go what your
country can do for you ask what you can
do for your country
ever yeah yeah yeah I'm pretty sure that
that front flip just like took the rest
of my energy away I think I'm gonna pass
out
goodbye cruel world it was nice knowing
you can you see the bags just for me I'm
basically a corpse I farted I'm not
putting that in I am NOT putting that up
this is real life I should put that in
people fart people poop people rawa all
just people okay these are things people
do how to take no judgement 2015 you
know sometimes I just get worried cuz
I'm like did I lock my apartment before
I left I don't remember I'm gonna get
back I'm not even on the phone with
anybody I'm gonna get back and my whole
place is gonna be looted by burglars
hustlers
okay let me get it I'm doing a
quesadilla haul this is all that I wore
in my entire life this is happiness is
freedom this is America okay I'm gonna
make love to that quesadillas so I gotta
go the lighting has changed dramatically
I like oh way higher I'm hungry need to
watch some YouTube videos we'll explore
I haven't been Chicago in forever I want
to go see the giant bee okay so I hope
you guys enjoyed this random little vlog
I better they do not know phone upload
this like what am i doing with my life I
have no idea what's fun this was fun but
yeah that's about it so if you enjoyed
this video make sure big one of these
leave one of those and click Subscribe
quesa D
