 that's hot
time for another coffee chat hey what's
up you guys never do that with my left
hand hey what's up this is hot this is
really hot
hey hi how you doing so first of all
warning this video may offend you kinda
sorta maybe potentially who knows I feel
like half of you right now are a little
bit scared like what's he gonna talk
about oh my god and the other half were
like sharpening their pitchforks
but regardless hear me out I feel like
the world now more than ever is a giant
place for debate with the vast
accessibility of the internet anyone can
have a voice anyone all you need is an
internet connection some sort of device
to connect to it and that's it you can
tweet something you can post something
on Facebook you can post something on
tumblr all you need are those first two
things like an account and other things
don't don't little details like that bob
was my mind it's crazy to me that I can
fill a video post it and within like a
day a week a month whatever it can have
a million views a million impressions
any one can see that video all you need
is an internet connection insane and
with all of that potential brings so
much responsibility and fear lots and
lots of fear a couple things that run
through my mind on a daily basis it's
gonna offend someone and this in any way
hurt someone's feelings is there any
possible way this can be taken wrong if
there's any red flags that go up in
there I just don't even post it I don't
even think what I move on
I don't know if that's a good or a bad
thing like what if I had something
really important to say what if someone
wanted to post something but then they
were afraid because they're afraid that
people might tear them apart and it was
actually really really helpful and
really progressive maybe I'm just over
analyzing it maybe what I was going to
post or say was fine but that's the
problem I'm now afraid to post that
thing for the potential that it may not
be okay what do you think what do you
think about that I want to know this
video really doesn't have any
conclusions I'm just opening it up for
discussion forgot about my coffee I
don't think I have personally ever tried
to offend someone I don't think there's
been a specific time where I have
created something or put something out
there just to offend someone I generally
do not like to hurt other human beings
in any way but I know that I have I know
that I definitely have offended someone
at some time that's a complete
no-brainer I put a whole lot of content
on the internet so the chances of
something offending someone it's
inevitable most likely it was completely
unintentional but it still probably
happened I'm really glad that I'm aware
of this but I tend to think most people
don't get that
and that's why I'm a big fan and a big
believer of educating people who are
misinformed so I will post something bad
I want to try my best to tell them it's
bad not yell at them maybe they're like
me and they had no idea what they posted
was not okay I don't know maybe that
will help them learn and progress
forward in a positive way
who knows I really jump out what do you
guys think what do you guys do when this
happens are you personally easily
offended do you think that's a good or a
bad thing I don't think there's a right
or a wrong answer to that I think it's
very open-ended cuz I'm on the fence if
you're offended of something someone
else posts that means you're standing up
for yourself and you're standing up for
your beliefs and you have beliefs that's
a good thing but then there are some
people that can go too far with that I
don't really know personally I'm someone
who's not easily offended I really do
not get offended that often and I don't
know if that's a good or a bad thing in
my mind it just means like okay you're
fine that means you never like have to
get in arguments but then also in my
mind I'm like should I be offended by
things should I stand up for what I
believe in more should I be debating
with people and creating a
I don't know I really don't know both
sound fine to me the accessibility to
the Internet is just getting bigger so
more stupid people are going to find it
and leave stupid comments gonna happen
already happened
they're everywhere like little growth
scrolling all over it mmm yeah I got no
big conclusions from this video but I
want to start a healthy debate so go
comment in the comments down below
respond to comments and let's get the
conversation rolling I want this to be a
healthy conversation I want people to
learn I want people to grow ya answer
those questions aleem in the comments
below
simple as that okay I think you're all
pretty great but I've got to go if you
enjoyed this video give it one of these
leave it one of those followed up by a
negative down there talking to you okay
bye
