hey what's up you guys some a dramatic
entrance didn't expect to see me here
today on this day that's not Monday
normally usually I don't upload today
okay what's up so basically you're
probably like Connor why are you
uploading you never upload on Fridays
but today I have a great reason today I
have a little explaining to do because
I've been talking about a couple music
related things on Twitter and on social
media and in the news and actually in
the news which is really weird that's a
weird thing I've been talking about
stuff and it's hard to talk without
actually talking just typing that
doesn't really get anything across but
so the first thing that I want to talk
about today is that common culture 3 is
available for download worldwide many
confusing parts of that so let's go from
there if at any point you want to
download it click the link in the
downbar it would be the only link in the
downbar basically why is it called
common culture number 3 so if you do not
know comic culture is the name of my
brand I decide to pick a name and I
trademarked it and it's mine I don't
know I came up with that Connor why is
at number 3 so basically I've released
two compilations prior to this the first
one was crown and the second one was
common culture and since this one is
common culture I hate this confusing
Ness because there was one before so
it's not volume 2 fine 3 I'm just gonna
call it volume 3 if you've never heard
of these there are two prior and let me
go into that quickly basis if you don't
know I released music compilations every
couple months I searched the internet I
searched music blogs I searched Spotify
and I kind of find these musicians that
I think deserve more attention so
basically I find really cool
music that I really like and I want you
to like too and I just put it on a
convenient playlist for you to buy on
iTunes and other places there's other
places to buy this iTunes is just the
most convenient so this one features are
just like a wonder Emily Nicholas Eric
castle hope you and many others and it's
really cool so I find these artists I
find their cool songs I reach out to
them and then I'm like hey want to be a
part of a compilation and usually they
say yes so that's pretty nice so if you
like music I mean I see no reason why
you shouldn't go check this out at least
check it out I mean like at least give
it a listen
I think you'll really like it because I
thoroughly enjoy it okay next another
thing that I haven't explained yet look
at the artwork oh my god it's beautiful
that was actually drawn by one of the
people who are on the compilation young
and sick keep freaking hand drew
it's beautiful I think it's gorgeous the
compilation took a step up that way too
little detail I organized the songs this
time the first two I just put in
alphabetical order because I thought
that would be cool but that kind of
makes no sense because if you listen to
an album usually and typically the
artists like organizes the songs and how
you want to live and how they want you
how am I going to say this and how they
want you to hear it so usually like
tells a story so I thought maybe I can
try and tell a story with these songs
that I've compiled even though they're
from different artists so I tried to do
that number three it's available
worldwide we have never done that before
I felt so bad for people around the
world that aren't in the US and they
couldn't download this before but know
you can so if you want it and you're in
anywhere but the u.s. you can download
it it may don't quote me on this it may
not be up right to second but it will be
up at least within the next couple days
so if you're like in the UK or Australia
or freaking Cambodia yay
trying to include everyone fourth cool
thing this is released under my new
company heard well so if you guys heard
god so if you guys heard I can't even
say it so if you guys haven't heard I
created a company with my manager Andrew
and our friend Jeremy and it's called
heard well and it's basically going to
do things like this with other youtubers
and other social media people so you're
going to be getting a lot of cool music
from a lot of your favorite influencers
and yeah I think it's a pretty cool
thing there'll be another link in the
downbar I'll put an article too if you
want to hear more about hurt well and if
you want to hear the youtubers that we
got to do compilations as well there in
that article so get excited for that
that's really exciting and really cool
and I'm really excited to be a part of
something like this I've never really
done that or something like this I don't
how do I creating a company wet so we
did that and I'm very excited and I
think it's really cool because it's
basically gonna be a cool way to connect
artists with social influencers so it's
gonna be a new way for you to discover
music for people that discover music in
general I think that's really really
exciting and really like innovative and
so yes I think that's everything like
maybe that's everything but as of this
very second the compilation is available
for download let's make that clear
if you
in the downbar it should be on iTunes
for you to download it if you like new
music if you like good music and I'm
just saying it's good because I think
it's good then go check it out I put a
lot of love and work into these and
they're really really fun so check it
out if you want to but yes that is a
pretty much it that's pretty much all I
have for you this Friday little Friday
video I'm like filming in this white
room and it's not that white but like I
have to like yeah see if I go down here
and the lighting is even if I go up here
it's like not that II I don't know I'm
in culture number three go download it
also if you really love me you can go
follow all the common culture Twitter
and Instagram and all that social so I'm
gonna be posting more on that and you
can go follow all the herd well stuff
because there's me a lot of posting on
that too I want to go follow my two
companies just go for it I mean there's
probably not even gonna be things here
I'm probably just pointing to err happy
Friday everyone I'll talk to you later
bye this is not a typical video game
houston we have a problem
