hey what's up you guys suck
I'm outside but this time it's not
raining which is really nice and really
convenient not gonna lie I just have to
deal with things like this if I lean
back like what is what is this I look
like a living art piece though we yes so
everyone basically this week I wanted to
bring back something that I used to do a
lot and that's just picking a specific
topic and talking about it and this week
I've seen a lot different types of
people and I've just kind of realized
some things that turn me off about them
some things that just don't run me right
and things that I've decided that I
don't like if a person is like this
don't particularly enjoy it so this is a
list of my top ten biggest turn offs
these are trade some people have that I
do not particularly enjoy and by no
means am i a perfect person I definitely
want to do some of these things
sometimes but in general if a person is
always one of these things I just I
don't really like them can't really
stand them not really about it just
saying okay but let's get into it
number one bad communicators I really
like to have a good conversation I
really really like to talk to people and
I really like to hear what's up with
them and I like them here puts up with
me and I like to just converse about it
it can literally be about trees I don't
care I just want to be with someone who
can talk and who can communicate and
what sucks is with phones nowadays a lot
of people can't do that like a lot of
people I feel like I've forgotten how to
communicate with the advances in
technology that we have that when
there's an awkward point in someone's
conversation they just kind of go right
to their phone and just zone out I don't
know what this isn't a phone this is
like me reading a freaking book I don't
like it when people have a lack of
ambition I have a lot of goals in my
life and I have a lot of things I want
to accomplish and sometimes I mean
people who just seem to not really care
about anything they don't really have
any passion they don't have anything
they're striving to be or striving to
accomplish and I just I don't like that
I have a million things I want to do I
have don't even have enough time be a
passionate person have ambition want
things want to do things
life is short little twist on the list
huh that rhyme I don't like people who
aren't clean if you have bad hygiene
it's just not my favorite thing I don't
like people that smell
who are dirty but also this I don't like
people who are dirty in life like who
don't clean up after themselves I think
I got that from my mom my mom literally
cleans everything they have sigh wins I
hope everyone's okay
okay there go on Oh help my neighbors
out here next narcissistic and
self-absorbed you're not the only thing
that matters everyone matters and you
don't need to talk about yourself all
the time there are definitely some
people I come across that just love to
talk about themselves and they love
themselves and they're not afraid to
tell everyone that and yes let's
definitely go to a certain degree but
there's just only so much I can take I
love you but I don't need to hear about
you that much just sayin just sayin
mean I hate people who are mean and not
nice I see a lot of really mean people
especially on social media and I think
this has to do with the recent trend
that it's very cool to be sassy people
love it when people are sassy and they
drag people on Twitter very cool you
weren't nice to someone I think that's
great I just think everyone needs to
calm down and just be nice to people
there's a time and a place to put people
in their place so you don't need to do
it all the time it's so easy to be nice
to people be nice to people is a tree
here by the way moving on
people who are judgmental or
discriminatory if you are racist
homophobic or sexist just please leave
now
don't want to see your face I don't need
you around me you're doing nothing good
for me or for other people don't judge
people don't discriminate people let
everyone be themselves and appreciate
the differences that we have in the
world the fact that we are all unique
and different is incredibly beautiful
and we need to appreciate that more
often now calming it down a little bit
I don't enjoy people that are that
simple it's kind of a random one but I
just only people who are that bland I
don't like people who don't have a lot
to say I don't like people who don't
wanna have fun kind of just people that
are I guess lazy and not really
interested in much that's no fun get
some interest go explore do crazy things
have thoughts have opinions expressed
thoughts express opinions become a
complex individual it's much better
trust me we all have our moments where
being simple is better but just in
general be a complex person kind of want
to take that back don't be too complex
where I don't understand you am i
annoying my nagging people just take
this video lightheartedly there's a
thing sorry I do not like people who are
know-it-alls oh my god
growing up I know several people that
fit this mold those types of people that
just think they know every
and they're not afraid to express it to
everyone if they think they know
everything what I hated about people
like this is that they made you feel
stupid frankly I've had that happened to
me and it's one of the worst things
genuinely maybe these people are right
but there's a way to tell someone that
they're wrong nicely it's not worth it
to make it a big deal and make someone
feel bad about themselves it just goes
back to number 5 just be nice to people
number 9 transitions for number eight
and that is people who belittle other
people yeah we get it some people are
smart and some people aren't but for
this one I just don't like it when
people intentionally make other people
feel bad about themselves for any reason
whether it's for intelligence whether
it's for talent whether it's for
opinions whether it's the job what
direction they're going in life but it
doesn't really matter I just don't like
when people make other people feel bad
for the decisions that they make or for
the things that they're doing I stand by
this there's a nice way to tell people
pretty much everything but frankly
sometimes you just need to mind your own
business let everyone live their own
lives thank you hold the applause and
finally Oh sad we're already at the end
of the list and my final one is
insincere people you know as you go
through life most people figure out they
only have a couple really good friends
so people that won't judge you and that
you feel you can say anything to them
they're there for you and you're there
for them wholeheartedly personally I
want people in my life that are genuine
and they care about me a big fear in my
life is that I'm just gonna let someone
in that's gonna use me and ultimately
just walk away so yes and the
friendships and relationships that you
make make sure you were in them 100% to
make sure you a genuine to the people
you care about and always be there for
them no matter what I think that wraps
up the list pretty nicely so I'm a
little different video but I hope you
guys enjoyed it in life I feel like
we're always trying to better ourselves
we're just striving to create this
perfect person that ultimately none of
us will ever create but it's the journey
to trying to create that person that
makes us who we are
trust me in my life I've met people who
are just this close to perfect I think
they are absolutely perfect but then
after I get to know them better I find
out they're not so perfect everyone has
at least one thing if not a whole dozen
things that they need to work on
including myself and I can assume
including you watching this but that's
okay and actually I think it's great so
yeah I'm gonna go this lighting is
getting pretty weird pretty freaky so
you guys are having a great week I am
having a great week I'm enjoying the
outdoors and I'll see you next week so
if you enjoyed this video make sure the
big thumbs up leave a comment I'll see
you guys next week bye
seriously though this lighting uh
