hey what's up you guys so this week I am
brought back to you from my living room
yeah I haven't used this angle in a
while beautiful summer's day I've got a
collar on just a lot of good things in
life right now but so basically this
week I'm feeling a little bit chatty and
I want to talk to you guys about what
I'm interested in and what I bought
recently I did a haul video a while back
and everyone really really enjoyed it so
here's another one like a haul video
combined with the favorites video made
into one big great thing it's a really
good thing in general here we go
the first thing on my list is my new
camera unfortunately recently I was
about to film a video and my camera
literally died like I've never had that
happen before I've never had a piece of
technology fail like completely just
fail me and it didn't it's kind of sad
because I've had that camera for like
four years so like almost every YouTube
video I've ever filmed has been filmed
on that moment of silence for my camera
and now I have this beautiful thing and
I upgraded and it's the Canon 70d what's
cool about this one versus my other one
is the fact that it should let's see if
it does it autofocus very cool so this
is cool for people like me who are
moving all around and don't want to
constantly focus my camera on myself
also another good thing for youtubers
that has a flip-out screen so that's
really cool side note I'm still figuring
out the audio situation and the visual
and everything like that so if anything
looks weird or sounds weird blame
technology not me okay bye the next cool
thing I got is this head scratcher you
may be thinking Connor what why is this
relevant if you've never tried one of
these things oh my god you are just oh
my god you're missing out holy I
got this thing at Urban Outfitters for
like six dollars best purchase I've ever
made died GG wasn't even done yet it's
so nice I love it it's perfect okay
great next I got a bunch of home things
cuz I'm an adult the person I'm a big
fan of Amazon I love to pick up products
on there and order it and know that it
will be at my house within like one or
two days I don't need to leave have any
awkward encounters with humans it's
perfect for me quicks I know the reason
I was inspired to get a lot of things is
because my sister is a chef be she
visited me and was freaked out at the
sign of my bachelor pad I don't have
like anything that I cook with I have
like a pan
and like a knife what don't judge me I
don't cook that often so I decided to
get inspired and buy some things so that
I would want to cook more often so I
bought a knife set first of all and has
a bunch of knives and I can use these
knives to like to cut things and stuff I
also picked up a bunch of new pots and
pans so I have more options for cooking
if I want to like boil something or
saute something or cook some things
honestly I've been using both of them so
frequently and I'm so glad that I have
them and I know that a lot of them have
really good warranties and will last
forever so good investment right such an
adult I am I just didn't call me Dad
okay don't call me that oh my god
and the final kitchen thing I picked up
were these jars so I have a bunch of
things that I use on the regular I
really wanted like put them out on my
kitchen table in jars so the people can
see them and I have easy access to them
and they also they just look freaking
cute look at them and also they come
with cute little chalkboard things on
the front so I can write what's in the
jars on the front it's just it's the
most Pinterest Etsy thing I've ever done
in my entire life I'm crafty as people
get with it copy of its and Chea the
next thing that I'm interested in sash
that I bought recently is this coconut
water
this will coconut water is my favorite
although it is quite expensive it's like
five dollars a bottle which is a little
bit pricey but the reason I like it is
because I know it's 100% natural ever
heated raw no sugar added all this stuff
which is very important to me so it's
perfect and it's delicious and it's
fricking pink it's naturally fun fact
coconuts apparently when you get them at
the right time of the races and all that
stuff when they are young they produce
pink water I think that's really cool
personally I was tickled pink when I
heard it I'm hilarious one problem with
this focusing thing is sometimes when I
move which I do a lot focuses on other
things next I got some clothes and the
first clothing item I picked up was this
pair of jeans I picked up this pair of
jeans from Topman they're really cheap
but they're really good quality and what
I like about them is that a they are
perfect fit to like my body which sounds
really weird they literally just like
fit my body really well which is really
hard to find like a good pair of jeans
also they have a hole in them which I'm
not normally about that but when I tried
them on they look too cool not to get
and then also they have enough room at
the end for me to fold them up if I want
to which is also very very nice and
they're perfect and they're stretchy and
just I thoroughly enjoy them I may have
worn them for like a week after I bought
them just saying quick another thing I
picked up from Topman was just
this plane t-shirt I think of this plane
t-shirt it's from their selected section
try saying that ten times fast and yeah
it's pretty thick it's pretty plain but
it also comes with the sleeves rolled
which i think is super convenient
because I would already roll the sleeves
anyway I know they're never gonna fall
down and yeah I just I really like it it
comfy as heck another clothing item I
picked up was this sweater as you guys
know I have a passion for sweaters I
love sweaters they're my favorite I
don't care that it's summer I love a
good sweater I picked up this cute
little number from rag-and-bone
it's either dark gray or dark green I
still really can't tell it looks dark
green in certain Lighting's and then
another Lighting's that looks dark gray
so one of the two I really like how
simple it is but I also really like the
trimmings around the collar and also
around the sleeves and everything it's
perfect I love it main thing the final
thing I have picked up recently is just
a wallet this wallet I think of this
wallet from a shop in Abbot Kinney when
I was just like looking around one day I
was literally getting my car oil change
which again another adult thing go me
and I was shopping around it's from this
little store called will and leather or
something like that will and craft I
don't remember its names not actually in
the wallet it just says will and it's
perfect it's dark brown leather and on
the inside it's black it's really simple
cuz there's just two pockets and then
another one for your license so it's
thin it's small it's got everything I
need because I don't even carry cash
anymore hella convenient hella good
smells yup like have you ever smelled
new leather product mmm smells like a
cow's butt I love it it it
 okay I'm done with it but yeah so
that's what I'm into this week those are
some new things I bought those are some
new things that are my favorites if you
happen to oneness in my favorite music
my Spotify playlist will be below that's
right music babies are oh yeah everyone
that's pretty much what I'm into this
month it's kind of weird and kind of
random cuz I feel like none of this was
summery even though it was summer
whatever I do what I want so yeah I hope
you guys are enjoying life and having a
great week that's pretty much all I got
for you so if you enjoyed this video
want more hauls make sure to big thumbs
up leave a comment so you guys next week
bye
folk guess how close can it focus come
on you got it you got it oh yeah but
