ready yeah my question for you is at
this point in your life what is the one
best piece of advice you could give to
someone watching this video right now
need to think about this you can think
about it don't work well just to be
honest always just being comfortable on
your own I know like that's really hard
to do in a society that's so judgmental
the most important thing to not let
anyone tell you who you have to be
yourself you know happy with who you are
how other people see you the way you
want to be seen it doesn't matter what
anybody thinks about you it doesn't
matter if anybody doesn't like we doing
right or wrong just do what you believe
and whereas position that you are life
is a process remember the process of
life I go through these moments of panic
and just knowing that when I'm ready to
learn a life lesson the universe will
present itself whatever you feel like
doing just do it because you don't have
the time of the world stay true to
yourself and follow what you believe
