hey what's up you guys so this week I
realized that I do something hot and
that is multitasking but before you jump
to conclusions it's not the type of
multitasking
that everyone does what I'm doing some
sort of activity and I have a specific
set amount of time to do that activity
and I have to wait while I'm doing that
activity I try and get done as many
things as possible I'm racing the clock
just to try to accomplish a few things
while I'm doing this activity let me
give you a quick example like in the
mornings when I wake up and I need to go
brush my teeth I have a two minute
dentist recommended brushing time that I
need to fill and I need to fill it with
as many things as I can otherwise I go
crazy the waiting drives me crazy it's
go time baby things to do and breakfast
to make let's do this
I feel like this weird habit derives
from me being very impatient and from
the fact that I have a tiny attention
span think it's a mixture of the two
there's just something about that time
period that I cannot waste I need to
fill that time got a schedule to fill
very busy person I don't know what it is
but I even do this when I'm hungry and I
need to cook some food hmm
it recommends three minutes in the
microwave to cook this pasta I wonder if
I can wash my car in the amount of time
sometimes I get a little crazy and I add
even more time so that I can put more
things into that time period you know
what 3:43 won't burn down the house and
I'll have enough time to vacuum the
interior
I don't think this is healthy honestly
sometimes I'm so bad and I even do this
when I'm on the phone with a friend or a
family member
hey mom yeah I can talk Piper you're so
funny
I'm a horrible person do you guys do any
of this does anyone else do this can you
relate please let me know in the
comments book you do this and how you do
this and why do you do this and just
don't I don't want to feel crazy you
just don't want to feel crazy so yeah
that's pretty much what's been on my
mind and I've got this week so if you
enjoyed this video make sure big thumbs
up leave a compilation by the way this
whole time I've been higher name can't
kick the habit okay
