so recently I went to one of my favorite
cities New York I was in the Air Corps
Fashion Week so I've been just totally
immersed in clothing clothing
surrounding me from head to toe and
honestly I have nothing to complain
about because I love it I've been buying
new clothes wearing new clothes it's
just been a dream and now somehow I
ended up in London so here we are and in
London right now it is absolutely chilly
autumn is my favorite season in the
entire world
I love being chilly I love wearing
jackets I love wearing sweatshirts
pumpkins chocolate more blankets spooky
things so many fun things come with
autumn so I'm just so excited but either
way it's a new season I was just
surrounded by tons of fashion so I
thought it was appropriate that this
week I want us to do my first-ever
lookbook for you guys I have put
together three looks to show you guys
this week had to tell she serves looks I
say it looks again I'm gonna die before
we get into the lookbook I want to let
you guys know that I'm partnering with
Reebok on this video Reeboks an iconic
brand so I feel very fortunate to be
working with them this is all gonna be
revolving around their unclassified
campaign so I'll be highlighting two
pairs of Reebok classics in leather I'm
gonna start with a more casual look and
move towards a more dressy look number
one this is like the perfect look that
you wear before it gets too cold because
obviously I'm rocking a t-shirt for this
look I'm wearing a common culture white
t-shirt some denim jeans from APC
they're a little bit of a loose fit
which I feel like is great for fall I'm
not as into really skinny jeans anymore
so I feel like they're perfect for this
I'm wearing a white belt that I got at
an army surplus store then I cut the end
off of it to give it a little bit more
of a grungy look and then I finish it
off with a pair of the Reebok classics
in white super comfy super casual you
can wear it while hanging out with
friends you can wear to school truly a
classic look
look this one has gone pretty much full
fall we're starting it off with a
long-sleeve turtleneck that I enjoy so
much it's an orange so very festive
I'm absolutely been adoring orange
lately and I've been getting far too
many things in it not traditionally a
shade that I've loved but here we are
moving down I have a pair of thrifted
Levi's pants they're in sort of a light
brown color so it works really well with
the orange and then I rolled them up at
the bottom which I do for all my pants
so I don't know how not to roll up my
pants anymore I just feel like it's
weird not to show my ankles he got them
good ankles then like the wipe up from
the previous look I have a black version
of it again from an army surplus store
they have amazing belts and accessories
feel like it adds so much to the look
and then to accent the belt I finish it
off with Reebok classics in black
leather a rule of thumb that I've always
been told is that you're supposed to
match your belt with your shoes and in
this case that definitely works the
black Reebok shoes with the black belt
just adds this nice pop waist cinch for
the gods feet look and fly as hell the
final look of my lookbook how many times
can converse a look in this lookbook
this is by far the most seasonal and the
most dressed up look of the lookbook
this bright yellow knit sweater is from
Calvin Klein it's so bright and so
lovely I adore it to death over top I
have a vintage brown leather jacket
found it at a vintage store fits so well
and it's so heavy we have a pair of nice
sleek pants from All Saints
these ones are more on the fit inside
compared to the jeans I believe the
color they're in a stone gray as well
and then we finish it off with a pair of
the Reebok classics in black leather so
we have a lot of nice birthstones going
on in this look between the black
leather to the slate gray to the dark
brown and then that pop that shining
beacon of hope that sweater in the
middle
boom that's it three looks what I found
working with Reebok is really cool is
that their shoes are so versatile again
I can wear them with just jeans and a
t-shirt or I can dress them up with a
nice sweater and a nice jacket it's
really up to you how you want to wear
them and as someone who loves
experimenting with different clothes I
appreciate that
hence why the campaign is called the
unclassified campaign because you're an
individual who should feel empowered and
enabled to wear whatever you want
whenever you want if you want to get a
pair of Reeboks just like mine I will be
sure to leave a link down below you can
get it on Reebok calm or journeys calm
definitely go experiment with your
clothes and tag me in the photos if you
take them I want to see you guys looking
cute as hell but anyways that's pretty
much what I'm wearing this fall season
and that was tied in my first real
lookbook Gomi you guys enjoyed this
wanna see more videos like it definitely
make sure to click that thumbs up button
also quick hug to common culture there
are still some products left like this
one that I'm wearing I designed it
myself there's still a few left so make
sure to go check them out on common
culture Co there's that I hope you guys
are looking good I hope you're feeling
good I love you and see you next week
ginger intermission big thumbs up leave
do
