hey what's up you guys today i'm here
with Tanya burr hey guys
no child I think no one's gonna watch it
is to make just me how boring
yeah we guess today fabulous Tanya burr
and I'm in the UK by the way she's
British you didn't already know I like
tea but anyway so today we decided to do
something that's actually scary and I'm
going to be actually waxing my legs it
does yeah I have very hairy legs so it's
going to hurt really bad and my part is
Connor actually suggested this I thought
it'd be funny what I do for the Internet
yeah I don't know why don't you watch my
leg we're gonna love it there they're
gonna feel and make oh no no you might
love it doing the opposite of what I
call my legs feel so sweet okay okay
let's hang on don't here's what we get
we have Jim Chapman over here on the
side
hello mate he's gonna be asking us
questions and we have to guess the
answer yeah so I have an animal related
place and if I get it wrong I get waxed
but if you get it wrong I get to draw on
your face with makeup essentially Connor
can do whatever you want for my face and
I know that he's got the worst end of
the bargain is that very same position
you're taking something off my body and
I put in something on it yes okay let's
do it
okay let's go we should really just
collect the hair from your legs and make
a coat oh don't get one of your makeup
cocky yeah you aren't too early and it's
wrong you forfeit okay yeah question
number one true or false
mice live for 10 years for self the
answer is false
condos their first apparently captain my
solute for up to two and a half years
while wild mice live for an average of
four months rid little thing before they
get Putin along yeah how do you rescue
some my slate tiles a veg filmic how do
I get this off oh wait this was some
sort of lipstick hey I'm gonna start off
running nice looks like kind of blush up
I'm being safe at I'm being kind or okay
Mike an easy one here what is the name
of the phobias are enfold and I've not
fear of spiders which I have no I got
enough you like bring up don't do like a
really hairy spot which spots gonna hurt
doors
help me nobody's all gonna oh oh my god
oh this is going on you know yeah look
at my now you would hold on thank you No
okay so Lorraine was sinner it's Steve
I'm bleeding there is blood if there's a
- where's that blood right there it's
not real it is right there
you're not gonna lie didn't hurt as bad
as I thought it would where's the car oh
I'm gonna puke off next okay that's easy
okay we're giving your unibrow I'll true
or false god damn have no sweat glands
so they use their mouth grease eat true
false the answer is true yes yes true
haha your brow you know brow your
ass my feet on your time and I need to
look nice yeah that's true about you
shouldn't have taken the hair off my
life you like putting makeup on me yeah
a little bit nothing like I mean I did
see an article written said you know
browser go in DM just like gee I think
you look great oh you're gonna stick a
straight to my either no I'm coloring
you in you're like a giant like Crayola
one better okay next question
whoa-oh-oh-oh goes no no can you give us
a clue that's not really anything yes
and you get it wrong then you have to
hit hoof it oh my god cool this is the
best thing ever
I'm gonna put glitter on you oh yeah we
need to open this don't spill it
everywhere what is the answer cow oh I
do look it's still hungry get on I'll
fix this because I'll do this on your
forehead what does it look like glitter
take it to the eyebrow it's like Simba
like when he has that little bloody
sitting across his face you look great
no I'm making you look awesome
haha you can fold on top that's a done
thing let's see if
you can redeem myself in a dough is what
kind of animal
Oh give you one more Gino specifically
what kind of dick learn about it oh I
did a female deer ray a drop of Golden
Sun ah I'm on the way to ride this is
copyright do a little bit like okay I
feel like I look gross anyway which part
are you gonna do the call
you're something finicky from the county
to the cow this is this bar it's gonna
fall off at this point these guys show
me camera you can come see like mean
like how do you show me I'm a stretchy
I'm like Hello right
oh are you doing it right now yeah take
you right now ready 1 2
oh is it hot yeah when I get wax the wax
make with when I get one the marketing
lady thinks that rips it off and then
use place to put pressure on it so a
little Z that's now on yeah I'm from
pressure of man squeeze Witco next
question I want to draw something on
your face it's an interesting lime true
or false
rabbits are born blind true hundred
percent true I know it's hard you lose
my act
true there you take it I want to put
something on your lips on your lips
that's cool Phillips one blow it's the
one I was looking from for the lipstick
the lipstick the lipstick it's like a
movie it looks so pretty I feel like I
want yes brandy it's like a jar pink eye
beer it like you know like a brand new
jar of peanut butter
yeah you just like want to like mess it
up so I want to take it to the paper and
essenes here we go Oh No
thank you it just fine now do your best
Miranda sings compression okay
I love I love me too
next question Jen yeah you need to given
this out like get that big guy like a
landing strip the crocodile species
beliefs have been around for how long
two million or 200 million years to me
hundred million two hundred million is
the correct answer
I feel robotic are your legs are just
gonna stay patchy
I'd be like who really loses here I'm
making you look pretty on the side
that's history guys you've already can't
touch your makeup I'm you're really
confident when you're putting on YouTube
remake by calling you're enjoying
yourselves I'm not I mean like I'm not
doing a good job so I don't know it's
like something out of the movies you
know like horror film what's the next
question
quite jump true or false snakes have
slimy skin how much time he wanted it
leg laughs no I want you're like where I
want my sore leg if you get a question
right there and sound now I'm mashing
hard
oh my god okay these are found on every
continent on earth except for one which
is in Antarctica Greenland is Antarctica
I'm so good he's a green continent huh
wax my leg do both right I have a grand
finale
wait I'll wax one and you wax the other
oh and I'm gonna joy that much pain is
the key
okay one of the things I'm gonna come
from behind yes
a commercial firm to Ingrid eight one
two three oh that would hurt real
bad which we gotta make this 100 hi
you know off my finishes I'm just gonna
have to wax the rest of your life that
 or lag what do they do
oh I should have put pressure on it let
me hold it whilst you do the engine the
after all I am Trump thank you for
watching this video it was super fun
I really enjoyed it I really enjoyed it
you look Freddie fun we're going to be
shiny forhead if you'd enjoy it and you
enjoy my pain give it a thumbs up please
please give it a thumps phone and also
if you want to check out another video
we do we do this Tania's Channel yes
where we stuffed our face with
marshmallows and played gets the
youtuber and it's really I met
marshmallows all over yeah so you wanna
go check that out click Tania's face or
click the link in the downbar and
subscribe you pissed Tania is literally
before one of the funniest people on
YouTube I laugh so hard at your videos
there's something you're like okay yeah
I got a kid on this video make sure if
it comes up leave a couple over there
wait okay you deal one more strip can
you do this last yeah do it do it do it
oh that's clear low okay I think our
self for another stripper danger no no
no I love you back oh dear I don't know
