hey what's up you guys I'm in a
different room actually on a blow-up
mattress right now because my sister was
here for a week and she stayed on it so
betting weird noise has happened I'm
just guessing it's from this maybe it's
just this room okay that was trippy I
thought it was dark outside but it is
clearly light over there also I have
this pillow right here
I don't always top the camera I don't
like it I'm just gonna warn you this may
not work out because my microphone is
dying the camera is not really working
and I have to get your flight so there's
just so many variables that are against
me right now you'll attacked I feel
personally attacked don't come for me
life
I'll give it anyway so as a lot of you
guys know the other week I was in the UK
the while I was in the UK I did a book
tour which went very well and I enjoyed
meeting all of you and while I was on
set book tour a lot of you guys gave me
a lot of candy a lot of sugar a lot of
cavities a lot of that stuff today I'm
gonna be doing another candy haul
testing trying type thing that's what
I'll be doing yes oh well pretty
self-explanatory let's do it so I've
never had any one of these this time I
literally have not had any of this it
all looks born as I also really do
not want candy right now I none of it
sounds good nothing's going right the
first candy I will be trying is called
twirl twirl I like the packaging eight
plus four the packaging got a little bit
destroyed on the journey here upon
further inspection twirl is literally
just chocolate is it literally drip
chocolate it's literally just chocolate
for all its fancy packaging with just
chocolate cool how about something more
interesting like this spa spa spa this
one says that it is more milk chocolates
okay you know if you K you're not
bringing any originality
the moment but let's try it okay took
literally more chocolate plain chocolate
I paste nothing different okay
apparently the purple package ones are
unoriginal
bring me some originality what's up they
all look so good too
but they're just playing chocolate I
need one that's better let's try this
one the star bar a chewy cosmos of
peanuts and corn berry good branding hmm
part of my French but fun that ones it's
a second bite I was that they were right
when they said chewy because a super
chewy but it is so good
Wow it would be like sneaking bites of
that one over here while you guys can't
see me food let's try another one let's
go for a sweet one I don't know if this
is really particular to the UK but I had
to throw in some sweet ones so I drew is
this thing called shoe it's strawberry
flavor I mean for all I know this could
be gum I can just be dumb I choked on my
own spit they have little dinosaurs on
it it's really cute chewing oh my - it
was all kampala cute the name says it
all but really chewy
really sweet not much unlike the
comment' Oh more starbursts
I like that moving on I saw several of
these and I'm really interested as to
what it is but this is called lion I
have like four or five different kinds
you guys gave me so I just picked this
one I think it looks like the generic
one there's nothing there I hope it's
not chocolate but yeah it looks upon
inspection of the photo time it looks
like this one is more than just
chocolate so hopefully okay it's falling
apart hopefully it will be interesting
and provide quality content
times Oh mm-hmm I can't tell how I feel
about that one it's got a lot of stuff
it looks like it has like caramel and do
getting chocolate and but I don't know
something tastes kind of gross about it
I think it's them to wispy things like
them like the little crunchy bits in it
not a fan not a fan not to get catty or
anything but that one is not that good
it's the best pun I could then go okay
okay I need a break from these sweets
Rosa doesn't mention the beginning of
the video I've been traveling so friggin
much the way I got around in the UK was
trained and it was oddly relaxing and I
don't know if people in the UK think
that I just I really liked it one of the
things I did to keep myself busy and one
of the things that usually do when I'm
traveling is listen to something on
audible.com for all of you that do not
know audible is the leading provider of
audiobooks they have over 180,000
different titles to choose from which is
incredible that selection is prime and
the book I'm recommending you listen to
this month is joy of yourself as new
book to always one of my best YouTube
friends and he just came out with this
book recently and it is great he's
extremely open his book so I know his
audiobook version of he's that much more
intimate so I highly suggest you to
listen to it and doesn't do another book
you can listen to my book which is also
on there I gotta get that promo sorry
but yes only if you do is putting the
DAO bar go to audible.com slash connor
and you can download one free book if
you start your trial with agua con slash
Connor you get a free book so seriously
it's like the best deal and I cannot
recommend it enough
read a book okay after that speech
transition back to the candy how about
another Yorkie original I feel like I've
seen your keys before and not like the
dogs but I've never tried one and I
think it might I don't know I don't it
looks like I bet it has caramel $10 says
it has caramel in the middle i Umbach
put a shawl in chocolate what
the hell how many solid chocolate bars
can you have I'm kidding me literally
just milk chocolate 3 I don't like the
10 bars I'm having are just milk
chocolate are you kidding okay let's try
another one
toffee Chris zombie-like coffee I hope
it has coffee no artificial flavors
colors and preservatives Yeah right
don't lie to me this is coffee this is
the winner I'm just saying saying
and honestly just taste like chocolate
with crunchy things and I got all of
those okay I'm dropping more on the bed
I literally think it's just chocolate
with crunchy things four bars are you
kidding me
I've said and are you kidding me like
every other sentence we have a couple
more this one I again don't know if it's
particularly the UK but this one is
called lumps and it's fat-free so yay
help
it's literally I know what it is it's
literally just a marshmallow
mmm much flavor again natural colors and
flavors yeah right fluffy marshmallows
but I will say that I am a very good fan
of marshmallows like if I could eat one
sweet thing for the rest of my life I
would pick marshmallows okay I don't
know if that's actually true but I
really do like mush pretty um Brittany
just sugar lots of this looks gross okay
what about another bite at the star bar
because you know how much I like that
one before this is the only actual
interesting one
not one more I'm leaving it to this one
to keep it interesting and save the show
you have a munchies and emoji does just
look like caramel chocolate so
everything they said it again I'm sorry
mom my mom will text me telling me to
calm down after this I guarantee it
oh there was a surprise inside I kind of
want to like take it apart what was that
I have two caramel and chocolate and
crunchiness inside I don't know what
kilojoules are or kilocalories or chance
probably not what it actually is all I
know is this is also bad for me I just
gained a pound and not like a British
pound and the video okay guys so that
was some British candy I would have
eaten Mars bars and all those other
candy bars but I had those in my
Australian candy video I don't know if -
Australian or British
but I've eaten them uh so don't yell at
me in the comments below
well you can put in the comments below
is where I should get candy from next ha
ha ha ha ha plug
maybe I'll order it from Japan or
something but if you did enjoy this
video make sure it's a big thumbs up
because it helps me and it will make me
feel better for consuming all of that
junk except for the star bar you know
how much I love it where'd it go yes um
I actually have to go touch a plane so
other than that I hope you guys are
having a fantastic week but ok I think
I'm gonna go so if you did enjoy this
video a big thumbs up with a couple of
check- moves let's go son
I'll see you guys next week bye ok now I
need to clean up and just end with a
kissy face
