hey what's up you guys this week I am
here with Jim he is still in London and
I said video Jim
yes Deborah collabo ever ever how's that
happen I don't know I feel like I need
to like communicate with my friends and
I know I was a dad with anybody Doris
you do but so there's a challenge that
I've always wanted to do but I've never
seen I've never seen I've never done
I've never done myself and that is the
backwards words work I can't talk jet
lag guys here is the backwards word
challenge
I've never gonna end up yeah and I we
just did a whisper challenge in channel
and we're both really bad at that yeah
I'm just assuming all of this this is
why I do a few challenges I'm not meant
for I think I think we should just we
should test that there is no password oh
yeah I like going he finds on his phone
I'll make my way he's a password there
we go
get intermountain steal everything
there's just all the news so we have
this I'm not going to promise that we
have a reverse app thing we're gonna
speak into we're gonna say it backwards
it's gonna try and say former is it or
is it the best wins and what they win I
respect yes I think you should start
you're the guest
pickle in easy work no I'm not going to
stop you I'm gonna start with shake it
off are you kidding me I think we got a
words of my good prepper and the Saints
are clicking okay Oh key - oh my god
that was really good okay bah - hmm this
is ah okay there you go first
ready I was gonna like off I was like
yeah oh I think I'm really good at this
yes yes I love this game you definitely
I'm not in a chance I'm not this guy
sure they can be playing this yeah um
let's do I have to just pop a capo oh my
god okay I'll go over I like trying to
see in the sky I know okay bah bah bah
okay ready
Oh drunk over come brush and easily do
oh my god oh yeah that's really good so
impressed of myself this is the most
proud I've ever been aggressive with me
I did that I'm so proud of you wonder
one I think sticking with the theme of
food s cup of pineapple like a good plan
yeah favorite hurt look by the mighty my
friends head I'm such a cute were both
are fighting oh I got it I'm I'm so hot
side away at the beginning I'm so tense
might give me really bad me an apple
we're not backwards yeah I think I
switched the PDMS an apple doesn't brand
new fruit is just a mugging fun I've
ever had
let's do me really hard to go really
hard with our separate extraordinary Oh
quite an extraordinary human being I
look out my head
I wonder like try to whisper to another
god I have to see the love iane Taurus
that sounded like a potion I would love
it if you couldn't edit this video and
it's just our bus going Iran three
tracks are a bad bad already
that's not bad not too bad that's not
good you gotta re yeah that's Fatiha
noise you're right it's like something
from I'm spitting peridot my vision when
you get it wrong it's so annoying
yeah wait so is it too - I think it is I
think it cuz you've got yours that I've
got mine yeah yeah - just don't making
our suitcases
okay okay I'm ready
today soon sake who's I got my team is
wrong way around
I know just try again it's still it
close though oh that's amazing
that's so good like speaking to each
other
that was guest look at this this could
be the win way let's have Tanya burr
we're now bringing in the lovely Tanya
burr need to give us a word we've been
using words like suitcase avocado
extraordinary so whatever whatever you
want to encapsulate what that can be
really not yeah I really think it didn't
work forward tanu scatman three Vatican
Congress on the basis of the word the
second half just needs my mind before
what I didn't have an iron lung I can't
stay loose Bartnik ah I hear those kind
of that I think I got a new talent of I
I can't believe I'm good at something
my favorite watches my game of T well we
did it everyone let's do the outro
backwards entire things deep burgundy
you know perform Fergie purple subscribe
Wow thank you girl for watching I hope
you enjoyed that video I actually read
hated it really I don't loving the idea
because I was quite good I got
progressively what you're so excited
about that was really nervous
Edie here I actually try you things
people you know yep
that's the moral that's the moral yeah
time you things backwards yeah thank you
did enjoy this video make sure to make
thumbs up cuz mmm had fun and I hope you
did too and also we filmed another video
on chins change what do we do isn't it
right he did the whisper challenge yes
is good well it was good for you I mean
it was funny we learnt very good you
were good
I was back that's ok which yeah else I
have the record would probably be
anything worse but the whisper challenge
not something you're the best at being
bad okay there we go
click Jim's face go check it out give it
a thumbs up also subscribe cuz it makes
great times very much he's shoe but yeah
that's pretty much it so I hope you
enjoyed this video in addition to make
them something couple of over
what
