hey what's up you guys this week I'm
here with Dan I mean yeah yeah we make
any big room looks move we're so off
topic today I thought it'd be fun to do
a little trivia yeah I thought that I
would like you guys against each other
best friend versus best friend okay cred
on the line here I never in my whole
life is the entire side know ya better
get these questions right I feel like
Don is 20% more incident at me I feel
like I'm in that like smack yeah are you
saying I mean literally as I was driving
up you're like under Sun tumbler and I'm
like I would expect right now today I
think that's Mike that's me scrolling by
the way yeah wondering like the weird
like a baby rock there
okay so there's ten punches a minute
trivia side quick quick bunch of
questions can I check every anyone have
glasses or a bowtie
Wow all right now that I have the bowtie
let the games begin
no this is how it works okay he's the
host
I'm renewals you're the printer I'm
respecting you
host friends are okay okay first of all
we need you're gonna have to make that
every time in a brunoise you like okay
you're gonna regret that a mandatory
anyone with headphones and then the
rules to the game is literally I'm just
asking question and then we make your
noise buzz and then yes okay okay got a
new pose new questions no what if you
think you know the answer already yeah
but if you get it wrong grave then you
die Wow we both went straight to dare
straight there's so many forfeits we
could have said and we just went
question number one okay I'm in the zone
ready what does both did pretty bad me
then it means laugh out loud there you
go I knew that well I'm so proud of
myself for that also means lots of love
if you're my grandma texting that's bad
because they make it into tech like you
crammed I just sidewall but today MIT
means like lots of love oh my god you
know you just said question to finish
this game title flappy bird prices the
tie game people okay
the tension is unbearable number three
define meme no I mean you made the noise
go find to find a medium me I've seen a
lot of people saying dan is a giant meme
I'm not the definition of me though I
could be an example of it
is the thing that loads of people talk
about let me internet and then it gets
famous even though it's like a dog with
a cute baby I'll take a humorous image
video that is copied and number you know
crazy who created tumblr David yes yeah
okay this video right now Susan whoa CEO
of YouTube this looks like someone
dropped all this trouble does this just
like hit the keyboard now you're chosen
sorry Susan Susan I love you I putting
the questions see he knows how to do I'm
hitting on swings it just turned ten
yeah
you didn't get a cake sorry what are we
implying get your hands off me dan is on
fire on the lead that's unacceptable
England just leave so you're not doing
so amazing right now
No right from the man with the bow tie
how many hours of footage are uploaded
to YouTube 25 million every minute every
time okay I'm gonna suggest 1 million I
was there like the whole of human
history is that we like 20 million I'll
see your 20 no I'm saying zing-zing
question number 9 if someone is annoying
you on Twitter I got the first Raptor in
there you can mute them or if they're
really annoying you can block them yeah
they fucking report like a report like
I'm pouring send an assassin to the
house
well I mean like box reporters are like
the thing that you say fulfills to
polite so Phil would never stay block
party to be like I would kindly ask them
to please stop yeah we've muted them and
then not tell them yes I'm not sneaky
I'm just nice I believe we only have one
more question no you're still down my
water ok you know this let's not think
about the score let's just keep going
for now ok you need this question to
stay on the island
ok I better get you ready
question when was the internet invented
crap I'm resigning this quiz I mean you
were closest the first one was in 1985
according to Google it's 1969
that's when they fight that's when like
mr. internet made an exception that's
ringing this bench ever they made the
right first break there was nice all
right lost you know are you tied because
you're incorrect oh so now you want to
go away do you answer that very question
yeah okay I just I need to move my my
right sudden death the last question for
it all so much tension
do you know praying hands don't know I'm
making the supplements pot because I did
not have a loving question possibly the
most important question yeah when was
the iconic Connor Franta YouTube channel
created 12 who do you think I am 2009
you're the actual date right I feel like
it would be summer and you like on board
my holidays I'm gonna make a channel on
June 16 fake fan August 21st Connor come
on come on really
so I died then I think we have the
winner here Congrats
as we just clapped myself you're like
really proud there we go counting the
king
Phil's leaving that's my face
it's a good pausing it I don't want
patting became I think Ana's Khan is a
good pata isn't it I should get dad yeah
taking out the trash guys okay get back
in here well that's it I guess we found
out to be the king of the Internet is
right here thank you very much
graduation today the quiz master was in
control I mean I have a bow tie actually
I knew everything right well we're gonna
do a shocking lie detector on my turn
that sounds fun and painful yeah and on
my channel we're gonna do a how to speak
lad British special while you're over
here in our country so all that yeah
that come out - no I'm still doing the
thumbs victor face let's check out the
videos and
