I have always wanted to do this not
gonna lie but I've been a little bit
afraid I don't know why hey what's up
you guys so this week's video is going
to be I'm gonna be different but I don't
know if I've done it before I've
honestly always wanted to do a haul
video or a favorites video because I
have things that I want to show you that
I'm interested in and I've never done
one before and I don't really know why I
literally I kid you not watch haul
videos like all day when Zoey uploads a
30 minute haul video I'm like praise
Jesus
yes yes yes I don't know there's
something about people talking about
things that they're interested in that I
just really enjoy also quick little side
note if there's any like weird loud
noises because my windows are open and I
don't know I'd really like the fresh air
nice day get over it bleeding in
California here we are but yes so today
what are you talking about the things
that I am interested in right now and
hopefully they will interest you as a
human a person boy girl who knows I have
many interests let's go the first we're
going to start off with food and
beverages I love snacking and I love
having breaks my newest favorite thing
is to have my refrigerator just stopped
with different types of drinks so that
when friends come over I can be like
what do you want
I've got it all I've got it all and my
newest obsession for drinks is this pure
life unsweetened tea like I said my last
video I'm trying to kind of get off
sugar so this is unsweetened tea and
it's really good and it's just just tea
it's literally just plain tea so I
always keep a bunch of these in my
refrigerator for like friends and myself
and if I just want to grab something
that's not water but but yeah does taste
pretty good for snacks
I am always eating wasabi peas I don't
care what the brand is I don't care
whatever I just love wasabi peas I eat
salty things over sweet things
nine times out of 10 and wasabi peas
they like it like goes through your nose
and just like in gulps your entire body
and I don't know why but I love that
it's a weird thing to love I don't know
I just love asabi peas and they're
really young
I love to snack on them like whenever
I'm just doing anything editing on a
plane hanging out with friends walking
the dog I don't know now like home decor
as you guys know I love candles candles
have a special place in my heart and I
picked up these two bad boys at
Anthropologie which I've never been an
anthropology before but I went in and I
got a lot of good candles this one is
called what is this one called this one
is called oasis blossom and this one is
called volcano and when I went with joy
Graceffa he literally was like you don't
know what volcano is so I mean
apparently I've been missing out on a
giant social trend mmm no words nope
nothing this candle does things to me
like it makes it just like mmm this one
is like this one's okay it's not as good
volcano though like that is
erupting
there's something about candles that
really just makes me feel at home
because I'm feeling anxious or stressed
I just light a candle and immediately
like makes me so much calmer it has
magical powers that makes me feel better
I don't know the next thing I have is a
little toy slash fun thing and that is a
Polaroid camera I was actually given
this I've ever had one of these little
point-and-shoot one's about like a big
one on Amazon at one point in my life
and it didn't work and I was really
pissed but now I have this one and just
turn it on let's take let's take a
 selfie right now there we
go forget waiting me oh well let that
devolve do not shake that's apparently a
myth I'll let it sit right there but
yeah so I just love this it's really fun
to take with me and take there's
something about Polaroids that is so
much better than taking like an iPhone
photo something about the physical
aspect but also that just looks really
cool yeah I'm probably gonna be back and
take a picture of this and posted my
Instagram I love taking pictures of
pictures smooth trip I just flipped you
up do really cool twit why am i
Instagram is treinta that's my favorite
social media of the month okay that's
always my favorite social media let's
get real question me and next we got
some clothing
I know majority of my audience is
females with maybe they'll still be
interested in this maybe you're walking
that and Raja
and you want to wear some men's clothing
who knows it's 2015 people wear whatever
you want like these shoes because they
look really good
it's wearing a lot this video I
apologize so yes I picked up these shoes
at a store that I forget the name of I
think it's called American Rag in LA and
thereby opening ceremony and I just love
them they're like this really nice suede
material but with like a wood sole to it
and yeah it's just like one piece simple
shoelaces very I don't know like I just
literally love that they go with
everything they slip on really easy but
they also look really nice so I can wear
them for any occasion they are the
perfect shoe plus they're soft and they
smell really good mmm
even better than the candles next also
from American Rag I picked up the
sweater incredibly boring I mean like
this literally this literally shows what
I've been to for clothes but it's by a
brand called our legacy and I don't know
I've always been looking for like a
white grayish sweater just like a plain
sweater that fits really well and I
picked up this bad boy and it's really
nice and really soft and then finally oh
I dropped something and then finally
from American Outfitters I got this coat
it's like that army green coat it's got
a lot of pockets on it it's by the brand
Cotto Cotto kudo kudos to you yeah I
really like it again it goes with
everything and I've been obsessed with
it and wearing it probably too much you
probably seen me wearing it a lot of
different things nice warm and actually
like not a bad price either and last but
not least music this month and like last
month and pretty much every month before
that I have been obsessed with this band
called a wonder their newest song is
called livewire and I cannot stop
playing it I really could not stop
playing any other songs so I cannot
recommend enough that you go check out
their songs and they don't have an album
out yet or an EP but they're leading up
to it it's a boy and a girl on their
voice mix so well together and it's very
chill but very complex at the same time
I don't know how to explain it I really
really enjoy it it's on my Spotify
playlist I will leave a link in the
downbar I was trying to leave a link for
all the stuff in the Dom or if you want
to check it out but yes everyone that's
actually a this this is all the stuff
I'm obsessed with this month again I've
never really done one of these videos
before and typically guys don't do these
videos on YouTube so if you enjoy it and
you want me to do more like this leave a
comment down below and give it a thumbs
up if it gets enough of those
a lot of positive feedback then maybe
I'll start doing them more I enjoy it I
mean like the stuffs fun to me I love
this stuff but yes so I hope you guys
are having a really good week as this is
being up I will be in London right now
I'm probably having a pretty good time
and yeah again if you enjoyed this video
make sure the big thumbs up leave
accomplished I got my sister says
Christopher I'll see you guys next week
did you like that new outro I spent way
too much time making it but I really
like it
ok bye
