I have literally no idea why decided to
film this outside because a it's raining
fee there's a dog barking and see my
neighbor's can come out at any minute
and I would look weird awkward and they
would ruin the video I don't know what
we're gonna do this is like not even
centered what am i doing also I have my
laptop out here so this is just the
worst idea in the world hello everyone
I've been gone for a while and I feel
like you guys have so many questions I
have so many answers to give you for so
many different things so let's do the
Q&A shall we also put a little sign up
before we begin there are two
announcements that are gonna be
sprinkled throughout this video because
well I just want to keep you guessing
those stay and watch the whole thing and
watch as the rain just the chaos is
about to unfold let's be real here we go
what happened to fetus Connor who always
took his shirt off he gained some
self-respect how do you deal with
embarrassing moments as someone who's
had plenty of embarrassing moments let
me tell you I just learned to laugh at
all laughing is the easiest way to get
over an embarrassing moment explain this
I would but I don't want to whisk it
explain this child mmm okay not gonna
lie this creeped me out a little bit I
know obviously I posted these two photos
but I never realized how similar the two
kids look like I honestly feel like I'm
being haunted by some freaking
three-year-old that just was behind me
while I'm eating constantly I mean there
could be worse things in life I'm also
being haunted by bad weather oh my god
everything I know and love is getting
wet that could be taken in many ways
what are you obsessed with to be honest
this is a weird obsession but I'm
obsessed with not eating sugar and
you're gonna thank done or Connor Connor
what the i watch this documentary
called fed up and you do not realize how
much sugar were in taking like every
single thing you eat has so much sugar
and it's so bad for you and watch the
documentary and you will go sugarless or
at least you'll try it's really hard I
want to vomit at the thought who killed
him it was me
hahahaha it was me bitch will work in
progress be inaudible first announcement
time I just got hit in the mouth with a
rain drop so has a lot of you know I
spent the last three days recording my
audio book I myself went in and spent
like five hours a day talking and I
don't think people realize how difficult
that is reading my book out loud in
front of strangers word-for-word until I
go back and try and like emotionally put
myself in each situation was really
difficult as well so yes for all of you
that do not know audible is the leading
provider of audiobooks they have over
150,000 different titles to choose from
and now my book is one of them if you
head over to audible.com slash Connor
you can pre-order my audio book I'm
reading the whole thing to you so it's
like a cool little intimate experience
between us so yes again if you used
audible.com slash Connor you get one
free download so I suggest you go
download my book and you get for free
pretty cool deal I worked really hard on
it
so even give the physical copy I really
recommend you get the audio copy because
it just like again it's so much more
intimate and I really tell you and guide
you through my story it's raining so
much this is the worst idea ever
you're changing locations we are
changing locations this was the best
idea ever it's still raining but not as
hard I'm gonna wanted me to sing this
video so that one's for you is white
your aesthetic I mean I don't know
that's like pretty racist I like things
that are playing clean and simple
whatever color that may be would you
throw Troy's album like you threw your
book payback's a bitch how do all these
positive comments about your book make
you feel okay not gonna lie between the
comments on Amazon Barnes and Noble
iTunes all the tweets I'm getting and
all those photos you guys are taking of
the book by the way those are incredibly
cute so keep sending me photos of you
with the book it's super super
heartwarming and nice honestly those all
make my day and I really appreciate it
so thank you what are you gonna do for
Mother's Day this is a really sad one
though unfortunately I will still be
here in California for Mother's Day and
my mom's gonna be in Minnesota who me
and my siblings got her some cute gifts
we got her like a yoga mat and a yoga
bag and all this yoga related things
because you know mom's and yoga yeah I
won't be there but I'll probably call my
mom and wish her happy Mother's Day and
so open that present and all that stuff
miss you mom
mom when will you get new merch out am i
asking for much okay okay calm down I
may or may not be working on lots and
lots of new merch right now and I may or
may not have gotten an email with the
merch in it right before this video new
merch coming soon district lines
accomplished Connor Tran selfie link now
there are like sirens going off and it's
still raining oh one of those days why
does your book have a triangle on the
cover of the menotti confirmed no
comment and last but not least when are
you coming back to the UK we miss you
the last announcement so I'm happy to
announce that I'm continuing my book
tour in the UK I will be going to five
cities in the UK boom right there there
they are
maybe one of them is yours and I'll be
going there from the 24th of May all the
way till the 29th of May so like really
frickin soon so anyone the UK that wants
to come all you do is quickly thin down
bar it'll bring you to this website and
I'll have all the information they get
to meet me I'll sign your book we'll get
to take a photo all that fun stuff and
yeah I'm really excited cuz I haven't
been in the UK in like a year and I
missed you guys and now I get to bring
my book back to you so we're gonna wash
up fun nacho nacho fun yes any
information on that click link in the
downbar for any information on anything
click links in the now bar but okay you
guys that's it I'm very overexposed very
cold and everything I know when love is
wet I hope you guys enjoyed this quick
little video and I hope you enjoyed the
new setting because you know change is
good but really that's all I got for you
guys so if you enjoyed the video make
sure the big thumbs up leave a compote
chacra my social websites
seriously everything I just everything
is wet everything is wet
