so I'm finally back home after a month
and what sucks about living alone is
that when you leave and you get back
everything is just as you left it but
with like an inch of dirt on it
my place is a rack and today I need to
fix that I have to do so many adult
things I hate not being seven here's
what I gotta do unpack done get the mail
whoo look mail in a package mom this is
the only thing I care about you take out
the trash
done clean clean some more yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah clean even more
because everything is so disgusting that
it makes you want to vomit vomit that's
disgusting
do laundry
go clean yourself wash the car it's
clean enough to eat off of and uh uh go
to the store I'm hungry
also do not drive and vlog I think it's
illegal I think get some groceries
headed that and I'm really excited to
eat all this food
I hate vlogging in public by now rest
and one week later do it all over again
hey Pig an adult oh hey so hope you guys
enjoyed that little video it was
probably my best video yet because I got
to do everything that I needed to do
while filming my video
multitasking quick little side note this
package that you saw in the video which
was at my front door when I got home was
actually for my friends over at loot
crate
so essentially loot crate is a
subscription service that sends you kind
of like cool nerdy geeky honestly like
it's really cool stuff every single
month in a box and let me tell you this
mouth is really cool because with the
Avengers movies it's out it has a lot of
stuff revolving around that and not
gonna lie big van ready big van each
month or six to ten different items that
are exclusive just to the loot crate
boxes and you get them right at your
doorstep we got things like guardians of
the galaxy socks oh um we got a joker
figure from the Batman and oh my god I'm
so excited for the Batman movie Jared
Leto as the Joker huh we got a Tetris
sticker set Captain America sent I think
it says it's vanilla vanilla and a whole
bunch of other stuff you want to keep
one of those boxes and save 10% make
sure to use loot crate calm slash Connor
the deadline is May 19th so you gotta
act quickly just click like the downbar
and then you save your welcome friends
but yeah I am believe that's it I
honestly really do need to go do some
adult thing so yay fun so many adult
things if you haven't yet my book is in
stores across the world so make sure to
go grab that link will be below but
other than that if you enjoyed this
video make sure the big thumbs up then
come below check out my sister's room
bye adult things
done you something came out of it gross
