hey what's up you guys look I'm in a
hotel room also look I'm wearing a
bright color things that well the first
one happens a lot this one never happens
I'm the type of person that wears black
clothing pretty much every day this is a
nice change of pace or a nice change of
clothes never really got that reference
does that even mean okay but this video
is brought to you from Orlando Florida
on my book tour one of the many stops
and now we're gonna cut to Connor
outside Connor what is the weather like
hello Connor today we are brought to you
from the parking lot and it's windy and
humid and the camera is probably out of
focus and I also just found my
microphone that kind of scared me good
times here in Orlando Florida back to
you Connor
yes no yes that very much that but yes
everyone so as you know over the past
well like couple weeks like three or
four weeks I've been doing to err type
things we amplify tour and book tour I
have met thousands of you guys thousands
and thousands of people like hard to
fathom this book tour alone I'm meeting
like around 1200 to 1600 people a city a
night that's a lot of people also that's
a lot of awkward that's a lot of awkward
so sometimes I tend to be very awkward
with people like and I'm not generally a
very awkward person I just like after
meeting a lot of people it just comes
out the awkwardness just kind of seeps
through my being yeah like let me give
you some examples I am the worst with
names and with this tour I meet a lot of
people and they tell me their names and
I go something love it like this hi I'm
Katherine nice to meet you I'm Connor
okay bye
what a nice Katie Kaitlyn Kevin I forget
people's names I swear to God in like
two seconds I don't know what it is but
I am the absolute worst like as soon as
it it's like it goes over my head over
my head within seconds I just don't
remember people's names I think it's
like I have it I'm into where I just
don't know to remembers people the bit
that that think it's just a habit that
I'm in that I just don't know how to
remember people's names
get better at that also what comes with
meeting people is greetings okay so with
the book tour it's pretty obvious that
most of the time I hug people but in
general with life there's those awkward
times where you're like I don't know if
I should shake this person's hand should
I hug them I don't know maybe they hate
people so with girls I'm like they
probably won't freak out if I hug them
so I hug them but with guys it's awkward
like this hand is here in this hand is
there cuz I'm like well if they come in
for the hug I can swoop but if they're
for the handshake I can be like an itch
and shake I don't know and half the time
is fine but other half the times it's
super awkward I have to be like hi I'm a
hugger I'm from Minnesota we hug what we
do there everyone hug literally everyone
think I'm sick I'm so tired
my battery light is already flashing
great another thing that comes with hugs
is when you go in for the hug I never
know where to look so a lot of times
we'll both go to the same side and then
we'll be like almost making out cool
cool love making out with strangers very
unsanitary very illegals yeah if I ever
meet you and we like almost make out I'm
sorry about that
that happens sometimes get it over man
what am I even talking about the light
is fading the light is always fading
stay up shy call someone and see what
happens I'm gonna call someone what I
want to survive on the list
oh quick before I do that another thing
that happens is when I talk to people a
lot of times the conversations don't
make sense I'll be like hey what's your
name and then the person will respond
good and then they'll say what's up and
I'll say hello and just we did the
conversing can be hard sometimes under
stressful situations yep okay let me
call room service is there a
speakerphone option there's not a
speakerphone option there's no
speakerphone option we're screwed let's
pretend I didn't prank call I don't know
um back to Conor with the weather we got
in trouble this time Conor we are on the
move back to you Conor back to you
shit gonna save the show let's do a back
flip okay but yeah I
I don't know what this video
accomplished will I upload this hard to
tell long story short I'm having a
really great time of a book tour not
gonna lie it's been honestly so fun
meeting you guys and sorry that this
video is a little lackluster but it'll
be better next week cause I'll be done
with the book to her things will be
normal again
maybe but if you haven't yet by the book
I wear before every day to come
link okay but really I'm gonna go eat
and sleep and just ding da-ding okay
guys I'm gonna go I love you so much umm
if you enjoyed this video make sure
every big thumbs up leave a compromiser
can we just take a moment this is my
tripod we got that thing we got that
thing that's one thing we got that thing
improvising Connor out bye
