so I'm currently in Australia right now
and for this week's video I decided what
better to do than to try some foreign
candy apparently that's the thing on
YouTube right now let's go do that
so we made it to the candy shop and I
literally I kid you not know any of
these like twirl crunchy
violet crumble what is this a rock
concert I don't know what any of these
are so we're gonna grab a bunch of them
and then I'm gonna go taste them okay
okay let's go so we got the goods and
now I'm gonna go ahead home and taste
these bad boys I literally have no idea
what like 90% of them are and I'm kind
of nervous and excited so I'm not a big
candy guys so so be interesting but um
okay let's go good we're here
okay bye yeah so hey what's up guys as I
was saying this week we will be trying
Australian candy I actually think some
of it may be European but somehow in
Australia I don't really know how that
works but it is but I went to the candy
store I got a bunch of different candies
and I'm going to try them and like I
said earlier I'm not one that tries lots
of candies like recently I kinda just
don't really like candy so this is gonna
be not pleasant
not that enjoyable but let's do it also
you may be wondering why I randomly have
a hat on I thought this would look
better with a hat on and really boring
without it so here we are Connor with a
hat hmm the first candy that we will be
trying today is Turkish Delight okay so
when I think of Turkish Delight I
immediately think of line which in the
wardrobe who remembers shout-out to all
the real MVP that little kid was
obsessed with it so it better be good
let's be real knocking on front you but
kind of you it's literally like a
chocolate-covered gummy bear what the
 it's not bad but not really good
either
what evil person covered chocolate and
this I just spit every by saying it's
Turkish that means from Turkey because
if it is Turkey I'm sorry what are you
doing but hey 60% less fat so got to
keep that health up next one we will try
is picnic
I had an Australian friend pick out all
these because I wanted to be a little
bit of a surprise I think we may have
picnic in America but I'm not quite sure
a unique combination peanuts wait
caramel rice krispies okay it sounds
pretty good can't really mess that up I
really like this one
it's coming up picnic pick neck eye
picnic mmm not picking up next crunchy
let's one exit like 90% of these are
sort of gotta buy Cadbury so the Reiser
doing something right or something wrong
I'll be the judge I feel like already
sick of this and I've only had two bites
of candy just total comfort for now wait
I'm not you you know do you do it's
another sweet covered chocolate thing
what is with you Australians and sweet
covered chocolate things
koan covered milk chocolate oh good I'm
not about that life I'm sorry what a
waste of candy there's just little candy
bars with bytes up I can't
Dairy Milk milk chocolate with a frog on
it Dairy Milk I will not live you've
never had it is the best chocolate like
sorry Hershey's but Dairy Milk is coming
through because they are so delicious
let's take a little bite of this frogs
head yep
yeah that's a good chair I do not know
what freddo
is but bread Oh tastes really oh it's
true next cherry right okay I'm afraid
of this one again because it seems like
it's going to be fruit covered chocolate
and I've only got to assume so here we
go meme wait a minute
why did coconut it's red coconut what
the hell that's not natural red dye
number 5 it kind of tastes like a um a
mounds are in awe was that almond almond
joy the big cherry taste you are a liar
ripe juicy cherries you are literally a
liar it does not taste it's coconut this
one's in my favorite so far cuz it just
tastes like a mound car okay oh wait
besides the picnic I remembered the
picnic I liked the picnic very young
very good next and I see this one a lot
of places is the arrow bar we do not
have these in America I mean we don't
have any of these but like I see these
specifically any time I go to a new
country they always have Aero bars and
we don't have that I know it looks weird
cuz it's got weave bubbles coming out of
it and looks like something like some
sort sort of drug I don't know drug so
I'm just assuming this is what drugs is
reading bubbles but I guess here goes
and nothing it's very light very Airy
give it a try give it a swing no it
smells minty already yep
don't you feel the bubbles I feel the
bubbles
it's just mint chocolate not bad not
particularly good but not bad next I've
had this one before and I like this one
Mars bars
a lot of people are really shocked to
find out that Americans do not really
have Mars bars I may have some places
but it's not like a general candy that
people have in America so forget what's
in it but I know I like it soft you get
creamy caramel Africa dink I think candy
is secretly like like weird sexual
advertising soft nougat mmm all about
that soft nougat mm-hmm I'm joking
hmm now I'm crying I'm pretty sure Mars
bars are literally the same as milky
way's in America because they taste
pretty much em look pretty much the
exact same no damn good though okay we
have one more candy bar then we have our
two special surprises laughs candy bar
boost I need a boost of something and
it's not candy I need to go like eat a
plant outside or something like if
there's a garden nearby I need to go
consume it okay so this one has smooth
chocolate with it looks like a poop
again water phone Rivera Julia oh my
gosh
what am I had talked on my teeth this
entire time like what I'm going on in
here the recorders are crazy
what is it smooth chocolate a biscuit
caramel that's just too much and
something in the center it looks like
there's a tootsie roll in the center
yeah well pretty good
I give that one that's a good one too
we've had a half crap and half good
Turkish Delight lot the cherry ripe and
then the crunchy thing but now what we
need to try because I am an Australia
very specific to this land the land of
the kangaroos we need to try Tim town
and I will say while I was over here I
got so many symptoms from viewers
everything I only had to try it like one
or two but monitor came up because I
ruined cream trouble we crave groove
although yep really good I will say
America doesn't really have any cookies
like this this is chocolate cutter
cookies with cream fudge enos in the
middle hmm very good very um very Tim
town what's hard about being in
Australia is that I don't know how many
calories I'm consuming I shouldn't be
concerned because it I really I mean I
should be very concerned but I literally
can't talk because they measure
everything in kilojoules and I'm over my
head completely over my head this is
melting in my fingers I'm making a mess
okay at last but surely not least but
kind of least I mean it's the least I'm
going to try some a night the sounds of
me prepping to vomit veggie whoa
Vegemite is this weird spread they have
in Australia if you do not know and it
looks I will say it looks like chocolate
it looks YUM it looks like it would be
good and from anyone else's perspective
it looks like a big up but it's not that
it's not good it's it smells like cat
food and it's really salty and I'm not
excited but for you guys I'll take like
I'm just gonna take a little bit on my
finger a little bit I don't wanna do
this but here we go oh my god you that
is so much grosser than I remember it
being oh um it's like salty sour spray
you spray on a pan to make it not stick
Oh give me a Tim Tam I'm like shaking
you brilliant you not even the Hat can
help that one that is by far enough I
destroyed this room I destroyed my
health we're done we're done we're done
here
okay but um I hope you guys enjoyed that
quick little video I think there's
nothing better to do while I was down
under than to just try some of their
things their candy their food their if I
had a kangaroo how would he did I'm
gonna say it wasn't the most enjoyable
thing but you know life goes on
if you did enjoy me eating all this
random crap make sure the big thumbs up
and if you want to see me try more crap
from other countries then also give it a
thumbs up and leave a comment below
telling me where and what and all that
info but that's basically it so um if
you did enjoy the video make sure the
big dose I believe accomplishments of
you I feel gross by
