hi I'm so annoyed I got my nails done
the other day I can't even believe that
that is the sentence I just said I got
my nails done yesterday I think I'm done
in matte black actually it's like a
matte dark grey because I want to be
different from that I always have when I
get my nails done or when I do my nails
myself is that I'm so damn impatient I'm
like it's been five minutes the paint's
obviously dry like I got them done
yesterday and this one got messed up
within 10 minutes and then the other
ones are a little bit like this pinkies
messed up but yeah hi guys how's it
going
haven't seen you in now like two weeks
sometimes I go through phases where I
have video ideas but I just can't get
myself to film them and I don't know why
I definitely go through like ups and
downs with YouTube very specifically
YouTube not even just work and
creativity or any of the many things
that I do but it's some reason it's
always YouTube videos and I don't know
why I think it's because that I take
them pretty seriously and it's not just
as simple as like sitting down for 30
minutes and recording a video and then
it's done it takes a lot of thought and
planning and then you've to film it then
you have to edit it and then you have to
do a whole lot of other things so yeah
sometimes it just gets a little bit
daunting so that's why I'm sitting here
my oh I lost my heart's so that's why
I'm doing this on my webcam because not
only does it provide great aesthetics
but also it's easy and convenient yeah
what's really interesting is that if I'm
being honest I've been so good lately
like life has been just so good to me
lately for no particular reason I mean I
guess it's probably a collection of
reasons but there's no like one thing
that's changed in my life that makes it
better than it was before yeah I don't
know but between like my mental health
and my relationships with friends and
family the things I get to do for work
all those have just been so collectively
good I don't know I've made so many new
friends recently and I get so excited to
see them all I just spent a week in
London just because I was visiting my
friends I go on like these hour long
walks and I talked to my sister and I
talked to my brother and my parents my
other little brothers in Africa so he's
a little bit harder to reach he's being
a little angel he's in the Peace Corps
at the moment and then I've been able to
do so many cool things with photography
and
and design and like that's truly where
my passions lie and I found myself
writing a lot recently - not that I'm
committing to another book but I've just
been writing for I guess cathartic
reasons see I don't know everything's
just been so good but then it makes me
remember that I have a YouTube channel
and I need to upload and I don't know I
just like it's so weird cuz there's so
many different aspects of one's life
that need to be fulfilled and need to be
done well and there just feels like
there's always one that I'm slacking on
or that something is lacking in at the
moment it's this YouTube channel so
sorry yes I am put socks on because I
had bare feet for a moment and I
realized that that like looked weird
when I was like dangling my feet in the
background
they put socks on just for this video
sorry - anybody who has a foot fetish
maybe maybe the socks are still your
thing for you oh the other thing I've
been doing lately is I just started
taking personal training classes and
specifically my trainer likes to do
boxing and yoga I'm just remembering it
because my arms are quite literally
shaking right now from just holding
myself up so I've been doing boxing and
yoga and it's been so fun but so
difficult and so masculine let me just
say let me just say with my fingernails
painted going oh it's been so masculine
um I I'm like carrying weights around
the park and punching things it's really
bringing out past Conor that used to be
so competitive with all my athletics and
everything that it's really reminding me
of my past in kind of the best ways I
remembering what it's like to to really
push myself and to be competitive and
have goals in mind and everything like
that and revolving around I guess
atletic Szalai k-- my physical
appearance and everything it's just yeah
it's just really cool it's really nice
to not be necessarily super good at
something and have the goal to work
towards being better at it and hopefully
just feel great about my body as well
that would be great body image sucks
body image sucks overall when I was
thinking about just pulling out my
laptop I kept thinking about how how
comfortable I am in life at the moment
I'm very satisfied in many realms of my
life I feel very comfortable in Los
Angeles I feel comfortable with the
person that I am right now and the
person that I guess I'm still trying to
be yeah I'm just like in a state of kind
of ease at the moment which of course me
being me anytime things are really good
in my life
things are really positive and happy and
going well my mind is so fucked up it
always jumps ahead and thinks when are
things going to be bad again or when is
something gonna go wrong or not the way
that I hoped or planned for it to go my
mind always does that when things are at
their best it like starts expecting for
the worst so weird I always have to
remind myself that a that's horrible
thinking you should always be just
thinking so far ahead that you're not
enjoying the good times and waiting for
like the inevitable bad times there's
really no B C or Q to that it's just I
need to remind myself that sometimes
I've gotten really good at it though I
used to be so bad at it so that's really
cool to see that progression as well but
yeah I'm super comfortable and knowing
that I'm super comfortable makes me want
to make changes because I don't like to
be comfortable that probably completely
contradicts like somebody I'm getting so
sore ah I'm tired lean like this without
putting stress I think I'm gonna have to
use my core I just filmed it what was I
saying was it's talking about being
comfortable while not being comfortable
yeah I don't know I realized that I was
very comfortable about a week ago or
like a couple weeks ago so hence why I
added in things like boxing to my life
to just stir the pot a little bit
yeah great the blankie I was disgusting
this whole house is disgusting
that's the one thing I've been bad at I
haven't cleaned in a long time I don't
know if I'm gonna upload this I just
felt like chatting a little bit it
always seems so much easier to just open
my laptop and talk directly to it versus
sending up a nice camera making sure the
lighting is good putting on just a light
full face of makeup
perhaps a wedding gown just to be subtle
this just seems easier and more natural
because I had no idea what I was going
to talk about and yet here I am talking
for 13 minutes and 13 seconds
these nails the nails do look good I
will with Matt for the first time boo
they kind of look green in this lighting
maybe it's the Matt very pretty okay how
are you guys how's your life going what
do you feel anxious about what do you
feel comfortable doing or how do you
feel like you're progressing as human
beings let me know in the comments down
below I'd love to chat about it also
what do you want to see more from me on
this YouTube channel me automatically
thinking I don't know if I'll do any of
the things you suggest because I've
gotten good at creating things that I
want to create but I would also love to
know that what have you guys enjoyed
from me lately because my content has
changed so much over the last year and
two years were not even going to go to
what it was like four years ago complete
180 since then so what do you enjoy for
me or do you just want me to delete it
all and leave
there's my uber gotta go also lets the
me being this lazy also for anyone that
is curious as this video goes up there
are only a couple hours left to grab any
of those products hey you can just see
them mark my name damn it so if you want
to grab any of these you go over to
common culture Co all the profits from
those products go directly to glisten
and let me just say I'm very proud of
you guys we've raised thousands of
dollars for glisten this year and I'm so
proud of you guys that's all going to
help LGBT youth the category of people
that forever need a lot of support
especially in today's world and economy
so yeah thanks for all the support on
that the only plug that's the only plug
I'll get follow me on Instagram okay I
love you guys still don't know if this
is going up okay
hello guys I'll see you later if you
need me to clean something
