hey what's up guys hmm weather nice
table so this week like most weeks I was
just browsing the Internet I was just
searching random things on YouTube
trying to find some video ideas and I
can't remember but I came across some
ones tagged with like a million freaking
questions in the description and it gave
me this idea and I do not know if this
is already a thing but if it isn't I'm
gonna make it a thing this is the fat
type of person tag I think this is
already a thing like I'm definitely sure
this is already a thing but regardless
I've compiled around 35 different
questions that are going to show you
guys what type of person I am
neat it's just like a lot of simple
questions that nobody really tends to
ask people but I can really tell you
what type of person that person is blah
blah okay I think you get it so here we
go breakfast lunch or dinner
breakfast after you eat your bowl of
cereal do you drink the milk yo when you
drive do you listen to CDs the radio or
your phone my phone nine times out of
ten I'm always listening to Spotify are
you a window person or an aisle person
it depends is it shorter flights I'm
definitely a window person cause I love
the view but if it's a long flight I am
an aisle person because I have to pee a
lot fold or crumple crumple who would
sign a bowl shampoo the body wash body
wash then shampoo shampoo then body wash
yeah are you typically stressed or
relaxed stressed usually stress patient
or impatient definitely impatient do you
like to have a schedule or any more go
with the flow schedule do you have a
sound like a person you definitely don't
hang out with and you were a kid what
did you want to be when you grow up I
always wanted to be a doctor and I think
that's because my dad is a doctor
prankster or not not I cannot bring
people because once I do it I feel so
bad dressed
or dress down somewhere in the middle I
like both favorite article of clothing
sweaters if you can play an instrument
what would you play well aside from the
fact that I'm musically declined if I
could I would love to play the car like
a be so fun east coast or west coast
west coast I think I'm cool but this
looks nothing like a WRC West Coast
London or la la for living because the
weather's really nice but London for
visiting because the UK is just great
for sightseeing favourite holiday
Christmas and love Christmas how big is
your bed Queen do you sleep with the
doors open or closed hello is I have to
sleep with all my doors closed otherwise
I get super paranoid and freaked out in
the middle of the night do you sleep
with your sheets
tucked in or out the thought of sleeping
with your sheets tucked in is really
nice but I'm Way too lazy and everything
just kind of goes everywhere have you
ever stolen anything I mean like a piece
of candy when I was younger but not
really I'm a good kid I am a good person
tattoos or piercings neither my body is
clean do you smile in every photo yeah
pretty much either that or I smirk like
this have you ever peed in the woods I
have shit in the woods literally
multiple times concert or theme park
difficult but I'm going to say concert
music or books not difficult music
unless it's my book animated or reality
guilty-pleasure reality letter or email
send emails receive letters what was
your first concert it's embarrassing but
I literally think it was 303 a moment of
silence for that do you want a record
player Yap that puppy's right over there
you speak any different languages si
hablo espanol oomba gay oh sweet or
savory savory 100% I love solving things
can you curl your tongue mm-hmm can you
touch the tip of your tongue to your
nose mmm can you whistle have you ever
won a spelling bee
I highly doubt it I remember one
spelling bee I got out by spelling queen
qwe en it's my life do you believe in
ghosts skin kinda not really do you
believe in aliens a little more kind of
a little not really okay you guys that's
it so I hope that by these answers you
learned a little bit more about me and
the type of person that I am if you'd a
cool if you did it try again next week
so if this is in fact a tag video I
tagged every single one of you answer
these questions maybe even in the
comments below because I want to learn a
little more about you guys sidenote
again I did in fact write a book and if
you would like to purchase that book go
to work in progress by Connor comm but
yeah that's actually it so um if you did
enjoy this video make sure to big thumbs
up leave a comment
very warm in my apartment right now I
need air conditioning hi
