hello so I like many people tend to get
distracted quite easily you see my
attention span is very very small and if
whatever is happening right in front of
me doesn't keep it it'll be lost and
turn to whatever is happening around me
instead like oh see over there that's a
nice bookshelf it's also something I
never thought I'd hear myself say but
really wow look at all those random
things let's see there a clock
Polaroid camera some records look at
those decorative bottles random books
golden wire cubes a stick an hourglass
that's strange
crystals and looks like a whole lot of
other stuff huh it's all pretty neat but
wait all the stuff didn't just magically
appear here it didn't all just pop out
of thin air for each and every one of
these things a real live person had to
think it up then find the parts
manufacture it ship it sell it and much
much more
just to make that one thing and somehow
it ended up here in my apartment that is
crazy huh let's see where's this clock
from whoa China this thing was literally
in China at one point I've never even
been to China before I wonder who made
it I wonder what his or her name is I
wonder what their life is like what
about that rock is it really a rock is
that a dumb question made in Brazil are
you kidding me Brazil a rock and I plant
Vietnam god this bookshelf is more
worldly than I am all the stuff has come
from distant lands just to sit here and
do nothing
Jesus okay okay what about that book
looks old why do I even have this what's
that even about who's it written by
Nicola Lindsay that is so weird
my sister's name is Nicola and I've like
never seen anyone else with that name
before
it's in this book that I didn't even
know I had okay and that one
oh my god it's long I wonder where the
tree was grown to produce this paper
like there's no such thing as a paper
tree I mean there is but that's just a
tree tree wait like how was paper even
made how do you even make ink to write
on paper who do you hire that as a
company that puts ink on paper and then
makes that inked paper into a book
what the heck who even does all that oh
my god it's incredible to think that all
these man-made objects have a story
each just started with an idea and then
one day they became a thing just like
the concrete that makes up the streets
the metal that makes up your car heck
even the potted plants on your front
porch next time you're out and about
give this a try for yourself pick an
object and just question it simple as
that now during this video did I manage
to grab your attention did you get a
little distracted
