hey what's up you guys music burn burn
burn me promotes lighting things on fire
already video im so hard core that I had
several liners to light my candles
candle squad or die
okay you guys so this week I have been
listening to a lot of music I mean I
usually listen to a lot of music but
this week in particular lots of music
and I listen to every different kind of
music I just a really popular music
really underground music rap I listen to
not country pop hip hop all that and
throwing it back to like two years ago
and a year ago I've done a couple videos
where I analyze popular song lyrics and
I thought eh I haven't done this in a
while let's see if songs are still
stupid so the help of my trusty laptop I
literally almost threw that into a wall
I will be pulling up popular songs and
looking up their lyrics and telling you
what those songs you listen to everyday
really mean let's do this shall we
my back is gonna hurt very quickly in
this video okay we're gonna do this on
the iTunes up one hundred the number one
song in the world right now is uptown
funk up tone funk oh my god the number
one song in the world right now is
uptown funk by Mark Ronson featuring
Bruno Mars fun fact I thought the song
was by Bruno Mars for the longest time
but by Mark Ronson was a create human so
let's look it up let's see if the song
is actually as good as it sounds Oh
funk you up uptown funk you up it's
funny because it's like they're saying
lyrics
here we go this hit that ice cold
michelle pfeiffer that white gold this
one for them hood girls them good girls
straight masterpieces so the song is for
the hood girls and the good girls and
they're all beautiful they're
masterpieces stylin while living it up
in the city
they got chucks on the Saint Laurent
gotta kiss myself I'm so pretty so
they're mixing something that is kind of
lower class with upper class in a city
and they're wearing it and they are very
self-absorbed and want to kiss
themselves literally me when I have a
good hug behind I'm too hot hot damn
called a police and a fireman I'm too
hot hot damn make a dragon wanna retire
man I'm too hot hot damn okay we get it
you're too hot say my name You Know Who
I am You Know Who I am I'm too hot hot
damn am i bad bout that money break it
down if I could man the basically he's
walking on the street thinking he's a
hot piece of he's like I'm too hot
called the police call the fireman
because I'm too hot girls hit your
hallelujah oh they say that a bunch of
times
uptown funk don't give it to you I said
that a bunch of times Saturday night we
in the spot don't believe me just watch
come on then and they say that many
times to course is very competitive the
whole girls hit your hallelujah part by
the way is like pretty sexual and then
the whole uptown funk gonna give it to
you not a sexual tube stop wait a minute
fill my cup or something okay this is
just basically I think literally just
describing uptown funk I guess your
scribing how good he looks like the
swagger he's got and yeah okay moving on
I'm dumb next song love me like you do
by ellie goulding
for Fifty Shades of Grey this song is
another really good sometimes I'm
surprised that like iTunes has really
good songs right now because normally I
don't mean like Ellie Goulding has a
very interesting voice I love it but
it's interesting about the night you're
the light you're the night you're the
color of my blood oh my god serial
killer this just in Ellie Goulding is
serial killer you're the Cure you're the
pain you're the only thing I want to
touch that's pretty cute like you're the
best and you're the worst but I love you
just the same never knew that it could
mean so much you're the fear i don't
care cause i've never been so high so
she's like afraid to love this person
but she doesn't care because she's never
felt like this before
this is slightly like when i'm reading
it it's very disney song I've never
loved you like this before
follow me to the dark let me take me
past our satellites so like I want to go
to the beyond with you now its Pixar Toy
Story you can see the world you brought
to life so love me like you do love me
like you do love me like you do love me
like you do touch me like you do touch
me like you do what are you waiting for
she needs love me like you do not Anna
me like you do give her some attention
she's one blow fading in fading out on
our edge of paradise every inch of your
skin is the holy grail I've gotta find
okay now we're getting real sexual she's
like exploring his body things I never
thought I would say on camera only you
can set my heart on fire
so yes love me like you do obviously is
about love and a relationship and also
it's about fifty Shades of Grey so I
don't know if I I don't know if I can
known that I'm not about that
be careful aunt Lee cuz some both first
two a really good song oh my god now
it's Ed Sheeran is the next one we know
this is gonna be good thinking out loud
by Ed Sheeran is the next most popular
song in the iTunes top 100 first song
really catchy second song really sexual
now we got a cheering I love the song I
gained love this song thinking out loud
your looks don't work like they used to
before and I can't sweep you off your
feet will your mouth still remember the
taste of my
with your eyes so smile from your cheeks
he's talking about two people growing
all together all that's cute when you
don't look the same and if you won't go
to pick you up and sweep you off your
feet
almost that's adorable and cheering cap
Q points and my darling I will be loving
you til were 70 and baby my heart could
still fall as hard as 23 oh so cute he's
still gonna be loving her just like from
the first day that I met and I was
thinking about how people fall in love
in mysterious ways maybe just a touch of
a hand o me I fall in love with you
every single day I just want to tell you
I am oh so honey now take me into your
loving arms kiss me under the light of a
thousand stars place your hand on my
beating heart I'm thinking out loud I
don't want to analyze the lyrics we all
know they're cute maybe we found love
right where we are my hairs all gone in
my memory fades and the crowds don't
remember my name when my hands don't
play the strings the same way mmm I know
you will still love me just the same
because your soul could never grow old
its evergreen that is my favorite song
lyric by the way I love love love that
line your parents will change but you'll
still be like that same person deep down
okay it's you're too cute I'm gonna cry
next top song is sugar by Maroon five
this one although I love maroon 5 could
be interesting it's known to have them
in some type of lyrics sugar I'm hurting
baby I'm broken down I need your lovin I
need it now we just talked about how
funny it is that like 99% of songs are
about love like do we have nothing else
to talk about I get it like love is
really important you guys know I love
love but I mean it's a broken record by
people we can't want to talk about one
thing so much when I'm without you I'm
something weak you got me begging
begging on my knees I don't want to be
needing your love I just wanna be deep
in your love
so that point I think he doesn't want to
be attached to a person but he just
wants to be in love with
I don't want to need your love but I
want to be deep in it okay just want to
be dependent which is never good people
want to wear the guys would be dependent
upon another person for anything the
more you know and it's killing me when
you're away ooh baby ooh baby because I
really don't care where you are I just
want to be where you are and I gotta get
one little kiss should Adam Levine tie
notes kill me I mean sugar could be
referring to many things but I'm
assuming it's just you let's get a taste
of that human like her sugar won't you
come and put it down on me oh I'm
right here cause I need little love and
little sympathy yeah you show me your
lovin Oh yep they're having sex okay
make it alright I need a little
sweetness in my life your sugar yes
please won't you come put it down on me
yikes I want to be PG people either way
this was long as Iraqi want someone's
loving he wants to shook her whether
that be their presence or their body to
expand you're not no okay I'm done with
this song to it I okay and the last one
I shall analyze is for five seconds by
rihanna kanye and paul mccartney which
is a great song my favorite part about
the song is the fact that rihanna kanye
and paul mccartney all have such
different styles of music and from
different generation and they came
together to create this whole new type
of sound jela I love it I love it all
haha okay for five seconds I think I've
had enough I might get a little drunk I
say what's on my mind
might do a little time because all my
kindness is taken for weakness
I think she's drinking away what she's
really thinking so I think she wants to
say something and she said it and she's
fed up with saying it whatever that may
be and now she's drinking away the pain
now i'm fourfiveseconds from wildin i
got three more days til friday trying to
make it back home by Monday mornin I
swear I wish somebody would tell me ooh
that's all I want I really can't tell
what this one's about I wonder if it
means she's drinking and she's got three
more days til Friday is she just like
trying to get through the week like is
she living it day by day I get through
the week sounds kinda depressing me and
her goal is just to make it back home by
Monday and she wished she would tell her
I wonder she wants to find love and
she's sick of like going through the
process we'll figure it out okay keep
going
Kanye West woke up an optimist Sun was
shining I positive then I heard you
would talk and trash hold me back mama
to spy ants I don't know I just went
miranda sings on that we woke up to a
great day and then he heard it's almost
talking and now he's mad now it
goes back to that same chorus about
drinking blah blah it's such an
up-and-down song and now I know that
you're up tonight thinkin how could I be
so selfish what you call about a
thousand times wondering where I've been
oh I wonder if Rihanna in the song left
Kanye and now they're like in some weird
fight and like toss in the relationship
now I know that you're up tonight
thinking about how I can be so reckless
but I just can't apologize I hope you
understand yeah I think it's just like
about ups and downs and relationships
actually very interesting another song
about love I'm saying from a lot okay
this is really confusing I think they're
just like flashing back and forth and
they like one
loved by each other and they want to be
the only person in their lives but
they're like are having differences I
don't know okay that one's also really
complicated of this video set since I've
done this like once every year for the
past couple years I will say this is the
most intelligent round that I've gone
through the top five songs out there
right now are actually pretty freakin
decent and they're all really different
which kind of speaks for like our
musical tastes as a society right now
that's really good and that's really
interesting to hear but yeah those songs
were all really good then I don't really
think many of them had shitty lyrics
thumbs up Society but yeah so uh that's
it
I hope you guys enjoyed my little
commentary on those lyrics and I hope
you learned a little bit about some of
your favorite songs and now I am curious
hey if you did not know what those songs
meant and now you do leave them in the
comments below also analyze one of your
favorite songs right now and tell me
what it really means in the comments
below
guys I'm guessing it's probably pretty
different than what you think but yeah
that's about it if you haven't yet make
sure you over here to my book it comes
on sale in just a couple weeks and it's
really exciting if you want to get it
before anyone else just go to a
work-in-progress by Connor comm and
pre-order your copy I worked for over a
year on that so it mean so much me okay
and that's about it so if you enjoyed
this video make sure the big thumbs up
leave a couple of check out my social
sites click Subscribe
love me like you do all of
