hey what's up you guys oh yeah oh yeah
I'll make my collar align I really hate
when I want your shirt under a shirt and
the collars I'm like perfectly
symmetrical one of those things hello so
today I brought to you from a completely
different angle we swim top bow we're
getting a new view of my apartment but
yes everyone is in fact that time of the
month where I already turned your
questions into answers like we're taking
babies here okay before this turns into
an episode of dr. Phil let's begin are
you a light sleeper or a heavy sleeper
light as I seriously wake up at like the
drop of a page I don't know what it is
but I seriously I can wake up like that
how do you like your eggs okay this is a
very personal question and it depends
upon the day so I either like them
scrambled or overeasy cuz there's just
some days where you want that extra yolk
to dip your bread and it's very yummy
but then there's some days well that's
just really really big and gross and I
don't want that I want it scrambled on a
scale of 1 to yas how much do you want
one of my extra coconuts first of all
hey Jenna second yes I want one yeah
beauty guru for a minute and show us
your OTP okay okay so here we have a
long-sleeve thermal type thing below we
have a black t-shirt here we have black
jeans oh oh TD that is on the
thumbnail I do not know what is what
would your name be if you were a girl
honey for any of course duh flip to a
random page of your book and read a
sentence from it please oh how
convenient I may or may not have a
galley copy which is like a fake copy
right here of my book which I got this
week okay an anxious boy and his plastic
crown a chapter by me autumn is coming
to an end
so the air has a slight show that
doesn't help my already clammy
appearance you know pre art at a work in
progress by Connor comm would you rather
go to the past or the future um are you
kidding me the future the past is so old
news would you rather have a
photographic memory or be able to forget
anything you wanted um photographic
memory that would be so cool to be
able to remember
every single thing in graphic detail
like it's like you have like a permanent
what's a scrapbook in your head that
you're just like mmm remember that day
on 24th 1992 I wasn't even born then but
you get the point
what is your audible recommendation for
this month if you guys do not know every
single month I recommend a beautiful
book from audible.com optimal is the
leading provider of audiobooks with over
150,000 different audiobooks you can
choose from and the one I am
recommending this month is yes please by
Amy Poehler Amy Poehler is hilarious and
her book also is like really beautifully
done between her writing style and
Ellen's writing style that kind of
inspired how I wrote my book like funny
but also knows how to give you some good
information so if you want to download
that book all you have to do is go over
to audible.com slash Connor and you get
one free book if you sign up it's super
super easy and I highly recommend it
it's super great for trip so if you're
in like a long car ride or a plane ride
but yeah all you have to do is click the
link below go to audible.com slash
Connor and download your one free book
read a book what a fly is flying around
your apartment do you leave it there or
kill it okay usually I would kill it but
storytime I was over at a friend's house
and while he was sitting on his couch a
spider started creeping up by him like
literally from the movie I was like
and he was like boo and I was like good
so I scream like a little girl he ran
out of the room actually managed to pick
the pillow up set it outside watch the
spider crawl off we let it live we gave
that spider life maybe we're being too
hard on spiders maybe they don't mean
any harm even though their creepiest fob
normally I would kill it if you had
three wishes what would you wish for
right now won't be for a nice way latte
the other would be for a muffin and the
third would be for more wishes create a
poem for us on the spot oh I
literally did not prepare for this night
in front of me there is a light it is
shining so so bright will we walk into
the night will we get a fright no none
of that is in sight because we have said
light beam how did you come up with the
name for your book honestly it's really
simple so I'm writing a memoir at age 22
and that's kind of unheard of because
basically a memoir is looking back on
your life and recounting your events and
telling advice to your readers but being
only 22 years old I have a lot of my
life left to live
hence my life is just a work in progress
I love this book and I'm super proud of
it but I have so much left to learn and
so
much left to see and I love that are you
enjoying using snapchat yes I like
snapchat okay you can stop the
harassment
what is with me today I really really do
like snapchat I like the fact that I can
just like not care I'm gonna post
something I can just take a picture of a
lamp and just post it and it's gone in
24 hours or I can spend like a half hour
doodling on like a picture of a wall and
post it and no one really gives a
my snapchat is the iconic brand to
follow me are you more attracted to
fruit or vegetables upon first glance
that peach looks an awful lot like a
butt
I like butts so I'm gonna have to go
with fruit yeah okay that's it so I hope
you guys enjoyed this week's video if
you did make sure to show it some love
in the comments and thumbs up buttons
below and again I'm gonna do a little
self promo
I wrote a freaking bug and it's up for
free so right now so i really suggest
you go order it there's some websites
that's only like ten bucks on so it's
really really affordable also I'm going
on a book tour so if you are in any of
these cities click the link below and
make sure to go RSVP to the Facebook
page it'd be really really helpful to
know how many of you are coming and also
you can like chat on the Facebook page
to everyone else that's coming but yeah
that's pretty much it so I hope you guys
having a good week if you enjoyed this
video make sure to pick tums up they
would comp below click Subscribe bye
that noise I just made
