hey what's up you guys I feel like I'm
in a white box a cup I mean I am I'm in
literally a white box that point but
okay so a couple weeks ago I was tagged
by my friend Troye Sivan to do the emoji
tag basically what the emoji tag is is
that you pick five emojis that best
describe you and you just talk about
them they're YouTube but I also see this
is very interesting because emojis are
something that everyone in this
generation uses so to pick just five
that describe you is actually kind of
difficult and it's not as easy as you
would think but I tend to overthink
things so maybe it's just me but
regardless here we go let's start off I
picked this smiley emoji I think this
smiley on all the other ones describes
me the most because it looks the most
like content but kind of shy and kind of
bashful I could share my thoughts and
opinions and feelings with people and I
kind of get a little shy about it
sometimes and like my cheeks will get
rosy and I'll just be like and in
general I'm just an open person I think
is easy to talk to
next the coffee cup emoji I know I'm
stating the obvious here but I love
coffee now that we got that aside I also
just really like the process of coffee
so I love to wake up early in the
morning make a cup of coffee sit down
gather my thoughts and get ready for the
day ahead I feel like the process of
making coffee is very therapeutic to me
and also the process of drinking it not
necessary for like the caffeine just
gets me ready for it the day so yeah and
of course again it tastes really good
the Evergreen emoji okay aside from the
fact that it's a tree I really like the
outdoor cell phone box I love gone hikes
when it is a nice day like it is today I
just can't help but want to be outside
and do anything that involves the
outdoors smells really good I feel like
everyone's happy when it's a nice day
and I really like taking pictures of
nature see it's more than a tree the
thought-bubble emoji I am a deep thinker
it's one of my favorite things about me
I think things through I listen to
people and I'm really creative every
single thing I create starts right up
here with just one thought and I love
that finally the outdoor camping emoji
okay before I begin I don't necessarily
like to camp this emoji reminds me of
home I love my family and I love
Minnesota and this just encompasses that
to me there's a beautiful nighttime sky
in it which you've ever been to
Minnesota you can literally see every
single star in the sky I mean it looks
like it's a bit chilly in Minnesota is
of course chilly and again I gotta
remind you my family and how much I miss
them and how much I love them and just
in general like my childhood it's
parents tell trick to me so yeah those
were five emojis that describe me best I
honestly had to like think really hard
about this one because I was like I
don't know have anything just five but
yeah I came up with these and I really
liked them so again this is a tag video
so I need to tag some people I'm going
to tag Alexa Losey mikey murphy collie
Ballinger and then should Scott from
superfruit and of course all of you guys
if any of you make this video make sure
to tweet it to me and let me know cuz I
want to see it okay aside from all that
this video definitely reminded me of my
book which I announced last week if you
didn't see that video I wrote a book and
it's coming out in stores on April 21st
and it's a memoir so it's kind of like
this I analyzed my life and I tell funny
stories and you learn a lot more about
me so if you have yet please go to Orca
progress by Connor comm and pre-order
your book also another side note if you
happen to be in New York City right now
I may or may not be there right now and
I may or may not be having
meet-and-greet today it's a quick link
below for that but yeah that's kind of
all I got for you guys so if you enjoyed
this video make sure be big thumbs up
leave a comment below check out mr.
Schmidt says this attraction
I hit the window when I did I was like
whew outside
