you know I've never been one that has
been good at keeping secrets and
especially with this whole YouTube thing
in social media thing where I'm
constantly telling you guys information
on a daily basis it's a lot harder to
keep something secret and private but
over the past year I've somehow managed
to do that
but today I'm very excited to share what
I've been keeping from you guys over the
past year I wrote a book you literally
have no idea how we're leaving it is to
finally be able to tell you guys about
this thing look at this look I wrote a
book I wrote a book I wrote about me I
wrote a book this is mine
oh my god I don't even I don't even know
what to do with it it's over the past
year along with doing everything that
I've been doing I've been writing this
book I'm gonna Pat myself on the back
because that is a big secret I gotta
tell you I've been writing this book
anywhere from in my kitchen to on an
airplane book it's freakin worldly and
basically I kept this a secret because I
don't like sharing things with you guys
until they're actually things and now
that this is actually a thing and it's
done and it's being printed I'm gonna
tell you about it I don't even know what
am I doing with my head my adrenaline is
pumping why did I choose to wear a nice
shirt my book is called a work in
progress and it is a memoir so basically
in this book I reflect on my life from
beginning to end and tell you everything
about it I do a couple lighter topics
like my childhood my upbringing my
family stories from school dropping out
of school and moving to Los Angeles and
then I go a little bit deeper and talk
about some more serious things like body
image depression sexuality and
essentially the overall just up-and-down
journey of finding myself and accepting
that person it's funny it's uplifting I
give lots of advice
and I'm hoping that this will be more
than just a book about me but it's gonna
be a book that helps you find you if
you're having a tough
with say your body image you can pick up
my book read the chapter on body image
and hopefully get something out of it
and feel a little better oh and did I
mention that the book also has like a
hundred photos of mine in it
No forgot that kind of my favorite part
of the book yes so throughout this
beautiful book there is photographs of
me and my childhood photos cantu taken
lee of me but mostly photos that I've
taken along my life journey so any of
you that like my photography or just
like beautiful photos this book has so
much about oh and it also has a lot of
embarrassing newspaper clippings and
like childhood drawings and writings and
all that so there's just something in
there for everyone I literally love you
look how pretty it is this is a mock-up
so there's nothing there but it's all
pretty pretty pretty oh there I am IV
and I'm very excited to announce that my
book is already up for pre-order and
actually comes out April 21st it'll be
in stores on April 21st crazy I'm gonna
literally throw up the next time I go
into a Barnes & Noble and see my book I
will mark my words they'll be vomit on
the floor if I walk through an airport
and I see my book in a bookstore I will
blow chunks in the airport I have no
shame also for any of you that want to
meet me I'm going on a book tour my book
tour starts as soon as the book is out
so April 21st I'm heading over to my
home states and going to the Mall of
America which I'm so so excited for and
then I'll also be heading across the
United States to about five or six other
places and along the way basically what
you'll get to do is you get to come to
the book store you'll get a signed copy
of the book you'll meet me and take a
photo with me
we will hug embrace and danced into the
moonlight one more time you can never
have enough sleep oh another quick to
our side now I'm going to Australia at
the beginning of April for the amplifi
tour and my book kind of sort of may
have something to do with that just
maybe a little bit we're going to four
cities in Australia and if you happen to
be in any of them my book may be coming
out in your country early just because
I'm gonna be there you're welcome so if
you come to the amplify tour and meet me
and a bunch of other youtubers or see
our awesome show that we're putting on
my book maybe they're two that along
with a million other links will be in
the downbar below
I guess I'm so excited about this book
and if you want any information on it go
over to a work-in-progress by Connor
comm right here link will be below and
everything you need to know is there
anything for more info on the book tour
dates exclusive
tent prizes for anyone that pre-orders
all that will be at that website the
prizes part is actually really fun if
you preorder the book make sure to save
your order number because you could be
winning things like Skype calls or video
messages or just personalized things
from me just by pre-ordering also when
you preorder tweet the hashtag connor
franta book and i'm gonna be following
and DMing and just generally interacting
with anyone and everyone that tweets
that hashtag so go pre-order it and let
me know because I worked for a whole
year on this book and I'm so excited for
you guys to read it and just see it
because it's super beautiful on the
outside and on the inside like picture
my Tumblr and Instagram had a baby and
that's what this book looks like I am by
far the most proud of this over anything
else I've created but yeah I think
that's it I don't know maybe just
there's so much so yes a work in
progress by Connor comm and hashtag
Connor Franta book and all of that I
wrote a book and I am so proud of myself
none of this would have been possible
without all of you so again thank you
thank you thank you thank you to each
and every one of you for indirectly
giving me this opportunity a few all so
so much okay um I think that's it so if
you're happy for me and proud of me to
give this video a big thumbs up leave a
comment below click subscribe to them
bye
all the way through the DA bar um I
don't know click them check them out we
need to just I don't know I need to go
take a nap I'm so excited
