hey what's up you guys my name is Connor
and I don't have a life oh yes
now I'm kidding I'm kidding I do things
I know people sure hope you ever get
through denial stage about your life
call me okay but for real since I don't
go to school anymore and I work from
home I have a lot of free time and what
do I deal with all that free time you
ask stock my friends on social media and
live vicariously through their lives oh
yes yeah so here's the problem
most of my friends are social media
people so they happen to post their
entire lives on the internet so what
happens when we actually get to meet
face to face in real life and hang out I
pretty much know every single detail
about their lives and that's creepy as
far as someone who's seen too many lives
in his time I don't see anything wrong
with that
it's definitely a problem I don't want
to talk to one of my friends and know
more about them than they know about
them that's weird
Stephen Connor is that you hey hey
what's it been like six months like
seven three days twenty-one hours 36
minutes 57 seconds
so how's Lauren oh she's pretty good
how'd you know about her Facebook okay
we were actually out to dinner last
night I love Mexican and by the way your
burrito looked way better than her
enchilada how did you Instagram okay
well look I'm gotta get to oh your
dentist appointment don't worry about it
no your doctor tweeted about it
spoiler alert catch you around oh you
will nice guy yeah I don't want to be
that guy but but wait what if I already
am that guy and I just don't know it yes
will you get out of here oh okay
finally Plus that guy's gonna be late to
his class anyway okay so hope you guys
are dry that quick little video moral of
the story is probably not the best thing
to be on social media all the time
there's definitely a fine line about how
much you should be on it and how much
you should be learning about people over
the Internet instead of in person it's
really not that healthy and I'm wounded
talk a couple quick little notes
speaking of social media I actually just
made a snapchat my username is V Connor
Francis you can go add me on that sadly
I really like it also I'm listening to
this book on audible which kind of
inspired this video so if you want to go
download that for free click the link
below trust me
and finally next week I have a huge
announcement so get ready because it's
going to be awesome potentially my
biggest announcement I've ever made and
I'm super excited for it so get ready
people but other than that I think I'm
gonna go if you enjoyed this video make
sure every big thumbs up leave it below
so sorry
