hey what's up you guys
so hey hi how you guys doing this week I
just felt like doing a little bit of a
chat with you guys I mean we're in my
kitchen I have coffee I'm wearing a
frickin beanie
this is the chillest video ever we're
practically best friends practically but
yeah I just kinda want to get my
thoughts and feelings out there about
something I've been I guess going
through lately with being home for
awhile I'm actually getting like invites
to hang out with a lot of friends super
popular you know not really
and I feel weird but sometimes I just
don't want to hang out with people which
is a strange thing because you'd think
if your friends wanted to hang out with
you you would also want to hang out with
them because they are your friends
that's what friends do and this just
goes back to me being a mixture of being
introverted and extroverted introverted
people tend to be a little more shy and
want to be left alone whereas
extroverted people tend to be very
outgoing and want to be around people
and I find like I spill my coffee and I
tend to find myself somewhere in the
middle but more leaning towards
introverted which again is very
interesting to me because I know it's
kind of like a trend on the Internet to
be like oh my god I'm shy and alone and
want to just hang out with myself but
like I don't think I've always been that
way I think it's kind of happened more
over time and for some reason it's
really hard for me to like turn down
hanging out with people I just don't
like to say no for me to want to hang
out with someone it has to be the right
situation I unfortunately ask a million
questions about what we're doing where
are we going what time are we going what
are we doing who else is gonna be there
and I can't help but want to know those
things
and if the situation isn't right I'm
just like oh I'll just pass and I'll
stay home by myself but then later on
the night I get angry at myself because
I'm like well now I'm bored and alone
why didn't I just go hang out with those
people I just like a constant battle up
there I don't know sometimes I just
don't understand and when I actually I'm
feeling more on the extroverted side of
the scale I really enjoy hanging out
with people the other night I actually
went to a party whoa crazy me who knew I
sure didn't and I had fun shocker
before filming I was looking more into
it and it's become more of a trend to be
an introvert like over the years as
technology has advanced more people are
becoming introverts which I find really
interesting I guess now we have
something to blame COFF COFF social
media so I have a question for you what
do you think you are are you an
introvert and extrovert or somewhere in
the middle it's completely okay to be
either I just really
I love my extroverted friends and I also
love my introverted friends I just tend
to love everyone I love people but I
also hate people I think I'm very in the
middle for a lot of things I really
don't know oh yes I hope you guys
enjoyed this quick little video and
that's pretty much all I got for you so
if you enjoyed this video make sure but
a big thumbs up leave a comment below
check out my social media websites click
subscribe to buy I feel like I look like
a sailor in this beanie
