wow wow wow wow this is how I test see
if the cameras working oh my gosh hey
what's up you guys pick up you know
what's just one of those weeks from you
like filming in my bedroom
it's actually about love sex and dating
in relationships so it's kind of weird
that are doing it kind of creepy
actually I've lived in my apartment for
like months there's nothing on the walls
and hearing minimalism this room is oh
my gosh that is not even funny white is
my aesthetic I invented it but yes so it
is in fact that time of the month where
I do another Q&A specifically about
Valentine's Day even though it just
passed but I figured it's only been a
couple days so I might as well do a
video around it sign him guys I really
kept my shoes on because it's like so
you see here there's this buttons that
are brown and the shoes are oh oh oh TV
okay I've been blabbing for long enough
here we go we're trending yeah we're
trying to promote 5 thanks guys who's
the last person who said I love you too
okay it was either look just look at
this lighting okay it was either my mom
because I talked about the phone like
every day and say I love you when I hang
up the phone or is very good potential
that it was like a random waiter or
waitress I do this weird thing that like
when a waitress or a waiter or just a
random person like walks with me I'll be
like love you I really have no idea what
that's what's the most awkward thing
that ever happened to you on a date
honestly I haven't gotten enough dates
to have like really awkward things
happen but this one time I was on the
date and we got to the restaurant and
within like 10 minutes of getting to the
restaurant I realized I forgot my wallet
and I know that I shouldn't feel like
obligated to pay for it but I felt so
awkward that I didn't even have the
chance so we just had to leave we just
got up and left and then drove like 30
minutes back picked up my wallet and
then drove back oh my god
what's your cheesiest pick-up line hey
you must be a keyboard because you're
just my type
how do you feel about PDA okay I
probably have an unpopular opinion about
this but I don't really mind it like I
personally don't really do huge public
displays of affection but when I see
other people doing it I'm kind of a
sucker and I think it's really cute like
I'm like oh they love each other so much
that they're willing to like kiss each
other in public and like be all over
each other I don't know I'm weird I
think it's cute give it tight if so what
is it to be honest not really like yeah
I find certain physical attributes
attractive but I don't really have a
type like no one fits the mold of what I
like it's more like I have to really
connect it on a personal level so cheesy
sometimes I can't just no no no is it
wrong for a girl to go after a guy and
ask him out not at all it's 2015 people
whether you're a guy asking a girl
whether a girl asking a guy out whether
you're a guy asking a guy out a girl
asking a girl it doesn't matter
anyone can ask anyone else how do you
keep a conversation on the date help I'm
so awkward
three words them them them just that's
the other person about themselves the
best thing to do is steer the
conversation completely towards the
other person ask them about that what do
they like where they grow up what does
their mom's favorite cereal I don't know
when do you think you're actually gonna
settle down I'm like seven calm down
what's your favorite candy so the
Valentine's Day themed I'm gonna go with
the heart-shaped peanut butter cups and
I know what you're thinking hunter
they're the same thing
they're just shaped like a heart that's
what I imagine you sound like but no
there's so much better I like them a lot
they're great delicious chance very
young very very young what's your
audiobook recommendation this month I
don't tend to listen to too many love
related audiobooks but according to
audible.com/anna type in the word love
the first thing that comes up is the
5,000
I scroll down Eat Pray Love is on there
and that's a classic food a love story I
once loved Tonya's on there go listen to
that but if you do not no audible is the
leading provider of audiobooks you have
over 150,000 different audiobooks you
can choose from and if you use the code
audible.com slash Connor you get one
free download literally click link below
to get one free book it's a pretty good
deal so yeah go to audible.com slash
Connor download a book about love and
enjoy freedom book most romantic place
you've ever been you guys know I'm
honestly just a sucker for a good sunset
anywhere that just has like a beach and
a wide-open scene uh I don't know I just
find it super romantic again god I'm
just so cheesy who is the real OTP my
parents I'm a scale of 1 to 1000 how
much do you love us this much honestly I
can put a number on I love you guys so
much are you still ok how big is your
okay which one is your favorite okay
okay okay we get it
but okay so I hope you guys enjoyed this
week's video little quick announcement
probably that don't know actually just
sufficient that's my new brand common
culture we released coffee the other
week and this week you can finally buy
my second compilations I compiled a
bunch of new artists and put them on a
CD and now you guys can go buy it it
supports all these new undiscovered
artists and their great music so if you
want that links will be below I'm
signing a bunch of the copies and with
that all the common culture socials will
be down below if you want any updates on
future projects I'm working on those
would be the first place that they'll be
so I highly recommend you go follow
those and yeah other than that I hope
you guys are having a good week I'm I
sure AM this lighting is so strange I
can't get over it like highlighting
every teacher I feel so exposed also my
hair is down that's different but yeah
other than that I think I'm gonna head
out so if you did enjoy this video make
sure what a big thumbs up leave a
comment below check out my social
support
i'ma give you duh
I don't want actually kick the champ no
no not on that
