hey what's up everyone I'm out of breath
hi everyone the day that you're watching
this is the day before a special day
today is the day before my birthday
happy birthday to me happy birthday to
me I keep saying this to everyone but
this is like a big birthday this year
I'm turning 25 and it's weird to think
because in my mind 25 has always been a
quarter of your life which is not true
for most people but in my mind a quarter
of my life is gone and in reality it's
like a third of it potentially that's
weird that's insane I understand why
people have crises Isis's Chrysler's
Harry Kreisler
I'm starting to understand why people
freak out when they turn certain ages
and maybe 25 but I don't act like it yes
sir that's me
yep I'm currently in New York City which
is just a wonderful city but there's so
much damn noise here so I'm just gonna
go ahead and place all those random
noises right here but as many of you I'm
sure are very well aware I like to do my
birthday's a little bit differently
every single year you guys are
constantly asking me can I give you a
birthday present
mister Franta it's an international
holiday how can we celebrate honor
you're turning 15 this year I have to do
something for you luckily I have a
solution for you I have two very big
special things that I want to share with
you guys so let's get right into it
number one
today I'm comic culture Co I have
launched these three products this
beautiful love hoodie beautiful love
t-shirt and this beautiful love hat all
these products are available today and
will be up for only 7 days then they're
gone forever all the profits that come
from selling these products will go
directly to glisten listens an
organization that I've worked with for a
while now they're an LGBT youth
organization that mainly focuses on
creating safe spaces for students in
schools so they're just lovely and I
want to help
them out in as many ways as possible and
now for announcement number two common
culture season four is now available as
well and look this is one of the
products hell yeah hell yeah hell yeah
there are like ten products I believe we
have a jacket some socks some rings two
t-shirts a long sleeve this hoodie and
then also like a turtleneck Raglan type
thing that I designed the ten products
new season so exciting I designed all
these products 100% by myself this is by
far the most custom common culture has
ever been most of these products were
completely sewn from scratch they were
handmade just for common culture which
is the coolest thing in the world it's
so satisfying to have a concept in your
mind design it and then months later get
it in physical put it on and it's as
cool as you saw in your head oh yeah so
if you head over to common culture Co I
highly recommend you go pick up one of
the glisten products and then pick up
some of the common culture products
win-win again the glisten products are
available just for seven days so if you
want one you have seven days and you
will never be able to get one again the
common culture stuff has no expiration
date but it's all limited and it's
first-come first-serve last season we
sold out most of the products in 48
hours so if you want something be quick
and yeah that's just pretty much
everything I've been working on this for
months so it's so exciting to put it out
on my birthday anyways I just wanted to
make this quick video to inform you guys
about everything but to be honest I'm
gonna go chill and celebrate my birthday
again go over to common culture Co get
some stuff and thank you in advance for
the support last year we raised so much
awareness and so much money for glisten
and I'm just so thankful for that I
couldn't do what I do and they couldn't
do what they do without your support
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you okay I love you guys and I
think I'm gonna head out so if you
enjoyed this video click the thumbs up
leave kampala doo doo doo doo doo
