what do you like to do now for such a
simple question there are an endless
amount of answers as for me my answer is
I like to take photos and for this
week's video I want to tell you a little
more about that for as long as I can
remember I've always enjoyed taking
photos whether it's of my lunch hands
friends feet or just the world around me
it doesn't really matter if I see a
moment worth capturing I'm gonna capture
it
now by no means do I think I'm the best
photographer I know that and I don't let
it stop I mean by choice I exclusively
use my iPhone to take my photos because
I love the convenience and simplicity of
it I feel like my eyes see the world
just a little bit differently than most
people and my phone helps me capture
those distinctions look closely there is
beauty all around us high up in the sky
low down in the glass near red round the
corner far out into the distance there's
beauty everywhere and each subject has
many different angles to appreciate
don't fear an idea I'll be the first to
admit that sometimes I go to extreme
Heights just to take a photo I've stood
on one too many restaurant chairs and
lie down on one too many city streets
just because I had an idea and I don't
let the thought of appearing silly or
all the weird looks I get stop me from
doing what I want to do I know I'm
taking a dope photo so who cares what
those people think do what you love and
love what you do I know I've said this
before but I really want to put it out
into the world when I take photos or
make videos or do really anything
creative it's because I love it
plain and simple you don't have to be
amazing to love doing something if you
enjoy it that's all that you matter
drive needs no push passion needs no
poll and motivation only needs you you
know appropriately they say a picture's
worth a thousand words because my hope
for this video is that it leaves you
with a thousand questions but mainly one
in particular what do you
so tonight I'm sleeping on stones cuz I
feel it then you're crying your ass
