squeaky chair I feel like I haven't been
here it's so long and yet you guys don't
even know that because all my videos
have been here but I haven't been here
but I'm leaving tomorrow actually I'll
let her hey what's up you guys we're
back in the place and the thing in the
stuff yeah I'm finally back in my
apartment after like a month just stain
on my pants gonna hit it I missed it I
missed it again.i yes everyone so hello
p-chan oh my god I am like all over the
place today but yes so basically I have
the traveling a lot once again I have
been everywhere but here and it's been
really great to be honest like I
normally would think not being at home a
really long time wouldn't be great but
for some reason being everywhere but
home has been really really great like
between Christmas and New Year's and
everything in between
I haven't been home in like a month it's
quite a long time and I'm leaving
tonight to go to Florida for a random
thing oh cool really cool like oh yeah
so since this is my video diary my video
blog I today why don't you just kind of
vlog vlog talk speak communicate and
with everything that I've been doing
recently I've just realized that I am
quite messed up like in so many ways
I messed up with all the traveling
currently time zones I messed up with
time zones I have been in we think 1 2 3
4 5 different time zones in the past
month so like I don't even know what
time it is I woke up in the middle of
the night and I was just like it you
know it's not nude it's black outside
I've never had jet lag like this before
but I just I'm so confused I'm
hopelessly confused living where do I
even live I've been living like hotels
at my parents house and friends houses
and just not in my own place and that's
been really strange but for some reason
again I think it's so cool that I've
been everywhere but here because I don't
think a lot of people get the
opportunities to be a lot of different
places so to be able
I am a no means putting that down I am
so excited about that better spent
squeak again but it doesn't seem like
this is where I live when I came back to
LA I was like in my home who's texting
me who are you what do you want the one
plant that has survived I shall call her
Sarah whoa eating habits my eating
habits are messed up I've been eating
out like for like every meal all messed
up in in there in there it's messed up
so it was nice when I came home to see
this lovely package of naturebox on my
doorstep because my refrigerator is
empty like it is just like a ghost town
there's no food in it it's sad it's
depressing
but I came home to free snacks on my
doorstep so that's great and they were
probably sitting there for like a week
oops
but yeah so basically if you do not know
what naturebox is it is amazing nature
box of this company that sends you
healthy snacks right to your doorstep
and the cool thing about their snacks is
they don't have any artificial flavors
colors sweeteners they have no trans fat
they have no high fructose corn syrup
and all that stuff is really bad for you
so it's really nice but they don't have
it in their products like look it comes
in this nice package to some things that
I got are dry figs new baby turbulences
and sour cream in a New Orleans
YUM but yes if you guys head on over to
naturebox.com/tyler
you can actually get a free trial of
snacks sent right to your door free
snacks pretty cool you guys want some
snacks click the link in the downbar and
head over to naturebox.com/tyler start
your trial gets free snacks brick and
yum so yeah those are gonna be a good
start to me getting G messed up food
wise I need some kale really badly
somebody get this boy a salad
family sign up again yeah messed up the
weather I was in Minnesota and it's
frickin cold there it looked like some
sort of squirrel I was in Australia and
it's friggin hot there and now I'm in LA
and it's like fall weather I don't get
it I don't know what to wear I don't
know how to pack so I need a coat like
I'm parka pink top when is it
appropriate to wear sunglasses do I go
crazy and wear uggs I don't know I
really don't know I mean more general
things I'm kind of
when it comes to socializing I realized
recently that I am a huge listener like
being in these new places and new social
situations I have to talk and converse
with many new types of different people
and I end up just kind of sitting there
and listening I love to listen to people
I love to hear their stories I'll give
you what's up with them I like to hear
what's going on with them and sometimes
that's kind of bad because it seems like
I'm not interested but I swear to God I
am most of the time sometimes not I'm
just lying now I've also realized my
music taste is messed up or more so
improved but I was listening to the
radio a lot in the car I got so sick of
how often they played things and I know
that's really hashtag relatable but like
oh my god they played like the same five
songs over and over and over and I'm not
just saying my music taste is better
check out my playlist on Spotify I'm not
saying it's of a higher value download
on iTunes or am i I am in other news I
have so many things like I've been
living out of that suitcase for one
month and I'm just wondering how why do
I have all of this like what do I need
this for I'm never gonna like this Sarah
I'm sorry but what is your purpose I
need to do some spring cleaning very
early okay you guys what that's a pretty
messed up video am i right little side
note as you guys know I love to design
things and I actually threw up a new
design on represent accomplish Conner
basically it says limited edition
t-shirt that I designed that will only
be up there for like three weeks feel
like three weeks to order and then it's
gone forever if your internet yes very
relatable I'm so relatable like like the
NAM where I go get one and sign up to
the side note I have an artsy video
coming up next week that I'm really
excited about so get excited for that
but yeah that's that's basically it um I
love you guys and I love talking to you
guys and I will talk to you guys next
Monday if you enjoyed this video make
sure the big thumbs up leave a couple Oh
check out my search me
Oh Pete my neighbor is looking at me
