you guys are both wearing maroon today I
did it did you actually do it I'm messin
great style you my my fashion icon icon
/ you get my clothes for me when I go
shopping you sit there and get grab me
you just sit you stand I said this isn't
gonna be a great video thank you is a
see the whole video like hello everyone
I feel like that's her name
well here's the Beatrice experienced it
dolphin sex yeah yes I feel very
uncomfortable my face
very cool hey what's up you guys so
today I am joined with oh okay so I'm
going to do each other it's Caspar Lee
that's a good friend introduce yourself
thank you oh thank god it is and that
South African that sometimes talk to a
camera
I know well I was like what about a
whole point it was I thought it was how
good it was South African teenager and
then I became old pretty old who's not
crazy
daddy shut all your whites okay everyone
so today I'm joined with Caspar Lee and
it's been a long time coming so just
photos of include so I've known Casper
for literally like three years because
we were together at one point on - let's
see how I see it's a hoy pieces oh wait
her was so well brewed I know
thank you that's how we met yep okay you
can google that me baby stop this
locators kid's gonna be a star
today Castro I can be playing a game
called
I already forgot one who come on think
think come on we're playing this say
anything challenge that's what we're
doing I just say this say anything
challenge is a
essentially I'm gonna say a word and
then you're gonna say a word and then
I'm gonna say a word and you're gonna
say a word until one person can't say a
word
very difficult no honestly I'm really
bad with was gonna do I can't speak
first perfect we're gonna suck in the
show I'm sorry wait look at the elbow
also if you lose you have to put tape on
your face okay so you guys see some base
you're gonna have to put tape on you
you said it either I was just like you
so that is the game I love tape
I love you Oh without further ado let's
begin okay all right dolphin mango light
love lamp
dolphin blossom I wish you so far this
term I'm gonna get you I don't see
anything so I can take your blood it's a
lot harder than you think guys come say
word Pau phobia mother philanthropist
dog George Clooney octa me hot boy epic
Eliza George Clooney and you said ha all
those it heart is mine you love him
either way so the table my name is it's
hard to be random that's fine it's funky
no no if we're gonna play it properly
I'm not no pussy they're just anything
to you they put it on me you're right
this is weird
clock how long do I get you've already
thought that was easy this is fun I'm
gonna take you you know your type ice
lamb bucket blender challenge open Oprah
Josiah three alongside map so making you
off Oprah Winfrey mmm oh no no more
names no more names places or you owe me
when I can't the table so that's a
little wing could be on plastic surgery
gone wrong night day owl Tom hoot animal
BMW
car float board Australia that's place
he said oh he said there's another thing
anywhere life is a big game ah ah I look
weird
quit is that a word yeah oh boy you know
I'm not happy with this I feel like baby
Jesus elephant
what it's nothing to do with it crazy
wood what off Oh too much a TD feels
good okay this is literally my favorite
games go take cake eye lid hurts put it
on maybe Cody look scary yeah absolutely
crazy to me on my poor face this is like
the no sense of this challenge because
I'm starting I lost myself a smell sight
and now hearing taste hug bud love smell
so t-shirt so co-resident oh I love
always chew food are you go to
university
yeah so you're not stupid I'm kind of
stupid stupid
Connor table right done candle I can't
say people's name light some cat should
I be complaining to my parents about my
brain or my taste my fault I'm not tape
a quarter your forehead okay well animal
coin me head you head fly hat freedom
call United States of America I lost ice
at a place and gonna sold them okay
Connor I'm gonna cue up oh my god sorry
no that's my link and sexual feel it
like that very like that yeah this is
going so hard for me to speak that's my
time mask Oh vom on mana switch I am I
should have vacuum I say Mackey fuck it
get so hard but if you cheater aw thanks
to goes okay you can do that
week.you kappa right I can punch two
vanilla ice cream chocolate swirl the da
da da - ovary I'm gonna say strawberry
in a row own cavity vagina last round
ah I catch whoever loses this round get
to use a whole roll on another vacation
car Facebook app novel snot light take
you to your charities dun dun I'll take
it off on an off though ok everyone I
hope you enjoyed that I hope I made that
work in post it was really fun I think
it was fun I kind of enjoyed it too I
don't usually enjoy a stupid stupid
games use Vacanti fuck hey rude speaking
of stupid content you should go check
out the video we did on camp good what
are we do Casper we did the The Lying
Game well something like I didn't know
it's cool if we played some sort of game
or we have to lie to each other we got
it from Jimmy Fallon so Jimmy if you get
a Jimmy's boy subscribe to Jimmy know if
you want to watch that you can click
Casper's face or click the link below
also while you're there give it a thumbs
up and subscribe to Casper don't get
them tear any things to do xym subscribe
to cut up also if you enjoyed the video
make sure the big thumbs up and leave a
comment below what's the weirdest thing
you've ever taste here faced mine is a
quarter oh this is gonna give me a break
out and probably a few you app app also
remember to take the chair I like tape I
like you and I like words Oh
but ok everyone that is it for this
Monday so again if you did enjoy the
video make sure the big thumbs up leave
a comment below click subscribe see you
later bye
very cool my face hurts yes
