bringing the guests that was it that was
it this is very professional oh they're
here once again yeah this is above your
last year let's do it again
hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
today I'm here with Nicola Brandon what
a great state we literally just ate and
I'm forcing him to film because she has
to leave already
I just a the bed is sinking v we all
look very alike for some reason right
now well we got the great mission go
change why you have my hair right okay I
do okay I'm gray hair but hey we're home
for Christmas I have no idea what if or
when this video is going up but I
thought I needed to film video these two
yeah that was definitely not here so
that's that's why we didn't
excommunicated from the family or
something good but so today well first
of all how was everyone's Christmas it
was great they can't respond I had to
work yes series mono with the elderly
insert a halo yeah
so today I thought we would play a
little game of most likely - okay
basically I'm just going to read a
question like most likely to like plants
and then we'll each hold up our look
here's your cards oh oh
Conda can be a little you probably they
probably can't even see them they're
probably whited out the thought that
counts you they know that we call why me
Nadia come on
oh there you go yeah he did explanations
with Brendan this video is the least
video in the world so let's just go for
it it's gonna be great way to be ass but
I never lie most likely to know it I'm
just gonna hold up Nicola be well start
off easy most likely to complain about
things
pull up your card yeah what is it oh
well look everyone put me my even put me
I know it's not that person most likely
to be thrifty like Shaw be like
Macklemore I'm gonna put because it's a
pond be thrifty oh I've never been more
proud of you yes I think he's most
likely to be thrifty rather than college
all college kids are like yeah I can
imagine a shop it's a bird yes I'm not
voting for this most likely to survive a
zombie apocalypse yeah really really I
was gonna vote for test yeah oh my god
we all put different people I put my
scope I put Nicola because she can cook
therefore she can survive off of the
food I would die so I would know what to
eat I could kill the zombies but I can't
live if I candy what's your explanation
she doesn't know why she doesn't how
much she put me say what's your exploit
yeah self-centered what's your I watch
The Walking Dead who's most likely to
have an unusual fear so like be afraid
of a lot it's like Trevor Moran first of
all it's afraid of like sneezing okay
um fear I don't know this one either me
we should throw this one out okay
I'll try harder better questions who is
most likely to about drugs and alcohol
okay no who's most like don't know yeah
just most likely to live in a log cabin
okay I'm gonna put Nick oh really he put
me Oh father why I don't know your
rustic actually you're not at all I'm
sure dad's passion for wood nice who is
most likely to receive a marriage
proposal this is really awkward most
likely to beat someone up for the TV
remote let's pretend we were my phone I
was gonna say B I started a lot of them
from what I read bitter well I used to
do that and my couch used to be the home
so like I don't know if you would beat
up anyone I was overweight so I would
lose breath very quickly I'd pass out
from the exhaustion who is most likely
to lock themselves out of their own
house oh my gosh was Nick was likely to
lose her own wallet in her own purse
lovely driver's license in my wallet
enough said most likely not Bart in
public so we were in church and he not
one not two I sent three times looked
over me and said hold your breath can't
hold it in is accurate for me because
it's so hot most likely to be an angel
or the sweetest person alive
I picked the same answer check it out a
little bit look like a half the answer I
get nothing
I'm gonna put all three of us no no I'm
gonna put con unki built wells ok change
mind sorry yeah go with the all I read I
was really gonna be like let's end on
the all three note most likely to be ho
you like we have to film I do wait
that's it we get on the road there's a
dong end over there
a young retriever done already we're all
right done feel my shoulders but oh nice
I got it literally because the shoulders
feel my stomach hit me it was like a
football player thank you
I am very athletic hello okay well
thanks guys for joining me on my channel
again yay Christmas yeah Merry Christmas
Happy Holidays I literally take the
moment for promo and run with it their
links will be in the downbar go follow
them they have great they do great
things
they got tweed like 20 times so yeah I
think that's it so were you guys ready
to do the outro Wow yes yes again if you
guys enjoyed this video and you liked
having my siblings on my channel make
sure to big thumbs up leave a comment
below click Subscribe ah hi friends
quick note so I want to give you a quick
little announcement that the video
campaign I did with Miranda sings and
Skype quick is actually done and the
videos up on skype quicks channel so if
you want to watch that you can click
here and check it out or the link will
be in the downbar
basically we just had a fun day with
some of you guys meeting you guys and
playing games and it was a lot of fun
and they did a video on it or they
actually have behind the scenes photos
on Microsoft's onedrive which the link
will also be in the downbar so just want
to let you guys know that and um yeah
make sure to check it out but other than
that I'll see you guys next Monday
buh-bye
my favorite part yeah
