bang bang bang bang hey what's up you
guys so today I am here with Joseph
that's Joe so yes I realized that Joe
and I have never collab nice ground
break I don't know why so that's better
I know if it don't touch the ground I
feel like I'm just like a little kid I
guess 70 Rome uh so today I thought it
would be fun and funny for us to do the
body part touching challenge oh cool
I've never this before either this is g5
is a weird place what a cool challenge
touch my body challenge I touch my body
and the flow right Mary
yeah just realizes a face mark on the
window you see it oh yeah there's a chin
right there's a female I've only been
doing I don't no idea I know what you've
been doing but yeah I think the
challenge is pretty self-explanatory so
um I guess we just go just straight into
it just do it let's touch each other
just touch each other you're the guys do
you go first okay but I fold it only
really all we need is a blindfold I'll
think about my buddy pops go so many has
been written you bischmann to choose for
us I have so many body parts this is
scary
don't do anything your mother would but
if you're watching I'm sorry for you
about to say oh my god all right Connor
how would your hand up what are you
gonna put on your what are you gonna put
in there ready yeah that's this this is
the most of the scary sexual thing in
the world that I don't like it
you get too carried away stick to the
area like a do is it just a crease
between like your thumb and your finger
or something you're very close is a
decrease between one of your fingers oh
so close oh it's right here
yes is that the crease in my race you
really first of all you have a really
soft rest well thank you no is ever as
beautiful I felt like oh but also wrap
Thursday like this your turn what up see
okay you ready yeah
me one finger what it's cold what
happens is a bit clammy
oh is it multiple ways that is it
between your toes yeah nice oh thank god
there's a little one not open it or
about to leave how dare you that's Isaac
I was literally like this like just
touch it when I go ahead Oh God
was going round - I'm cold because I'm
here honey one thing but oh my god is
this your lips is it mm-hmm
it's definitely your face this is so
weird
it's your chin yeah she got also sags
much
yeah it was my double triple chin oh my
can you make first there you go foam now
I failure your turn
we have a visitor get them oh my god
wild Caspar Lee appears oh you're gonna
do walked in like two seconds ago you
were to walk down some weird good ie
marks like Blackpool Montoya face okay
you look like a biker or any Marwan a
Muslim boys up is that your nose no
teeth tongue hands are wet in there
I know oh it's nice Drive yeah yeah we
got a lot of discussion about your ears
recently Oh mine was it - no yeah so Joe
apparently sent me a picture of his ear
hole and I never got I did and I was
horribly disappointed so he deemed it to
me we didn't have a
but we have a t-shirt that looks like a
van damaged so it's the next best thing
yeah if I bang down in my face too tight
I can't see anything goes blind Connor
got one ready no I know what it is you
gotta guess it nipple yeah nipple your
third nipple dude that was it
I have a third nipple yeah actually
Tommy I was joking little nipple
holy Jimmy's now I always get my
nipples out on camera I got a weird
default okay
Caspar keeps walking in on us on these
awkward edges on these awkward
situations I wanted us to a promise you
can watch this one okay is your belly
button
yeah Caspar in your mouth no do it for
the video
Jim in the video - that'd be gross you
know the opportunity our party you guys
thanks man take a quick break this is
the big one that could be taken in so
many ways this is the big one I think
already not very interested in going are
you ready no I don't think I am thanks
mm-hmm
what does it call that wait let's go
okay it's God did it retract inside you
yeah okay this is so gross it's yours
it's your atoms that yeah that was my
Jerry's Apple I think it runs off it
news ha ha ha okay moving on last round
I look at myself in the mirror and
realize oh my head's just grown my head
expands
you're not helping this England okay no
okay no ready no it's your belly button
again
oh that's little bum cheeks is it that
bed of your bum cheeks going to Annika
boys it yeah I have no idea it's like my
fingers like nested it right in there
it's like this not your button oh well
that's fine what the hell oh it's a
crease between your that yep
I was so worried haha oh I never friends
and I was like so not ready for things
in the world I've been in like NLA two
days already put a finger in it but
welcome down that's it everybody
oh but so I hope you guys enjoyed this
little video if you did make sure it a
big thumbs up and if you did enjoy it we
did another video on jumps jams yes we
did what do we do Joe we did a little
Q&A everyone loves a good ol Q&A but
it's fun because makes me do things
ghosts answer questions yes again what
intruding very stuck in there's secrets
babies and lots more
and even lipstick yeah nice so if you do
want to see that video go to click Joe's
face or click the link in the downbar
and go check it out give it a thumbs up
and subscribe because Joe is one of the
most creative youtubers out there I'm
not even kidding wide come on blush it's
true the true but I think that's it
again if you did enjoy this video make
sure with a big thumbs up leave a
comment below click subscribe to buy
that's far away
