and as you can see here we have the
beacon of hope that is it very cool hey
what's up you guys my buttons are done
you hate pants with button jacket on
inside French there's a table there okay
hi so you know everybody the year is
winding down to an end this is literally
my last video of 2014
Oh kind of weird kind of scary this year
literally flew by but I figure oh my god
but I figured I would wrap it up by
answering some of your final questions
of 2014 so without further ado let's go
can you put this in a video sure what is
your favorite season
it's definitely winter is living on your
own scary sometimes like oh my god okay
so living on your own really isn't that
bad it's not as bad as people make it
out to be but on nights like last night
where I'm hearing all these weird noises
outside my apartment and in it I am I
will I wish I had a roommate I wish I
had someone someone to hold me anything
last night I should you not I thought I
was going to get murdered because I was
hearing creepy sounds coming from
outside my bedroom door and I thought
someone broke in and was gonna kill me
and just I know what's your worst new
years experience not gonna lie usually I
spend New Year's at home completely
alone I don't know why I just have never
been a New Year's guy but like to leave
this year I will not be at home and I
will not be alone so I'm really excited
for that what are your new year's
resolutions I've said this before I'll
say it again I do not like New Year's
resolutions I feel like they never work
out in their cliche and and bla bla bla
bla bla but at the end of every year I
like to personally set a big list of
goals for myself for the new year and I
haven't written those yet so I need to
get on that but yeah goals are better
than resolutions yeah are you offender
or saber saver
what's your PIN you know by your
tumblers so fetch
hey thanks Gretchen weiners can I please
have some of your socks okay what book
was your favorite inaudible this year
okay so I do not have a favorite audible
book but the one I am listening to right
now is Zoey's new book so if you did not
know my
friend and fellow youtuber Zoe or zoella
released a book called girl online and
it's on audible so if you didn't know
audible is the leading provider of
audiobooks there's over a hundred and
fifty thousand different titles on
audible that you can listen to and for
this month I am going to recommend that
you guys listen to his always book
because it's so good but yeah I've known
about this project for a while and I
know she's worked really hard on it so
if you go click the link below and go to
audible.com slash Connor you can
download one free book so you might as
well go download hers so again that is
autoblock comm slash connor to get one
free book go fricken read up but what
would you do during the zombie
apocalypse eat Christmas cookies not a
fuckin good huggy
would you ever pierce your nipples okay
so I've seen pictures of people with
their nipples pierced but first of all
don't even ask why I've seen those and
like no ow
Wow that doesn't seem fun things would
be sticking out no I'm gonna keep my
nipples not Pierce what was your
favorite part about your trip to Africa
okay before him again I have a couple
questions that people donated to ask me
from when I did my prize EO campaign
first of all a girl named Arya don't
even $500 twice and just wanted to say
hi to me so hi Daria the next question
is from David from New York I'm a small
youtuber and you constantly inspire me
to make better videos over the years who
has inspired you I actually have a lot
of YouTube inspirations so I'm inspired
from anyone like jacksgap who makes
really really good quality videos to
anyone like grace Helbig who was just
super naturally funny and then people
like louie cole who continued to put out
daily videos that are awesome daily and
many many more i'm inspired by so many
of my fellow youtubers chris from
colorado asks what role does faith and
spirituality play in your life and your
decision to do this project I would just
like to say that I have faith in our
little community that I knew we could
make a difference together so they think
I just have faith in you guys I know he
could come together and accomplish
something great and we did we raised
almost two hundred fifty thousand
dollars Felix from British Columbia asks
as a fellow coffee addict I absorb about
nine cups of coffee a day
yikes what about you well as you know
I do love coffee I definitely don't
drink nine cups a day but it's usually
anywhere between like two and three and
I'm honestly not a snob like it really
doesn't depend where it's from as long
as I kind of get that coffee and get
that like alone time that quiet time
that's all I need I just love to sit
down in the morning drink my coffee
check up on everything make some calls
and just like Rachel from South Carolina
says hi when you coming to South
Carolina I don't really know I don't
have any plans for it but hopefully soon
print it's a great place Chris from
Ontario asks we are constantly seeing
new forms of social media does this ever
feel overwhelming to keep up with in a
word yes I'm so stuck in my ways that I
pretty much stick to like the core 5
social media platforms and anything new
I'm super hesitant to use just cuz I'm
like I have everything I need why I get
more so yeah it's pretty overwhelming
and I'm pretty selective of what things
I use cuz I'm alright I'm already on the
internet enough like I don't need to be
hunted more and finally victor from
alberta he says he has no question just
keep doing awesome things and thank you
that's truly really really nice of you
and I think that's a great way to end
this part so continue on with the main
question of how was Africa
it was amazing the best part about going
to Swaziland Africa was seeing these
wells that you guys have provided being
made I got to go to these well
ceremonies where they would use the well
for the first time but people would
cheer the people would sing that people
would dance and everyone was just
overall so excited for this thing this
little thing the simple thing that is
water everyone was so happy over it and
that was truly heartwarming that we
would go back to the villages and play
with the kids and people again with
dance sing we would eat we would just
have a fun time for several hours in
each of these villages so me and the
people I went with which we're great by
the way we just got to spend these great
car rides talking getting to know each
other I don't know it was just amazing
it's one of the best experiences in my
life and the thing that I took most out
of it is to be happy with what you have
these people in Africa that I saw we're
so happy with nothing they lived in mud
huts they kicked around plastic bags and
they were all so happy so yes in a
nutshell that was my Africa trip if you
ever get a chance I suggest you go and
again from the bottom of my heart thank
you for donating to the thirst project
and I'm gonna
their link in the downbar below because
you can donate any time is there
anything you're looking forward to next
year I am looking forward to so many
things this year was huge for me we
accomplished so much as a group and
there's so many things that I'm doing
right now that I cannot tell you guys
about or that I'm choosing not to tell
you guys about and I know you hate to
hear that but soon literally so soon you
just need to get ready and that's all
I'm gonna say finally describe 2014 and
three words pretty king amazing okay so
I hope you guys enjoyed this week's
video I hope you learned a little more
about me my year and everything in
between
go check out anything I talked about
this video all the links will be in the
number below but other than that I will
see you guys next week
in 2015 so again if you did enjoy this
video make sure with a big thumbs up
please comment below check out all my
social media websites click Subscribe
bye that was a long video with a lot in
it what a way to end the year 2015
here we go
