and don't know this lighting I also I
don't know if shoes on I just there's a
candle burnt I just I don't know
anything right now
hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to another Monday video on my channel so
this week I felt like sitting down
getting a little more intimate
in my bedroom and doing something that a
lot of you have been requesting me and
that is to Google myself apparently this
is like a thing this is a YouTube thing
that everyone's doing so how to stay hip
and jump on the trend right oh yeah so
um I'm just gonna Google myself let's do
this people say YouTube is hard there we
go seems easy have lots of white pillows
as I'm freaking Tumblr's okay Google
Connor Franta so let's see here we got
Connor Franta wiki I don't have a
wikipedia very sad no one ever paid me
one page 22 fanfic there are way too
many ok let's see something really
simple here the reason first of all that
I haven't done this video is because
just let me type in is and you're gonna
see is oh yeah King I'm afraid to is
King is the first thing that comes up
that that's changed very quickly yes
Connor Franta is from LA Crescent
Minnesota
I'm Franta is depressed yikes by half
true
how no Franta has what the brick just so
sad everyone just needs to stop why is
this so difficult
our friends at W so Connor Franta
website Wikipedia I don't have one
website I'm working on it why did he
leave because you weren't there for me
Connor Franta who is me it means that's
a deep question when you think about it
Who am I I'm gonna hit a random letter
so Connor Franta be birthday book
background music by people are very
interested in the last one birthday
September 12 book background music I got
all my background music from like audio
network and just
random free music places neat someone's
having a fight about me at one point I
didn't have people know about me if so
thank God people live above me at the
moment otherwise I'd be like go spinel
stir you got here another letter G
girlfriend gift let's see what kind of
gifts is a Jif or gif I always forget my
internet is failing me don't be an
asshole I love my brand why do none of
these work 99% of these are me either
doing like this like or like a smirk
we're doing something cute I tend to do
a lot of things that are cute cute or me
smiling more of me doing things I mean I
just gifs are the best thing that's ever
better that's a creepy peasants oh my
god why is this a thing boo you horns
pre I miss him okay I'm bored of this
going back Connor Franta height very
short hair real hashtags and what does
that even mean top Connor Franta
hashtags there's not something on a
Franta life doesn't wait Kela haz Jalen
stepfather of Ricky Dillon Chevrolet
spam but doesn't even mean this website
top hashtags you're wrong That's not me
that is also not me none of this is me I
not me
bye Connor Franta kick I don't have one
kiss
what comes up for that died I never
kissed anyone on the internet images
That's not me
what are all or these fanfics none of
these pertain that is gross stop oops
yikes my news leaked I'm gonna scream
get that room mail Connor Franta illegal
love is that a oh that's definitely a
fanfiction
let's visit the site this has 30,000
reads and slaughter eats now we're
changing websites but let's see here
Connor Franta
fanfic oh casually has a fanfic that has
2.2 million reads what the fuck there's
another one that has a million and
another one that has 1.5
that someone once told me I'm one of the
most
fanfic person people humans ever and
that that scares me in usf which is lots
of time on yes 36 pages 30
another 30 70 what I okay we're getting
out of here Connor Franta at birch
district live.com / Connor Franta
there's lots of merch out I'm afraid to
middle name I am not telling you because
now that is the only secret I have after
not one thing I've done yet you can
greet meetup I'll have some soon I
promise I won't forget you guys it's
really fun Connor Franta see coming out
that just happened I had a door right
now I would go through it but College
that was a thing at one point charity
that was also a thing but it's gonna be
continued to be a thing but what happens
a bunch of Google car Franta oh this is
at the moment lots of news articles it
happened images oh look at me all my
selfies you're sick what's more naked
photos did I say at this photo
I don't remember necessarily taking it
but it looks very scary very scary no it
looks more scary interesting his eyes
they real Sarah that yup oh my quality
YouTube content IQ funding just make
let's see it Connor Franta a speed round
mmm freaking I've already seen all these
letters II dirty images whoa now we into
the real stuff okay that is not me and
that's also porn so that's not any other
porn there's more porn oh my god
remember that a typical Tuesday Oh ever
why that's with me Ellen put me on your
show there's lots of thing I don't know
why there's a dress comment that's not a
dirty image I'm I'm done I'm done I'm
done so there we go I hope that was
interesting to you I've avoided that
video for a while for many reasons now I
can do it very cool I'm actually
honestly a little bit afraid to like
really dig into Google to find out
what's about me because I don't know I
put everything online I have no idea
what's on there let's hope there's no
phone numbers social security numbers
credit card numbers house anything that
involves numbers let's just pretend it's
not there don't look at it don't search
for it probably gonna backfire on me but
don't okay what if you guys'd enjoy this
little video make sure the big thumbs up
and leave a comment below if I were to
Google your name what is the weirdest
thing that would come up really think
about this one really think about it
everything you put online is on there
forever I sound like a parent cool if
you want to check out anything that has
to do with me it will all be in the
downbar but until then I will see you
guys next Monday so I can make sure this
video big thumbs up leave a comment
below bye
I almost pushed the camera off oh my god
oh my god that would have been really
bad okay
