I kid you not as soon as I turned on the
camera my heart just like immediately
started beating really hard but hey
what's up you guys so today I want to
talk to you guys about something so 2014
has been by far the biggest year for me
I've done a lot of things and got a lot
of places and you guys know all about
that but you don't know the biggest
thing that's happened to me this year so
I'm sitting here in front of you with no
script no plan no fancy editing and I'm
just gonna be really honest 2014 is
truly the year that I have accepted who
I am and become happy with that person
so today I talked to you guys about that
and be open and honest and tell you that
I'm gay and this may come as a shock to
a lot of you and it may be confusing so
I'm gonna backtrack a little bit
growing up I always knew I was a little
bit different than everyone else
I always just had this feeling that I
wasn't the same but it wasn't until I
was 12 years old until I really had
pinpointed what that was for some reason
my 7th grade year I had this thought in
the back of my head what if I'm gay and
I immediately was so terrified I'm from
a small town in the Midwest that's not a
normal thing there I didn't know what
that word meant I had only met a couple
gay people in my entire life it was
terrifying to me to have to think that I
was something that I knew nothing about
so I immediately pushed it away and
tried to not think about it but as
anyone who's gone through this knows you
can't not think about it I was up all
night for I can't tell you how many
nights just thinking like looking at the
ceiling just thinking about this and I
was so scared of it that I never told
anybody so fast forward into high school
I tried to avoid it by dating girls all
I wanted to do was be like everyone else
so I would date girls I would kiss girls
but I would feel nothing I just wanted
everything to be like everyone else said
it was I just wanted to be normal I just
wanted to talk about what I wanted to
talk about and be who I was but I didn't
feel like I could be that I felt so
isolated because I had this
secret that I couldn't even talk to
myself about let alone other people and
it wasn't until my sophomore year in
college that I really thought about it I
thought about it so much that I became
obsessed with it and having that thought
to myself for so long started taking
over my life and I started feeling
depressed I felt like there was no
escape from my own thoughts but I
thought to myself maybe I can continue
to avoid this if I just don't act on it
it'll never be a thing and I don't know
what it was but one year ago I kept
trying to get myself to look in the
mirror and say it I just I was tired of
running I was tired of hiding who I
truly was so I just tried to say it and
I don't think you'll understand unless
you've gone through it but I couldn't
say it like I was not capable of saying
it my mouth could not utter those words
until one time I did and I felt like a
mixture of every emotion possible I was
really relieved that I finally said it
but I was also so terrified that I'd
finally admitted that to myself then the
next step was to tell a person so in
January of this year after keeping one
of my friends up till like 5:00 a.m. on
his couch I told him and I felt great
and from then on I was just continuing
to tell people I started telling more
friends I told my parents I told my
siblings and one by one I just started
checking people off this list and
everyone was so great I am so fortunate
that everyone they didn't even like they
didn't look at me different they didn't
treat me different they just said okay
like it was no big deal this whole thing
that I had built up inside me to be this
huge deal for 22 years wasn't in just
one year I honestly felt like I am so
happy with who I am and I'm making this
video because I was sick of having to
think constantly about what I was doing
what I was saying what I was wearing
just I don't want to have to think about
everything I do I just want to be able
to be me and not be afraid I'm sick of
censoring myself this is just one little
part
of who I am and I'm not gonna let my
sexuality define or confine me it's part
of me it's not all of me so today I'm
making this video for a couple reasons
one I put a vast majority of my life on
the Internet and I want this to be one
of those things
- the reason I accepted this information
was because of the internet I've watched
every coming up video possible four
times I've googled I went in chat rooms
I found every way online to talk about
this and to figure it out because I
never felt comfortable actually talking
about it to anybody I'm making this
video for anyone who needs it it's okay
it may not seem like it right now but
you are gonna be fine
I know it's scary but don't be afraid
you are who you are and you should love
that person and I don't want anyone to
have to go through 22 years of their
life afraid to accept that and 3 I just
want to set a precedent race gender
religion sexuality we are all people and
that's it we're all people we're all
equal I don't want anyone to have to be
afraid I don't want anyone to hold back
who they are it's not okay
it's not a good thing and I don't I
don't know what else to say my friends
my family and you guys have supported me
through anything and everything and I
can't thank you for that enough this has
been easily the hardest thing I've ever
had to do but I'm so happy that I'm
doing it in this video somehow turned
into a sad series moment I'm not gonna
let it end on that note in true connor
franta fashion I'm gonna end my videos
like I always do because this is just
another video it's just another video
where you found out a little more about
me so until next Monday make sure this
video big thumbs up and leave a comment
below check out all my other videos but
sometimes you
