I'm tired I am so tired not from a lack
of sleep but from a sheer amount of
disbelief from seeing this watercolor
world we live in slowly turning a light
shade of ten smiles fading to frowns
cubs turning the downs
some of us have lost our spark lost our
drive lost our heart and frankly night
tired of it I'm exhausted by the sight
of lives lacking a certain light when
each and every one of us deserve that
right now do me a favor and lend me your
ears
keep your eyes peeled place them here
poetry and fancy work play on hold
here's a meaningful story I've never
told you see a couple of weeks ago a day
like any other I was heading to meet him
with some friends for lunch and for some
reason I truly couldn't be bothered with
tackling the best that is Los Angeles
parking so I called myself a taxi you
see I'm the type of person who likes to
make conversation with pretty much
anyone and everyone whether it's an old
lady at a bus stop or a barista in a
coffee shop people are people and they
all have something to say after a few
introduction sentences me in this 30
something year old gentleman realized
were both creative types originally from
the Midwest out here in Los Angeles
pursuing their many arts endeavors we
continue conversing but quickly things
got a little bit deeper he asked me was
your family okay with you moving out to
a bigger city and chasing such an
alternative career type definitely I
said they're just happy I'm happy and
doing something I love everyday he
continued by saying good that's really
good you're doing something you're
passionate about a lot of people
nowadays can't seem to say that he
hesitated slightly but then continued
you know my dad and brother worked night
and day for practically their entire
lives receiving a little pay for doing
something they didn't enjoy it all they
both always talks about how it'll be
worth in one day we can spend our
hard-earned money later on we will live
a good life eventually but you know what
neither of them got that my dad died
unexpectedly four years ago and my
brother just last year they'll never get
to live the life they always wanted to
so it's honestly very nice to see people
follow in their heart
and living their life now rather than
later and at that point you drop me off
after only a 10-minute car ride and I
left with a new perspective in my mind
life waits for no one
if yours isn't going the way you want it
to if you aren't pursuing what you want
to pursue if you wake up with immediate
dread constantly saddened by the hours
ahead and moving through the days
feeling lost to heart in the haze
holding back what you want to say
waiting to be yourself another day while
your dreams and desires put on hold to
be fulfilled
maybe when you're old you aren't doing
it right you aren't living your life
eventually is not okay why tomorrow when
there is today I finally feel like I'm
finding my way and not just living day
by day I'm doing what I love I'm going
where I want to go I'm being who I want
to be I'm happy and you know what I
think everyone deserves to feel the same
way thanks so much for listening and
I'll see you guys next Monday
