okay am I in focus
oh my god am I in focus now I was in
fact out of focus they might in focus
now hi how's it going how are you how's
your mom
is your cat better heard she was ill
this is a big one folks this is a big
one I need a drumroll please
we don't have a budget for that okay
cool hello everybody and welcome to the
first ever Connor Franta film club thank
you this recording thank God is the
audio thank God it's the weekend there's
no time for drama I don't think I often
talk about this online but one of the
things that I have forever
enjoyed and it makes total sentence
considering I'm filming this on a camera
I love film I love love films I love
movies I love going to the movies I love
the movie experience
I like making movies obviously like
little little bit little big ones
actually front back I used to collect
movie tickets for the longest time every
single movie I went to I would save the
movie movie stub stubs stud movie
tickets to this day I still go to like
at least a movie a week if not two to
three movies a week that is the one
thing I will forever splurge on is going
to the movies versus renting a film or
buying a film I would owe 100 times more
want to see that film in a theater
setting it doesn't matter if like the
seats have holes in them or like a
people behind you are making out and
kicking your seat I just love the movies
popcorn the lights camera action it's
wonderful today I want to talk to you
guys about five films I've seen this
year in 2017 that I think you should see
that I absolutely adored and loved for
many reasons specific to each film so
I'm gonna tell you those movies today
and explain why I like them
in no particular order actually I feel
like this is in the order from the last
one I saw to the first one I saw
whatever it doesn't matter number one
Logan lucky it was directed by Steven
Soderbergh it stars Channing Tatum Adam
driver and Kate Holmes this movie just
came out really recently it's still in
theaters right now and I had heard
nothing about this film one of my
friends told me that they didn't do much
marketing for it I think they were
hoping to stay budget on it that way or
something and it didn't work because I
think it flopped but it's amazing this
movie takes place in middle America so
it kind of has a very nostalgic factor
to it for me as someone who grew up in
Minnesota my try best send this to
describe it accurately without giving
away spoilers which might be hard for me
so I'm sorry the whole movie revolves
around Channing Tatum and his family and
they're living very normal average lives
in middle America and eventually it
turns into a crime drama thriller and
yet still manages to be a comedy because
very quickly the way the Channing Tatum
is going to get money is by committing a
robbery at a very famous NASCAR race
that's all I'll say I was really
impressed with how natural the dialogue
was and how many subtle jokes were
thrown in there like the acting was so
phenomenal that there were so many
different things that people did with
their body language that I don't know if
it was meant to be funny but it was
hilarious it comes across as a very
simple film but towards the end you
realize how intelligent it's getting
there are several really big plot twists
that I didn't expect to happen after
even like halfway through the movie I
thought I had already figured out what
the movie was but it kept changing and
it kept getting more and more well
thought out and intense I highly
recommend it it was a very very fun film
to see plus I saw it in a really tiny
theater and the movie only cost like
five bucks to see and the popcorn was
like three dollars brilliant
revolutionary the next film is called a
ghost story I have a feeling that like
99% of you to have no idea this movie
even came out I believe it was a
Sundance film if not just a very small
artsy film house film house film hmm a
ghost story was directed by David Lowery
and it stars Casey Affleck and Room
this film was very very low-budget I
have a feeling a lot of people didn't
see it because I don't think it was
released nationwide but since I live in
Los Angeles they had it at several
theaters for a couple tiny showings this
was the most unique movie on my list of
movies it might be the most unique movie
I've seen in years it follows this
couple through their life in a small
house and I think the Midwest and very
soon into the film one of them dies and
returns as a sheet ghost like the ghost
you see in cartoons a white sheet with
two holes for eyes so when I saw the
trailer I was like this could be really
really funny or really really creepy
because when the person comes back as a
chic ghost for all intents and purposes
they are a real ghost that's just the
aesthetics that the director wanted to
give the ghost so no one can see them
they're a real ghost but to the audience
it's a person in a sheet so once you get
over the fact that that's a little bit
funny it just blows my mind it hadn't
been filmed on real film because the
actual visuals and aesthetics of the
film were so stunning it's also cropped
so it's not a full wide length film it's
cropped into like a square which I
thought was gonna get annoying but I
quickly forgot that I was watching this
tiny square on this big screen but yeah
there really isn't much dialogue it's a
lot of long scenes with little cuts and
I don't know the acting is just so
wonderful
they have such a weird twist on time
almost like an interstellar type film
where they play with time and space I a
hundred percent recommend that film if
you enjoy small indie art house films
the next one is called baby driver baby
driver is a thriller crime film directed
by Edgar Wright it stars also all Gert
John Hamm Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx
and many more it was just full of
amazing talent I feel like a lot of
you've probably seen this one but it was
one of my favorite films this year so
far the film is loosely about a young
boy who drives a getaway car for a bunch
of bank robberies acting directing the
script everything about it was really
really well done one of my favorite
parts about this film is that
the scenes and the acting are all in
time with music because you quickly find
out that the main character uses music
in his everyday life he's always
listening to music and he especially
listens to music when he's robbing banks
so they do this very smart thing where
he puts in his headphones and then the
soundtrack comes on for all of you to
hear but that's like the soundtrack he's
actually listening to and driving to I
don't know it's a really interesting
twist I've never seen anyone really
necessarily do it specifically that way
in a film but oh my god this movie was
so great I was so impressed with on sole
console Hansel it's a contour Hansel I
think it's I was really impressed he did
he was you did such an amazing job the
tone in the movie kept changing from
like a thriller drama to sometimes being
comedic there are actually a lot of very
funny moments in it but overall it kept
its intensity throughout the entire film
which is really rare to be honest there
were really no dull points in this movie
I was at the edge of my seat for like
the entire film there's also this very
beautiful opening shot to the film it's
this really long uncut shot that goes on
for almost like five minutes and they're
following also through the streets oh
yeah if you like kind of fast cars and
guns and action this is a film you need
to see it's one of those films that I
wanted to see again immediately after I
was done seeing it because it managed to
get me so hyped just so damn quickly
next we have one that I'm sure so many
of you saw or at least heard of and that
is get out get out so thriller horror
film directed by Jordan Peele it stars I
am going to butcher his last name Daniel
koala cuckoo oh my god I just say koala
Daniel Kuya Alison William and little
ray
Howry I just butchered everyone's name
yay go me this is a film that came out
at the very beginning of the year and I
got to see it before it was out and then
it was so good that I had to see it
again a couple days later I love horror
films horror films have always been one
of my few guilty pleasures I could watch
a horror film every night and just be so
happy there are horror films that are
genuinely scary that I really enjoy kind
of that adrenaline rush and there are
also horror films that are so just
horrible that they become a comedy in a
way and I love that
I would 100% watch a 3-star horror film
over like a seven star comedy there's
something about three star horror films
that just they're so funny
they're just they're so good but anyways
get out was again one of the more
interesting films I've ever seen I had
no idea what to expect for this I
thought they could go many routes in the
whole film in the trailer was presented
that this white girl was going to bring
her black boyfriend home to her white
family and again I think middle America
maybe but either way it's presented in
the film as if the boyfriend is anxious
about the situation and the girlfriend
is like there's obviously no problem my
parents will love you my parents love
everybody but of course you know is
gonna go down because that's how the
film opens I just thought there were so
many ways that this film could go wrong
or that it just could follow so many
traditional film routes that have done a
similar type plot it's very much an
intense thriller film with many comedic
moments the best friends in the film
little ray Howry he adds so much comic
relief to the film he had me in the
entire crowd both times I saw it in
absolute stitches and absolute stitches
Shawn Mendes is that you if you know
nothing about this film go into it that
way go watch it right now before you
find out anything because I went into it
without knowing what I was seeing and I
was just shocked time and time again how
intelligent this plotline was with such
a simple premise and that's how I can
describe it without giving anything away
goddamn it was good oh okay I've been
talking for probably like a year but the
final film that I want to talk about is
called split split is also a thriller
horror film this film was directed by M
night Shyamalan and as far as James
Maccoby
and a few other people that I forgot to
write down they were all so great I
think this one was a little bit
controversial because the whole premise
of it is that James makovan each
character has 23 different personalities
and one of his personalities ends up
going broke and kidnaps three girls so
the controversy around this film was
that it was shedding a negative light on
a mental illness which obviously I'm not
for that but in my opinion the way the
film was actually presented was very
fictional it's very very extreme in
every sense of the word so I didn't
necessarily have a problem with it but I
definitely can understand why people are
sensitive to that issue so so I'm just
gonna look at it from the point of view
of someone who enjoyed the film because
the actual film itself doesn't say
anything offensive okay I'm gonna stop
defending myself I love this film I
think it technically came out in 2016
but but it wasn't released in America
until 2017
perhaps this movie was so like the other
ones smart I guess we see a trend here
I'm just really into smart films James
Maccoby was oscar-worthy for this film
because again he plays a person with 23
different personalities and he acts out
all of those personalities well I don't
know if necessarily all 23 are shown in
the film I can't remember but he plays
so many different characters in the film
and does it so well to the point where
each character is a very different type
of person and he's like contorting his
body and completely changing his body
language for every character of all ages
and all backgrounds and it's just so
believable one of the characters he
plays is like a young young child and he
really convinces me that he is a young
child it was amazing I was really after
that point I really was so impressed
with his acting this movie really
manages to be interesting while also
just being terrifying the filming is
beautiful it's very dark and dreary and
sulky because again he kidnaps these
girls so it's all taking place like in
this underground house type situation if
you like great acting and you like to be
kind of nervous and scared for a solid
two hours then you'll really really
enjoy this film okay that's that that's
it that's it I think
so that was the first ever Connor Franta
film club I have a couple questions for
you guys one what are your top 5
favourite films that you've seen this
year there are so many more I mean there
was beating the beast
Spider Man Detroit big sick Dunkirk so
many more that I could have talked about
so let me know that in the comments down
below and number 2 let me know if you
enjoyed this I really really love
talking about things like film and music
and fashion and I rarely do it as an
entire video because I'm really afraid
that it's gonna be boring to you guys oh
my god I'm dying I just like the memory
card into my computer and it showed that
I didn't record everything but it didn't
show when it cut off and I just checked
and it only cut off right at the very
end thank God oh my god if I would have
had to refilm this whole thing that's
why this angle changed oh my god I'm so
happy okay that's it I don't know what
didn't record but I hope you guys have a
wonderful week I love you and I will see
you next week or I think announce Ben
actually if you enjoyed this video make
sure it comes up I almost forgot my
outer there for a second oh my god
imagine if this didn't record
