I've got a button down on so you know
things are about to get serious hey
what's up you guys
so I bet you're wondering Connor why do
you look so nice
first of all thank you second because I
am working working if you didn't know my
side job is actually a therapist I
listen to people's problems and give
them advice and today I have a patient
who has a lot of things he or she needs
to talk about so let's listen this
person has been kind enough to let me
record them but their identity will be
concealed for personal reasons so sit
back listen up and you might learn a
thing or two
let the session begin hello hi dr.
Connor okay so let's get right into it
what's on your mind okay what should I
do about best friends start to spend
their time with their new bf or GF and
just ignores me you know what if that
person is your best friend just tell
them keep the lines of communication
open
maybe they're just very into this new
relationship and don't even realize
they're reflecting their past ones so to
sit them down in a nice way and form
them that you feel neglected and try and
fix it do you have any good stress
relievers okay this is kind of tailored
to each individual but for me I like to
take hot showers go on a nice walk talk
to some friends eat some food but
basically just get out of your house for
some reason being confined to one area
makes things all seem worse so just get
out and try to get your mind off things
in high school how are you supposed to
fit enough classes to get a good resume
but still manage to get sleep and not
get stressed okay so as the viewers know
I did a lot of things in high school I
was doing YouTube sports and managed to
get pretty good grades and I was not
easy that was not easy you just really
need to find a balance between things
and that's maybe not what you want to
hear but it's true I'm going to give you
a little inside information grades are
not the only thing that matters
especially for resumes schools are also
looking at what you're doing outside of
school so if you just have good grades
you don't necessarily have that much to
offer just this not all this do you have
any good song suggestions get another
personal one but I'm giving my opinion
as you know by now I've released a
compilation album called crown it's a
little project I've been working on for
a while and it supports a lot of cool
artists that a lot people don't know
about so yeah link will be below so my
best friend was diagnosed with
depression
any advice for cheering her up the best
thing you can do for someone who is
feeling down or depressed is to just be
there for them be their best friend be
there to talk either to hang out just be
there and that's really all you can do
you have any advice for people who want
to start a YouTube channel I bye
to simply just do it I'm literally doing
it right now during this therapy session
easy if you want to do something stop
thinking about it and just do it and
once you get yourself to do it just
enjoy it
that both that how do you deal with
insecurities this is a tough one I think
the best thing you can do with
insecurities is to just accept them so
whatever is that you're insecure about
yourself just you need to accept that
that is part of you that is you and if
you accept it and work it and own it
that's the best thing you can do be you
love being you flaws and all how do you
get over someone who just doesn't care
about you anymore again this may not be
something you want to hear but you just
kinda gotta do it if there's someone in
your life that doesn't care about you
you don't want them in your life they
don't deserve to have you in their life
surround yourself with people that do
care about you and I guess just move on
okay please tell me where do you find
inspiration for creative projects easy
all around you I find inspiration in
everyday life and the shower on runs on
a bus when I'm out to eat when I'm at a
friend's house the best thing about
inspiration is that it's everywhere you
just got to look a little harder how do
you make new friends I think the best
thing to do to make new friends is just
to get yourself out there go to eat with
that friend of a friend go to that party
you don't necessarily want to and just
talk to people it can be really really
hard I'm not gonna lie but once you get
yourself to do it you'll feel so much
better you just really need to step out
of your comfort zone so I meant to be
doing some rather important homework but
I keep requested ating how do I not do
that this used to happen to me all the
time and still does give yourself things
to look forward to so when you're
working on something give yourself a
reward for working on it for a certain
period of time
oh I've worked on this homework for an
hour that means I get to watch 2 YouTube
videos oh I've been editing this video
for 3 hours now I get to go out to
dinner with friends that always really
helps me
good luck ok that's all I've got that's
it perfect thank you so much for the
advice is really helped but I gotta go
so have a good day have a good day well
that was fun so I hope you guys enjoyed
sitting in on my little therapy session
if you did enjoy this type of video make
sure but a big thumbs up wanted to try a
little different approach also going
along with the advice topic I want to
quickly talk about audible so I figured
for this type of video I'm gonna give
you the best book to solve all your
problems and that is graces guide book
if you did not know my friend and fellow
youtuber grace Helbig released a book
it's called Grace's guide book the guide
to pretending to be a grown-up and it's
all audible so you should really go
listen to it I have it and it's so so
funny and so good
I figure it'll help you with any
problems that you have audible is the
leading provider of audiobooks with over
150,000 different titles and you go to
audible.com slash Connor click sign up
you get one free book so again I
recommend Grace's guide book because it
is amazing and you can get a free copy
if you use agua con Connor links but lo
read a book okay but that is officially
it for this week's video I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure the big
thumbs up leave a comment below click
subscribe soon it got super dark but it
was kind of a dark video so I think it's
okay bye
