rude hmm this doesn't you don't get get
on hey what's up you guys so today I'm
here with Miranda Miranda your new BAE
it's my new bait shop that it was a good
luck charm she's supposed to catch it
and eat it
you want very very spicy very spicy so
yes so today I'm here with Miranda sings
and we decided that we wanted to film if
we clap for you guys so I know that
Miranda is the queen of relationship I
am The Queen I have lots of BAE's sure
lots of boyfriends you're my newest I'm
very excited about this relationship I
feel like a collectible to be honest
well you kind of are I'm doing joint
Graceffa I guess huh Tyler Oakley with
Dylan John 20 TV Pula Mohan theny Alfie
deyes
the list goes on and all very popular
girl very popular so going on with that
we thought we would tell you some ways
to get your crush to like you because I
got mine to like me yes I got mine to
like me so we're at spots yeah we know
what we're talking about listen to us
you're touching me chuckles you call my
kids very good not some of your hairs in
my mouth okay so we thought it would be
best to tell you all these tips to
getting your crush to like you in five
simple quick easy steps here we go oh
you hit me step number one make sure you
look good cuz it gotta look good in
French if you want your crush to like
you I always look really attractive I
was lawfully saying my hair is always
nice we both dress really conservatively
is cutie so I like your kitten thank you
I love my kitten so we've already got
this one down spicy one Mary
very spicy down delectable so you want
me to lick it but what cats do when you
love you a cat they lick each other's
wounds corner step number two find out
where your crush likes I'd like it too
because that's how you get people to
like you
yeah you lie and say you like the same
so for example I love squeaky things so
I love squishy things I do not like
spicy things I like spicy no you don't
were supposed to like the same what
about broccoli
I don't like boggling I do like your you
don't like bumbum
yes we don't like football together this
is why we're the perfect go off a couple
perfect broccoli and football are you
kidding me no one even likes that you
love you Bay step number three bring
some go send them a flirty video scandle
I'm really good at this one I always am
sending a sexy video you're not sending
them to me yes I am are you kidding me I
just sended you one so everyone loves to
receive a good flirty video and
personally I like to send this on the
Skype quick out what about you me to my
love sanic wink
I got an inch so my favorite part about
sky quick is that there are no logins no
usernames no passwords because I would
forget all that stuff you just use each
other's phone numbers
mm-hmm I got your number bang so if I
send you something that's inappropriate
I can delete it
oh good I don't want to see any that
maybe sometimes I do I think sometimes I
do since it came off I don't want them
to know
than me whatever you want babe hmm a
challenge I'm gonna send you a message
hello BAE I love you so much you're so
beautiful in the world thank you
is this for me yeah sent I just got a
message from Connor I'm not I'm not
terribly saying about here
don't touch so after you do a bit of
flirting that leads us to step number
four make them a present because
everyone looks better
I love magazine would you get me any
more everything the best present you can
give your crush is you need to combine
everything you like into one thing I
suggest making a card just putting stuff
on it oh that's a good idea simple
candies soon broccoli rock no mom here's
mystery light good thing it's not
flickering give me a seizure a shoe
wouldn't even as a hair on it
my favorite kind of shoe cantaloupe it's
from the best step number five darling
thank you you prepared this whole time
to make yourself perfect for your Bey
now I gotta show up at their door and
show them you love them right yes I love
this stamp show up unexpectedly it's
like when you showed up at my house last
week yes I did and I tried on your
clothes
yup yes her eyes aren't very tantalizing
thank you after you show up they're
gonna be super impressed because putting
all that effort and you guys are fall in
love and get married on the pavilion but
I'm sure forever laughs with no other
base I'm the bay
well no I'm your only bank but I have
lots of banks that work yes it is
agree to disagree so there you go
everybody that is fine ways for you to
get your crush to like you back it's
perfect I hope it works it'll work like
a charm it definitely will closer
mmm got me her very legitimate steps I'm
certified Miranda's even more certified
that's why she has all her bed
yes it's true follow it live it like it
oh wait subscribe for more
okay rolling back to step three well in
that portion we mentioned Skype quick
and that is her new favorite app Skype
quick is from the creators of Skype and
it's basically a video messaging app
that you can send videos to your friends
and have a conversation so it's easy
because you get to share videos with
your friends at you to laugh and chat in
a nice group messaging you send videos
back and forth one of your friends I'm
sending them to random this clip it's
really good I love this one from you a
couple of the year and if you don't want
to delete the message right away it'll
delete by itself in just two weeks
that's amazing saving the environment
saving the room on your phone another
cool feature is that if you like filming
yourself you can also flip it and film
something in front of you like your toes
or the doors with a cat or the coffee
though I know you like your coffee like
I like my women mmm cotton spine see the
little bass cinnamon on top another cool
function is that you can core these
twelve quick videos and they're
pre-recorded messages that you can send
whatever you want it's a high go by
give me alone I just had a poop yeah
that's a good one something I want you
all the time I love it so if you
yourself want to download the Skype
quick app click the link below and the
special thing if you download it and
send a special video message you get a
special amazing prize involving us
involving the two of us I'm around
random mini okay but that's it
19 stupid to me I still have your arm
hair in my mouth I got your lipstick on
my arm true love so guys if you did
enjoy this video make sure but a big
thumbs up and leave a comment below what
is your best tip for getting your crush
to like you back we want to know also we
did a video on Miranda's channel what do
we do bread well you know I just talked
about my new BAE and I talked about how
you can keep the spite self in your
relationships
everyone needs a good fights in their
relationship
really gone go check it out let's check
it out give it a thumbs up subscribe if
you've never subscribed to Miranda
because are you kidding
gimme you butter me subscribe to both
the months if you're not one name minik
are you doing rude hmm this doesn't you
don't get on ok that's it so make sure
this video big thumbs up leave a comment
click subscribe done
