what's your real name hi my name is
Connor Franta do you have any nicknames
a lot of people tend to shorten my name
just to calm how old are you I am 22
years old what's your birthday I was
born on September 12 1992 where do you
live I currently live in Los Angeles
California but I'm originally from LA
Crescent Minnesota how tall are you 5 8
5 9 on a good day what's your favorite
color
I like maroon and I like dark grey do
you have any siblings I do I have an
older brother older sister and younger
brother do you have any pets I do have
two cats back home but unfortunately I
have no pets here what's your favorite
kind of food cereal any kind anytime
anywhere what do you do for a living I
create videos images graphics idioms you
name it what type of camera do you use I
use my Canon t3i for videos and my
iPhone 6 for photos what type of editing
software to use I typically use Final
Cut Pro X Photoshop and after life
what's your favorite genre of music I'm
really into alternative and pop where do
you buy all your clothes I simply shop
at All Saints Urban Outfitters and top
man but I'll wear pretty much anything
the label doesn't matter what's your
favorite social media website I honestly
like them all for their individual
reasons but Instagram is probably my
favorite do you have any tattoos and
piercings nope at the moment I have none
do you collect anything I actually do I
collect movie tickets are you religious
now particularly with anything I'm more
of a spiritual person what's your
favorite quote do what you love and love
what you do what's your ultimate goal in
life
to create succeed influence and
ultimately put out something good into
the world
