oh don't mind me a little bit of
light lifting over here
you know jacked whatever hey what's up
you guys so something that's always on
my mind is my health I literally think
about it almost every day no scratch
that definitely think about it every day
I don't know if that's a good thing but
it's true I also don't know that's a bad
thing I don't know and like nine times
out of ten I'm not happy with it what I
gained a pound
I had salad yesterday ripoff
Oh struggle over my many years in
existence basically what I've learned is
being healthy is really hard it's really
really hard at the time when I wake up I
think to myself today's the day the day
I'm gonna eat well I'm gonna be healthy
I'm gonna exercise this is my new
beginning but then I fall back to sleep
and forget about the whole things and
when I do actually get myself to
exercise I'm quite naive and I expect
like immediate results oh just went for
a little run you know because I do that
so if you now please excuse me I'm gonna
go look at my new six-pack if there's a
way for instant ABS somebody speak up
now they say a lot of us a lot of
trouble and a lot of crying ourselves to
sleep yeah but in all honesty exercise
is not the hardest part about being
healthy for me when I do get myself to
exercise I enjoy it it's not like oh I
hate doing this I'm running you gross I
oddly enjoy it but the most difficult
part about being healthy for me is
eating eating healthy is so difficult
especially for me because I live in Los
Angeles and every food option is just a
couple blocks away just right down the
street here go ahead think of your
favorite fast-food restaurant I can wait
I can walk to that and it's so delicious
is right there I'm number five please
extra fries I want to come down to it
I'm just too lazy to go buy healthy
foods prepare yourselves make it stop or
even make it myself it takes time
patience and in my case a lot of
insurance yep I have none of that I just
want a magical way for healthy snacks to
appear right on my doorstep that too
much to ask for huh I want to do that
could be
okay all jokes aside I really do try to
live a healthy lifestyle whether it's
physical mental emotional health is very
important and the best advice I can give
to any of you who are trying to live a
healthier lifestyle one get a good
night's rest don't stay up too late and
don't sleep in too much to start your
day off with physical activity and I
know that's easier said than done but
for me my day is a hundred times better
if I can just get my butt out of my bed
and go for a quick little jog I feel fit
refreshed and ready for the day
and number three stay away from
processed foods if the ingredients list
on whatever you're eating is longer than
the terms and conditions you checked but
didn't read to make your youtube account
you probably shouldn't put in your body
and that's all I gotta say okay but
backtracking just a little bit if you
notice the sacks on my doorstep they're
from a company called nature box and
I've seen a lot of my youtube friends
talk about nature box so I want to get
in on it first of all I'm literally
obsessed with that two words Brie snacks
I got your attention keep listening
nature box is the best because they
provide you with delicious but healthy
snacks that you do not have to feel
guilty about eating their snacks have
zero artificial flavors colors
sweeteners dear grams of trans fat no
high fructose corn syrup all which are
horrible for you really really bad my
personal favorite snacks that I got are
the dried mangoes so pumpkin spice nom
noms and last but not least the freakin
guacamole bites and they're all so good
be yourself with like a trial box and
get five snacks totally free like the
link in the downbar and go to
naturebox.com/tyler it's free and the
snacks are delicious so again that's
nature box complex Connor enjoy and
you're welcome but okay you guys so
that's it for this week's video I hope
you learned a little bit more about
being healthy so if you did enjoy this
video make sure to big thumbs up leave a
comment below check out my social sites
click Subscribe
it's really heavy
