location location new location hi guys
welcome to my bedroom hey what's up you
guys for some reason I really felt like
filming in a different location this
week and my room has like hella good
lighting so why not but anyways so a
couple months ago I did a video where I
reacted to my old facebook profile
pictures and let me tell you is a row or
bolt if you haven't seen that video you
can watch it right there my long hair I
think I'm okay and you guys really
really enjoyed that video it has a two
hundred thousand likes and like two
million views huh apparently fetus color
is very popular on the internet what can
you do
I'm also not wearing any shoes you can't
see that look there they are what casual
video oh yeah so all that note I decided
this week that I want to react to my old
Instagram photos I have like 1,300
Instagram photos so there's just there's
just a lot of material there and I've
had Instagram for years oh I have no
idea what's on there not a clue yeah I
put it off long enough let's do this
over here's the photo can be right there
yeah okay I'm not just realizing that
I'm have to scroll through my Instagram
feed until I get to my first photo
there's over 1,300 ok here we go and
we're there that only took like 10
minutes and the first photo is a picture
of a caribou smoothie very interesting
oh my god okay so I'm remembering I had
my Instagram deleted well apparently was
the lead
109 weeks ago after the photos house and
it was the lead for no reason and I
remember losing like a couple hundred
photos or something I guess we'll never
know what my person photo was probably a
good thing but yeah smoothly from
Caribou very cool Connor oh my god the
first selfie look at lambeau hair oh my
god
I'm doing that whole like puppy-dog eyes
things like get over yourself now we
have to discover looking to a light very
dramatic like what get that Nike drama
see I'm sporty there's the proof tastes
like tortilla chips what is this like
really what is this there's like 20
filters on this photo and can you tell
what it is high angle high saturation
stars and like whites and Thummim bears
to be me smile great caption and I think
I was cool captioning this photo tres
there's three photos
there's too much material on my page I'm
just gonna skip around until an Apple
fanboy nothing's changed aha
family photo we're missing two brothers
but you know still family photo cute and
douchebaggery is here yes oh there we go
Connor
show off those ABS but really show off
those bad I work hard for those ABS fun
back I'm pretty sure this picture has
like a hundred thousand notes on tumblr
I'm tumblr famous what what up what up
goals literal goals
I hate me college friends god I miss
them a kitty oh oh what was his name two
of the kids on my floor found a cat and
had him in their dorm room for a year
was his name she still pop because I was
away a long story person's name the
cat's name was Philpott all the memories
I need a cat so badly and so alone
Connor stop the freaking filters god
damn it my captions oh my god my caption
death oh that's when I got a peel box
for the first time you guys literally
set me so much candy no wonder the ABS
still aren't there need a workout uh
he's in a shoe
dad snap that go here's where the
frantic Rafi began
that's a cool picture job has Connor
more frantic Rafi more frantic Rafi
oh look nipples just nipples I really
didn't like shirts back button okay I'm
getting a little bit bored let's find
something cool oh this is when I started
making merch for the first time like I
think this is where my love for design
came into play I've come so far haven't
even changed artsy photos design cats
nudity I'm still me
okay calm down Nintendo 64 and a kitten
what else do you need in life and now my
iconic green eyes that's what I bought
it but for the first time and I realized
that I had like a macro function those
going up to everything and looking at
all closed up
that's my arms everything linked more
shirtless photos sexual Sunday life I
find that so funny
nope no Jesus just shirtless photos my
disgrace this is where the quiff game
began I remember this day this is the
first day that I was like maybe I'm
gonna try and not do the Justin Bieber
Scooby air so I pushed my mop up and
quit football those needs a lot of work
but it'll get there and it will be
strong Oh stammers machine wind with the
quiff came brought the beanie game 96 a
weeks ago should wear beanies again I
want winter I want to wear beanies and
sweaters again
hurry up seasons god I miss mr. P I love
mr. dramatic selfie bearing selfie
overexcited selfie hat smirk selfie I
just need to stop being obsessed with
myself learn the tree so upside-down
okay that's actually pretty cool
not gonna lie what up
okay I just need to know I just need to
calm down calm down
who did I think I was some sort of model
news flash I'm like five eight not gonna
happen I'm done with me I'm just done
with me I find a very tragic that I'll
never be able to see my first Instagram
Steven account getting deleted it wasn't
my fault
what a nice trip down memory lane that
was only from like two years ago though
so there's that old huh Hill taking
selfies but okay so hope you guys
enjoyed that little walk down memory
lane that this whole entire video was
about Instagram I feel like you should
go over there and follow me Instagram
thanks below legitimately though
instagrams probably one of my favorite
websites I know it sounds stupid but I
like to take photos I think it's fun and
let the fake photographer hipster
comments begin but yeah so if you guys
enjoy this video make sure with a big
thumbs up also leave a comment below
what is your first Instagram photo now
you guys are gonna have to go look at
yours too also tweet it to me yeah
that'd be fun but yeah that's pretty
much it I hope you're having a lovely
week but also my charity campaign is
almost done and we're trying to get to a
quarter million dollars so please go
donate what you can down below prize oh
cop says Connor Frye's yo commish Connor
rising a cop / Connor anything helps
then that make sure this video a big
thumbs up leave a comment below check
all my social media up sites click
Subscribe
sitting like that hurts your back I
think I'm just going to lay here and
take a nap now good night
