you know it's time for a little honesty
our hey what's up you guys so last week
I gave you a little look around my
apartment and this week I wanted to kind
of give you a little look around my mind
interesting way of phrasing things I
don't know I got a lot going on up there
and I just feel like spewing it spewing
saying leaking talking about I don't
know I just feel like blabbing what
happening what am i doing I don't know I
just feel like talking about all of it
on camera first of all I have never felt
older in my entire life granted I am
technically older we're all dying if you
realize this we're all dying slowly
bringing crazy
whoever new science could be so cool you
want to know what I did yesterday I went
apartment shopping like I went shopping
to buy stuff for my place what an old
person thing to do today I literally
bought coasters and table mats whoa what
is wrong with me I mean they are pretty
cool but it's just I don't know just
know I'm too young for this speaking of
being young my body does the weirdest
things like up there I may think I'm old
but oh my god everything else is just
out of whack so awkward
my body is awkward like my voice still
cracks all the time I have to preference
it before I talk to anyone I'm like okay
just a little bit of a warning here
person I'm talking to my voice may crack
at every other word you just never know
it's just kind of like a weird thing it
does I think it runs in my family I
think it's hereditary
and there you and Terry I don't know
what I think it is I don't get it it
literally moved my table to have this
conversation with you you feel good
about that but although my voice is
prepubescent I feel like I'm kind of a
hairy person I was talking about this
with one of my friends the other week
and like we both have really hairy legs
very little and skinny and appearance
but like I can't get it up that high how
can I get I need a chair or an adult
these are really hairy awkward about
this I'm going back and going kabob and
I mentioned to say I didn't shave before
this video or even shower
like this is just a casual conversation
we're all friends here and you know I
also may have worn this outfit yesterday
don't judge me
we all do it it brand new I'm just
showing it off I also got these link
it's the other day are extremely soft I
wish you could feel this because this is
high quality very soft very French I
like it why isn't that an invention why
can't you guys actually feel this take a
feel what the fuck I bundle up for the
winter I'm ready to go time to go get a
DSL motherfuck you like Lenny Kravitz
uncanny so Halloween isn't like a month
and that's apparently a thing I love
fall like I love fall but when did it
happen so soon right at the summer go
out the door that's where it went and
yet somehow there's already Christmas
stuff in stores oh there's something
wrong with society that's it I'm moving
out it's yours you can have it I think
that was gonna be more yep you can't
even see my face I wanted to be like one
move and now a momentary break to give
you a Connor Franta play it update back
to you Connors we got one down four to
go
I wasn't kidding I wanted them a lot I
swear by tragedy no I hate nothing more
than a cluttered desk job ten points up
11 points negative declines you know I'm
just remembering that at one point I was
going to make this video about talking
about what is the point like what is the
point of life kind of change the topic
got a little more chaotic there was no
point to this video another time another
time I started doing that whole eating
the Telo at the spoon thing again the
other day I have no regrets
my mind is telling me yes my mom's
telling you no here we go what the full
of you and that's all that matters okay
hold up hold up hold up I think we need
to slow down the video
I've watched a couple things I'm wearing
this week giving some perspectives
giving some insight dr. Connors with the
comb is no question where I got my
degree it's real I swear in the recent
weeks a couple things I've learned
number one being alone sometimes
although scary is okay
a in fact it's pretty good number to
respect to something that is not easily
given but it can be easily taken away be
respectful and you will be respected
number three when it comes down to it
race gender sexual preference all things
aside we're all human and Raleigh bull
boy that got deep real quick you know
you never know what's gonna happen
you really don't that one's going on the
scrapbook just keep arcjet yep so uh
that's kind of what's going on up there
pretty chaotic don't just in one of
those moods a really really weird mood
you know this week I didn't feel like
doing a skit I didn't do a skit and
that's okay my channel do what I won't
I'm working on a lot of cool things that
will be coming up in the next few weeks
soon soon very very soon I know you guys
just love that word but yes so if you
did enjoy this video make sure the big
thumbs up leave a comment below check
all my social media websites click
subscribe to you that is not exactly
what I thought would happen in this
video but here we are I feel pretty good
