hmm looking very fancy today I like it
hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to another Monday video
so this week I decided to do something
just a little bit different ever since I
moved you guys have been asking cons
stop for me to do an apartment tour so I
thought it was finally time so a couple
weeks ago I had my friends from over at
youtube.com slash a fab like make over
my apartment and they did an amazing job
I could have never done what they have
done with my apartment and I am so happy
and it's beautiful and perfect and I
just love it and now I'm gonna share
with you guys let's take a little look
around my apartment shall we what hey
what's up you guys and welcome to my
apartment come on in okay so here's what
you see when you first walk in my place
looks pretty good and over to the left
you will see this big beautiful couch
which I use every day here's an armchair
with pink fur on it here's a little
photo of me and my family in Hawaii and
a bunch of pillows because I've recently
become obsessed with both candles and
this book for my favorite Instagrammer
and I'm kind of obsessed with this rug -
pretty soft pretty fluffy but it sheds a
lot so that sucks I keep my keys in this
little ear so I know where they are at
all times and open hi it's me moving on
to my entertainment center here we have
a globe because I'm obsessed with
traveling and next to that is this
really cool arrow - give it a second one
two three lights up ah and here we have
a plant that I hope probably kill
sometime in the next week will let's be
real here's my DVR my jam box for music
and
ps4 which I have not used and below that
I keep all my shoes so they're kind of
out of the way and hidden so many all
the shoes
where are my moccasins there they are
look at them thumbs up yeah this is my
focus base backpack which is really cool
really sick and I love it and finally
the TV which I actually just started
using who knew this is the stand for
beverages and snacks then up here we
have my YouTube play button for 1
million woo thanks again for that moving
up is this really big mountain mirror
that opens up the room and it's perfect
and this is where I eat my food oh yeah
the cool little Shannon we're looking at
spark some candles that I'm probably
never gonna use could ever ruin the
table and this cool rug that I'm totally
obsessed with - those cool tribal
patterns look at the patterns and here
we have a frickin tree in my dining room
the heck water me I need the reminder
trust me panning down we have the bar
area this gallery wall is filled with a
gold frickin antelope and a moon which
is a clock that glows the dark here are
some more drinks supply things and look
at those straws
fresh to death followed by my favorite
birthday present that probably I've ever
gotten now I just need some more records
and here we have some wine I like wine
very delicious this is my little
bookshelf filled with all sorts of
little treasures anything from a
Polaroid just on my favorite books to a
fake plant to a timer more books here we
have some glass bottles my vintage canon
camera more books geometric shapes of
plants that's gonna die and a clock and
moving on to my second favorite room of
the apartment here is the kitchen here
are some fun little cacti and notepad to
write down I'll never do my Keurig
my toaster some clean dishes and oven
for pizza making
and some supplies for coffee next to my
Minnesota shaped cutting board and my
Minnesota shaped magnet that I got from
my sister for my birthday also here are
some cookies again for my mom for
everything my mine and the refrigerator
is full of basically nothing a whole lot
of drinks I have no idea where all the
food goes and some cool hanging pots
moving down the hallway we have the
office slash guest room it's incredibly
empty at the moment I apologize pretty
much the only thing I have in this room
at the moment is my desk and on top of
it there are some lenses and we have my
iMac which I adore some things and stuff
and we got a light with my headphones on
and this is a photo I got from Hawaii
which I still need to hang oh hey me
walking down the hallway we have one of
the last rooms the bedroom this is where
I spend most my time sleeping here is
yet another candle next to my watch and
my wallet back to the bed honestly it is
so comfortable you have no freaking idea
but over in the corner is a pair of
dress shoes and an unpacked suitcase and
finally my closet which is cluttered and
messy so we're done looking at that
finally last but not least we have the
bathroom on the sink I keep my
toothbrush my shaver some soap and
another frickin candles is my medicine
cabinet full of a bunch of brand and
crap the shower slash bathtub and
finally the throne otherwise known as
the toilet and we're back so I hope you
guys enjoyed that little look around my
apartment I know I didn't show you much
of my office or my bedroom but they're
not done yet so I don't feel like I
control them to you they're not complete
doesn't make sense
but yeah once they're done maybe I'll do
like a full tour of each I don't really
know I guess I want to make sure you
guys even want that so if you do make
sure this video big thumbs up if it gets
to like 200,000 likes then I'm sure I'll
host it as soon as possible also in
general if you guys like videos like
this maybe I'll do more of them maybe
some more home style clothing favorites
videos all that stuff I mean on the
comments below and again huge shout out
to Marion Lea over at fab life they made
all this possible and they made a video
showing how they made it possible on
their channel so make sure to click the
link below go check it out give it a
thumbs up tell them I sent you and
subscribe there to absolutely adorable
human beings and just deserve it but you
know that's pretty much it I'll see you
guys next Monday if you enjoy this video
again make sure it a big thumbs up leave
a compromise just me and websites click
subscribe to bye
whoa
