ah the ladies for tramatic today whoa
hey what's up you guys
so the other day I realized oh my god I
haven't done a Q&A video in forever
prior to realizing that I was like oh my
god have you seen how much money we've
raised for the thirst project that much
probably more by now holy crap you guys
are amazing oh my god keep donating
you're doing so great I freaking out I
don't even what to say it's just amazing
and we've already almost reached our
goal like what the heck not many things
leave me speechless but this is
definitely one of those things so thank
you but back to the video you guys have
lots of questions and you demand answers
right now I'm gonna give you some of
them let's go how's life pretty good are
you reading this yes okay take your
shirt off no what is the exact thing you
do when you wake up check my phone and
you explain this I was that my friend
Zoey's apartment and she wanted to do my
makeup so I let her and I look beautiful
don't you think
hey yeah we were raising so much money
so fast how do you feel again I'm
speechless guys we're so close to
raising our goal for the thirst project
and it is absolutely amazing there are
still tons of cool prizes left there's
still some one-on-one Skype calls
there's still some Q&A questions
t-shirts posters everything so click the
link below and please go donate it means
so much to me hey you sure we're naked
maybe do you wash your hair or your body
first when you shower
oddly enough I think this is a very
interesting question I personally wash
my hair first but what do you guys do
body your hair leave it comes below
gotta keep this foot nice and clean
Conor what book should I listen to on
audible if you guys are not aware once a
month I recommend you as a new book to
listen to on audible.com slash Connor
it's really cool because I can recommend
you the book and if you sign up you get
a free copy so aka free book for you
pretty cool and this month I actually
have two recommendations so it's the new
iPhone coming out it made me really
think of Steve Jobs again but for all of
you that don't know Steve Jobs is
actually a huge inspiration to me he was
so creative and innovative so for number
one I'm gonna be recommending his book
and I want to also recommend another
book they can like help you with your
life and help you get through some
things so I was looking and I found that
one of the more popular books is called
eat loosely
kind of my life to be honest and it's
basically about how small choices can
lead to big changes Sophie they're those
books interest to you or if not they
have over 150,000 different other books
solo click the link below and download a
free book who doesn't love a good free
book go over to audible.com so come here
and download it oh look what's the worst
haircut you've ever had and don't say
your feet is hair because I loved it my
feet is hair good times good times
so to be honest I actually do have a
worst haircut so a year ago I went to
Hawaii with my family and I got a
haircut right before I went and I went
to this little salon just wanting to try
a new place it turns out it was some
sort of school and the kids there had
never cut peoples hair before yeah I let
some kid cut my hair that I'd never cut
hair before and it turned out really bad
and I hated it just hated it oh well do
you believe everything happens for a
reason I mean besides that haircut yeah
I really do how did you get the scar
you've got over your right eyebrow
sometimes it's hard to see in Lighting's
but I have a little bump right here on
my forehead so I got that one I was a
lot younger I was sleeping on my bed and
I rolled off my bed and hit my face on a
bookshelf you have the good times good
times
see you and me forever baby scar for
life I'm a hot mess
what's your lucky number two and I don't
know why when do you plan on getting a
cat I don't know I really want to get
one really really badly but I'm gone all
the time and the subject we should
hopefully really soon what color is your
friend or brown do you play any
instruments can we take a moment to
realize that this person asked that
question over 500 times damn that
dedication though wish I had a better
answer but I do not well 20 to you by
Taylor Swift be repeated all day when
you turn 22 you guys may hate me for
this response but I actually didn't
listen to that song once on my birthday
oops who is Connor and why do we think
he has all the answers 1 hi hit me - I
have no idea
ok you guys but that is it for the
questions so I hope I provided some
answers
at least some of the things you guys
have been wondering no promises though
and again I should I say quick thank you
to everyone who's been donating and
promoting for ICO compounder kaiser
DICOM / con drazi o'connor it means a
lot to me it's such a great cause if you
want to donate and be a part of it links
below but really that's about it and all
I got for you guys I hope you have a
good week I love you okay so if you
enjoyed this video and want more q and
A's make sure with a big thumbs up leave
a comment below check out my social
media websites click Subscribe
