hello world and my world I mean no one
because I have no subscribers
7/7 oh my god seven today is the seventh
anniversary of me creating my youtube
channel I'm almost 25 years old which
means that I have been on YouTube I've
been doing this thing for nearly a third
of my life that is a long time that's
super significant a third of my life as
soon as I realized that today was going
to be my seventh anniversary of my
youtube channel I immediately thought
how is the number seven significant to
everyone else how is the number seven
important in the universe and here's
what I found out there are seven days in
a week seven continents on the planet
centipedes on the planet seven stars of
the Big Dipper seven wonders in the
entire world and the dwarfs in Snow
White
seven books in the Harry Potter series
Seven Kingdoms in Game of Thrones
seven cents that are deadly is the seven
deadly sins what's in a box box seven
traditional colors in the rainbow
and seven spots on the average ladybug
found that one particularly interesting
I had no idea
six seven is big seven this big also one
of the more standout facts I found on
Google is that seven is considered to be
the luckiest number in the entire world
apparently this channel has over 400
videos just about 5 million 700 thousand
subscribers and just over 400 2 million
views you know I think that's definitely
true I feel lucky
I feel super lucky thank you if you've
been here since day one thank you if
this is the first video you ever
watching and when you thanks for
supporting and I love you and here's to
seven more years
