you thirsty good keep watching hey
what's up you guys and ah ah so today is
a very special day it is in fact my
birthday yay it's crazy this year is
just flown by
I can't believe September 12 so a year
weird but so as promised today I want to
talk to you guys about something that
I've been working on for months but have
been wanting to do for really years so
since it is my birthday I get the
question a lot Connor what do you want
for your birthday I get this question
family friends I get this question a lot
from you guys and I genuinely mean this
when I say I don't need anything I have
everything I need so instead this year
for my birthday I really wanted to do
something I wanted to get you guys
involved with me to do something special
for my birthday so starting today is
September 12th for the next month I am
starting a campaign to raise awareness
and money for the thirst project and I'm
super excited because I want to work
with the charity for the longest time
but I haven't been able to particularly
pick one that I thought applied to me or
one that I felt passionate about until I
found this one so before I talk about
some cool prizes us can win including a
trip to LA so keep listening I'm gonna
give you a quick little brief background
on the thirst project the fact that I
found crazy is that nearly a billion
people on this planet do not have access
to safe clean drinking water so me being
in my apartment I look over there
there's a sink I look over there there's
a bathtub I look over there there's a
refrigerator and they all have water in
them so for me and probably a lot of you
we don't think about how lucky we are to
have this access to something as simple
as water it's something so simple but we
need it to survive and a lot of people
don't have that so the crazy thing about
these people in Africa who do not have
access to clean water is that they need
to go walk anywhere up to eight hours to
get set water and the water they end up
going to get is contaminated it's dirty
and it's not safe to drink so they spent
all this time going to eat this water
that in turn harms them and while all
these men women and kids go to get this
water they're missing out on their
education and they're missing out on
jobs and in turn when they drink the
water they get a bunch of different
diseases and this is the reason why this
hit home for me so hard water is really
the starting point to fix all of these
issues
if you have access to clean drinking
water you can go to school you can get a
job that's huge and also you will not be
getting diseases from the dirty water
that you're going to collect diseases
that can actually kill you very quickly
and the other thing I found cool about
this is how every single one of us can
make a huge difference
by donating twenty five dollars you get
one person clean drinking water for
their entire life that's starting twenty
five dollars one time not every month
not every year one time I'll freaking
crazy is that I think that's insane that
only twenty five dollars can make such a
difference for another person and the
last cool thing I found about this
organization is that they are trying to
help people in Swaziland why then is a
country with a population of around 1.4
million and the thirst projects goal is
to try and give every single person in
that country
clean drinking water their goal is to
get an entire country clean drinking
water that's amazing that is genuinely
amazing and now to the campaign for this
campaign I will be working with pricey
Oh calm and I'm sure a lot of you know
it because Miley Cyrus One Direction
Tyler Oakley Jack and Finn Harries have
all worked with it so I have my own page
Friday Oh calm slash Connor Frye's do
that calm slash Connor
Razia calm slash Connor for the next
month remember that website and that is
where you can donate and be rewarded for
donating and that is my absolute
favorite part about prize EO because we
need to work together on this campaign
and you guys get some pretty cool stuff
so for a while now I've been working on
postcard t-shirt and poster designs
here's the postcard looks pretty cool
there's the t-shirt looks even cooler
and here's the poster looks the coolest
and I designed these all by myself just
for you guys so I hope you like I made
it a little bit more personal designing
it myself I'm thirsty for Connor Franta
what have I done by creating this oh my
god I'm imagining my parents donating to
this cause and getting that t-shirt and
wearing that t-shirt it's just a mess
why did I get myself into but also there
are a lot of other cool prizes video
shoutouts and thank-yous asking
questions in a video queue a blogging
camera signed mugs one-on-one Skype
calls with me and more but the biggest
prize of them all of them all are you
ready for this cuz I don't think you're
ready for this I think they're ready for
this give it to them one lucky donator
will be winning a trip for you and a
friend to Los Angeles to come meet me
me I get to meet one of you guys and
it's gonna be so fun cuz we get to go on
a coffee date together
oh my favorite coffee shop we're gonna
have lots of cover stations we're gonna
duck to fun things it's gonna be so fun
the cool part about the big prize is
that every five dollars you donate you
get entered in to win the big prize so
the more money you donate the more
chance you have winning the big prize
but also if you don't have a lot of
money to donate you can still be entered
to win well super fun super cool for
this campaign I decided to set the huge
goal of trying to raise 120 thousand
dollars and to even say that it makes me
super nervous because there's so much
money but I have faith in the Franta
family and I know we can do this I trust
and believe in each and every one of you
and the reason I picked this number is
because that it costs 12 thousand
dollars to build one well so if we
accomplish this goal we will have built
ten wells in swaziland as a family and
that my friends is amazing this whole
thing is amazing
I just think it's amazing you're amazing
we're all amazing and if you do want to
donate I'm gonna ask that you donate one
dollar for every year that I've been
born so twenty two dollars and backtrack
into a little fact I said earlier
twenty-five dollars gets one person
clean water for life so by donating a
dollar for every year that I've been
born you're pretty much giving a person
clean water for life and again that is
pretty frickin cool also if we manage to
hit this huge goal I myself will be
going to Swaziland to help build one of
these wells I'm gonna go there I'm gonna
film it I'm gonna post on social media
about it and I'm gonna show you guys
where your donations are going and what
they have created also I've been told
that if I want I can bring a couple
friends with me so leave a comment below
telling me who you want to see go with
me to Swaziland to build a well if we
reach this goal just casually go into
Africa also also it's a big part of this
I want to be more involved with you guys
this month so I'm gonna be doing live
streams every single Friday for the next
month starting today every single Friday
I'll be doing a broadcast on you now
link will be below they could be as
short as an hour but they can be as long
as five hours who knows it's just me fun
because I'm gonna be able to hang with
you guys and promote the cause and maybe
hang out with a few of my youtuber
friends during it can answer questions
do some challenges everything's gonna be
so fun but yes so that is it I hope I
hid everything because I was a lot of
information basically all you need to
know that it's my birthday and this is
the only thing I want
here I want to use my platform for
change and for something bigger than
myself and I want to connect more with
you guys and do this as the Franta
family so if you could do this it would
mean so much to me so again that's prise
yo calm stache Connor the link will be
below the link will be on the screen the
link will be pretty much everywhere go
over there read more about the campaign
check out all the prizes and donate
really easy all I needs a credit card or
a PayPal account I've done it myself
it's completely safe trust me so let's
do this everyone I'm super excited yeah
I think I've talked enough so make sure
this video a big thumbs up share it with
all your friends share it on your social
media websites share it with all your
family your cat your dog whatever I
think I tend to get around half a
million views in the first day so like
think of everyone donated a dollar think
of every one of my subscribers donated a
dollar that's crazy you listening to
this yes you can make a difference so go
donate I love you guys and again make
sure this video a big thumbs up leave a
comment below check out all my social
websites click Subscribe
thirsty
for change
