you know I'd be lying if I didn't say
I'm very excited to be filming this
video ah yeah gotcha hey what's up you
guys so recently I realized I tend to
tell a lot of lies
oh well well don't be so quick to judge
sir madam animal somehow figured out how
to work a computer I should clarify I
tend to tell a lot of white lies oh you
don't know what that means let's go over
to my good friend for a definition white
lies now a harmless or trivial lie
especially when told to avoid hurting
someone's feelings
Thanks fancy sup take some money you
filthy I told these little fibs to
others and sometimes myself even and
I've realized it a lot lately
I really have here's one when I'm in a
situation that I don't want to sound
stupid
where I don't know what a word means or
what someone's talking about I just
pretend and Kove along with it even
though I have no idea I really have no
idea
hey Connor oh hey so uh I was reading
this magazine the other day and I was
simply flabbergasted did he just call me
by their exploitation of kittens on page
47 how horrid same-same then I know
right what a shame I'm gonna write a
letter hmm what I don't want to be
perceived as someone that is very
unhealthy I don't want to be judged for
what I'm eating sometimes I lie about it
or 10 times healthy I'm not even close
eating a salad for lunch hashtag fit
hashtag healthy hashtag salad hashtag
green hashtag tweet now with leftover
pizza what I don't want to sound out of
touch or misinformed you know sometimes
I haven't heard the latest music or seen
the newest movie but I pretend that I
know what this person is talking about
even though again
I have no idea what's the point why am i
even lying about this oh yeah of course
I've seen that so so good
five stars read that practically wrote
it amazing uh heard that of course I've
heard that what do you think I live
under a rock it's so good what I don't
want to see him unprepared or not ready
I'd do this a lot when I'm playing to
meet up with someone and I'm running
late and I lie about running late I
don't even get it
Hey are you like on your way mm-hmm no
just getting in my car
uh-huh yeah left 20 minutes ago should
be there any second yep I'm like two two
blocks away be there any second you can
practically hear me ringing your
doorbell now uh yeah I'm leaving right
now
what I don't want to sound lazy
I'm usually planning to do something one
day but I get distracted by another
something and just all goes to okay
after I finish this episode of America's
Next Top Model I'm gonna be so
productive in ten minutes I will do this
Oh get it done and it would be done it's
gonna be amazing
Oh
you
and finally when I don't want to seem
ungrateful you know I'm talking about
with gifts if you don't like a gift you
can't say you don't like a gift I would
just make you a horrible person can't
have that so I like okay there's your
birthday present oh thanks I spent hours
and hours and hours and hours and hours
looking for it and I think it's
potentially the best present you've ever
gotten great no pressure there open it
open it open it open it I love it it
just what I wanted so soft perfect hey I
knew you'd love it
what are put myself in these situations
okay but to be honest telling a few
white lies is completely okay I tend to
only do it to avoid making a situation
bad or worse or cause negative energy in
some way I want to worry people or upset
them so I just lie and usually all works
out usually I'm not like condoning lying
but these little white lies they're okay
sometimes but don't get in the habit of
doing it to add cycle people a bad cycle
that can be pretty dangerous almost as
dangerous as this knife okay quick
sidenote slash little announcement I'm
going to be posting a video on this
channel this Friday September 12 my
birthday I have a big announcement
that's gonna involve you each and every
one of you you right there so get
prepared you're ready to take action
because it's happening this Friday
marking on your calendars you know
what's gonna be the weekend but no rest
for the weary am i right am i right can
I get a high five okay but other than
that if you guys enjoyed this video make
sure you put a big thumbs up leave a
comment below check out all my social
media sites click Subscribe bye
and I've realized it a lot lately what
the quiz that
