hey what's up you guys and for all of
you that do not know I'm now living
alone I moved out of my old house I
decide to put on my big book pants
decided to move out on my own yeah big
decisions big decisions right wrong I
don't know one of the funniest things
though is what happens when I tell
people I'm now living alone people tend
to say one of two things either say this
oh wow how exciting your first place all
to yourself I'm so happy for you or on
the flip side they're like this whoa
you've never lived alone before it's so
scary that's terrifying I can never do
that I would just die die from
loneliness thanks for the encouragement
friend always knew I could count on you
and put some personally I do not see
what the big deal is living alone oops I
mean like sure things happen all the
time that freaked me out
not gonna lie here all the time
literally all the time a demon a ghost
or worse a human hello I didn't put that
there
who put that there it wasn't me and if
it wasn't me was it
yeah hearing noises seeing things move
all that's terrifying but the one thing
that scares me the most how much I talk
to myself and how many full-on
conversations I seem to have with me
just me half the time I can't even tell
if I'm talking or thinking to myself
myself a person my two people I don't
know I'm really bored I am I am really
bored watch TV and cuddle a pillow
sounds good to me
yay let's go friend and yes again those
things are scary and those are the bad
things but there's plenty of good things
like the absolute best part about living
alone is that everything and
everything is yours it's all mine money
my everything and this apartment is mine
mine mine mine mine mine but it could be
yours mine mine me mine mine mine mine
mine mine mine mine
but yes regardless of all that good and
bad stuff living alone is a pretty big
decision for someone to make in their
life it's a big step it shows that you
were growing up and you want to take
that next independent step into
adulthood which is really scary that's
pretty scary I don't consider myself at
all I'm like 12 still I'm then literally
a fetus my appearance and everything on
the inside all fetus in here investor
like whip and yes living alone means
that sometimes you are going to be alone
and that's okay personally I'm very
excited to use all of that alone time to
like find myself and figure myself out
how do I take I may be 21 years old but
that does not mean I figured out who I
am or what I want to do with my life and
you know what that is perfectly okay
because now that I live alone I can do
all of that naked and no one can stop me
no one but yes so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
little quick announcement just put this
bad boy up in my merch store that's
pretty cool if you want to get hit or
anything else I have average store click
the link down below tweet me your pics I
want to see you wearing or repin my
merch but other than that I'll see you
guys next Monday so if you enjoyed this
video make sure the big thumbs up leave
a comment below check out all my social
media websites click Subscribe
the magic of filming and taking on rock
my clothes
