I'm literally a punk hey what's up you
guys so today let's try that again
hey what's up you guys so today I'm here
with Joey Joey hi there
you've been on my channel so many times
yeah I'm like badass Joey then I know
nice neck tattoo thanks for shadowing
what we're going to be doing but yeah so
Joey I decided to do another collab and
so we had this great idea that we should
turn ourselves into punk edits yeah so
basically if you don't know a punk edit
is something you guys tend to make where
you like put tattoos and piercings and
getting sure hair color and all that
stuff so we did Joey's before this but
he took off a bunch of it so the you
guys have to still go watches right but
yeah we're just gonna kind of go for it
I'm gonna be a canvas and he's gonna pay
this I can't wait all right should we
get started
no and there's random like questions I'm
gonna ask him I don't know no it's just
screw things up right it's also very hot
I'm sweating I'm asking one question
what band sings the song I miss you is
it a simple plan B Taking Back Sunday or
C link 182 I don't even remember the
choices but I'm gonna go with E nope it
was blink 182 you're wrong I wasn't done
my sentence
it was the link 22 so yeah I got that
right Oh link 22 I'll blink 122 times as
your answer Oh God pushing in on that
boss that bowl I know I could rip
anything I would like to point out that
on the back of these tattoos it says
they last for like a week a week oh yeah
look at that
we're so hardcore I know right you were
going to give me a face up to but you
didn't so I want a rose I am going to
give me like a rose to your draw for the
Z oh here they are
since Kizzy is a disease oh my god I
thought it was which rock bands saying
this well-known song I have the tiger oh
my god I have the Tigers you know tiger
you got it tiger buyout of the tiger
really no oh
haha
so come get this last a wheel I make
yeah like hot I don't like it that
you're taking a selfie per second no
smile you're ruining it
I'm an endo Connor I'm searching and I
hate everyone so you should my birth
certificate you have no proof who sings
sweet child of mine oh oh sweet child
sounds like a grandma huh
Oh beautiful oh he's right there
I wanted it up on my eye and you were
crying for a while can any of your next
car - where do you wanna scorpion on
your face
I want to sleeve listen I wanna sleep
listen name the two remaining people
from the Beatles who's alive Jonathan
what John no Jonathan Oh Jacob Ringo and
Paul through the questions hear the
questions
it's dripping she said - we also get
slit your throat so II very know but I'm
not becoming your friend I could
strangle good to know okay I'm gonna go
get the Triton hi
that's Ryan oh that is so hardcore
hey I'm showing my Chin's I am in
control I am the artist you are the
canvas like have you ever seen the
canvas paint itself no look at me
alright that annoys a cobra makes so
this is my favorite um elf liquid
eyeliner I want to be a big game at the
fun boy parts you know what I got home
alone to do this that's me oh my god ah
are you doing more I think I'm cool
don't cry I can't
yeah I can try to push it I can be like
move oh how nice heavy stuff on my face
you're the worst canvas I've ever worked
on rude we're a hundred house hurt like
the ' oh he's cute she's dead
my god I'm beautiful okay put on my
earrings working fine you're a mess
there's like an animal in your here what
is that ah is this been recording okay
I'm calling me I don't know who that is
gosh I'm not going the style like it
would just blog my sector so there we go
where the Pierson
carbon makes you want to throw up I like
it listen you have to get used to it
okay
why am I like this forever on my makeup
they're volcanic in there nice and gee
if this video goes for innuendo bingo
Oh Shh I look beautiful
I need more more to be like a sleeve a
sleeve you say there's children crying
outside your window she didn't care
anything I feel like not myself I think
you look good maybe I should have lips I
feel the punx my lipstick you need a lip
piercing I think is it the wrong way or
leave another looks stupid
I like you're like a super hardcore hmm
what's this dyes my hair what we
legitimately a dye our hair right now it
was really weird I can't decide if I
actually want tattoos and piercings
really I'm gonna go through a phase like
oh look at me I'm so hug oh my god not
done if you've had better hair I don't
know what color would that my hair to be
honest no I'm pink now I just want the
most bold color ever listen I want to
put a band down it's coming out really
good you're so punky oh my god
oh my god I hate myself you mean you
love yourself only on Tuesdays I'm
literally a pump we're done yeah give a
gun Oh
let's compare tattoos is this what
people tattoos do we compare tattoos I
so yeah well we did it I'm a punk okay
yes ha I think we do we do it justice I
don't know let me know the chemical oh
if you think we're good Punk's we also
give us a little thumbs good Instagram
photos since we found these on Twitter
and Instagram you actually go check out
Twitter and Instagram and follow us
while you're there makes total sense get
that promo follow us got it links below
mm-hmm but yeah also I punked over Joey
on his channel Dez what doesn't look
fully like it yet but trust me you're
gonna want to see it though click his
face go over there watch the video if
you're my people give it a thumbs up
subscribe to him all that stuff yeah
yeah I'm like the nicest punk ever are
we gonna tag anyone on your video to do
this oh we should tag people I want to
tag Tanya burr and Jim Chapman so we
will take covers could you imagine
Tanya oh well that's why I want to do it
I wanna you bumped on you're really bad
oh my god like chewing on my lip ring
but yeah so that's it so make sure big
thumbs up leave a comment below check
out our social media websites click
Subscribe bye
yeah look at that look oh my god I look
really cool Wow
