me-me-me look like cotton candy
can't even do it I'm gonna say we don't
have time
hey what's up you guys so today I'm here
with me look at you want this hey what's
up y'all hey what's going on are you
crying I'm so sad this is going so
horribly shit like a big clump so today
I'm here with no I start over
oh dude today I'm here with this idiot
hey y'all and welcome to my house my
channel yep
okay everybody so today we are going to
be doing a collab we haven't done a
collab in how long oh my gosh it's been
forever last time you made me play with
spiders and I still haven't forgiven you
I know you made me play very kill and I
think you the coffee yeah that's the one
yep
nothing's changed nope but today we are
going to be playing inspired by Hannah
Hart and jenna Marbles
dirty I love those flash that's
everybody today we are going to play
dirty sharing its with off cards ones
the cards against humanity' yeah you
idiot and cards with cards against
humanity' so we're gonna be playing
charades it's inspired by Jenna and
Hannah if you haven't seen the video is
great we're a mess already let's do it
let's just do it
we're not drinking we're literally not
like 2:00 in the afternoon
wait whoa before we start what are we
doing do we talk about audible yes we
can oh my gosh audibles just the best
you can listen to your first free book
if you use autumn that comes lash Wyatt
Connor of course oh boy I'm such Connor
what are you recommending this week I
learned I went to the movies and we saw
that the giver is in theaters yeah and I
remember that growing up it was like a
really good book and everything so now
it's a movie so I feel like I need to go
back right but like I don't see movies
unless I read the book first so you
don't go see The Giver today I was like
hey we're gonna read it first
or listen to inaudible I think you guys
should click link below go download a
copy of the kit for her and listen to it
cuz
it's really really good and if you don't
want that you can get whatever else you
want with the late cuz there's 150,000
different other titles billions of
titles so many so to use the link your
your first book free let's do a video
now can we let's go okay read a book
read the bomb I'm gonna be right here
hello
how dirty can I be my mom watches these
that's all very you could be eight
syllables eight words first in second
word sure King haha jerking off on an
airplane check it off in a bathroom
swimming ocean water cannon ball jump
off a diving board and jump into water
liquid water pool pool
short tight too short like a little kid
Oh child Oh what is this what is bad
child orphan your dear child bounce here
children's chairs orphan Sears jerking
off into a pool of children that's
literally it you're up
welcome to my phone today
okay this one's not like incredibly
dirty but it's funny eight words third
word song what what excuse me singing
yelling burping birds a little part the
first one thank uh surprise surprise for
a big old surprise bird close you can't
talk you big ol booty butt butt out of
your button burp oh you're about to burn
you think your motherf ER but then you
puke yeah yeah back to give birth but
you puke all over them yup got it a
table I ate off my stage you're staying
in town big mom that was a good one I'm
like sweating this is an exclusive look
at Tyler I don't know what's issue my
lovin chemist fella on camera are actual
argue it
were you not that's bad luck elevator
you're in an elevator you're waiting in
an elevator you pull you eating
microwave it's a microwave editing pulse
checking a pulse
you have clogged arteries my sword
dock dolphin why microwave and the way
part Micro Micro Micro yes kayak I'm
what I'm just doing this crawling tail
tail end Pig you're a pig
Micro pig are you bumping up to go into
the buzzer I'm bra oh no no wait
yeah yeah yeah get it yeah what is it
yeah it's a micro pig wearing a tiny
raincoat and booties wait hey what even
is that why don't you just pick
masturbation you would have gotten that
in one stroke it's oh my god I'm warm
bayern anal beads Tom Cruise I see no
difference okay
I don't know you jump nine but like I
said like a squatting turtle turtle you
can't talk you idiot oh oh man turtle
huh a tortoise biting turtle turnoff of
bites chomping snapping turtle bites
when a snapping turtle bites your dick
off erect dick or erection your tiny
arrest oh my god with a snapping turtle
circumcised is you just a tip of your
day I guess I'm gonna guessing I'm
terrible at acting Oh oh my god baby
ready word hi ugly everyday party yes
charting chart shitting farting sharding
a tiny part a short part a quiet part
first word time where what when how when
when when when when for me you you when
you fart on someone when you fart at
someone Jesus when you fart in Jesus
when you when you when you fart Plus
shadow uh your micro micro pig was just
small my vocabulary is so limited I mean
okay wait middle oh wait would you that
little yes I swear to God accessorize
mate you didn't
no no is it after a shit surprise when
you surprise when you're here when your
fart is here hello everybody
when you fart and and with a little I
just get so lightheaded did a little bit
come on seven words Oh crumbs we really
so when you find a whole bunch of comes
and you eat a closed no talking my video
I do it I want sorry
second rule six second rolls how many
seconds 30 seconds that's so long did 30
seconds anything that when crumbs fall
all over the floor floor ground carpet
if you can spill my god I know runs all
stuck in the carpet that's the worst
praying to God that the crumbs don't get
stopped praying to a little guy I bring
to a mouse God one God
got dang it god damn it yeah damn it
comes on look in the carpet God making
me spill my foods everywhere every crumb
there's crumbs everywhere
god damn carpet is there this yeah I got
it I know what I wanted you to get out
of the of it okay I'm in crumbs all over
the goddamn car with a goddamn carpet
goddamn carpet I can't do it why not you
can do anything your heart disease or
oprea well three words fact there's
three words scares me bar cold harka
arctic penguins jacket coat coated coat
second wire coat closet coat cover now
hanger coat hanger yeah oh god is going
but this goes to something with an a I'm
scared
abortion yeah I'm so glad I didn't have
to act out
oh my god thank you everybody for
watching that video I hope it didn't
offend anybody I'm at the same time I
don't really give a fuck oh my god
you've changed I really have speaking of
liking you should go check out the video
on Tyler's channel so on my channel we
did the whisper challenge because we
played it before with Joe sugg who
invented it and I was like you know what
you are so bad at this we need to do it
like the two of us I am the absolute
worst he might be the worst I am sick I
take the crown so but we didn't just do
that we did pickup lines we whispered
pickup lines to each other and had to
try to figure out what the other person
was saying so go watch that Leah's maze
quickly blow all that stuff I'm like
losing my voice oh my gosh Showtime hey
what I do cool video Conor make sure
this video a big thumbs up with a couple
Oh
how old all my fans I would just like to
excuse me excuse me this is the only fan
you have oh my god that is a hate crime
II
