today is just one of those days where my
hair never quite looks how I want it to
look
hey what's up you guys and it's only
been a week but it feels like it's been
an eternity how the heck are ya how do
we do this what is this what do we do i
hot what do i do what do i do things are
they going to be this close
should I be right here maybe I will
never even show my face oh yeah so as
you guys know I took last week off for
making videos and I really appreciate
that you guys allowed me to do that and
we're okay with that because I'm
spending time with my family back in
Minnesota and I just didn't feel like
making a video I felt like spending time
with them instead so excited that you
guys maybe like Connor for magic are you
why is it echoing why is it echoing
didn't expect that out yes so I'm
currently settling into my new apartment
and video on that later so just calm
down
all down the fairway because there's no
furniture in here beside that desk
there's me you're to look you can see it
there by this oh yes so since I missed
last week something amazing has happened
you guys I hit three million subscribers
on this channel so yes that is
SuperDuper exciting oh my god I feel
like I just hit 2 million I think it's 2
million
I'm really clogged yes I want to thank
you guys for that because of course none
of them to be possible without you guys
you watch my videos and you click that
button you've contributed this so thank
you but then it got me thinking oh my
god what am I gonna do for 3 million
subscribers for 1 million I jumped in a
pool naked go
for two million I jumped off a bridge
with my mom you know what I did tell us
what you did car wall tell himself for
three million subscribers I threw my
body out of a plane while it was moving
I went skydiving yes it just so happened
that of my friend's birthday so me Ali
my friend Douglas mi sister Nicola all
decided to go skydiving together my
girlfriend hurt oh my gosh ha ha and I
decided to record it roll clip it goin
yeah what do you think's going on man
you excited for this we're jumping on
the plane today I'm gonna be egg
hey what else go and say hello or
goodbye - before we go potentially
goodbye to everyone all right well good
we'll be in the back the one before when
I try to love it disappear your time can
you Jew is in here
that was the other thing I was nervous
about is if it actually flirting where
oh my god looking there falling
oh my god literally time
wasn't that fun I thought it was fun
look I even got a certificate to prove
it it was real there's no CGI in that
100% my body fall out of the plane deal
with it they even gave me a sticker to
promo game strong can we go back to the
part about me jumping out of a plane
like really I can't believe I did that
think about it you're throwing your body
out of a plane and you're trusting some
stranger to save your life I'm reckless
and unintelligent to me it really does
that was actually my second time
skydiving so intended twice but yeah so
thanks for 3 million subscribers in the
absolute world to me and I have so much
in store for you you have no idea
oh come on let's get it for a big group
hug come here come on the camera I
guess that is really it so if you did
enjoy this video and you are one of my 3
million subscribers make sure the big
thumbs up leave a comment below
follow me oh my
thank you everybody for watching thank
you for 3 million subscribers I love you
all 3 million holy crap 3 million man
I'm gonna be famous
