hey hey what's up you guys so as you
know I've been doing a lot of skits
lately but you know you guys are just
quite stubborn and a little persistent
and all you wanted was a Q&A this week
so without further ado I'm going to take
your questions and turn them into
answers let's go what have you been up
to moving what color is your underwear
tomorrow okay just hold it it's one
shade of grey what's your middle name
I've told you guys this before I'll say
it again this is the one thing I will
not tell you about me - stop asking if
you can live in an island with one item
from your fridge what would it be well
considering my fridge has nothing but
like half drank juices various
condiments and rotten food
I think I'm what Shore do you absolutely
hate doing growing up I always hated
dusting because what is the point what
is the point if you're an animal what
sound would you make it sounded a lot
better if I have Abdur yeah I don't know
I don't know I'm hungry saying who are
you thinking about now it's not a who
it's a what I'm thinking about food
Thanks previous question will you suck
my I hate this trend so much do you have
any merch take this opportunity for
promo do it I do mr. glad calm - Connor
great set thanks blue all the promo
what's your latest obsession okay this
one's easy my latest obsession is
Opinion Outpost first of all this
website is free to join but you get
money they give you money
I've already piqued your interest Connor
how did they do that basically a bunch
of research companies need your opinions
on different things like TV shows and
movies so you sign up and you give them
your opinions and they give you money
they have you're interested click link
down below and yeah just don't forget to
check your promotions tab in Gmail to
see more emails with the mail help ok
I'm teasin buy a bagel show up his front
door at 1 a.m. uninvited how much are
you proud of Troy so Bravo guys that
don't know one of my best friends Troye
Sivan just released his first EP TRX Yee
and it's on iTunes and it's amazing and
you should go download it and I'm really
really proud of them opinions on
drugs it's bad for you what are you most
value and your friends i value friends
who care if you were a mannequin what
pose would you may notice we're gonna
make me get up this that's the one what
is the most uncomfortable thing a fan
has ever done to you I don't know like
touch my butt or something it's kind of
awkward what is something you wish you
could be doing right now I'm traveling
with my friends it's one of my favorite
things to do how long can you do a
handstand for okay we're really gonna
make me get up again really like two
seconds Vegas and security probably a
little bump on my head or my third
nipple that kind of gets to me sometimes
what's the best part about your friend
I'm probably just that you guys are
always there for me do you crinkle or
fold your toilet paper okay let's be
real here who has time to fold I crinkle
crinkle is a funny word show me your
most constipated happy sad confused face
okay guys but that's it so hope I
answered some of your questions and I'm
sure you have a lot more so make sure to
leave them in the comments below other
than that I'll see you guys next Monday
so if you enjoyed this video make sure
to big thumbs up leave a comment below
click Subscribe follow me on social
I'm still snacking
