that'll make sense in a second hey
what's up you guys and now that I have
your attention okay I'm just gonna throw
this out there have you guys ever had
that pinch me punch me in the stomach
slap me in the face feeling immediately
I'm sure you're thinking woah woah woah
gonner calm down with violence can I
respond Thissen don't tell me what to do
ever Hey knives are fun yes so back to
that feeling I got that feeling that I
was trying to describe the other day at
my mom's birthday dinner me my family
route to you this nice restaurant and I
had this delicious like I'm talking the
best food you ever had it was lobster
linguine by the way yes I was in no way
expecting this food to be the best thing
I've ever eaten but when it was I was
just like oh my god this food is so
freakin good
like unimaginably good like so
unimaginable that I thought I was
dreaming and I want someone to slap me
so I make any sense I don't really know
but basically it just gave me that
feeling and I had to think of what are
some other things that I've done or that
I can do they give me that feeling and
here's what I came up with when you wake
up in the morning what seems like
minutes before your alarm is about to go
off you look at it and oh my god it's
still got a couple hours left
oh my god
just great it's just the best thing ever
when you're driving a vehicle if you
have a license and you happen to hit all
of the green lights all of them all of
the green lights the ones you just get
to keep going you don't have to stop
it's amazing ah okay here we go singing
it show oh I hit one oh I hit 203 oh my
gosh it when you're on the Twitter and
you happen to notice that someone that
you like a lot someone that you are
crushing on favorites your freaking
tweet this is real life this is
happening so bored I know I'm gonna
check my crushes favorites on Twitter oh
yes oh my god
I gotta tell someone when you order
something and you're waiting for it to
come in the mail and oh my god it came
early
it's can't okay that sounds really dirty
but I'm thinking about it oops
oh this is the mail Mail's here
go I wonder if my package came let's see
what side oh my god
I begin my you wanna you baby
oh when you pull a shirt fresh out of
the dryer and immediately put it on I'm
just covered in a blanket of loveliness
it just make me feel so warm and cuddly
needs a cuddle buddy when you have a
nice warm t-shirt okay actually take the
cuddle buddy I'm so alone
I'm so excited and finally when you come
home from a long long day and you're
just expecting to eat leftovers just to
hear that your mom or dad or roommate or
that annoying neighbor girl that won't
leave you the alone ordered you
pizza but yeah so those are some of the
times that I get that feeling aren't
even it I don't even know but yeah so
just quick little side note that I
thought of another thing that gives me
this feeling is when I'm listening to
like a really really good book like a
book that is absolutely hilarious that
is just just get to you that feeling it
gives you that feeling and it is that
time of the month not that time of the
month the time of the month where I
recommend you a new book on audible.com
slash so the book that I listened to
that started to give me that slap in the
face feeling is Tina Fey's Bossypants
first of all I love Tina Fey she's
pretty freaking hilarious and nearly
every single thing she ever does if you
look I can watch her paint a wall and
still be entertained but yes that book
is absolutely larious and I just started
listening to it so I think you guys
should listen along with me
so if you want a free copy of that book
just click the link below go to
audible.com slash Connor and download it
all you have to do is sign up and you
get a free book pretty good deal if you
don't like that one there's over 150,000
different other ones so you know pick
one there's a lot so yeah just go click
the link below go download a free book
and enjoy I'll say pants speed up book
another quick little announcement I just
put this up in my merch store but first
coffee literally my life literally my
life I figure I have a lot of different
clothing in my store so I want to put up
something different so yeah that
beautiful mug is out today and if you
want yours click link below and get them
before they're gone and just a little
fun fact to give anything for a merch
store make sure to tweet me pictures
because I'd love to show you guys love
for getting some of my stuff I want to
show you all the love but yeah that's it
so if you enjoyed this video make sure
to big
sup leave a comment below follow me on
all my social media websites click the
subscribe to I use knives a lot my video
Babu
