come here get out don't make me move
this chair you can't run away what is
going on look I got a cat I love you hey
what's up you guys it's Connor and this
week I've been thinking a lot about
comebacks have you ever been in an
argument a little bit of a tussle I bet
you've ever do we all have but yeah so
I'm sure all of you have been in some
sort of argument where you're bickering
back and forth with a person and it
comes to the point where you don't have
a comeback you look kind of stupid but
then a couple hours roll by and it's too
late but you know I can talk about
comebacks for hours so instead of
talking I'm just gonna show you roll
clip I'm bored
Shh skirts since when have you been into
soccer uh first of all it's football
second since like forever
I've always been an avid fan name five
players what you heard me name five
football players okay that's easy
there's well there's David Beckham
there's case closed shut up what close
like the door that's on your social life
captain does nothing every day at least
I have a budding hobby oh please besides
haven't you been like anti athletics
ever since well the incident
I want to be a football player today ha
loser
what at least I didn't throw up in front
of my ninth grade class doing a
PowerPoint presentation on Celine Dion
hey she's the voice of a generation my
heart will go on much unlike your
reputation jerk wannabe ho slut $5
prostitute Oh catepillar brows how dare
you hereditary stupid face stupid face
really that's all you can think of what
a great comeback okay well yours more
much better so let's just agree to
disagree on this one fine whatever
good well if you don't mind I'm gonna go
play the new Kim Kardashian iPhone game
now oh my god same totes
yahooza me yeah me me me me me me me me
god hahahaha
losers and by the way you're both
adopted
and that's all I got for this week's
video if you enjoyed it make sure with a
big thumbs up leave a comment below
check out all my social media websites
click subscribe to bye
