and what you think you see is a nice
clean room but guess what there's so
much clutter over here you have no idea
Oh me hey what's up you guys and welcome
back to another random little Monday
video so this week I'm just gonna jump
right into it I just felt like talking
to you guys there's been a lot of stuff
going on in my life left so far in the
past and the future up in my mind and I
just want to get it all out like I've
said before you guys are my personal
therapists and I just want to talk to
you about all the stuff that's going on
in my life whether you like it or not so
here we go first off it's summer check
that off your list which means it's hot
and it's sunny and it's just I'm
sweating all the time I'm one that likes
to wear sweaters or wear coats and I
can't do that right now our stroke
problems really this videos gonna be an
interesting one so as most of you guys
know I just got back from a month-long
tour i chilled around basically the
perimeter of the United States and went
to like 19 different cities two
countries okay okay went to Canada too
so I didn't it wasn't just the u.s. I
went to a bunch of states as I look we
stopped in them I put my foot down I was
like I have conquered this day - the
state is my bitch yep I did that most
importantly I get to meet tons of you
guys and put out a bunch of kick-ass
shows and what people seem to most ask
me about besides the actual tour its
offer like Connor how did you live on a
bus for three weeks and I'm like barely
barely alive dying here honestly it
really wasn't that bad with TVs we had
food we had Wi-Fi I mean it was pretty
good really it really wasn't bad we have
stopped at hotels sometimes you know
like if the worst part was the fact that
people just kind of randomly cluttered
the bus with
filth like my bedroom over there and
action was the best part was we got to
have like a lot of deep conversations
and I got to like accomplish a lot of
things before this to our I went on a
mission saying I am going to listen to a
bunch of books I have a list I have so
many books but I never get a chance to
listen to them and now I'm forced to
because I want to bus and what the heck
else am I gonna do and again as so most
of you know I listen to my books on
audible.com I give you guys the hook up
with audible.com slash Connor at one
book that I have been dying to listen to
that I recommended a long time ago is
seriously I'm kidding by Ellen DeGeneres
seriously I'm kidding it's my life I'm
telling you I finally listen to it and
it's so funny and it's everything to me
it's hilarious there's so many stories
it's weird there are some chapters with
a sentence it's just I just I don't I
don't even know but yeah so the best
part of all that was that I didn't have
to carry around all these heavy books I
could just gone to audible and pick from
one of 150,000 but my arms were not
built to carry things yeah so I really
recommend you guys listen to that book
but if you don't want to go over to
audible.com slash Connor and just
download a free one literally just click
the link below go to that website and
you get a free audiobook that easy if
you guys have any suggestions for me
leave them in the comments below because
I'm always looking for new books to
listen to go read a book but yeah so I
mean other than the tour I basically got
back and I had like less than 48 hours
to prepare for VidCon the biggest
youtuber convention in the world yay I
love VidCon I love everything that is
VidCon because VidCon is like what
inspires me to do what I do and I'm like
okay I am dead I need to find a way to
be alive right now
get it together Connor get it together
yeah from now being back from VidCon I
can just say oh my god great experience
meet-and-greets main stage events panels
just everything YouTube nerdiness
everything it was everything no idea I
met so many you guys I'm gonna hang out
with all my youtuber friends and order
room service and go cool parties okay
scratch that I didn't actually go to the
parties most of the times
me and my youtuber friends would just
sit in the bedroom okay that sounds
wrong most of the times me and my you to
her friends would just sit in the hotel
room and just like order room service
and listen to music and just talk and
just okay it sounds kind of boring to
you but it was fun to me
who needs parties and alcohol with
anything I just realized that these
events that I'm either the most social
person in the world or the most awkward
I'm either going up to everyone like hey
hi how are you doing I haven't seen you
forever or someone comes up to me and
I'm just like hi sometimes I'm the worst
type of human or just the most
misunderstood somewhere in between Who
am I really
but yes I've just long past couple
months I realized I just need to like
hibernate or something I just need like
a week straight of nothing of just like
sleeping gathering myself and tiring I
swear I'm not complaining okay I'm
complaining a little bit oh my god what
is this video that's all the past stuff
now for a little bit the future once I
revive myself and come back to life I
have so many plans I say this a lot but
honestly I'm truly truly excited from
this point on would be the first to say
it
creative wise I've been slacking a
little my videos sick truthfully I've
been slacking I know that and I'm very
excited to put more effort into my main
channel videos and just work hard at
them and do some cool skits and do some
cool hopefully charity videos and just
put out better content for you guys and
for myself really I mean I enjoyed these
videos too so I'm very excited to do
this and work on this and make this way
better don't know why I just did it like
that way better for the first time in a
while is that a frozen lyric for the
first time in a long time I don't have
any travel plans I don't have many
places I have to be and that's both
terrifying but also very exciting that
leaves so much me time and so much time
for me to figure out things and find
myself even more and just to focus
that's really really cool the more you
know tea I mean also location-wise this
house I'm in right now the lease is up
in a month so we kind of have to move
out so I've been looking at a lot of
apartments and that's really really fun
maybe you'll have roommates maybe I live
alone maybe I'll live with a fricken cat
for once oh my god please be a cat so
again new chapters change exciting I
really do it like it I'm really really
excited I've also found that I'm quite
obsessed with cracking my knuckles
lately and I haven't heard a study that
actually says it's a bad thing so don't
judge me I'm quite excited to be laying
this bed right now Wow
I'm not excited there isn't any food in
my house because I haven't lived here
for a month
woof but yes that is the life of me
Connor from the path
the present and the future I honestly
hope you're okay with me doing these
random little vlog videos because I find
them very relieving and fun if you'd
enjoy it make sure if it's a big thumbs
up hit the thumbs up button tell me if
you want more leave a comment below tell
me something you've been doing in your
past tell me something you're doing
right now and tell me something you're
looking forward to in the future but
until next Monday again click the thumbs
up leave a comment below follow me on
all my social media websites could
subscribe to bye I'm gonna show you the
mess oh my god
