oh wow there's a cacti right there that
I keep I hit it too I'm like actually
bleeding
are you bananas oh my god you can't
believe it there's that everyone can you
believe it's August it makes me want to
throw up
I am gagging at the thought it here and
you fear it graded the summer's almost
over a lot of things that happened and
you guys have a lot of questions I
figured let's see was simple sit down
Q&A you guys queue all a that honestly
still sounds dirty of queue you're a
sound why does it sound vile stay tuned
watch the whole video I'll be talking
about accidental text that one time I
met Lady Gaga when I was drunk
the boys music video YouTube drama and
yet so much more oh where is it yeah
is there anything you want to share with
us this picture of Rihanna you're
welcome have you ever accidentally sent
an embarrassing text to the wrong person
the first time I can remember was so
long ago this is going to reveal my age
she's elderly you can't believe it this
is back when I had like a flip phone I
was back when I had my first ever proper
first cell phone I was texting one of my
friends something shady about another
friend I'm not gonna recommend talking
 behind people's backs but you know
I was young I'm not even gonna pretend
that I don't do this sometimes now I'm
horrible either way I was talking
about someone behind their back and I
somehow you know like if someone's
talking to you about let's just say
eggplant and you're typing something out
you accidentally type eggplant I did a
version of that where we were talking
 about someone and somehow I went to
text that person to about
themselves and as soon as I had sentient
I realized what I had done and I tried
to cover it up but the person knew
obviously I was talking about them so
yeah
that was great good job me well any fall
fashion predictions three words
big-ass coats I'm talking orange puffy
to the ground not like literal ass coats
but honestly I'm kind of here for that
after download the ghost radar app and
see what happens
more of a demand than a question but I'm
a little bit afraid to do this but let's
go for it looks like it was made by a
five-year-old what do I do dress food
it's connected to my speaker that
understanding hello hey what are you
doing this is some type of what
TV show do you recommend Game of Thrones
it's so good if you are watching Game of
Thrones I it's just sad for you your
life is tragic the last episode was
unreal and amazing and I was screaming
but literally the audible gasps
shrieking perhaps I'm so nerdy with Game
of Thrones that I go to Game of Thrones
viewing parties so me and my friends get
together we watch each episode and the
last time we got together I brought
goblets I'm talking medieval chalices
for everyone to drink out of I'm so fun
to have it parties any new audible
recommendations as everyone knows I
frequently work with my friends over at
audible audible is the leading provider
of audiobooks with a ton of different
titles and this month I'm super happy to
recommend you guys almost adulting by my
good friend Arden Rose Arden is a
beautiful combination of intelligent and
charismatic and her book shows just that
there's lots of beautiful advice and
stories in the book but of course it's
presented in a fun way if you use the
link autumn about calm slash Connor you
get a free 30-day trial and with that
free 30-day trial I highly recommend you
download Arden's books a great service
and they've been a sponsor of mine for a
long time and I absolutely love them
again that's audible.com slash Connor
listen to was being in the boys music
video fund so this is a question I've
been getting a lot lately I've been
friends with Charlie for a while now and
one day she sent me a text asking me to
be in the video and of course I said yes
it was super fun I got on set we did my
makeup I got to pick my wings - the
wings that I wore in the music video
they were like three different options
and I was like give me the big gold ones
if you haven't seen that music good
error listen to the song I'll put the
links down below
I'm okay right now lift your chin up a
tiny bit tell us a drug story about you
this transitions perfectly from the last
question because this happened the first
time I ever met Charlie so the New York
and I was actually hanging with Charlie
and a bunch of her friends eventually we
found ourselves at this random dive bar
and long story short
eventually I realized that Lady Gaga was
also in stock bar
so naturally I freaked out internally
but also I didn't want to bother her so
I tried to not look at her as much as
possible but I was very drunk so I found
that especially difficult eventually
though Lady gaga walks over to our
little friend group and kind of jumps
into the middle of it and says can
someone take a picture of me and my
friend group for us I'm like honey this
is my job I do this give me your phone I
will do my best and then I took one
photo and her phone died but I still got
the one photo and she posted it on her
Instagram so that was pretty cool that
was one of the cooler things with ever
happened to me watch is trunk are there
ever moments when you feel like your
plate is full and you're in over your
head if so how do you deal with it every
other day of my life I am through and
through a perfectionist which means I
like to do things my way and on my own
time and I like to just again do things
myself because for some reason I
convinced myself that that's the best
way to do it is to take on everything in
my life by myself which tends to make me
frequently feel like I'm drowning in my
work and then I end up getting so
stressed that I have so much to do that
they do nothing I don't know if anyone
else does this but when there is so much
on my plate or I have so many things
going on
I shut down and I don't want to do any
of it it's almost daunting to begin the
long list of things so usually I'll
procrastinate for a really long time and
then I'll just get one of the things
done and it kind of starts this chain of
events where I finish everything on the
list it's not really advice sorry what
do you think about all this YouTube
drama I don't know if you mean YouTube
drama revolving around me personally or
other people and by other people I mean
vloggers that will go unnamed I guess
what people do in 2017 when there's
internet drama as they make a diss track
so
I guess I'll do that
ah people out here spread lies some fake
drama being petty
what am I gonna do just gonna ignore
coming the dog I'm tired or you know I
could just confront people offline and
not make personal drama public alright
sorry can you rate mice Quinton
I am dying squinted squeaky kittens
Quinton 1000 out of 10 squinting is
adorable oh my gosh what if that's like
a thing the kitten does regularly and
its real name is squinted I'm tearing my
face off when life gives you lemons what
do you do with them
you take the lemons you begin a lemonade
startup you grow your small business
into an empire you monopolize the
lemonade market and you retire young
there's no joke that's that's what I
would do
oh okay really sorry no free art okay
that's all I've got for you guys if you
enjoyed this little Chitty chatty Chitty
chatty know you enjoyed this little chat
make sure to click the thumbs up button
also leave a comment down below what's
your favorite thing you've done this
summer it's almost over
Sam so let's remember the good times but
that's pretty much all I got for you
guys I hope you're having a great week I
love you and I'll see you later
- good I could take a and
Technicolor
