hey Dube do welcome to this video let's
play go hey what's up you guys
so today I'm here with one of my best
friends Hannah Hart O Connor I want your
best friend Internet a way to make
people who are usually alone together
look at that and we are a little bit
tipsy right now because we just filmed a
video on Hannah's channel cuz if you
don't know Hannah does these things
where she gets a little intoxicated and
I cook because it's important to eat
every night every day in fact I
sometimes eat three times a day I love
food oh I love Vicki Connery Drake okay
well how do you funny one so it's very
legal very very okay and you seem very
capable and you're not driving no no no
and you're not doing a spelling bee here
anyway it you're really good with words
what a great segue true okay so I was
looking my friend Joe's channel and he
did a video called the language
challenge which is a current challenge
that we're having right now yes let's
see it's a challenge where I'm sober -
to be honest Lauren's are my specialty
basically what the language challenge is
we are going to go on I think Google
Translate and what are you gonna be born
Oh cute me every time I open up it some
like that that's not that what Jeff
Potter president of LaRocca Hannah Hart
calm there's some sort of rich person or
something buying a dot-com I'm just
saying I've been doing this for like
three years I'm intimidated
I mean Hannah Hart calm slash that
promo through Delphian trader video go
buy her book drinking water out of a
mason jar mason jar lamp this is YouTube
lighting right now everyone hey you can
- I mean this is kind of a good
thumbnail
I've got a bright idea so what's the
language challenges you go on google
translate you type in a random sentence
you pick a random language and the other
person has to guess what you're saying
and what language it's in I personally
think that this is a phenomenal
challenge and whoever thought of it is a
genius you're smart I bow down to you
way to do it dude I love you my bow
Jimmy I got one okay let's just start I
mean like there's no point let's just go
okay ready can we make a note quickly
Hannah is skilled in the art of language
in the fact that she knows a lot of
languages so she may be very good at
this and I may be very bad so let's just
I just thought I would note that
technically speaking before my youtube
career I was a translator what have I
got myself into I don't know 20 bucks
says I totally bombed this and you win I
want a piece of pizza because we have
pizza out there right now so why do we
do this I want to cheat but I can't
please don't okay ready I'm gonna do
this go no Sam ammos got churros Spanish
is it not Spanish it's similar to
Portuguese really yeah duh how did I
know that okay wait so say one more time
knows Amano's catch arrows they are I'm
saying it like we are we're friends I
don't know crack dancer we love hot dogs
oh my god I'm just amazed that there's a
word for hot dogs in Portuguese Amberson
taste I knew that was Portuguese I'm
gonna kill that is one point for me one
point quite earn big note about
competitions I'd always just want
everybody to win so we just think I've
ever heard anyone say boys like it is
great and my teammates are like they're
all the other day all right we're all
together
you're an angel I got a language that I
that means something to us okay Harry o
Gatto panada
ah me atha night day I'm gonna guess
it's Italian yep and I mean we were in
Italy together so I thought this would
be a connection we were in Italy
together and it was wonderful and that's
actually probably the only reason I
Italian mmm I say it's about a cat yep
and I'm probably butchering that
language and I apologize for any of my
Italian viewers but here we are the cat
is out at night I'll give it to you but
the cat walks at midnight
ha ha ha ha where did you think of that
sense ok next one here we go I just got
a text message from a flop you guys ever
just I can't like smelling your feet got
it keep me guessing saying nay
Amer Besser oh my god and thought it
would be nice but now I'm worried I
should do one hint one hint that's a new
rule I've decided you can ask her one
hit
what location of the portal is this yo
robot in America but in America
Messer best same you're my bestie it
gets better
ah it's it's get better in German that's
German
apparently let's assume now the computer
says it diamond my best huh like Swedish
to it
I'll call Germany right now what I
predicted I suck at this on my turn I
can do the typing things this is fun oh
we may hardware now got a ich Ovid Pizza
what is it German again no fish Ave
pizza mmm oh I'm a boy all my time I'm
so bad at the toy oh my gosh
I'm a pizza Oh game go I'll bet it's a
Hebrew no let's call up so let's go PF
then it's Russian no Slavic no Ukrainian
no your clothes
Turkish I've never been good to check if
you're really far away is it Turkish if
it's Romanian damn it some questions the
clothes that W are you from the American
public education system so then yes
maybe I want pizza so bad I've got pizza
on my mind
I've got pizza
and pizza man I do it for I do it for a
pepperoni whoa all right guys we're
hungry it's in the kitchen
how can you blame us okay your turn okay
hey how many even done too
so that was your third getting round
three Castle if the chicken is dancing
is it automatically the chicken dance
yes yes good to know
that's it I'm put okay hard or not hard
hard I'm going all out on this I learned
a lot about you just now
whoa ready yep here's Josh you're
ducking you
oh that's a Norwegian no mm think more I
Lindy make your Bjork
American school system going back to it
I'm an idiot
Cathy um can I have a use it in a
sentence can I'm pretending to be one of
those kind a spelling did you ever used
to watch those I used to watch those
that they were on like ESPN really they
were the funniest thing ironically ESPN
has spelled exactly how it sounds
wait I'm still holding the chicken he's
not repeating any we're feeling I don't
know I give up this is so fresh first of
all it's follow your heart so I was not
close Holly heart death in Icelandic oh
is that good good I said you harder easy
I did bjork bjork okay now I'll give you
a difficult yes yeah Bjork
I said hi Rick is the hardest language
on maybe I'm giving you props for being
able to pronounce that's so well oh it
won't work on future Jacques de PE the
words they slay me
nanana risk Oh or ms is too cheesy
no I gotta stock furrier oh there are us
mean is it Latin no that's probably so
bad is it Arabic no the huffman i'll
calls me the computer is talking easy
keeper it's talking dirty to me ok wait
let me ask geographic origin is it on
the continent of Africa let me go to my
great friend Google's yeah what's happen
haha it revolves on Jewish things but
it's not Hebrew
no is it Greek ok can I get some good
dish oh I'm a whore what he would be
that was robbed and you I don't know
what it means what I mean thanks for
being on my channel Oh beer divided red
rag mean hinder table do because that
was sweet well guys I don't know
everyone I don't think it was me I don't
think it was me so maybe you guys I
think it was the chicken I'm trying to
think of a really good bond right um oh
we really flew the coop on that one what
a hard-boiled situation this make sense
we're done yeah well I don't know what
this video was but I think was a whole
lot of great content thing but hey guys
if you enjoyed this video give it a big
thumbs up leave a comment below all that
stuff and we did film a video on
Hannah's channel and what are we making
what are we doing if you want to check
out more of me and Connor hanging out
click - earlier tonight we made clips
which are French there may or may not be
Nutella in thought but also you can go
over to his channel and subscribe and
everything she makes videos every week
and they're really good and really
different and I really love them so OH
Thank You Connor stop you have a great
channel you have a great face look like
if you think Connor has a great face
please don't make sure to click thumbs
up leave a comment below click subscribe
to you bye
great fire bad hey dude oh my god what a
great video
