there's a good chance that I didn't
shower before I took this video I guess
there are some things you guys just
don't need to know hey what the Piazza
Conor and you know it's already that
time of the month well actually not not
that time of the month but QA time of
the month okay so this week I decide to
ask you guys what you wanted me to film
and of course you said another QA you
guys just love the q and a's I don't
really know why I guess they're pretty
fun you get to learn more about me
actually usually I don't let you learn a
lot and there's sarcastic in these not
sorry about it okay just a little bit
sorry about it let's get to the
questions what was your favorite show
growing up okay so one of my favorite
shows growing up and one of my whole
family's favorite shows growing up with
Boy Meets World and actually one sec I
actually have these so fun fact one of
you guys actually knew that and you gave
me like four seasons of it getting cool
great show go watch it what hair color
do you think you could never pull off
like never ever ever to be honest
recently I really wanted to dye my hair
but I have no idea what color I actually
could pull off I can't picture myself
with anything but brown hair so I guess
what color do you think I should dye my
hair leave in the comments below
I don't know if I can do anything crazy
but maybe something darker or lighter I
don't know leave it alone
what are you most excited for about the
tour if you guys don't know I'm
currently on the US tour with my friends
MO - well it really I'm just excited to
travel with my friends and meet a bunch
of you guys and just have a really good
time I'm excited for the whole thing
it's gonna be fun you please take your
shirt off and keep it off with the rest
of the video have you measured it lately
let's bang okay moving on are you a
Shopaholic no that's ridiculous
destroy the evidence yeah kinda what are
you obsessed with okay so my current
obsession is Warby Parker
he has may have heard of it from a
couple of youtubers like my friend Tyler
Ricky or Hannah basically it's this
really cool website that has high
quality sunglasses and prescription
glasses personally I have 20/20 vision
but I love sunglasses and I'm always
looking for a new stylish pair but
normally sunglasses are really expensive
so it's nice that these are only 95
bucks very good deal personally my
favorite part is the free home trying
program it's really cool because you go
on their website you pick five pairs you
like they send you those pairs in this
box you try them on you pick one you
like you send them all back and then
we'll send you back the pair that you
like so it's really cool what I like
what the
I don't have to deal with people and I
also don't have to worry that the one
pair I get is gonna be really bad and
not fit let's try on three of my
favorite pairs so we got these and these
and finally these leave in the comments
below which one you like put this on
school to you I actually get you guys
the hookup you can head on over to Warby
Parker comm slash Connor and get free
three-day shipping cool sunglasses free
day shipping for Roberto calm slash
Connor can it get any better than this
what are some of the recent emojis
you've used these poop-poop
what's your favorite song at the moment
most recently I've been obsessed with
insane by flume I'm literally obsessed
like I actually jam way too hard to that
song in the car people probably look at
me like I'm crazy what else is new I
want to tell my Spotify go check it out
links below explain this puberty would
you rather sweat mayonnaise or puke
babies first of all you
second of all easy puke babies show us
the 10th photo on your camera roll
mm-hmm I doubt this is gonna be anything
exciting but I'll do it for you okay yep
nope is literally a picture of a bagel
and yogurt and coffee cool counter cool
who's your best internet friend they
know who they are
would you rather always have to say
everything on your mind or never speak
again easy I would always say everything
because who doesn't love an honest
person okay
immediately after saying that I realized
that me being honest maybe it could be
interesting yeah well you know someone
might cry but who cares whatever insert
question here insert answer here okay
that's enough questions as you can tell
the lighting definitely changed it
turned into just this light and the Sun
went down I procrastinated give me a
break I'm sorry okay if you did enjoy
this video want me to do more q and A's
make sure this video big thumbs up as
per usual even me more questions in the
comments below and I'll try to answer
them for you guys also make sure to
check my merch in the Donmar follow me
on my social media links click subscribe
see what are some of the recent what are
something through
