so there's literally no structure but
fix right we're just gonna we cought
magazine us yeah I'm the worst
collaborator ever hey what's up you guys
so this week I brought to you with
Maka's but LA I'm not either
oh yeah Marcus and I collabed what uh
happier six months ago sign like that
yeah it went down pretty well yeah it
may or may not be my most viewed video
so we film another baby yeah Marcus is
in LA for like three days and by the way
we're at Tyler's house because that's
where Marcus is staying anyone notices
random club back so we thought we better
collab cuz why not so we're gonna make a
diagnosis collab babies yeah that's what
I was gonna say oh cool what do we do
that's the fun thing because we don't
know what we're doing I thought it would
be fun i I thought it would be fun to
just buy magazines like there's these
teen magazines and just kind of read
through them what did the did the person
sending to you and you went in there I
was on the phone really pissed for
something that I was just like but da we
want to take these now I just threw all
the teen magazines I'm like he was like
fourteen dollars like what better be
worth it so we're gonna answer some like
teen quizzes and stuff I'm just I don't
even know any of these like twists foo
or bop boo it's bop bop a man sent me if
I ever ever magazine I'm gonna call it
me
shocking confessions by all looks your
only magazine through I think I ever
Ellen even though these people did I
know them three boys would look like
Miley Cyrus do we is a suck I can't even
talk Bowie is a stalker Scott Olivia
jumps row oh I've got that one
finally Louise leaving one day though
apparently Nile and Barbara are growing
closer this is Ariana is me reading this
magazine like I'm really crying
this is all about one direction this
entire magazine is
direction I don't know where's the quiz
the quiz about Jack but I know jack is
there's a pastel colors this woman looks
like she's taking a pool street when we
got to Hawaii there was a girl who put
you dropped your pants and peed right in
the street right in front of you yeah
isn't that leak on oh it's totally
illegal
why still the United States is still
technically is isn't it either what I
think that's legal anywhere it was in
the middle of the street like a busy
city she committed weed and walked away
like it was nothing just like she's just
mad at look yeah she was happy and proud
I was proud of her this is gonna tell
you what kind of Girl Scout cookie you
are that was a Girl Scout just try to
have any wigs
hey it's my hair I just got it done
why would you want to be a skirt why
would you want to be a Girl Scout to
help your community or meet new friends
I really want to make some new friends
because I don't have any at the moment
hooks how would you sell the most in
your troop going door-to-door or having
your parents it's easy to breathe it
having your rents bring the order from
work tell me your daughter dormer come
on now miss nailing something of yellow
shield some live if your Girl Scout
which badge would you get easily the art
one because you love to make stuff a
citizen one because you always like
helping people
well I always like to make stuff my
spare time so probably good your fav
thing about your best friend is support
your crazy ideas or encourages you to be
different
oh it definitely encouraged me to be
different your Asamoah yeah you don't
know what that means
it means that everyone knows to expect
the unexpected by you okay
that's like what's the one thing you
know promiscuous look know what I don't
know what yeah you're right you're
coconut chocolate covered cookie that's
all I'm getting out of this oh yeah I'm
gonna hang it on my wall did it oh yeah
a bit of that guy yeah uh well nurture
go why are we doing this first
I haven't even got a quiz by me my
headless with a steeple what role do you
play in your fan
they're like the deviations then totes
find out which piece you are in your
family's puzzle which and he's gonna be
the answer show which movie would you
rather see this month Muppets Most
Wanted or divergent oh my god you will
cheer your besties up by telling her a
joke or story about a prank you pulled a
joke cuz I'm like that's funny which
austin and Ally BFF do you relate to
more Ally she's sweet Trish she's quirky
trench totes duh but you're the funny
one you make everyone smile you can
crack up anyone you meet smells so bad
is better than being the rebel or the
peacemaker I probably actually the rebel
of my family Rudy mmm-hmm I like the
different one I do different things in
my family we do have a third magazine
more yourself called that way what's
your crushes pig persona like study your
crushes Instagram and answer these
questions okay or denies he says his
profile picture doesn't even give you an
option this is a sexist magazine oh no
no no no you have the option of
either Austin Mahone Ross Lynch mm-hmm
and wrap that would his profile picture
shows him with his cute puppy good fist
good goop wow goofiest i feel the f was
addy okay I'm jet lag
I'm in America who fears the skies or
sports team I don't even remember the
question please choose one goofy is
disguise yeah there he goes disguise
okay there you go in a pic he is usually
smiling as big as possible
photobombing his buds for flexing his
muscles smiling his baby smiles oh okay
I love that smile controversial right
now his photo captions are a short but
sweet full of emojis and hashtags lefty
and mysterious flirty and mysterious
even more controversially guessing it
was likes when you post pictures of
yourself hey hanging with your family be
making you goofy face or see showing
school spirit is that really an option
I wouldn't say being goo
okay I was just voted the funniest it
might feel doesn't know you're goofy
okay your crush loves to post pictures
of himself a chilling with his but day
be sticking his tongue out I'll see you
playing sports on the song I'm gonna
keep going down the path of sticking his
tongue out because he's funny know your
crushes rattling who is rattling no we
know him I'm apologizing to any stands
of rap let's run the picture first of
all of him that's not a good photo I'm
not from this country so all of this
comes down to you know old magazine is
about one direction they're not premiere
oh that's very true
oh that's Ratliff again I'm sure that
I'm talking about Daniel Radcliffe this
is wrapped like a witch spring trend
should you try want to revamp your style
oh this video just got a hell of a lot
more fabulous this is my new fur coat
drug leg let's strike I'm struggling
words your fave shoes are heels or
sneakers holy hill your hair is dyed or
natural on that trap your must-have
makeup is eyeliner or lip gloss
definitely litva you wear flowy dresses
like ariana yeah that I know Ariana
Grande is Ratcliff you'll totally stand
out this season
all five oh five oh my god I know who
are five is a cool pat-down
I've heard their music I hope there's an
oh god I could have offended ha ha
people don't say oh wait Google
cucarachas we're here so you know no
Taylor party's about seductively oh we
just so send a letter to when they put
their addresses
yeah okay do not pop a personal note in
the mail or catch them on Twitter I'm
gonna catch them I'm on twitter follow
me at connor franta I'm gonna catch e
you missed your chance for promo catch
me ooh your destiny
this is where I love how we're actually
like chillin on sofa nice video mode
like your st. Joe time sat here like
actually flicking through I'm like I
don't know if I like Demi with the
Goodman cam I can't decide who wore it
better I don't know Matt Lord music
though
looks like Miranda miss me Lord music
it's a small man decide drama karaoke
Queen which one do you relate to most
yonks I feel is said match the star to
kiss his or her mum like you're in the
moms love it or hate it I feel like that
I like because it has cats I'm not
really sure if I'm loving this I kinda
like it I wouldn't wear it when you turn
a page it's like whoa what I look at
midnight memories oh slay the vocals I'm
I'm just voltage what if I said I did
too
okay I called I get it don't do this
anymore I've really cannot I'm so done
with like I'm very I tried to throw it
away and it just landed my company okay
so I don't know what this video but we
did in this video no we I feel like we
learn a lot like girl stop through all
powerful and celebrity things yeah pop
culture in us we read you
yeah which won't have fun so if you did
enjoy it make sure the big thumbs up
because love things just give it a
thumbs up please and I'll leave a
comment below what is your favorite pop
culture to bang yep do this video in the
hot like there we go and if you have
check out another video make sugar
tingling we did on Marcus's Channel we
did an internet slang quiz like it was
really funny with oppression it's time
we had to get the answers who Kia first
it was stressful how stressful but very
because we're on the inner all the time
so I felt like we would know all the
things but we movie really didn't go
check that out click Marcus's face or
click the first link in the downbar and
go subscribe to him because he makes
good videos really
videos Hey but yeah make sure to click
all the social media links down boiler
room bye
