before I begin I would just like to say
that I cry in this video so that's the
thing hey what's up you guys
Hey hi how you doing so for this video I
have a lot of things I'm doing at first
I want to start off with something
that's been on my mind lately and that
is comfort zones I'm the type of person
that kind of tends to stay in his
comfort zone sure don't get me wrong
I've done a lot of crazy things but I
also like this room I like to be in it
and I like to be alone I'm just safe
here like a jet and I feel like you guys
can definitely relate as internet people
we have this connection whether you like
it or not but it's not healthy we need
to get out of our comfort zones people
yeah for this video I'm going to do that
whether I like it or not I'm forcing
myself to leave this place for once as
you can see by the title I'm going to be
doing something crazy in this video
basically I've been approached by my
friends over at Fox to do The Fault in
Our Stars Challenge but Connor what's
the fault of our stars okay one you
should already know this because I talk
about it in almost every video true fact
first and foremost the fault they're
stars is my favorite book written by
John Green and as a New York Times best
seller they took it and now it's a movie
magic
but yeah so first of all this is my
favorite book so how can I not do this
second John Green is amazing human and
how can I say no to that face
it's impossible you can't do it third
okay there really isn't a third but I
felt like two things wasn't enough I'm
really bad at lists so basically what
I'm doing in this video is I hit the
streets of Los Angeles Hollywood to be
specific Hollywood and I pulled aside
some stranger's girls boys old young all
the people I told them they were gonna
be interviewed but I was being all
sneaky cuz really I'm gonna ask them on
a date to see a private screening of The
Fault in Our Stars movie kind of the
best date ever let's be real so yeah
okay I've been putting all this off for
too long so let's do this row clip
is ready
like look at me hey what brings you guys
out to the Hollywood Walk of Fame today
well my friends college Oklahoma I've
never been here before
Oh
just chillin it's hot out thoughts on
that stage - man - about mother nature
me put your relationship steps
oh yeah are you in a relationship are
you taking I mean what he doesn't know
what are you interested in what do you
do for fun reading family church I'll be
an actor you know I like to uh just a
stupid stuff like missions yeah Shailene
Woodley
this is such a great transition have you
seen the movie or seen anything about
the movie or polymer stars being that
commercial and I do want to go see it I
heard about it this morning
hey go that's what
our senior commercial brokers heard of
it
everything about it um it's like where
she like got a dining right what would
you guys say about going on date with
to an ice-cold movie theater I'll say
you cool no more Knopf I'm offended on
every level would you go out a date with
me tonight
yeah say yes to the day you can bring
your husband we can do stuff 3-way day
we can and we can see we can see you
want to go to the movie with me perfect
I will right I keep you this thank you I
will our oh yes I got to I still I got
welcome an rock you get nothing out of
this in rock he runs away don't run away
from your feelings okay so as you saw
surprisingly that went really well and
I'm shocked I didn't think it would I
was fearing rejection but for some
reason it didn't happen and almost
everyone said yes
I don't know apparently I was nervous
for no reason okay so after all that was
said and done we hop in our cars
and we went to the movie theater so we
just got to the theater I don't even
know if you can see me to be honest and
it's empty there's like nobody in here
but it we filled soon just like this
ready go oh not gonna lie at that point
the pressure was off because I was done
talking to strangers and I was just
really excited to see the movie and then
just after a little bit of waiting but
theater started to fill up and I got
more excited then we were ready to go
okay I'm gonna tell you how it went down
during that movie people literally odd
okay that was mostly me I was mostly the
one Alling during the entire movie it
was cute
what everyone laughed a lot and also
everyone cried a lot a lot it was an
emotional roller coaster I'm tearing up
just thinking about it
speaking of tearing up here's footage of
me right after I watched the movie the
movie just got done and I'm an emotional
wreck I don't care if you can't see me
oh you can definitely see me well I'm an
emotional wreck and now you can see it
hey I was a wreck was complete wreck
after all that I decided I wanted to go
out of the theater and talk to people
and see how they liked the movie I
pulled out my camera I said give me one
word to describe this movie and here's
what they said inspiring fabulous but
yeah so that was my day you jelly
literally overall such an amazing
experience I got to see the summer movie
that I was most excited to see before it
was even out so freaking cool I was
genuinely blown away about how good and
authentic it was like I read the book I
was prepared to judge it really hard but
to be honest I was so so so so so proud
of my fellow youtuber John Green like he
made a book in a movie and it was
amazing oh the fields and of course I
got on my comfort zone and technically
went out a few dates
oh and of course had a really good time
but yeah so that's pretty much it if you
yourself you right there you want to see
The Fault in Our Stars movie a must-see
movie whether you've read the book or
not it'll be in theaters this Friday
June 6th so again go see it but yeah if
you did enjoy this video you want to see
that movie you are proud of me for
getting out of my comfort zone make sure
to give this video a big thumbs up it
really helps it makes me feel good also
leave a comment below check out my
social media websites click Subscribe
sooo
date me date me I think he was into it
