you know normally I like to hide from my
past and just kind of pretend it didn't
happen but today we're gonna be looking
at it together
so get ready hey what's up you guys it's
Connor you know like most people I have
a lot of pictures
there's selfies that's what they are and
a lot of those pictures are on Facebook
profile pictures they're my old profile
pictures and they're really really
embarrassing and regardless of how much
I don't want to do this because I'm just
trying to block out the bad memories
today I'm gonna be going through all of
my old facebook profile pictures showing
you guys them goddamnit
by the way I got this idea from my
friend Patrick Joe and you should
definitely check out his video I'll put
the link in the downbar but let's just
get right into it
okay logging on to the good old book of
face it's a book a book of my face yeah
oh just getting the most recent profile
picture cute yeah I thought huh okay
let's see here how do I even get to my
profile pictures I don't use this
website a lot profile pictures I have a
hundred and four there's a lot of
potential for bad things to be in here
let's go oh my god I remember this all
memories so this is apparently my first
facebook profile picture and it's of me
and a bunch of my swim friends and we
had this like fun day at swim team
practice thing we like got to dress up
in weird stuff and like just play in the
water
and there I am smack dab in the middle
with my long hair I think I may have
braces I can't tell how that was just so
much wreck t'v you can't even see myself
in this one Oh looks like I like that
picture again cuz hello its back oh I
was so skinny and not muscular at all
cool you can literally see my ribs I
needed to eat somebody give me a burrito
oh my God look at my double chin of work
it and I'm working the double chin you
know this is probably from one of my
trips to Las Vegas because I have family
that lives there all the way back in
2008 what a simpler time and that is my
sister and we are just working the
front-facing camera yes oh my god okay
first of all this is my best friend
she's gonna cut my videos a long time
ago I need to get her in a recent video
give this video a thumbs up if you want
me to do the best friend tag with Ally
but we did this thing where we're like
trying to be all emo and stuff so I was
like using her hair to cover my face and
be all dark and we had that that angle
though that upper angle oh god oh my god
look at my hair I had the beeper cut and
went to the Olympic Trials and that is a
swimmers name is Brendan Hanson
I met him cool again from the Olympic
Trials that's right friend Jacob we've
been like really good friends since
kindergarten so whoo again with my
sister we were in the mountains in
Montana getting our hike on this is the
point in my life where I started to like
really thin out cuz there was a point
which I none of these pictures really
show where I was like chubby but at this
point it was like when I was like skinny
and I look like kind of like a twig but
I still had that haircut
I had hauled the bang Beach pic very
casual beach pic just me looking up like
hey oh my god what is my life in a
tunnel
we're in a tunnel this is such a great
shot of my face so good I think this is
when I got my first MacBook and I was
like playing around with the photobooth
effects and I was doing the split screen
one apparently I thought it was very
cool I'm ashamed to be me sometimes okay
people we were into 2009 that's my
friend Kirsten and my friend Douglas
swimming buddies more potable things oh
wow I carefully put this profile picture
me and my friend Kirsten were like
coloring and a Hello Kitty coloring book
and we made the kitty a drug addict who
is shitting in the grocery store what
are we even doing why are we color I get
a Hello Kitty book it's like making it
vulgar like they're smoking and they're
pooping and oh my God we're so weird
just casually being a mermaid on the top
of a soda machine an average Friday for
me more swimming stuff look at that body
doh whoa we just have to wear like tight
suits for swimming cuz it makes you a
faster obviously and I had a full body
one look at me go but I still had that
mop for hair so here we are
oh that's actually cute because that's
my friend Dena and she just got married
like literally she just got married
today memories oh this is me and all my
siblings doing a jumping pic into our
lake not our lake but I like the way the
cabin
would that be cool on the lake okay I'm
just getting really off track I remember
using iPhone and Ed this photo for like
the longest time and then I up the
saturation and as you can tell we are
very orange we look tan I don't know I
also thought okay if you zoom in on my
right hand and my brother's arm it looks
like we're like are connected and it
look really really weird I was the only
part I hated about that picture
so yeah we're mountains this is my first
discover the website face and hole that
is a really interesting name for a
website huh this is again me my friend
gusta and my swim coach's wife made
these hats and Houston I thought they're
really cool so we're just taking a
little casual duckface induces pick get
on my level I've been doing that since
2009 there's me being weird in the car
I'm trying to be a fuck
really cool gonna really cool and here
is a legitimate selfie oh it's on my
birthday or upload this on my birthday
why was it changing my profile picture
on my birthday I definitely didn't take
this on my birthday
still got the mob haircut I think I've
only had this haircut for a year too so
I guess I've had some op haircut for
like my entire life huh no braces though
whoo yeah bears me running I'm sweating
and I'm dying and oh my god I can't that
I'm gonna put this on the Internet why
did I make this my profile picture I
look like I'm literally dying like I am
dead I'm sweating about a collapse but I
mean I like em in shape
maybe that's why I don't know not really
know whatever I'm Harry Potter whoo my
lifelong dream uh why did I do this I
think it was Harry Potter day at my
school which is apparently a thing oh my
god yep that's embarrassing so one day
me and some of my friends decided to
like have a fake photo shoot and like be
all dramatic and stuff but I remember
uploading this without a caption
explaining myself that like this was a
joke
definitely looks like I was trying to be
a model even though my cheeks and nose
are just very red very very red that
North Face though Oh kitty
see that as a connor franta facebook
profile picture oh he and a kitty it's
all I look for in my life Hey look I'm
naked I'm naked but I probably made this
my profile picture because I actually
as like somewhat abs without flexing my
brains out these are me and most of my
best friends
missiles guys anytime I go home I see
all of them and we all still hang out
we're all still great friends and I
don't know memories I think that's the
year that I once stayed in the mile he
doesn't know I was a state champion in
the mile for swimming yeah that's a fact
it was a lot of work oh my god though
I'm gonna block out that memory Manas
Noda oh you know just just lick in my
friends face why is this my profile
picture and why is it sideways I just
don't I don't know I switched it I
understood that I did it wrong I
switched it me and a leg and we're duck
face in it or at least I am me and a cat
again an airbrush Quiznos badge
sunglasses pictures kind of everything
to me so got that haircut whoa cool
angle there oh I hope that I didn't tell
someone to take this picture but it's in
the past it's 2010 we need to like move
forward here okay wait this was at the
national swim meet and I was supposed to
be like Hugh Hefner and my friend Kayla
was supposed to be my Playboy bunny
she wore fishnets and put her leg up on
me what prom I had a lot of hair it from
oh my god this is a senior picture of
mine oh my god look at me I was also a
rep for senior pictures like apparently
I was good enough to be a rep for senior
pictures I don't know why I'm literally
showing nipple on a facebook profile
picture there's something wrong with
this the caption is stop looking at my
boobs
that was funny Hey oh you know just
casually putting my foot on the anchor
that my brothers are trying to lift I
ruin everything
this is so me though I'm trying to do
something gonna be ruining it that's the
type of sibling I am like enough ish
this picture does actually embody
everything that I am weird I'm really
weird bark I'm stuck in a fence doing
some cool flips flips and tricks ah okay
I'm just I'm dumb opposed I'm done with
this okay guys I only got to 2010 so
that was only like three years worth of
Facebook profile pictures so there are
plenty more lots of embarrassment things
the internet does not need to see Oh hmm
yeah but okay so if you did enjoy this
video and you enjoyed seeing a little
bit of my embarrassing past please give
it a thumbs up no just please and if you
want to see the rest of the pictures
because I can easily do a part two to
this video also give it a thumbs up if I
get enough maybe I'll do it maybe okay
and I just have something for the
comments okay so I want all of you to go
back and look at your
Facebook profile picture and leave a
comment down below describing what it is
and what you're doing oh I can't wait to
read these comments but yeah so make
sure to go check out my merch follow me
on all my social media websites click
subscribe so you buy so much
embarrassment I can't handle it
