so seeing is that I don't feel I'm in
any position to give anyone any advice
ever
I'm going to be doing that today hey
what's up you guys crack up my toes I
don't care if you find it disgusting I'm
doing it and it's happening on camera
just everything's cracking crack lack
and what up but so you know what hi hey
how you doing I like we haven't talked
in forever finally back from my two-week
trip to Europe and it's kind of
bittersweet because I do miss it but you
know what it is good to be home so
avoiding unpacking that big boy but you
know what some things never change I got
a haircut that changed I got the sweater
in London British things okay so
recently I've been noticing that you
guys have a lot of shit going on in your
lives I mean really as do all humans but
so today in this week's video I'm going
to be giving you some advice all the
problems that you seem to have let's get
right into it shall we excited before we
begin I told you guys to send these into
my tumblr ass box because I wanted them
to be anonymous I've taken out the names
I just plain text so yeah you guys as
problems are not made public to the
world I'm sure you didn't want that
now did you okay let's go graduating
from school and will not be seeing many
of my friends very often what can we do
to still stay friends okay so here's
what you need to do there's this thing
called Skype or FaceTime or iMessage you
need to use those you know maybe make
like a weekly or a monthly hangout
between you and all your friends
yeah you know if you really want to go
crazy you can just make a group chat but
you know don't be the person that talks
in it like everyday but don't be the
person that doesn't talk in it at all
just don't be annoying okay bye a
balance I'm switching schools next year
any advice on how to make new friends
first was keeping new friends and I was
making new friends transitions people
transitions got to keep up it so
basically the only vice I can give you
is to be as social as possible maybe
join a few clubs join some things do
some things meet some people and overall
just be yourself and the friends will
come hopefully I'm already realizing I'm
really bad at giving advice tip for
finals week I'm screwed
oh okay you guys apparently have a whole
lot of problems with school Oh No you
need to study but not
much cuz they don't get stressed about
it but not not enough because then
you're just gonna be stupid
I was always the stupid one uh-huh how
do you get a cat to like you okay
anonymous jokester Kenya calm down a
minute this is a serious advice video
here but since your question is about
cats I'll let it slide so I'm dating
this guy but he didn't treat me like a
GF sure we had moments but it didn't
feel right anymore and it started
getting feelings for his best friend we
broke up and now he's dating my BFF
should I start dating his friend uh-huh
bish that is just confusing and I do not
have the time what kind of why is your
blog so awesome okay here I'm gonna let
this one slide because it is a nice
compliment Connor Franta tumbler calm
what's your advice for people who are
going through a tough time okay so
here's the dealio I'm gonna try and be a
little bit serious on this one to be
honest everyone goes through tough times
although a lot of people may look put
together most people aren't what I find
that helps me most when I'm going
through a tough time is to just talk
about it simply just go find one of my
good friends and just talk it through
get out of your room get off your
computer just go out into the world and
be a little productive I'm a firm
believer that eventually everything work
out for the best
look look do you recommend this month
okay so this is actually a really good
transition you guys do not know every
month I recommend you a new book on
audible.com slash Connor something
that's good for me when I'm feeling down
or unmotivated is to listen to a funny
or an inspirational book so this month
I'm gonna be recommending that you guys
listen to is everybody hanging without
me and other concerns by Mindy Kaling or
what I've listened to it seems like a
really really funny book and it seems
also kind of motivational talking about
her life telling some funny stories
along the way I find it very uplifting
to go listen to that on audible.com
slash Connor if you don't like that
there's a hundred fifty thousand
different other books so you can go
download your free copy by clicking that
link it's literally a free book so go
download it read a book how do I tell my
parents I'm pregnant
finally a question I have so much
experience with you know being a boy
that's pregnant currently and having put
off Tellez parents for a really long
time maybe it's best I just show you
call my parents
hey mom I'm good so I got a I got a
question for you
black shirt I need I need to tell you
something more so than putting off
telling you this but I'm kind of
pregnant mom there's a human growing
inside me this is not a laughing matter
you caught on too quickly how did you
know this was a joke okay - well do you
know the male anatomy due up cuz I don't
think it's possible
okay love you bye
maybe just like that whatever pretty
well if I sign how to be less socially
awkward I struggle with this one myself
don't like not talk to people and like
be weird
I suck at advice when do you not do your
hair so good first of all Thanks second
of all this is an advice video people
it's not about me it's about you let's
move on with the questions yeah I found
talons in my pants drawer should I open
one I'm serious or do you hope they'll
notice one why are you looking through
your parents drawers - it's just a piece
of rubber three don't they'll probably
notice four if you don't listen to three
just like touch it a couple times and
then throw it away you have a dilemma I
don't know what to read when I'm in the
bathroom
any suggestions uh my Twitter feed is
all you need in your life Connor I
really need your help
I have no idea what to do with my life
after I finish school how do I figure
out what's best for me okay I'm gonna
let all of you in on a little secret
here almost nobody knows what they want
to do with their life a vast majority of
this population is just as confused as
you are and as I am none of us know what
we want to do it to be honest it's gonna
suck for a little bit but as time goes
on you're gonna figure out more about
yourself you're gonna figure out what
more would you like or what you like to
do and it's just everything's gonna fall
into place
the dogs dress it'll all work out how do
you turn up off we're trying to be
serious lost my cool there
sorry quit how often do you poop on a
daily basis oh my okay actually if
someone could really need advice on this
to Google to answer all my problems
pooping databases okay so according to
Yahoo Answers very legit source so
you're supposed to poop at least once a
day if not more so yeah I think that's
the end of my advice video oh god it's
Doug okay so I hope you guys enjoyed
that little advice Q&A hopefully I
answered a couple of your questions
through all the insanity I tried I swear
okay so if you did enjoy this video and
want more like it make sure the big
thumbs up
maybe next time I'll do a serious one to
figure it enough thumb so yeah also make
sure to leave a comment below follow me
on all my social media websites click
subscribe to you bye I'm so lazy today
how about a whole
