oh I'm gonna be doing that today hey
what's up you guys and welcome back to
another Friday video look a new location
today I'm doing another video for
coca-cola I'm teaming up with them on
their this is all campaign trying to
find my aunt moment
oh is that indescribable feeling that
you get when you take a sip of coca-cola
I get that all feeling when I ride a
roller coaster and my stomach goes into
my throat and it just it literally makes
me go ahh ahh ahh but you know going to
a theme park by yourself sounds pretty
lame so I brought a couple friends with
me
bring them in oh so let's do a little
introduction go hey guys I'm Ricky
what's up I'm Quillan the cool one yeah
I got the whole point of today is to try
and find your all moments so Ricky what
is yours what makes you go ahh I like to
perform and be on stage and give me like
a big rush and I'm all feeling what do
you like for me it's skydiving it
doesn't even want to write a role for me
it's sleeping like when you lay down
after a long day to go ah I'm not doing
that one I'm gonna do it and you're
gonna like it so to be honest today's
gonna be pretty freaking cool we are the
only ones that are at the park right now
and we get to ride all the roller
coasters first it's all mine and this is
gonna lead all up to us ending the day
riding full throttle which has the
biggest vertical loop of any roller
coaster ever loop loop so let's go find
those on moment shall we let's go
seven loops do this
why are we waiting
I love that one let's do it again this
is it this is the big one full throttle
let's go you guys ready to do this yeah
you guys excited
best goes through the bar I'm not going
I can't this is the highest loop in the
park you're gonna go under it do it when
you guys come ahead you're just gonna go
over it we next come back so I'm guys
time to go let's do this yeah come on ok
let's go go come on here you go yeah
everybody in the comments yellow keen
for not doing this do it come on can I'm
freaking out this thing is crazy it goes
upside down it goes way too fast you see
this do you see this may give me us a
countdown
I think we hit a bug at one point so
everyone today has been a freaking great
day we got to ride roller coasters got
over my fear did you yes a little bit
didn't ride the big one key and so but
yeah that was definitely my aunt of the
day I got to hang with my best friends I
got to do some crazy things and no way
better than to finish this day with a
quick little cheers of our cokes yes
Cheers
heck yeah if you enjoyed this video make
sure to big thumbs up leave a comment
below follow me on my secure web cetera
but today I thought it was gonna be all
about adrenaline but it ended up being
about friends and friendship friend
Allen Brenda Leigh Godwin Sookie
