okay so there's this video going around
for the short films going around it's
called in a heartbeat it's an animated
short film I saw either a trailer for it
or I saw just like pictures floating
around Twitter Tumblr if you like it had
to have been mentioned a while back
because I know I've heard of this before
yesterday but apparently this is an LGBT
animated short film which doesn't really
happen that often frankly that is
definitely a rarity so everyone is
freaking out about it apparently it's
very very cute and very precious and my
Twitter mentions have just been
bombarded with requests for me to make a
video reacting to it so let's go for it
I tend to cry very easily so this was
definitely could happen but again also I
know when I'm getting myself into so
we'll see okay a film by two people
very hiding from them then they're down
there oh my god imagine that skill I
fall in love with that - oh okay cool I
got you all this is adorable
I'm gonna get into my comfortable
position
pause oh my gosh so I posit the weirdest
part apparently this is only done by
like two amateur animators - so I'm
really impressed
ok backbone apart is so key ok pause
again I love how much films can do with
such little dialogue I mean I mean this
does no dialogue and it's making me feel
so many things so powerful back to it
utterly confused the heart is adorable
me what they like a boy
oh no this oh no don't
Oh
oh no don't break it Oh shame that's
such a real thing not not only
heartbreak but how wrong it feels when
if you're part of the LGBT community are
part of a minority and you're doing
something that's so normal and people
look at you like you're weird oh oh
it's like Oh Oh her disappear that was
so precious oh wow that's that's four
minutes flew by wow that was so precious
imagine if like a little questioning boy
or girl saw that and it completely
changed their physical representation on
the screen and then films is so
necessary towards exposure and
acceptance oh god the feel if I would
have seen that when I was younger in
school with all the boys that I had
crushes on it would make me feel so much
better and more comforted it was
beautiful I'm surprised I didn't cry to
be honest because normally I absolutely
suffering this thing that was so cute
oh I don't know what it is about
animated films but whatever the little
not like sidekick but like the pet or I
guess the little side character like the
heart and makes me just just want it
anytime there's like a cute little
animal sidekick or in this case a cute
heart sidekick I just want like a like a
little stuffed animal of it I want it to
be mind
I love how innocent it was - obviously
they're younger and in school but like
it was so innocent it was all about a
crush they didn't need to sexualize
anything it was all just about love cute
Oh
next stop Disney gay prints I will put
my name in the running
love is glass laughing uh I was adorable
well done to the filmmakers that was
beautiful and so necessary I'll put a
link down below if you want to go check
it I don't even know where I'm a couple
of this there may not be a link down
below I don't even know if I'm gonna
upload this well have a good week
everybody love whoever you want to love
and I'll see you next week
