I left behind sunny and warm Los Angeles
and came to cold and cloudy Minnesota I
don't understand my logic behind this
hey what's up you guys
you know what I'm a human that has a
great variety of things emotions I have
a lot of those types of cereal plenty I
have plenty of those what follow suit is
the type of luck that I have you see I
have a great mixture of good luck and
ever great mixture of bad luck there's
no one between my life either sucks or
it's perfect
and for some reason today I'm going to
be telling you about the sucky part and
I don't know why it's not like me to
think like that but you know it's cloudy
and I'm feeling a little depressed so
here we go where to begin where to begin
well first off I got a new car and oh
god she's just beautiful but you know
what that's actually a sexist comment it
could be a he I haven't checked if it
has a penis oh boy this video is already
getting into the reproductive system of
a vehicle but so there I was I have this
car it's brand new and it's literally
the first day I'm driving it a number
one day number one be awfully terrible
if something bad happened to it right
right oh just the worst
okay so I'll Drive my car took a first
spin blah blah blah blah blah and I
ended up parallel parking it right next
to the curb very well I may add it was
just hugging it was just hugging the
curb and then I left it there overnight
legally well parked nothing should go
wrong so the next morning I woke up
probably at noon yes that's how I do do
all my morning things and then I go
outside to check on my car and what do I
see the mirror is just just dangling
there just all shiny new just dangling
they're broken
detached at this point I'm trying to
stay very calm because I just bought
this car I just bought it it's brand new
it's broken it's just broken so be
completely honest I felt like throwing
up but I also felt like myself
just right there in public in the middle
of the street but I remained a composed
human as well as possible and thank God
it paid off because it was no big deal
surprisingly it was no big deal I just
walked up just kind of pushed it back on
and it was fine and I don't know how I
just ah hmm
I don't know how it worked but I refuse
to question it because it did it's fine
now I didn't have to kill anybody and
trust me
I would have if I were a parent this car
was like my child you know with
someone's child I'm gonna with you next
story this one time I was out to eat
which is actually quite a frequent
occurrence you know I'm the type of
person likes to go to fast food
restaurants because I don't have the
patience to wait for real food so I'll
settle for the fake kind sit down
meet fabu you have real chicken
boo-boo-boo brag about it you see one of
the biggest downsides of going to a
fast-food restaurant besides the
potential diseases you could get is that
you are trusting another human that you
do not know to make your food and
prepare it the way you like it
I'm not one to name names but this
restaurant let's call it nature polt
they charge extra for guacamole I have a
passion for guacamole I would I would I
would kill everyone for guacamole which
is fine it's totally fine to do that
I've cuddles are expensive the economy
is down just don't make a big deal out
of it okay you don't need to tell me
every time I just know but this one time
there was this guy serving me a normal
guy average guy let's call him bill and
we get to the guacamole and Bill asked
if I want it and of course I just say
haha God give me the guacamole
the Bell does dokas me the guacamole
except he gives me a literal teaspoon of
it $2 $2 I paid for a little teaspoon
and I was speechless
all I could do was just look at him
 know yep
so that happen to me wonderful the
Saturday is in my life tbh the last
story so the other week I was flying I
was on a plane I wasn't flying with
myself I would have like called the
president or something my mom told my
cat I don't know or told someone and
flying can be just a little bit
stressful for me just a little bit you
see the idea of being trapped in a metal
box floating 10,000 feet above the
ground with a bunch of people I don't
know it's just not something I want to
do it's just not something I find
enjoyable you know I go to the airport
everything's good get through security
it's my gate everything's good but then
I get on the plane and this is the
stressful part for hours you're stuck on
this thing for four hours so that sucks
and you know this just this happened to
be one of those times
everyone hates sitting next to small
children and babies get over it
it's a thing don't lie personally under
those conditions I think it's human
nature to just hate them it is what it
is so you know on this flight
I had three I had three babies sitting
near me for four hours
what am i right once my left one
directly behind me I was surrounded by
beetus objects they're all just little
ticking time bombs waiting to explode
with tears screams just the can bodily
fluid they're just exploding they did
just one by one was a very emotional
plane right for me because it was the
first time I considered punting an
infant in front of people there's just
so much noise just so much noise
so yeah whatever bad things happen to
you today just realize I probably had it
worse yeah a quick little side note so
right now this video that you are
watching currently on your screen it's
being filmed in Minnesota but I'm
posting it from New York City no just a
lot of traveling just going everywhere
lately but yeah it is that time of the
month where I recommend you guys a new
audiobook from audible.com slash Connor
so the other week I had the great
opportunity to go to the MTV Movie
Awards and I got to meet my favorite
author John Green I've listened to
several of his books but after meeting
him I'm like okay I need a little more
John Green in my life this month on our
walk Amish Connor I will be recommending
Paper Towns by John Green I don't know
nothing about this book but I love his
other ones and I have a flight so I'm
gonna be listening to it on that flight
she's gotta be chilling all the way to
NYC listening to Paper Towns based oh
this getting crazy doing things oh yeah
I just want to let you guys know so you
can go over to audible.com slash Connor
sign up and get a free copy if you don't
like that one there's a hundred fifty
thousand different other ones so there's
plenty to choose from
mm-hmm yeah don't read them yes so
again I hope you guys enjoyed my stories
make sure you go hit that subscribe
button and give this video a big thumbs
up leave a comment below follow me or
something bye
oh quick little side note I almost
forgot I just put up a new poster my
district lines store it looks like that
pretty cool pretty cool
does that draw myself concepts online it
just came out today and the number is
very limited so if you want one I say go
get it really quickly both signed and
unsigned options are available and yeah
don't one quick link below just thought
I'd tell you guys that okay
bye for real
okay so now the Sun comes out the Sun
will come out after I found my video dad
