hey what's up you guys so today I'm at a
pizzeria and what am I gonna be doing
I'm making pizza
let's go as you guys know for the past
couple random Friday videos I've been
working with coca-cola on their all
campaign what is this ah ah is an
undescribable feeling that you get like
when you take a sip from a coca-cola
when I think of awe I think of doing
something new getting an adrenaline rush
doing something with your friends maybe
even falling in love it's an off feeling
let me tell you think about it but most
of all I think of doing something that
you've always wanted to do but you
haven't had the opportunity to and it
has you guys know I love food words
cannot describe more specifically I love
pizza I consider myself to be in a very
committed relationship to it look at it
deal with it on my search brah I've done
a lot of things like parkour and
drifting
and also I've been watching all the
videos that you guys submitted online
and they've inspired me to do what I'm
gonna do today so today on my adjani I
will be making pizza let's do this hey
hey what's up Connor okay we're gonna be
making pizza you might want to throw one
of these on throwing an apron okay
you're sure all right
this both of your hands put it right
underneath there and they just kind of
go inside and stretch it out just don't
even show me doing those hooks I'm so
bad at it I want to be like the
professionals and like throw it get that
oh when I drop it's real easy and I'm
gonna feel so bad laughs there's no
grunting involved it's not really on it
is your annulus I'm a boy of the
internet I don't leave my room hmm
you're just chucking that sucker
winner you know if you're a very cheesy
person we've got huh measuring cups on
many levels I am a cheesy person you
definitely throw some pizza sauce on
here yeah you totally got that down dude
I can't throw it good but I can spread
it grab your keys I'm a very geometric
person I'm gonna have like all this why
not I'm proud of me
there you go so we just keep an eye on
it give it five to seven minutes we'll
be all set for a short commercial break
we'll be right back to you you guys I
didn't mess up I actually did good look
at it but now all I want to do is eat
this pizza so let's go look what we made
a pizza you know yeah I'm eating a slice
Liz I can't waste any longer I'm
starving this is what true love feels
like people that was good but I think
something that would make it better is
pairing it with it's better half
coca-cola
remember you guys if you want me to
watch your own videos use the hashtag
this is all to submit them but you did
enjoy this video make sure if it a big
thumbs up leave a comment below
oh just dripped all off
there's my life in a slice of pizza
