if my caller during this video like this
white collar right here is not like semi
even I'm gonna be screaming at myself
editing this later god I'm weird hey
what's up you guys and welcome back to
another video on my channel gingka okay
guys so a lot of things have been going
through my mind lately like yes usually
my mind is chaotic as but lately
it's just been adjusted I don't know
what's going on up there but it's a
whole lot of stuff I found over the past
couple years and just with my life in
general that the best way to clear your
mind is to talk about it and for me it's
very convenient cuz I get to talk about
it all you guys this is like therapy to
me make me feel not crazy it's basically
in this video I'm just gonna be talking
about whatever I want whatever is going
on up there whatever's going on in my
life whatever's going on in the past the
future just whatever I want I'm talking
about it and sometimes this is hard
because I need to remind myself that
this is my channel this is my video blog
and I can post whatever I want on it
doesn't have to be a skit it doesn't
have to be me doing something crazy I
can just post a video of me talking so
yeah the first thing on my mind is
traveling over the past couple months
I've been to San Francisco I've been to
Hawaii I've been to Florida I've been to
just everywhere and in the next week I'm
going to Minnesota I'm going to New York
City the next month I'm going to Italy
and I'm going to London just a lot of
places places I've been places I haven't
been countries I haven't been just it
just it's overwhelming it's a little
overwhelming but in a good way because I
would rather do these than not do these
at all one thing that worries me going
to a different country I have to think
of a lot of little things money they
have different money than we do cell
phones they have different cell phones
than we do I need to figure out those
little things which actually are pretty
big for me now really soon so I don't
get there and I'm poor and I can't tweet
about being poor what is wrong with
society another thing I've been able to
see my family without leaving Los
Angeles recently my mom came a couple
months ago my sister came the other week
and my brother is here right now
hi perfect uh family oh yeah so it's
been really weird cuz my family's come
to me for once and I don't need to like
go home to see them I have to show them
around and play tour guide which I'm
really bad at I tend to worry way too
much about others like if we're doing
too much not enough if they're bored if
they're happy I don't I just worry way
too much about humans it's both a
blessing and a curse I swear oh yeah
movin on up and trying to like change
how I live recently I for one loved
staying up late but I hate waking up
late there's a plane going by go away
yeah recently been trying to get up
around 8 o'clock or 9 o'clock which for
me is actually kind of early but either
way I'm just trying to like get up early
be productive and just I found that
makes me a happier person starting my
day off right starting my day off
earlier just makes me feel better with
that I've also been trying to be healthy
but not too healthy so I realized that a
lot of people are always trying to be
crazy healthy trying to try these new
diets these new pills these new powders
everything just to be like healthy and
I've tried that I've honestly I've tried
stuff like that and I don't like it hate
going to the gym and lifting weights and
being like I want to be buff That's not
me
that's someone else but I do enjoy
running so I've been trying to do that
more lately like I actually enjoy
running I enjoy the act of running and
it makes me happy
we're does that sound it does and I've
also been trying to eat healthy but not
like too healthy so instead of going
downstairs eating ice cream I'll be like
you know what I'm gonna have an apple
instead because I do have tons of
cravings like a human I have tons of
cravings
I crave things I just crave them and I
found a really good trick for that is to
replace your craving with something me
if I'm craving something sweet I have
dark chocolate downstairs and I'll have
just a little square of that I don't
know if this is even interesting to you
guys but yeah that helps me with my
cravings you're having a little piece of
dark chocolate and then I don't go crazy
and eat all our chips and all our ice
cream and all our everything that is bad
for me I don't know it helps me maybe to
help you something else that's been
making me happy as I've been listening
to music a lot more I find it really
enjoyable just to have music playing
almost all day I don't have a specific
John where I listen to like I'm not
really specific to that so it's just
whatever I'm feeling I'll play a song
for that I said there's a no-tell video
I made last week but I'm obsessed with
Sam Smith and Betty who right now and
just in general a whole lot of new
artists are never heard of I've said
this before again I've been finding them
on Spotify so if you want to go follow
me click the link below just if you
enjoy music and BD what do I sound like
when I do those I make those same sound
effects I swear in every video
like a broken record player God oh
they're right now another thing I've
been avoiding getting a haircut
and I've been avoiding a lot of my
responsibilities in general how easy is
it to get a haircut really easy honestly
it is really easy I can't get myself to
do it
Oh as you notice there's nothing right
here right now in the past couple videos
there's been a suitcase there from
playlist live that took me over a month
to unpack actually I'm totally lying
because it's still not unpacked it is in
the closet oh I'm just hiding the fact
that I didn't unpack it I'm just a
horrible human being what is wrong with
me I also had a pile of clothes over
there that I wanted to donate to
Goodwill for the past two months and all
they've done is just sit there sit there
and look like dirty laundry when they're
clean folded and ready to go and ready
for me to donate oh but I finally did
that so you know what bonus points for
me Oh nevel up oh but you know what I
also have laundry I need to get done Oh
level down I can never win can I well it
looks like I just put things off this is
not news to anyone it may seem like I
have much together a lot of the time but
you know what I don't I really don't I'm
a pretty average human that just happens
to have a lot of followers on Twitter I
don't even know I really don't even know
a connor franta if you want to follow me
join the movement hmm what else do we
got here I am enjoying wearing the
sweater even though it has been really
hot in California recently it was like
90 degrees the other day and I was just
sweating I do not look good when I'm
sweating not look I'm going for but
today it was a little bit chillier so I
got to wear a nice sweater and that
makes me happy don't wrap me up like a
blanket make me off yeah mmm what else
what else I hate birds and that has
become very apparent in the past couple
weeks so just fly in when they land
close to you they're kind of ugly I
don't know what they're thinking because
I think their brains were the size of
like a peanut so they're unpredictable
they could either stop me at any moment
or they could eat me just ruin my day I
also hate loud noises that's the thing
and people tend to annoy me a lot too I
think I'm secretly like a bitter
eight-year-old man no you do with what
you can now don't copy who you are and
embrace it I'm just embracing the fact
that I'm an 80 year old man stuck in a
21 year olds body the more you know you
know wait there is something I want to
get across in this video everyone has a
lot of stuff going on in their life
I just told you on mind you may have
less you may have the same you may have
a lot more just by watching my videos
reading my blog posts you may not have
known all that stuff about me ruin s
things going on their lives
everyone gets stressed and for me it
helps to talk about it and I frequently
talk about it to my friends and my
family I wonder if they all hate me I
don't even know I don't even know okay
guys if you did enjoy this video this
random vlog make sure the big thumbs up
and leave a comment below about anything
that is on your mind what's going on in
your life what's going on your head any
problems stress you have leave in the
comments below and help each other out I
love the fact that people in what I like
to call the Fran d'amour the Franta
family that we collectively come
together and we can help each other out
and just be a family we're in this
together people whether you like it or
not but yes also make sure to check out
my merch check out all my social media
so that may have been one of the worst
outros I've ever done but you know what
it is what it is
have a good day I love you
