scene 1 take 1 a be common mark now you
see what I have to deal with hey what's
up you guys and welcome back to another
random Friday video so this morning I
had to wake up before 5 a.m. and you
guys know I don't normally do that I'm
normally like awake then and not even
close to going to bed so this just it's
out of my comfort zone as is so I has a
lot of you guys know I've been working
with coke the past couple weeks on
they're all campaign trying to find some
moments of my own but what does this
feeling of awe basically awe as an
undescribable feeling like what you get
when you take a sip of a Coca Cola
for me it's learning something new it's
stepping out of my comfort zone it's
doing something absolutely crazy I'm
gonna be searching for that crazy off
feeling today but I need a little help
show the crews that you guys didn't see
that coming out did you so the last
video I did for Coke with some crazy
parkour and if you haven't seen that
make sure to click the link below but
this week I'm gonna be doing something a
little more crazy literally insane like
this we're gonna be doing some drifting
we're gonna be going on a racetrack and
drifting around some corners what up
what up with that guy don't kill me
Connor good morning I'm Darren
today we'll be doing a little bit of
drifting like what exactly is drifting
so if anyone doesn't know controlling a
slide of a car Tokyo Drift down whatever
exactly have you done anything like this
before so I'm from Minnesota and like
when it snows everyone tends to kind of
go find a parking lot and drift around
it sure we're doing that just just the
faster and you're a professional I'm not
gonna die yes let's go like I got a
helmet you go
you know that feeling you get when you
like your stomach moves up to your
throat I have that okay so there's no
going back now
I got to find that all moment so let's
do the first run oh my god what have I
gotten myself into
so we're gonna start with just some
donuts I mean doughnut sound delicious I
doubt it's gonna be like that oh my god
it's happening
those are Donuts head smells like burnt
rubber yeah that'll wake you up next
thing is figure eights
that's so cool it's not an a moment it's
an AA moment can we do it again you want
to go faster yeah I do actually
that was more scary than the actual
drift thing
okay you guys that's a wrap for today my
heart is still racing that was so crazy
I had so much fun and just ah ah make
sure this video a big thumbs up if you
enjoyed it leave a comment below follow
me on all my social media websites
