I feel like I got a haircut last week
and my hair is already getting that
dipped cone look kind of like it hey
what's up you guys so as a lot of you
know I tend to get obsessed with things
very easily and I like something I tend
to do it a lot or use it a lot or eat it
a lot or a lot lot lot lot I just kind
of overdo it let's be real whether it's
a food drink activity song object I just
I I commit I commit not like in a weird
way but really it does sound kind of
weird to talk about being obsessed with
something like the actual act of being
obsessed with something
let me explain before you use your
keyboard to judge me
I don't judges don't judge me don't
touch me so here we go first thing that
comes to mind with obsessions is food I
like food
I really do and when I find a particular
food I like I think about it a lot I
crave it kind of all the time when I go
out to eat I know exactly what I want to
order and I look forward to it
god I'm sick I want to get to the
restaurant we're going to one of two
things happens I get there they have the
food I want and everything is fine boy
oh boy oh boy waiting to have this
literally all day all day where's that
waiter where's that waiter oh yes hi
hello my name is Connor gonna be your
waiter today can I get the chicken
sandwich with extra extra extra avocado
please mm-hmm don't know why you're
twitching but you know we have that we
have that perfect awesome thanks you
make it quick please or in the off
chance they don't this happens not just
over here but here we're here we're here
we're here everyone we're here menus who
needs menus know what I want I hello
everybody my name is Connor and I'll be
your server today yes oh hi um do you
have the chicken sandwich with extracts
avocado because I love it I'm dying for
it I need it ooh sorry we actually don't
have that what we don't have that here
Wow it's a problem I know I see it in
many ways
I'm getting help I swear but that's not
the only way I have different ways of
coping with my obsessions take enjoying
a new song for instance when I like a
song i binge listen to it like I listen
to it on repeat non-stop all day every
day don't know what this is but I'm
doing it and then I end up hating it I
don't know why I do it why you do that
to me why you do that to me huh on the
computer in the shower casually posing
this is the end I'm gonna shoot out but
at least we're gonna go out good music
during birth you got this I know you got
this you know you got this we all know
you got this but first you know what
will help a little music bring on the
baby I ruin good things I always do
I'll get obsessed with a movie and I
will never shut up about it have you
seen the new Hunger Games yet have you
seen the new Hunger Games yet have you
seen the new Hunger Games yet have you
seen the new Hunger Games yet have you
seen the new Hunger Games yet when I
love something I just want my friends to
love it too not too much to ask I think
not love what I love because I said so
the number one thing I'm obsessed with
is the Internet pretty obvious I'm
obsessed with all social media websites
and no one should try and change that no
one don't even try it but yes so those
are a few of my obsessions kind of weird
when you think about it getting obsessed
with something why do we do it it's not
really a good thing but either way I
want to hear some of your guys's biggest
obsessions so make sure to leave me a
comment below if you did enjoy this
week's video make sure the big thumbs up
because that's the best way to show me
and just things and stuff I don't know I
just like thumbs I'm obsessed with your
thumbs give me your thumbs give me your
thumbs huh also make sure to follow me
on all my social media websites check
out my merch on bye
Oh
