so last week I told you guys to submit
your own this is all videos and you did
and some of them are pretty freakin
awesome I'm gonna be watching and
reacting to them right here right now
let's do this hey what's up you guys
so basically last week I started to the
coke campaign I told you guys to submit
some of your different videos
what is ah basically uh is an
undescribable feeling it's like when you
take a sip of Coca Cola seconds spinning
with bubbles round of applause for
Austin OOP three people in one pair of
pants
listen it's three people hopping in the
field and a pair of pants casual Tuesday
afternoon whoa getting some GoPro
footage here that's sick this reminds me
my trip to Hawaii a lot the opening shot
where she comes out of the water in
Reverse whoa marching it again
ignore me so cool though that first shot
was really cool whoa this is so cool so
much talent oh my gosh that's so cool
that was so good and so creative oh my
gosh I was ah awesome how does she do
that I don't get it I don't get it coke
makes you do epic things so true that's
why I get to do epic things for the next
three weeks four weeks five weeks
forever
I'm so proud of you those were quality
videos do thumbs up so remember if you
want to join them this is our campaign
make sure to click the link below and
submit your own videos up to 15 seconds
of you doing something crazy cool
whatever you want just ami you could be
in a TV commercial hashtag this is off
thank you guys for submitting your
videos I loved watching them and now
they've inspired me to go make one of my
own let's go
it was ugly guys so today I'm gonna be
doing some parkour freerunning do this
this is gonna be interesting
here it's up Connor I'm Corey - dude
it's nice to meet you I'm a professional
freerunning athlete today we're gonna do
some pretty cool stuff I'm excited I'm
gonna push with my toes like a turtle
perfect actually not bad at all
that would feel a lot better actually
some things I already know
bring your running look at me Nick this
is our trampoline to the back and then
back to me thank you did get that one
pretty easily you want to focus and then
we wrap a full twist I feel like we just
went from beginner to advanced this
whole video is just me being like this
guy
like guys I had a lot of fun today it
was really awesome all experience to be
honest well I want to come back again
make sure the big thumbs up leave a
comment below
