hey what's up you guys it's Nicola don't
do that
sorry hey what's up you guys so today
I'm joined with my sister we Schmoe yeah
so my sister's in town and she's
visiting and I was like hey oh we should
film a video together exactly like that
so basically I just tweeted out some
questions and yeah we're gonna answers
I'm ready I suppose I don't know let's
go how many siblings do you guys have
who we have two other siblings if you
want to see a video with those two other
siblings you can click right here cuz we
did a video with all four of us right
here they can click it who takes longer
to get ready in the morning that you
need probably but I take a wild ones of
the day really I mean these pants so
just put on themselves I thought it was
gonna go over your head your spokes
they're too tight abs are like skin
tight if it appears when was the last
argument you had and what was it about
probably about what to eat for dinner I
mean you don't hit the hydro girl that
was a kid who's the best at catching
food in their mouth one chuckling if
Isaac I got it are you close
yes are you having a good time together
yes are you pregnant
yeah what was your favorite childhood
game to play together I personally
remember a flashlight at I was against a
flashlight and that night we'd go in the
backyard with like all our neighbors and
we'd have flashlights and we like get
shined on with the flashlight yeah we
run around on the dark with flashlights
especially me to play like every weekend
oh yeah who eats the most out of your
family okay we're gonna say our answer
on three one two three Brandon yes
Brandon eats so much my younger brother
we have dinner
like the two hours yeah it's like if we
someone's not back for even 30 still
he's just he's going and he's a little
quick love you be yeah would you rather
be a snail sized elephant or an elephant
sized snail I want to be a snail size
elephant was it cute would be way too
much in common
do you prefer pancakes or waffles
pancakes waffles actually I love uncle
well yesterday's waffles whoa oh my god
I was like waffle peas with a little bit
pork belly on top and this like maple
syrup amazingness biggest shoutouts to
Susan Feniger like Queen awesome music
other links below we spent the day with
her which the farmers record and stuff
and yeah she's really freaking awesome
and amazing and so nice I think it's
safe to say I love her
do you own any Connor Franta merch no
I'm me Python just took my knees links
below who's better-looking you pick who
is sexier feet you pick who's funnier me
who cries the most drink sad movies to
be honest our whole family cries recent
movies we have an emotional family you
probably yeah you probably do more
you're like mom doesn't even have to be
a wee primary chopped ones uh if you had
to describe each other with one emoji
what would it be
do you know what emojis are just picking
sugar first up to look I feel like her
did you know mine already you thought
about this before
something just came to mind you always
use the one where it's like what the
teeth is just like um I would pick any
of the food emojis but also you kind of
somewhat resemble the girl with the pink
shirt I like this I see it yeah you
could be the salsa dancer oh my god will
you sit on my face no are you laughter
you are no
no sound like mom no well that pretty
much concludes our Q&A yeah dr. bad bad
thanks for being on my channel thanks
for coming to California to visit me not
a lot of yourself technically two days
left Jim any of you want to follow
mickeleh she has a Twitter which you
just started using and she also has a
blog I tweeted three times hey any more
than last time we had the video together
yeah her links will be in the downbar
below and you should follow her also
might not know them too Oh
but yeah make sure this video a big
thumbs up leave a comment below bye
