you know this morning I got a nosebleed
and this afternoon I also got another
nosebleed so if my nose begins to bleed
during this video I am so sorry hey
what's up you guys so ah uh uh it's a
Friday video oh yeah random Friday video
what's it been like three months I don't
know let's not talk about it but yes so
sometimes I like to just kind of take up
my camera and just talk to it talk to
you guys about something that's been on
my mind
I tend up close on Fridays so yeah and
recently with all the crazy stuff I've
been doing I always say that all the
crazy stuff I've been doing it's just
dawned on me that a lot of these
experiences give me a certain feeling
it's a little hard to explain so I need
to give you some situations the best way
I can describe it is to say that it's
undescribable it's a feeling of like awe
and amazing and just it's a lot of feels
I get a lot of feels from this feeling
yes listen up so I realized I get this
feeling when I worked really hard for
something back in high school just from
hours and hours a week and it was all
leading up to one meet the national swim
meet and I would train and train and
train and for me
the build-up hit when I finally made it
my junior year it was like an
undescribable feeling of like
butterflies in your stomach and just it
was like the best feeling that you could
get that you didn't know you could get
if that makes any sense
another time very similar to that is
when I qualify for state in cross
country again
I was so hard for something and it
finally was mine I finally attained what
I worked for but I also tend to get this
feeling when I do something extreme when
I'm getting my adrenaline pumpin bs so a
lot of you guys don't know I actually
have been skydiving before back to
summer after I graduated high school I
went skydiving in Australia of all
places and there's no better way to
describe this feeling than jumping out
of an airplane by myself okay I was with
a person I jumped by myself let's just
not imagine that bad things would happen
with one other person trusting that
person out of an airplane in Australia a
different country today I'd never been
to before just a whole bunch of emotions
let me tell you again I got this feeling
when I went bungee jumping the other
week I jumped off a bridge what kind of
feeling is that an amazing one
I don't know I've really enjoyed hits
and I finally leads up to meeting you
guys I attend things like playlist live
VidCon I have my own meetups all the
time and I always always always always
get this feeling when I see you guys
going to play us live it's not just
completely normal until I got swarmed by
all your beautiful faces and it really
puts things into perspective like I have
two million subscribers those are two
million people you you you will you and
you and you and you and your dude that's
a lot of people so when I go to these
events and I can see those people
actually and interact with those people
it just it gives me that gives me the
feels what can I say it gives me the
feels
I like it I do I really like it I do oh
yes I just wanted to kind of describe
that feeling you guys because I've been
getting it a lot lately and I realized
I've had it a lot throughout my life and
I really really enjoy it I don't know I
feel like everyone gets out of something
so I don't know what do you get yours
out of leave in the comments below but
that basically leads me into my final
point of this video guys I've been
working on a super-secret project and
it's finally happening are you ready are
you ready can I get a drumroll please
the next four weeks on this channel I
will be partnering up with the amazing
coca-cola oh yeah I guess I'm really
excited to be working with coca-cola
because they're gonna send me on some of
those inspired experiences I get to do
more things Wow and you get to watch but
like I was describing before aww
experiences are experiences that words
cannot describe it's like the feeling
you get when you take a sip of a
coca-cola see like that so some of the
next videos you have things like the
polar coasters and race cars and parkour
and just a bunch of really cool things
but before I do any of that
I need your guys's help I need you to go
grab a coke like these and go record
some of your own all moments and submit
them to the link in the downbar these
moments are pretty much whatever all
means to you by cementing yours you not
only helped me but you also have a
chance of being in the next coca-cola
commercial how cool is that
pretty gosh-darn cool that would be an
all moment in itself just fans I'm gonna
be reacting to some of the best ones in
my next week's video and using them to
be inspired to create something of my
own and you know how my mind works it's
crazy so it's just gonna be insane I'm
not crazy
my ideas are Oh videos gotta be 15
seconds or less so you better do it
quick again submit them in the link
below or use the hashtag
but yes so is my exciting announcement
I'm still gonna be doing my normal
Monday videos but now I get to do a
bunch of Friday too but yeah in all
honesty I really can't encourage you
guys enough to do things like this like
what I think hmmm what have I done in my
life I think of these experiences so I
can't stress it enough don't do some
cool things live a little
what let's just live a little but yes
sir if you guys are excited for the next
four weeks please give this video a
thumbs up leave a comment below follow
me on all my social media websites
