have I worn this in the video before I
don't know but I'm wearing it now so
deal with it hey what's up you guys so
this week I'm brought back to you with
another Q&A you guys seem to have all
the questions for me so I need to give
you some answers this works perfectly
cuz as this video is posted
I am completely I'm far away I'm nowhere
near where I live so we're just gonna
Chuck through all these questions and
give you some answers probably not you
guys know how I am I have a weight I
just avoid things some may call me
sarcastic others may say boo eh yep
let's get right into it
hello Hey am I gonna be in your video or
not please stop that do you eat brunch
what was your exact reaction when you
found out you've been verified please do
a reenactment so if you guys don't know
my Twitter recently got verified
literally all that means is it got a
blue check to it like that pretty isn't
it and it pretty much went something
like this oh my god
oh and that continued for several hours
not my proudest moment be happy for me
have you ever gotten hit on someone way
older than you you mean like a mom
actually I have never really a joke when
I say moms love me cuz they do they like
to hit on me it's flattering really if
you have any zoo animals a pet what
would you choose definitely a tiger oh
wait what's your favorite song at the
moment cultivate my music taste okay I'm
gonna do it I got this idea from Tyler
Oakley and Troye Sivan we've all become
obsessed with Spotify and we all use it
on the daily so if you want to know what
I'm listening to just go over there and
follow me the link will be in the
downbar below like no joke I felt so
much good and new music that I've never
heard of and I'm just that did I like it
it's good go follow me if you had to
change your first name what would you
change it - honestly I used to hate my
first name and I don't really know why I
think it's cuz I had several friends
growing up that had the same name but
spelled different and everyone just
spelled it wrong and just global but no
I actually love my name I wouldn't
change it playlist or VidCon for all of
you that do not know both of those are
YouTube conventions and fun fact as this
video is posted I am in Florida at
playlist live and it's coming June I'll
be at VidCon I don't think I can really
pick a favorite though because they're
both like the highlights of
my year youtubers YouTube people YouTube
viewers YouTube YouTube YouTube don't
you know it's so good if you had a
chance to tend one of them for both
weirdest fan interaction I don't know
but I'm sure I'll have a new one after
this weekend I swear I love you guys can
you say something in Dutch something in
Dutch I feel funny what is your
recommendation on audible.com slash
Conners okay so as you guys know once a
month I recommend a new book on
audible.com slash Connor and I'm so
excited for this one it's a book written
by one of my favorite people
Ellen breaking DeGeneres she has a book
called seriously I'm kidding which that
title is basically my life and I have
not listened to it yet but I'm going to
because she is literally my favorite
person in the world I'm assuming it's
gonna be hilarious because she could she
could breathe it would be funny let's be
real here but yes so if you want that
book or another book because there's a
hundred fifty thousand different ones go
click the link below sign up and look at
your first one free freaking read a book
life the universe everything explained
if you could have one superpower what
would it be the power to not give up
already had so huh so how big is it okay
let's be real here it's about quick
games about this strong - - just sorry
about it what did you feel in the
earthquake if you do not know California
had an earthquake this weekend I have
never felt an earthquake before I my
pants to say the least
I was dreaming my dream started shaking
I woke up and everything was shaking in
real life I was scared I was Willy Willy
skilled to be honest I texted like
everyone I know I'm like what the is
going on everybody hold me and finally
where's a place that you really want to
visit but you haven't been able to go to
yet I'm really really excited cuz I get
to go so many places this year I've
already been to San Francisco I've
already been to Hawaii I'm going to
Florida I get to go to England soon
possibly Italy in just a lot of other
places but the one place that I really
really want to get to is New Zealand
won't that be nice stay away go back
eggs but ok guys that's it sorry for the
quick little choppy video but like I
said I'm a little busy this week and
stuff but yeah so make sure to this
video a big one of these leave a comment
below follow me on my social media
website - bye
