Oh your daddy seems good I guess we
can't I'm taking this video to the next
episode this like symbol this might be
the raunchiest Connor Franta video I've
ever seen and you're gonna be a part of
it I'm so honored I'm so honored and
flattered to be here thank you
hey what's up you guys so today I'm
joined with Sawyer Hartman
and we will be doing a collab where we
clap a long time ago but like a year ago
a year ago so weird to do we're going
for a new one so on Sawyer's channel we
were like searching tumblr for some
weird stuff but we wanted to take it to
a little bit of the neck a little weird
a little weird okay it is about to get
rich it's about to get weird like we're
like work for me to say it's gonna get
weird like it's about to get weird so
first of all I got this video idea from
Tyler is race so reacted to videos like
two girls one cup one man one car girl
kids in a sandbox which I'm excited for
you see because I got screwed over in
high school that one I'm a relatively
clean like not this kind of a person
so I'd haven't seen a lot of these and
I'm just I'm ready to be disturbed yeah
no comment I've actually I see little
bits I saw a part of two girls one cup
when I was like 13 yep that's it I
haven't seen any of the other ones
you're speaking of kids in a sandbox
they made me put on a Best Buy they told
me it was like this funny thing it
wasn't funny
I still still carry it with me like nine
years man but yeah so we're just gonna
be reacting we're not gonna show on the
screen because they're explicit I'm sure
you'll hear it though you don't even go
and search these save yourselves let's
start them oh here we go what's first
you want to ease into it with cake farts
cake farts yeah see okay no time have
you seen it no I got a funny thing to
say about cake farts to be honest it
sounds magical whenever someone tells me
they haven't seen it I showed them oh I
like so you're like I'm not like into it
I don't why can you stand for cake
yeah we're over 18 are you no you look
very useful I'm 12 for you guys we'll
make sure to like give them a visual
where it's applicable my Internet's
lower than the old man with one leg and
no cane and he can't hop she's got a bad
knee
cake farts sorry going to widescreen it
looks a close-up on this cake which
actually was delicious
this threesome is not a fake cake you
see know what I like the most
cake 5 go into it cheese oh she's
already good get this done done she's
circling it as like a vulture and it's
our prey
you know this is a fetish oh whoa on the
cake okay okay okay I'm just too much in
shock I don't know what to do okay
that's it that's it oh my god what did
we just watch we watched a girl's party
on Kate she was really into it yeah she
circled the cake for a good twice I
think she were just like figuring out
her approach I know that she likes all
gets lit a wish like I'm just gonna sit
on it what's next
do you want to step it up a notch and go
right to one man one jar I haven't seen
it prepare to throw up here you find it
oh whoa is that it is it just that thing
looks weird mine doesn't look like that
oh it's not a jar looks like a beehive I
can't do it again where's the jar going
I'll be back Jose you get it better did
it break oh that one is that no dude
maybe try oh dude how's he not making
any noise
he's like a Buddhist monk I've never
watched this far are you sure this isn't
what you wanted to do but would you
wanted to why is this Weiner look like
that I've done with this video it's a
guy is like squatting over the ground
with a jar and Sean throw
I want to know what one jar one
screwdriver will no ha ha wait oh god
whatever I just have a feeling was idle
screwdriver
sweet baby this wasn't even on the lid
out get it out FBI's you like shovel my
door dude were doing this on my internet
oh he was bleeding that wasn't around
the list you did that Google did that I
blame Google flips Knicks half my
problems let's go two girls one cup okay
good
at least no one does yeah that's the
case you don't want kids in a sandwich
what we are not watching peel FX no this
isn't about what you watch with your
audience once I don't care I'm gonna try
to keep straight Fez I like with music
okay oh Jesus like Dairy Queen she's
chewing it like a mama bird oh it's so
much can we just take a moment to like
don't you listen to the music okay so
elevator I'm never gonna be allowed in
an elevator again that was it
there's no more they could ever pop back
up and like scary I can't even go in an
elevator anymore have to take the stairs
and I'm not about that life when the
music comes on don't close your eyes or
you'll see that I'm uncomfortable walk
right down I think I hide the pain are
we gonna end this with the kids in the
sandbox because I don't know if I want
to hear you searches no you need to
research it show me where you can watch
kids in sandbox with us I know it's just
it's just three kids playing in the
sandbox
I heard it's like the cutest video on
the internet or something no you want to
see this man wait those up look at kids
yeah no it is kids they're just in a
sandbox so it's it's not as well
I'm a girl it's not porn kinda okay
watch out little square it's literally
called pornography Wikipedia pornography
that's not what I wanted no I'll just
watch wait watch oh oh my god
what do you think Connor and my twin
guys what des sandbox even I've chosen
the chosen people man I'm sweatin you've
seen worse
I'm sure crashing up I'm gonna do
anything now I'm permanently scarred and
they gave an eye twitch I feel get my
eyes definitely twitching this videos
gone too far I'm done with this
oh I feel great though you feel great
cuz I know this has prepared me for
anything else I could see the resident
for the rest of the day just today oh
man well I hope you guys could hear it
don't look it up don't search it you
don't want to and if you do it's not
because of us you made that decision on
your hundred yes I do editing I'm
getting ideas
oh let's everyone treat me like I see
you right now over Gord if you laughed
at us at any point in the video you need
to donate your thumbs for us I need all
of them don't don't eat up the kids in
the sandbox you're gonna do weird things
with them I'm pretty sure that was this
spoon like a banana leave a comment
below what's the weirdest video you've
ever seen bought something not so fucked
up but still kind of friggin messed up
we search tumblr research tumblr online
and that's funny it was a good mixture
funny weird and like fun anything funny
pretty much funny yeah we wanna laugh go
over there and while you're over there
give it a thumbs up comment subscribe to
Sawyer makes good videos I'm so scarred
I've got scars out of it I don't even
know like well I'm just saying you know
somebody had to fill those somebody had
to edit those
somebody was the cameraman upload all of
those like I hope it was monetized y2m
thanks for
thanks for being on my channel I'm glad
to be here
are you really Oh make sure they cook
all of our social media links and our
bonus Buy that was such like a reach
over huh I'm done
