the Sun yellow yellow hiya
what's up how's it going two videos in a
few days he's killing it folks he's
killing it it dead before I begin yes I
would like to point out I am wearing my
own clothes and yes you can also get one
of these right now my clothing that's
under benefit is calm should be on Urban
Outfitters calm right now just a little
reminder if you want any of the clothing
that I made click link down below
because you can get it today and tweet
me pictures if you do I want to know for
reasons
back to reality okay I haven't done a
Q&A in a really long time so I think
today we should do a Q&A that rhymed
we'll just be in your video now vintage
or modern I love a mix of both but I
feel like if I had to pick vintage yeah
we'll go with vintage who are you
rooting for and all-stars 3 ah the
hard-hitting questions
it's really tough I really really love
the cast this year but if I had to pick
I'm gonna pick two because I simply
could not pick one
I really would be happy if like any of
the Queens one at the moment I'm rooting
for Trixie and Ben - oh crap
they're just so good if you could have
anyone narrate your life story who would
it be
I mean like the obvious choice here is
Morgan Freeman but the less obvious
choice is like a three-year-old imagine
how cute it would be if a little
three-year-old who can barely talk
narrates your entire life story
ah and then he was born and what
question Minnesota it'd be so cute are
you feeling yellow honestly I was gonna
say a different color but I'm kind of
feeling yellow right now Clayface masks
pesky face masks or sheep face masks the
more you say face masks the wieder
saying face mask like inflated the more
you say face masks the harder it is to
say face mask oh my god I think they
meant to say peeling face masks because
I have no idea what a pesky face mask
kiss me when the face mask is difficult
it's a pesky face mask cheese face masks
if I want to be doing things while
having a face mask on play face masks if
I'm feeling crafty and peely face masks
if I need an activity does that make any
sense oh okay
moving on what's your favorite outfit at
the moment probably this one I put that
together in New York and I was
thoroughly feeling myself that entire
day thoroughly I look cute I was
incredibly vain every time I saw a
mirror I was like who's that damn that's
a fun I asked man what would
ten-year-old con say about you I'm hella
gay rape my cat please Oh honestly me
checking my phone right as I wake up in
the morning it's good - you look as the
brights great cute that's adorable cute
squinty cat ten out of ten any good book
recommendations
thank you for asking as you guys know I
frequently work with my friends over
audible and this video is no different
audible is leading provider of
audiobooks with tons of different titles
audible selection of audiobooks original
shows news comedy and much much more is
unmatched this week I want to recommend
you guys a book that I really recently
finished listening to called little
fires everywhere by Celeste ng I live in
Los Angeles so I'm in the car a lot and
I travel a lot so I'm in planes a lot so
I find that audiobooks are super
convenient and really enjoyable little
fires everywhere was such a good book
follows these basically two families in
this little town one family just moves
to the town to the other family already
exists there the family's relationships
start intertwining and as the book goes
on little things start happening in each
person's life and everything starts to
crossover and the last 50 pages of the
book let me tell you the last 50 pages
of the book had me on edge so if you
want to listen to that or a different
book use audible.com slash Connor or Tex
Connor 2 5 0 0 - 5 0 0 - get a free
audiobook I'll put the link down below
but it's an amazing service you get a
free book once you sign up it's really
fantastic
again that is audible.com slash Connor
listen to a buck biggest fashion
inspiration at the moment there's this
brand icon recently called bode that I
really love they use a lot of vintage
fabrics and quilts and patterns and it's
just really beautiful
so probably them or just forever Mitch
Grassi what is your main goal for March
this if I'm being honest its to not get
sick from travel I'm traveling a lot and
I'm a little bit scared I'm gonna get
ill that's the goal okay but like what
happened to her she was so pretty she
was so pretty
the sad truth is I didn't own that so
she's probably just got taken down she
literally got thrown in the trash one me
- tragic what's your favorite movie at
the moment I saw the movie The Phantom
thread recently and I was so in love
with it you can sue
standing into the canvas of coke when I
was a boy I started to hide things and
the linings of the garments it's just a
beautiful film and that acting the
cinematography a storyline everything
about it was so beautiful and I was
absolutely obsessed with it but I also
have a lot of friends that hated it so I
guess it might not be for everyone it's
up for a bunch of Oscars so obviously
it's pretty good but quickly would you
guys be interested if I did a video
where I review and talk about pretty
much any film that's up for an Oscar
I've seen like 99% of them and I have a
lot of opinions so I'm just curious
shape of water
phantom thread call me by our name Lady
Bird need i say more let me know in the
comments down below but see Fanta threat
it's great can you give me an update on
your succulents please I mean they're
like thriving I've had many succulents
but plants in general they're living
there living sweetie thanks for asking
they appreciate it
what's the best and worst thing about
America in your honest opinion things
took a turn so quick god damned if I'm
being honest in my opinion the best
thing about America is how diverse it is
from the people to the landscape to the
culture it's so cool that each
individual state that's a part of our
country has unique qualities to it so
every time I go traveling I see that and
I feel that and I guess I appreciate it
a little bit more the worst part about
America it's probably how stuck in the
past
a lot of the people are so many people
follow the original rules and guidelines
and amendments things that were written
countless years ago they follow them as
if they are forever a truth and they're
forever the way things should be things
mind you that were written by people
that were racist homophobic misogynistic
and people grasp onto those things as if
they were forever going to be the truth
and that's just sad that people are
stuck in the past it's really really sad
want to name my hedgehog I can't think
of a good name
he's a boy by the way oh my beauty it's
an old man
Oh No Oh name him Oscar little Oscar
name him Oscar I'm set on Oscar cute
precious Hedgehog ten over ten who would
you like to be in the next life at this
point I'm pretty set on a hedgehog okay
that's it thanks for listening you guys
I hope you're enjoying this lovely
Monday again to remind you for the
millionth time make sure to go check out
the clothes I did with Urban Outfitters
just click the link down below or go to
one of the following 50 stores and pick
up one of my pieces of clothes today
it'll be the first link in the
description and would mean the world to
me but yeah other than that I hope
you're having a great day I love you
thank you great pretty cool you deserve
everything and more I think I'm gonna go
so if you enjoyed this video please
click the like button leave a comment
down below
