yeah so that happened okay what's up you
guys as you just saw I did something a
little bit crazy the other day yeah that
was such a weird noise let's backtrack a
little bit the last week on this channel
I hit 2 million subscribers first of all
thank you oh my god that's so crazy it's
so crazy me that I hit 2 million because
I feel like I just hit a million like
yesterday that's pretty amazing thank
you because it's literally all because
of you and because I hit 2 million I was
like okay I need to do something once
again hitting a big milestone and I need
to be creative and do something crazy
so my youtube network came with the idea
to send me bungee jumping but I was like
what a-ha a-ha that's not that original
people have done this people have done
this in many different ways but I really
wanted to do it because I'm kind of an
adrenaline junkie I don't know I like
jumping off of things
it's mcdonough yeah I was like hmmm what
could I do what could I do
and then it came to me I know you guys
love learning more about me and doing
things that are personal so I decided to
add my mom into the mix so I flew my
mama for a big weekend of fun and yeah
we jumped off a bridge bonding how cute
let the story begin we had to wake up at
5 a.m. is it even legal to get up this
early boy that was fun I mean really no
it was kind of pretty look at that
sunset oh I got me some coffee so I was
ready to go by the way side note to get
to this bungee jump we had to hike five
miles
I repeat five miles there five miles
back that is ten miles I'm not into that
okay I'm not about that life can I
virtually do it can I do it online is
there an app for it I don't know but I'm
physical activity yep but so we got the
hike it was pretty cool we were walking
walking some more looking at things I
see that's more crossing rivers biking
more crossing more rivers there was a
bunch of nature a more nature or more
nature oh my god a bridge more nature
just a little bit more nature oh my god
what is that bug side note one of my
favorite quotes from the trip was I
forgot how much I love nature because
I'm so afraid of it me May
but yeah so here's me being tired
exercise I'm not cut out for this here's
me being confused usually not having it
here's me just doing something what am I
even doing right there more nature what
is that my god can we just get to the
bungee-jumping
and then we got there by the end of that
I was ready to jump off the bridge in
many ways we started suiting up putting
on all of our harnesses putting on our
helmets getting all strapped in and
safety things by the way I was surprised
how actually safe bungee jumping was
very comforting very comforting and then
the moment of truth presently enough my
mom volunteered to go first no she's one
to set an example or something but she
wanted to go first so yeah here's that
my mom just jumped on a branch I'm
having a moment you didn't then it was
time for me to go and I was let's say
really nervous at one point I really
wanted my mom to push me off the bridge
I thought I was gonna belicoff it and
I'll strong and all like manly and stuff
but then it turned into her having to
like verbally push me off that bridge
she had to yell at me to get me to jump
off the bridge yep me skin real isn't it
remember your mom did it did you
double-check the lock double-checked
you're all set
okay
that was amazing
let's just say I kind of enjoyed it so I
jumped four more times roll montage for
two million
yep so for 2 million subscribers I
jumped off a bridge with my mom and yeah
that was my trip I wanna give a big
shout-out to my YouTube Network full
screen for flying my mom out and paying
for me to bungee jump break it awesome I
love you guys thank you so much also
want to give a quick shout out to Bungie
America because they were awesome and I
had a great trip speaking of crazy
things let me know if you guys enjoyed
this video and if you want me to do some
more of them I pretty much will do
anything to be honest throw me out of a
plane I don't really care I also have
tons of extra footage from that
experience so I'm gonna be putting up on
my second channel it's gonna be a cool
little montage thing so it's either
gonna be up right now or later today or
the next day I solemnly swear I will
upload that video ASAP so go over there
and subscribe and of course if you did
enjoy this video and if you're one of my
2 million subscribers give it a big
thumbs up put a lot of effort into it I
jumped off a bridge five times and I
flew my mom up from Minnesota so yeah
get me old thumbs so yeah so make sure
to follow me on all my social media
links in turn bye
fun fact I slept for 12 hours straight
after that experience I was dead tired
oh my god
