seriously play with my hair way too much
it's the typhoon over because the last
couple days have been crazy sassy
hey what's up you guys so today I am
back in my room but I never left I guess
on this channel I was in Hawaii
fun fact maybe I'll tell you more about
that in a different video I don't know a
dildo I don't know okay so if you guys
do not know the past couple days in the
West Side coast have been pretty frickin
crazy there's been some insane weather
like it has been pouring for three days
straight and it doesn't do that here I
don't think I've barely seen a drop of
water fall from the sky let alone like 6
inches of it it doesn't rain here I
don't know I don't know how that's
possible but it doesn't but either way
so the other morning I was woken up by
this really loud storm at like 7:30 so
it was past the point of being nice and
calming but then I got really scared cuz
it was really really loud and I was like
I'm on a hill what if my house falls off
is that even possible
I don't know but my mind jumped to that
conclusion and I got I got really scared
I'm gonna be real here I was scared but
basically that's what sparked this video
idea so this week I will be talking
about jumping to conclusions here we go
my mind does this all the time you you
do this to me I bite you if I could I
don't get it something little will
happen I'm just like oh my god the
world's gonna end I noticed this with a
lot of my friends too a lot of my family
a lot of everyone I know everyone just
seems to jump to crazy conclusions first
example the storm last night in what
world does my mind immediately think
it's raining my house is gonna fall off
a hill I don't know I do not know
what was that is it raining
it never does that here oh my god thank
Connor what do you do what do you do
what about that one time that your
friend told you that their house fall
off a hill that's stupid or is it oh my
god I'm a wuss
another time this happens to me is what
I hear about like a car accident or
something bad that happened my mind
willed me to be like oh my god I know
the person in that accident I
immediately just like I need to call all
my friends and family I need to make
sure they're okay I don't care if
they're watching movie on care if
they're pooping I need to call them just
to make sure my hand is shaking look at
it hello what is wrong with you know him
again hey sweetie oh hey mom it's me
again
you know just checking in to see how you
are how your days been going are you
still breathing are you still breathing
mom honey I'm um taking a shit I'm
taking a shit okay that's all I needed
to know I love you goodbye I love you
too and think you're crazy anytime any
part of my body feels pain or I feel
sick or I just don't feel right
I'm dying you're dying we're all dying
doesn't that freak you out freaks me out
a little bit you'd think with a dad
that's a doctor I wouldn't be worried
about this but he's basically my
personal hotline so ha me call dr. Berta
with all your problems dad my toe hurts
fix it my toe is throbbing amputated
just amputated I can do this I know what
has to be done uh uh-huh
there you go oh uh I think it's gone oh
well anytime someone calls me out of the
blue that doesn't normally call me or
even like my parents when they call me I
just think oh my god why is this person
calling me this isn't 2010 tweet me text
me don't Facebook me I don't look at
that my mind jumps to this crazy
conclusion they're pissed they are
pissed at me and I'm about to feel the
raft
Oh Oh
our Garr what if she looked under my bed
and finally found the mass amounts of
presents I got it from her birthday what
if she doesn't like them I'm not ready
Oh hmm somebody hold me when you text
someone and they don't respond right
away I freaked the fuck out I need to
realize that people have lives and
aren't always looking at their phones
the world does not revolve around me my
texts can wait but I don't get it yet I
don't understand that time in between
sending your message and receiving a
reply is just a one big emotional
breakdown mental physical all the
breakdowns happen I'm gonna text my
crush I love you very subtle son and now
we wait
was it too much do they hate me fine why
I doesn't love you please respond please
respond hey I need a response to a
response from my mom I hate you
goddamnit all right if you're in a
relationship and the person you're with
says they happen to have met someone
nice today on the outside you like oh
that's cool but on the inside you're
like what is their name where did you
meet them who are they where are they
from and why are you cheating on me hey
honey guess what I've met some new
people today and they were so awesome oh
you did well I will end them oh I will
end them um please don't do that
mmm that's right huh that person you
don't want to be that person and finally
the phrase We Need to Talk I think no
matter what whether you're in a
relationship or not if you hear those
words you're like why why would you
phrase it like that how bad is it what
did I do
I didn't need to Adso can we fix it I
your mind goes to we're breaking up our
friendship is over oh my god babe yeah
we need to talk about how amazing and
beautiful and perfect I am ah no no it's
definitely about how amazing beautiful
and perfect I am
oh my god she's insane I'm awesome
but yeah I tend to jump to a lot of
conclusions we all get a little crazy
sometimes we want to think the worst
before we think the best but not
positivity optimism have some peace of
mind people but yes that's all I've got
to say but I want to know what you guys
have to say so leave a comment below at
some of the situations that you tend to
jump to conclusions on other than that
make sure of this video big one of these
follow me on all my social media links
are bi conclusions i'ma jump to them
whole
