look at it I'm ready I'm ready
hey what's up you guys so today I'm here
with one of my best friends Ricky Dillon
hello Wow I'm currently recovering from
being shake I guess I can't wait you
can't do that I can't make high-pitched
noises right now that's my impression of
a pterodactyl or C Bo you choose yes so
Ricky nutmeg we made videos together
before it's been a while though just us
two it's been a year just what's her
ship named Whitney runner Rahner
nice weird about us climbing then we're
like oh my god yes I don't waited for
Monica Lab forever oh my god but yes so
today we are going to be playing a
little game called two truths one lies
you guys are gonna be learning a little
bit more about us learning some of our
dicas de az√∫car star Dickus darkest
secrets haha our deepest darkest
Schneider pretty juicy to be online or -
I got some all you learn more about each
other as well this stuff you've probably
forgotten on here so I'll find out if
you were a fake fan or not
Connor of me the pressure is ah oh my
god yeah so I say we just get right into
it so we'll have points right here in
here the winner gets to tweet off yeah
there's Twitter so the winner gets to
tweet off the losers Twitter like if we
whatever they want as long as it's not
like dirty and dad's of and whatever
actually mine you can probably do
something dirty if you want I'm a clean
guy so anyway in case people at home
don't know what's going on I basically
will read three facts and it's five
rounds and like say I read three here's
a guess which one out of those three is
a lie yes so I'll be the two truths and
one lie and you have to get the lie
I'll go first here we go I have a
c-shaped scar somewhere on my head I
have an underdeveloped third nipple and
the bump on my head you know the both on
my head is from when I was little I
tripped and hit a wall it's all like
believable define underdeveloped third
nipple
it is what it is I don't believe the C
shaped scar that's not what I hear oh
that's true yeah that's cool it's
literally a c-shape Scott that's from
when I was little I bought my bed and
hid a dresser Oh underdeveloped third
nipple
I'm Harry style basically okay my turn I
have a scuba diving license my first
kiss was during math class
Highschool we both went to the bathroom
but then kits in the hall and then my
uncle is Mexican which one is July I
know you have a scuba diving license
how'd you know that
you've told me I feel like the first
kiss one is why is that why yes I
completely made it up my first kiss was
in this trail behind a real friend's
house okay my turn
I used to raise sheep when I was younger
I had a butterfly collection growing up
and I had a rabbit when I was rendered
that hoot itself today you told me that
a lot I knew that was true which is sad
I'll raise sheep that's so random
I bet the lies about her fly there was
something else there yes mm that's me
right yeah you're raising sheep I would
used to bring sheep to the fair every
year so made my friends would raise
sheep can you tell him from a small town
like between the ages of like eight and
twelve and then my butterfly collection
was actually a bug collection I was such
a good night when I raised sheep and I
had a bug Gus I really nerdy that's
gonna be that's more like piggish what
is that racist
I don't know this was kind of tricky
tricky stick hey Ricky the fur seal aqui
okay Tyler the first Youtube gathering
slash event I ever went to was VidCon
the first YouTube friend I ever met in
person was that so Jack and my youtube
channel was deleted for a week one time
is tricky
yeah it is tricky so it's Jack VidCon
and my channel was a weed for a week at
one time I know that's true yeah they
all know I'm gonna guess the jack what
is false correct
Andrew was the first friend Andrew III
thought of some random person you still
intact
no who's Andrew got a flat first yeah my
first always become too cool so you're
reading you two to one yes beat it okay
I've done a triathlon before I was the
state YMCA champion in the thousand
meter freestyle and I've met Michael
Phelps and I know you met Michael you
told me about it I waited outside his
restaurant like a little creeper with my
friends I wasn't alone I would have been
at zero so you grant triathlon and I've
done a triathlon and I was a YMCA state
champion and a thousand that is way too
specific you have never done a trial
phone before nope I've done a triathlon
I got third but I was state champion in
the mile
oh stop there I thought you knew that
though that's something else really good
tell it I remember like the specific
amount
I know something you know that was an
easy one for you alright the first sport
that I ever played was tennis I had the
same name as my dad and the first person
I ever made youtube videos with was my
girlfriend in high school I know that
you have the same name is your dad
Richard both your middle name and first
things are the same or not the whole
yeah because the whole name is I'm the
second like junior but everyone called I
know you're really good at tennis and
you've always played tennis but I'm
trying to think I am really good at
tennis Thanks I'm gonna say the test one
is why was it a different sport you're
right Iowa but it may be with my
ex-girlfriend we meet her making videos
and I was like her manager it was weird
um what you were correct the first part
I played was basketball there's weird
lighting right now we have like stripes
like a tiger oh yes
oh so it's three two one you're cleaning
me good job wait what was the first
sport you played basketball I played I
was like six suck at basketball I was
okay I'll be math but I wasn't good
ordinated
I was a good at shooting I had to granny
shoot I think you'll get this one I've
shaved my legs before I was prom king
and I hate the sound that brooms and
toothbrushes make okay well this is easy
cuz you know your prompt you a
homecoming king though maybe shoo hold
on okay I know you've shaved your legs
you did it last year equip me I'm gonna
be talking about that you shaved your
whole body that's fun I've shaved my
whole body
I'm gonna guess prom can I think it was
homecoming king I was homecoming yes I'm
a good friend I remember I hate the
sound the toothbrushes make and it's
really enough you're sweeping like a
broom it literally sends shivers on my
whole body and I don't know I'm not way
about certain stuff my hair is doing its
own thing right now what you doing here
my favorite Pokemon is Bulbasaur the
first video me and you were in together
was my only one music video only one the
song and my first car was a red truck I
know the music video was wrong because
the first video we ran together was the
calm email video but a tricky with that
yeah good job
I feel of a good memory yeah popo's my
favorite of all time and my first car
was a red truck like a week four I got
my is my mom's old one I got her and
blue one blue g and 90m an orange one
yeah all the colors might have all been
black
there's my turn this is the last round
okay my last one is so hard for all the
jenna Marbles
when I was born I nearly died because I
had a certain illness but later on wife
this is the second fact I'm healthy but
I've had one surgery and the last one is
somehow managed to
myself with a spoon whose weirdoes fit
ones to random I'm sure you could done
it before so the sim I was literally
like ha ha ha I bet the first one I bet
you it wasn't near death we did haven't
known that I actually did almost die I
don't know what it was called but I had
a very terminal illness that I almost
died I was in the hospital for like
months oh my god so you haven't had
surgery I never lie oh the only day I've
ever had done his wisdom teeth that's
not like surgery if I did that too it
was awful it was I swelled up like a
chipmunk the hardest one
you're really gonna know it right away
or you can be stopped okay the first
oats remember I ever clap it's with JC
caylen the first oats remember I ever
talked to an Internet with JC caylen the
first oats remember I ever met in person
with JC caylen oh my god
wait this is hard oh my god this is hard
cuz I know you were friends with Keon
and Sam for so long so collabed met and
talked to what opera dude I'm gonna say
talk to his wife it's a line nope what
is this JC with the first PO talk to the
why is the collab a collab at Kenan
Stanford just key in first and I met JC
in person first by about five seconds
because I was waved in at the airport he
got in the car first and met me then Sam
yoky and got out what did I meet for
Soto as well and it means they see the
same time you walked in late after
VidCon and we met you yeah it was Sam's
mom actually if she picked me up but I
had no idea where she was so you beat me
again I win
so let me to get to tweet again yeah
yeah I play my Twitter the results are
in every one when I'm tweeting for
Ricky's Twitter is winner winner chicken
dinner lay in bed you lost again oh
mylanta
welcome back King Francis here's a
creative way by me usually when I do
these I'm just like I eat poop between
it well okay but in all seriousness Rick
and I know each other pretty well
because we've known each other for years
YouTube's besties yeah all said it was
just over two years now saying hashtag
Rahner
thumbnail hello FBI just called me it
was a home break-in every 15 seconds so
the more you know but okay so I hope you
guys enjoyed this week's video with
Ricky and if you did make sure the big
thumbs up give it a thumb give it forth
oh yeah uh-huh okay so for the comments
below we're gonna play a little game of
2 truths 1 lie with you guys we're gonna
tell you two truths and you guys are
gonna have to
the one line out of them okay let's do
this
Oh 2l was not the first collab channel
that we've been in together Connor is
the very first youtuber I've ever lived
with and the first trip that we ever
took together was to New York which one
is the lie leave it in a comment below
just let you guys know we also did
another video on Ricky's channel Ricky
what did we do we did a new challenge
that we made up it's called a theme song
challenge it's pretty fun though click
me or the link below and check it out
yes a lot of like old school TV show
songs and theme songs and all that stuff
so it's pretty good and it's pretty
funny too so click his face click the
link below go check it out go subscribe
go give it a big thumbs up all that
stuff but yeah so that every room bye
