okay good girl okay hey what's up you
guys it's Connor and today I'm here with
whatever ones a girl superwoman you can
do it the right yeah that uh for today I
am here with Lily aka superwoman on
YouTube are you doing I'm fat fantastic
oh what a connor franta reference so
much my chip there are tears so lily is
in Los Angeles right now but where are
you from explain from Toronto the land
of the cold when I left my front door
was frozen and now I'm chilling with the
palm trees actually though my mom but
today we want to do a little Club and
we're gonna do if you do about types of
girls and types of guys on the internet
everyone can relate a very wide we're
gonna divide out a bunch of categories
and just talk crap about everyone so
everyone gets equal amount of yeah poop
just just watch shade I miss my ears or
like Jay everyone is shady on the
internet everyone but I think
specifically a lot of girls are shady on
the other would you agree your district
hi I fortunately agree okay so I'm not
gonna name names or anything but uh
Tiffany is such a batch yeah on the
opposite end rude douchebags wine is
always me you me it's true no but I
think that's more guys anything you
tweet I'm having a great day
no first don't like it I know oh my god
I'm having such a nice day tweet go die
well I mean I got a new puppy it was a
really good day no but um the Sun is out
it's shining so it's really nice you're
stupid and this Instagram people edit
their pictures we can't even recognize
their face and unfortunately it's
usually the woman's face tune it up
like even good Oh selfie okay so let's
see here I need to up the exposure to
hide my flaws make it black on white
twisting very classy Oh add a border
that'll be nice
and finally blare out everything else so
my cleavage pops yeah deep captions
there are always guys and girls who do
deep caption so I think it's more guys
guys are weird
oh yeah wicked
reach for the stars cuz if you miss
you're still land on me but you know
everyone on Instagram is a selfie king
and queen but actually oh my god such a
perfect place for selling a rose oh I'm
gonna say I'm so dope oh my god Rock oh
I'm a dud I'm a dud make me new but
together YouTube and haters haters and
YouTube I don't know anything about
YouTube I get the type of pagers where
I'll make a video that could be
intelligent it could be serious it'll be
very meaningful and then it'll be a
whole bunch of common some guys that say
nice boobs now Mike thanks okay hey
what's up you guys it's Tiffany Oh
what's up fun thing today I need to talk
to you about a very important issue what
you want to talk to me about huh
equality I think it's very important I
think everyone is equal men women race
gender ethnicity were all equal its
equality we're equal less talking more
boobs and I should be respected as a
woman the woman in America
boobs freedom when you when or when am I
seeing the boobs but yeah that's all I
want to talk to you about today so stay
beautiful
why the same thing if I may event like
work really really hard on a video it
sounded really a hater this is kind of a
transition or the next one but I hate
when I work really hard to video and all
the comments are just like you're really
attractive oh your life is so are jerks
those jerks that tell you you're
attractive huh
how dare think it's about the content
hey what's up you guys
oh he's scared so I worked really hard
on today's video I don't understand
you're saying you're beautiful and I
really want you to listen to the message
just take your shirt off just take it
off because it's really really important
to me take it off all right
Facebook and particularly the girls your
Facebook profile picture is the first
thing people say you want to make it
represent you'll be standing there all
Annoying all edited just like no nose
just casual yeah creepy requests do you
get this I get this all the time people
that you either never met or you've met
for like two seconds Phil immediate
request you're on Facebook or they'll
just somehow end up in your apartment I
hope I see you again definitely Tiffany
Wilson request request
poke poke i'ma play farmville with you
this is the one I thought of secret
sexual vlogs with claps on between
there's a lot of people on tumblr that
have secret vlogs they don't want anyone
in their real life to know about because
they're like really explicit you don't
know much about this video you need to
get all this get into the tumblr world
maybe there are my accounts and I'm just
pretending this person is you only know
you are doing nothing what's a girl
doing with that high yield on top of the
people that do the anonymous asks and
they're just like oh hello are you one
thing kissing with me no no no I'm not
one day kissing with you I'm gonna check
my asks anonymous says hey pretty lady
what you want to do the kissing huh you
know I don't even know you
maybe your tongue want to handshake my
tongue huh what do you say what no no no
come on baby please oh okay
time to be a lot of hyper tiny
pollinators the internet is full of the
most diverse group of people like a
whole world wide web it really is though
yeah look at that
uh-huh look at that it makes sense I
know right mmm definitely okay but I
think that is all for this video
did you have fun today I had a blast
Thanks of course thanks for being on my
channel if you guys enjoyed this video
make sure the big thumbs up and leave a
comment below what are some other types
of people on the internet that we missed
and if you did enjoy the video make sure
to go check out the one on the news
channel Lily what is your video about my
video is about if my brain were a person
and that person would be me
Connor friend doesn't make sure you
check that out on my channel and while
you're there make sure subscribe like a
video all that stuff but yeah oh my god
Harry Styles is online Harry fall anyone
Harry follow me - Harry fall me 3 yo bro
like I'm not that big a fan of yours if
you follow me that's kind of cool
hearing me
you follow me you want to follow me
what's up I'll be 5 whatever but like if
you want to follow me OK no bro I just
drop this all over my boobs right now I
thought everyone - no pets ok cuz it's
on my garage yeah here we are
