let's do this hey what's up you guys so
this week I am brought back to you with
another Q&A video right before this I
tweeted out the hashtag ask Connor and
told you guys ask me some of your weird
normal crazy deep just literally
anything questions and these are some of
the ones you gave me so let's go what
time did you wake up this morning either
take 11 20 what are some of the things
you do in the morning generally I pretty
much debate whether or not I should go
back to sleep what's the worst lie
you've ever told okay to be honest I
don't this is a good or a bad thing but
I'm really good at lying so I don't tend
to tell the bad ones if that makes any
sense I don't know it's probably a
problem problem problem problem problem
Praful if there was a no 12 Hunger Games
who do you think would die first and who
do you think would win savvy honest
Trevor would probably die first and I
would win because I'm not afraid to cut
a bitch have you ever supposed to drink
on yourself in public better question
when do I not spill a drink on myself in
public all the time what's the cheesiest
joke you know well you know I've never
been really Gouda at jokes I hate myself
sing know what's your favorite thing to
do in your home alone wink wink wink
wink wake sleep
what are your fans called okay so I've
never really had a name for you guys and
that's just kind of weird to me it's
never sat well with me but the other
week when I was with Troye Sivan and
Tyler Oakley they came up with the name
the Fran 'dom like I could call you guys
the Fran 'dom if you liked that leave in
the comments below I have no idea you're
my best friends that's what you ought to
be I love you in person at your favorite
emojis not a question Sydney but I'll do
it oh what's the last time you got a bad
haircut every time I go to get a haircut
I freaked out that it's gonna be bad and
it never usually is but last August I
went and I got an absolutely horrible
haircut and it was right before VidCon
and right before my family vacation in
Hawaii so just that was not fun what
type underwear are you wearing at the
moment oh you know just wearing some
American Eagle boxers show no oh oh okay
oh if you want show me Jesus okay here
they are take them Oh
prank call someone and tell them you
just got herpes well okay
most Ricky where are you well in that
short period of time that you went to
the gym I managed to get herpes Ricky I
have the herp I have a herpes ah yeah
show me a video say hi when is a door
not a door
when it has herpes G do you have any
good recommendations on audible.com
slash Connor this month okay so for the
past couple months I've recommended you
guys some books that aren't necessarily
like that uplifting if you do so this
month I'll be listening to one of
Chelsea Handler's books on audible.com
slash Connor she's so freaking funny and
I've heard her books are hilarious so I
need to listen to one her sarcasm is on
a whole new level so if you want to
listen along with me go to audible.com
slash Connor and download your free copy
and if you sign up and you happen to not
want that book there's a hundred and
fifty thousand different other ones so
you know there's more okay read a book
god what are your fears oblivion say the
first thing that came to your head when
you read this pancakes
I thought of pancakes
how romantic can you be being real here
I am somewhat of a hopeless romantic I
enjoy it I don't know I like being
romantic I think it's fun it's nice and
just that's me how does it feel that you
have 1 million followers on Instagram so
like that just said I hit 1 million
followers on Instagram this morning and
I am so excited I love Instagram like I
honestly do enjoy taking photos so the
fact that you guys like them and I have
a lot of followers on there is really
really nice so they do like the feedback
so thank you thank you for following me
and if you don't mixer below my twitter
is pretty close to a million - so you
know what let's do it yeah follow me but
ok you guys that is it I hope you guys
enjoyed this S Connor and learned just a
little bit more about me
if you did enjoy and you want to see
more make sure to go down there and
click that subscribe button I put out
new videos every Monday actually fun
fact I'm putting out a new video this
Thursday but yeah so also make sure to
this video pick one of these leave a
comment below follow me on my social
media up so soon bye
