hey what's up you guys it's Connor once
again the son has so many other plans
for this video mother Nature doesn't
like me but okay so as you guys are
aware I live with three youtubers I hang
out with mostly youtubers and last week
I went to San Francisco with a couple
youtubers so pretty much a lot of my
life is spent with and revolves around
youtubers and things and stuff and when
I have the opportunity to meet some of
you guys it's always interesting to see
if you think I'm the same in my videos
as I am in real life or the complete
opposite I really don't know which one
is better or which one I would prefer
I'm indifferent that's basically what
I'm trying to get at is that you guys
only see a portion of my life through
this camera through this communication
through this YouTube video through the
football and it so happens that on
camera and off camera I'm a pretty
different person like not completely
different don't get me wrong I'm not
like acting here to a certain extent but
I've slowly realized that in real life I
am not the same person that I am in
these YouTube videos there's a bee on my
window and I'm kinda terrified I think
it's on the outside okay I think we're
safe here and just so happens that a lot
of youtubers aren't either they are
different people on and off camera for
better or for worse I'm thirsty by the
way here are some examples energy a lot
of youtubers like myself are very crazy
on camera they're very energetic they're
very likeable and it's really really
hard to always there is more bees on my
window oh my god there's like three like
this I don't like this at all
can you mind your own business go be
somewhere else
yeah I'm funded but energy so youtubers
are very crazy they're very weird
they're very loud in their videos when
in real life were more like this
Hey I'm about to go inside and play you
want to come with I've told you this
before physical activity and me do not
mix I'm gonna go back to tweeting now
okay like most people we're pretty lazy
fun since youtubers only record a
portion of what they do it seems like we
have really crazy lives but don't get me
wrong I do a lot of cool stuff but I
definitely don't always like there's
plenty of times where I do nothing today
I'm gonna do something different I'm
gonna be spontaneous I'm gonna travel
the world all from the safety of my
computer this one's more geared towards
me so athletic I come off as this like
easy fitness guy who's always working
out and always been fit and always doing
these like athletic activities and
that's not the case sometimes I again am
pretty lazy hey Connor what have you
exercised yet today I ran downstairs to
get a bag of chips this morning just
saying appearance how we look how we
dress all of that right now I would like
to say I'd look pretty nice my hair's
done relatively well my face is pretty
clean my shirt is like smooth and
beautiful Nathan got this all rolled up
mm put on a typical day I don't just
like get up and I'm like mm perfect but
then you get to everyday life and I kind
of look like a hot mess
yeah going off of that being clean and
being neat and tidy again this one might
be particular to me compared to other
youtubers but like I come off as an
organized clean person I mean look with
that background that backgrounds pretty
clean but just you wait there's stuff
over there and there's stuff in that
closet and there's stuff in front of me
every time I shoot a video what is this
yeah prepare to be shocked yeah
the process I go through is pretty much
just pushing everything out of this area
and making it look nice and neat I don't
even make my bed six days a week this is
like a special occasion and finally in
my voice so a lot of my youtube videos I
come off as like a really really fast
talker and a really really chatty I'm
really really excited about a little bit
of our own but in everyday life I talk
pretty slow except when I'm intoxicated
I'm pretty much my youtube personality
when I'm intoxicated I'm 21 so it's okay
hashtag judge me hey but yes in my
youtube videos I tend to go really fast
and get all these words in and like with
all these jump cuts and actually jump
cuts is one thing I'm like jumping
around the screen cutting off these long
parts where I'm like oh I should say
that a typical conversation with me kind
of looks like Connor yeah I am curious
what is your opinion on politics
Democrats Republicans tell me your
thoughts oh that's a tough one I believe
that yeah yes
interesting
you have no idea what I'm talking about
you dumb but yeah as well this video
didn't like ruin your image of me or
something
I am very similar as I am on camera
personality wise but there's also little
things that I'm not like in real life I
don't know it's just one of those things
oh yeah I am pretty weird though but
yeah so I hope you guys enjoyed this
week's video and I want you to leave a
comment below have you ever met any of
your favourite youtubers and were they
different in real life and were you okay
with that if you happened to have met me
let me know was I was I better was I
worse I don't know I don't know I hope
it wasn't worse just to let you know I
make new videos every Monday so you can
go down there and click that subscribe
button to get notified when I make them
also give this video a big one of these
check out all my social media links in
the NAM are below bye
