ooh that was a good one
that quiff game so strong though hey
what's up you guys okay so a couple
hours ago I got really inspired and this
week I wanted to bring back to you guys
another little cheesy advice video I
don't really know particularly what
inspired this video but it just kind of
popped into my mind I'm like oh that's a
good idea I really want to do a video
about this and basically the topic is
taking risks so personally sometimes it
can be really really bad with decisions
and making important choices I get
really really in my head with stuff like
that and I'm like oh my god what if I
choose this and it goes wrong or what if
I choose this one and it goes right and
I'm like skipping out on something and
just missing things I'm a little like my
brain is constantly back and forth with
itself and I just I'm so indecisive
sometimes that it sucks
so when I get to a crossroads in my life
where it's like pick this or pick this
you don't know what's gonna happen but
you need to choose one it freaks me out
here's a good example so as you guys
know last May I moved out to LA and just
left Minnesota left my school left my
family left my friends left everything
that was comfortable to me and normal
the need I left it all behind and that
was by far the biggest risk I've ever
taken in my life cuz just imagine
yourself right now leaving everything
that you know and everything that you're
comfortable with and going somewhere
completely new I even for me it's really
scary to think about doing that again
and considering I see a lot of your
guys's posts on the Internet's like
comments tweets Tumblr posts asks all
that stuff and I see that you guys
struggle with this stuff too I mean I
think a lot of people struggle with it I
know I struggle with it and basically I
want to tell you that it's okay to step
out of your comfort zone everyone has
this little bubble of comfort around
them that they're afraid to go out and
do something new but that is something
you have to do you can live your life in
that bulb that is totally cool but what
if it's better outside of it what if by
not taking a chance by not taking a risk
you're missing out on something that
could be great it could be amazing and
it could change your life
me leaving my hometown me leaving my
sports me leaving my college me leaving
my friends me leaving my family sounded
like the worst decision I could possibly
make but turned out to be the best
honestly and obviously I miss them I
miss all of that so much but it turned
out that this
the right path for me so basically
sometimes the best decisions are not the
easiest ones it sucks that life is full
of so many hard decisions but do you
know what that's what makes it great you
get to choose where you go in your life
you get to choose your path you get to
choose where you end up it's not up to
anyone else but you it is your life it
is not your friends it is not your
families it is your life yours as far as
we know you have one you have one life
one opportunity one chance
me personally I know I forget that
sometimes no B Day is where I'm invited
to do something really awesome and
really fun but instead I'll stay here in
my room stay by myself stay comfortable
and just kick myself after for being
like why didn't you go do that it's so
much easier just to stay here stay by
myself but nine times out of ten when I
just force myself to go do that fun
thing it's great when your life is
almost over
all said and done you want to have no
regrets you don't want to be constantly
living and thinking about hmm what if if
I did that instead of this what could
have happened what would have happened
what should have happened do not be
afraid to try new things do not be
afraid to step out of your comfort zone
and do not be afraid to take risks sure
some may not pay off some may be bad
decisions but you live and you learn
despite what happens grow from that good
or bad experience and move on I tend to
be a very observant person and I've
watched too many of my friends and too
many people around me sit back and not
do something just because they were
afraid of the what-if and being someone
that jumped into that unknown it's
totally worth it but yeah so that's
basically it if you're new to my channel
you've probably never seen me do a video
like this but if you've been around for
a while you know that I like to do
serious topic videos every so often I
have opinions and I love to share those
with you guys so if you do enjoy videos
like this give it a thumbs up leave a
comment below you know just let me know
if you want a little bit of a funnier
video go watch my new O 12 video or go
watch one of the videos I put out last
week I put out new videos every week so
make sure you subscribe click the links
below and follow me on all my social
media website bye
