hey what's up you guys so surprise the
Friday video I said I would be doing
these on occasion so I thought I would
throwing up this Friday because I just
happened to oh damn it's right in here
yes better kind of I don't know I still
kind of looked white oh my god it's
getting worse oh yeah so recently I've
been watching lots of TV shows lots of
movies and this video was kind of
inspired by that when I watch movies I'm
always like oh why can't that be my life
oh my life is so boring compared to this
my life sucks so basically it just gets
me thinking what if my life were a movie
or a TV show yeah well here's what I
came up with acting sexy people tend to
be very attractive very good-looking a
very sexy in movies but then there's me
that just doesn't happen in real life
nothing works out like that yeah in my
case it usually looks more like this not
sexy not sexy at all scary movies see
scary movies are stupid stupid in the
fact that people in them are actually
morons they say things like what was
that oh we should announce there's an
investigate let's go and like wait we
should split up first I know I'm kind of
a genius and like really this why would
you even consider calling the police
it's not like they broke our window
killed our baby and ate our dog you're
stupid
stop when incomplete reality any sane
person would not do any of that they
would hide or they would run or they
would stick together much like this what
was that
I'm never coming out people already it's
love and relationships movies completely
ruin this for me it's not like that my
life is not a Nicholas Sparks novel
babe yeah I love you oh honey I love you
too
what a perfect life the sad sad truth
yeah as much as I wish my love life and
my relationships were that of movies and
TV shows it's not even close not even a
little bit
uh I just love you so much I can
honestly say I could never live without
you
you're my everything animation yeah I'm
a big personal fan of animated TV shows
and movies I mean I kind of have just a
little obsession with like Disney movies
and stuff just a little bit but the
downside is there nothing like reality
animated movies are all like what a
beautiful day do you want to go to
snowman come on let's go outside and
play yeah wouldn't that be awesome yeah
and as cool as that is if that happened
in my life yet no let's be really
wouldn't happen in my life party hates a
day I'm not moving anymore leave me here
to die on you not weekends and parties
so weekends and parties movies are
absolutely insane people actually do
stuff dude
this party is crazy I can't even hear
myself think there's babes and booze
everywhere this is so sick party of the
year party of the year what people jump
off the roof dude let's go
but yeah then reality hits
and I don't do that I really don't do
anything think of that picture that
Guinea what's it doing to do it that job
Oh Beyonce gift mm-hmm reblog what mom
no mom I'm really busy I'm having like a
crazy Friday night right now no I'm not
sitting alone in my room my weekends
basically consists of Pizza tumblr and
sleeping into 3 p.m. but hey I'm not
complaining I kind of love that you
drink your alcohol and have your fun I
have pizza to fuck you and finally
action films yeah pretty much action
films are crazy there's tons of stunts
there's tons of high-energy things going
on but I can do that no I can't I mean
like one time I did a somersault that
counts this is it the moment I've been
training for my entire life it all comes
down to this nobody go up ah yeah so
basically sometimes I wish my life were
like a movie there's really no moral to
this video that's just kind of it yes
like I said again this video it was kind
of inspired by all my new favorite TV
shows and movies which I'm kind of
obsessed with not gonna lie and I'm
watching them a lot lately on Hulu Plus
and living my life vicariously through
them yeah that's a thing thing I don't
want to stop because I love it basically
what I love about Hulu Plus is the fact
that you can watch it on your TV you can
watch your computer you can watch it on
your phone and you watch on your tablet
and I have all those things so yeah it
basically means I can watch my favorite
TV shows anywhere at any time have a
problem some of the shows I'm really
obsessed with our new girl the following
even Family Guy in Sponge Bob of cest
and yeah if you want to join me and
watch all those awesome shows you can go
over to Hulu Plus calm slash Connor and
watch along with me when you sign up you
get two weeks freeze so yeah I go over
to whoo plus calm such Connor and
frickin watch some good TV shows
literally my life but yeah so come and
blow some of your favorite TV shows give
this video one of these follow my social
media links at now bye bye
Oh
