hey what's up you guys so for this
week's video I really didn't know what
to do like I had a list I had a bunch
ideas but I didn't feel that strong
about one so I decided to ask you guys
and you really wanted me to do another
ask Connor but I want to add a little
bit of a twist to it so I had you guys
submit questions only about
relationships love sex boys girls all
that kinds of stuff but yeah so let's
get right into it how do you get over a
crush raise it's actually kind of a
difficult question um I'm gonna say food
lots of food or just find another person
there's plenty of them in a relationship
do you like to be the one that's
laughing or the one that makes the other
person laugh okay so in the past I used
to always be the one that's just like I
love to make people laugh I want to be
the funny one but of course I like to
laugh too so I need to be in
relationship with someone that is funny
so I'm kind of torn but I'm just gonna
say somewhere in the middle we need to
equally be as funny okay here that says
an equal partnership make me laugh oh
you guys actually get annoyed if you
text them a lot one of the most
difficult things and texting somebody
that you like is where do you draw the
line right here there that is great yeah
there what really for someone that you
like you do not want to send them too
many text messages because you could
come on way too strong if the feelings
are mutual they will text you back to
just hold in there just how old in there
how do you ask for news you know this
couldn't just be a normal video we had
to talk about naked people personally I
like the approach of just saying hey I
like you with clothes on but I liked you
better with them off send me your nudes
captain do you have a long tongue first
of all I'm just realizing how weird the
word tongue looks let me just look at it
fuck ah mmm
do you support same-sex marriage I won
high percent to equal rights love is
love
all that jazz our relationships better
with Nutella everything is better with
Nutella don't forget it how many times
have you been in a relationship me this
question is to me I have been in three
relationships in my entire life
not many you guys are really good at
bringing up bad memories watch Connor
how can you flirt with someone in
Spanish class hola como estas me gusta
tu cara de llamo yeah
you ever wish you were in a relationship
this is actually difficult I do
sometimes but other times I'm really
happy to be single I haven't found a
person since my last relationship that I
thought I would want to be in a
relationship with so yeah I'm okay with
being single for now until I find the
right person do you believe in love at
first sight hmm uh I'm gonna say no and
the reason I say that is because I feel
like you cannot be in love with a person
just by looking at them so you can be in
love with how they look but that's not
all there is to a person not everything
is based upon looks it's about the
inside I'm not gonna fall over again cuz
I already done that like three times in
this video but when you see an
attractive person holy shit you feel it
oh god you feel it in your soul do you
believe in soulmates
oh god another hard question I do but I
believe that you could have more than
one soul mate out there so yes you can
find one person love that person and be
happy together forever but there are
seven billion people in the world so
there could be another one out there mmm
let's get better question two more so
davic Hall do you like romantic books or
films yeah to be honest I am a big fan
of both so get the waterworks going I'm
gonna cry every dish is beautiful what
do you think girls do at sleepovers
really sure with this Esther with this
video but yeah no I'm gonna put it in
here anyway I imagine girls sleepovers
go something like this
no boys like us huh
want to get Nicki a have a koa fight
here's a simple question how do you get
into a relationship like this huh I'm in
a relationship
buy one on the internet let's be real
here and finally how can you tell
someone likes you you can tell if a
person likes you by the following if
they follow you on all your social
medias if they favorite your tweets if
they like your photos a lot and if they
send you nude okay bye or you know if
they just like tell you but that's too
simple now isn't it okay so I hope you
guys enjoyed this little Q&A I hope I
taught you a little bit about
love sex relationships girls boys all
that stuff and maybe even sleepovers I
don't know but yeah so make sure you
click that subscribe button give this
video one of these leave a comment below
look at all my social media website by
this is what the girl just sleepovers
which I do something like so funny in
that I can't lead to live around yeah I
died it you did never did that my weave
