hey what's up you guys so a couple weeks
ago I asked you guys what you wanted to
see me do in 2014 and a lot of the
comments were like Connor I want to get
to know you more I want to learn more
about you all the little details so this
week I compiled some questions and I'm
going to be telling you a little bit too
much information about myself let's go
how old are you contrary to popular
belief I am in fact 21 years old I'm not
16 sorry about it how tall are you about
5 8 5 9 on a good day what's your zodiac
sign to be honest I never know this and
I always have to look it up and in fact
I am a Virgo whatever the that
means do you have any tattoos I do not
and the reason for that is I'm so picky
that I do not think I could decide on
one tattoo that will be permanently on
my body forever always gonna be that
maybe one day any piercings nope
have you ever been in love yep that
one's a note too kind of sad isn't it
something you miss definitely all my
friends and family back home in
Minnesota oh it just got really dark
stop no the lighting gentle roll what
that swallow do you look for in a
partner maybe weird but I look for a
good mix of a sense of humor and
maturity they don't tend to mix but I'm
looking for it that's obviously why I'm
alone I don't know what's your favorite
quote do what you love and love what you
do don't know who that's by but that is
something I like to live by I don't know
been favorite actor right got a tie
between Jennifer Lawrence and Robert
Downey jr. favorite colors I like maroon
but I also like a good dark grey but not
like a black not like a grey I'm really
just the dark dark bright Oh
how long does it take for you to get
ready in the morning okay so I really
like to get up
have a good breakfast watch some YouTube
videos get caught up into my internet
stuff but after that hour or two it
takes maybe like 30 minutes ish no have
you ever been in a fight no never
turn-ons confidence intelligence and
passion turn-offs sad hygiene and
someone that has no manners oh my god I
just realized I turned into Jesus oh
stop yeah if you're dirty and rude I
don't like you reason you joined YouTube
I was bored
really really bored fears spiders and
being in open water like being stranded
in the middle of the ocean is terrifying
I don't know what's down there to be
good at landis or something I don't know
my people what's the last thing that
made you cry okay I tend to tear up a
lot like I'm an emotional person it's
true and the last time I cried was
either watching some YouTube video or
some movie it's definitely happened
within the last week I mean really it
could have been a ponary yesterday I
don't know food makes me emotional judge
me last time you said I love you this
was easy it was on the phone to my mom
yesterday last person you talked to it
was definitely one of my roommates I
think it was Ricky last person you
texted I was just texting one of my best
friends from back home James
and the O'Toole group chat fun little
sidenote O'Toole is going on tour so you
need to click the link below buy your
tickets son oh do you have a crush on
anyone
maybe last time you kissed someone this
is really depressing to think about last
time I had a real kiss was probably back
in August oh god I'm alone what book are
you reading okay a couple months ago I
told you guys I was listening to
divergent off of audible.com slash
Connor and I may still be listening to
it I'm sorry I've been busy I swear it's
really good though what book are you
going to read next as recommended by you
guys I think I will be listening to Maze
Runner next I've heard it's really good
I think it's been out for a while but I
just haven't had the time to read it so
I'm going to listen to it you should too
as I said so so if you do want to listen
to that make sure to click the link
below and go to audible.com slash Connor
and download your free copy I actually
use it every month so I think it's a
very good website that all of you should
sign up for if you don't like any of the
ones that I recommend they have a
hundred and fifty thousand different
other ones so go find one there is a
buck out there for everyone read a book
but okay everyone so that is it for this
week's video I hope you
a little bit more about me but I want to
learn a little bit more about you so
answer some of these questions in the
comments below but yeah that's really it
so make sure to give this video a big
one of these follow me on all my social
media links in it bye Dada Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada da whoo
