hello recently I have gone to a few more
thrift stores than I normally do it's
like a fun game in a weird way because
you never really know if you're you
never know what you're going to find and
you never know if you're going to find
anything also when you go to thrift
stores typically the clothes or cheaper
so that's also fun save that money honey
nowadays when I go through shopping I go
to tons of different stores I have a few
around Los Angeles that I really enjoyed
but they're never always good the nature
of the thrift store is that you never
know what's in the store there's new
stuff every day so that's always great
but it's also it makes it harder also I
love to double my chances because I shop
in both the women's and the men's
section and thrift stores I tend to be
able to fit into both so I always check
both and honestly most of the stuff I'm
going to show you well 50% is probably
from the women's section if 50% is
probably from the men's section so no
matter what your clothing style
preferences hopefully you'll find
something in this video that you enjoy
but now further adue these are a few
things that I found in sumter stores
across the city of Los Angeles gang
let's start with t-shirt I'm only going
to be showing you about ten items today
just because I don't want to overwhelm
you I float it up so that I have some
t-shirts some button-up some sweat
shirts a long sleeve and some pants so
we're we're across the spectrum bold
looks full well thought out looks also
by the way everyone's your head on my
new cap tag that's Stuart hi Stuart
get right first I'm gonna show you is
actually I think what I was wearing in
last week's video that there's good
chance of that one this is a yellow and
red t-shirt that I this was the only one
that I got in New York City everything
else is from
Vangelis but i got this one in new york
city i think this is one of the cheapest
ones - it was like five bucks
it says travel the reading highway I
promote reading my books link is down
below go read it I don't know I really
like this shirt I like the contrasting
red with the yellow and I'm always
looking to get more color into my
wardrobe so half the time I try not to
go for the black t-shirts and not to go
for the white t-shirts so this one just
seemed perfect plus the design is
low-key dope some type of van Gogh and
you are always shaking I love it it's a
beautiful staple the next t-shirt we got
is a purple one I love this t-shirt a
lot because it has some natural distress
in and around all the edges so either
someone did that to the t-shirt to make
it look old or it's just naturally very
old and guessing the latter also I love
this one because it's low-key a science
t-shirt I wanted to be a marine
biologist in a different life it says
web of life Outdoor Education Center
whale watching and then there's just
just you know just a whale tail in the
ocean I never wear anything purple so
when I found that I was like that cute
nowadays I really prefer to wear
t-shirts tucked in I don't know there's
some sort of element with it tucked into
your pants and then having like a nice
belt and then a nice pair of shoes or
something for some reason it makes me
feel like my outfits are more
thought-out if it stuffed in I don't
know why next we have a red t-shirt he
looked all the colors are represented
this is a vintage Reebok t-shirt which I
thought it was a really good sign I have
yet to find a really good vintage
Reeboks t-shirt I like the sort of crest
look you can tell how old it is because
it's got this little wear and tear to it
can almost see through it at points
totally wear this with like a pair of
blue jeans or a pair of green jeans on
to the long sleeves tag still on it this
was the only long-sleeve I found they
don't know many things with long sleeves
if I'm going to wear something with
sleeves I'm probably just going to wear
a sweater I'll be sweating the summer
it's a personal choice we do it for
fashion this way was hell minimal I mean
honestly most of my clothes are pretty
minimal but this is like the epitome of
minimal it's just a gray long sleeve
t-shirt with this nice turquoise collar
and then there is there was something in
here what does it say oh it's not a
breaker there's something other oh it's
a hane oh my god it's just purely a
Hanes t-shirt as a hanging brand
interesting just a plain Keynes t-shirt
and no idea yeah I like that I liked it
because it was just had that nice pop of
color at the top so if I wanted to go
something ridiculously clean wearing
this with like blue jeans would be Lou
Jean I don't know why I'm so cut with
blue Jane or Adam a mitrik leave my blue
jeans wearing this looks like a denim
jacket over it would look super cute to
have that blue match the blue very cute
a good find
next we're moving on to sweaters oh this
is what I found the other day and I
adore it for so many different reasons
one the Chicago Bulls my older brother
used to be absolutely obsessed with the
Chicago Bulls I'm pretty sure he really
really loved Michael Jordan like most
people who loves basketball at one point
or another loves Michael Jordan or loves
Michael Jordan Michael taken off the
patented tongue comes out just just in
front of that much yeah no I love the
sweater because it's so worn that is so
thin it's like as thin as a t-shirt the
sleeves are falling apart only time can
do this to a piece of clothing it's
slightly nostalgic it's super well I can
wear it when it's hot outside
what's not to love but it was only like
30 bucks
the next sweater that we have is one of
the brighter pieces honestly one of the
bolder color choices of this hall
seafoam perhaps Oh a subtle shamrock
shake stouts and ports it's alcohol
unicorns and cream my brand but has
another kind of crest look to it kind of
like that the Reebok t-shirt and I
really like gold and purple obviously
and green at the moment so it really
fully encompass all of those elements
just a really cool design not going to
lie this would be great with just some
like cutoff shorts maybe some black
ripped shorts or something be very very
cute next let's go to pants okay so both
the pants that I absolutely love right
now our two pairs of vintage Levi's
they're both in the women's section so
they fit a little
different than the difficult pants I'm
used to buying them they don't have room
in the right places they're a little bit
higher waisted and the legs aren't so
tight I'm not really into super skinny
jeans at the moment these are pretty
baggy compared to the jeans I normally
wear so they're really re opening my
eyes to the different styles of jeans
the longest time I just used to
exclusively wear skinny jeans I know I'm
realizing that there are other fits of
jeans
these are green they may not look good
on camera but these are dark green and
these are like a soft gray haven't owned
a pair of jeans that hasn't been black
or blue ever so they have these two in
my life and love them so much it's truly
fantastic I've been wearing them rolled
up a ton of the bottom I've been wearing
them rolled like three times at the
bottom because they're those ones are
like these ones are like a 34 length and
these ones like a 32 and I'm very used
to we're having like a 30 length so I
need to roll them quite a bit also oh
god what I love about these they have
these paint splatters all over them all
the leg they have paint on them and it
comes across in such a cool way there is
definitely a right and a wrong way to
get pants with paint on them and there's
something about the array of colors and
the different size of splatters across
the legs that I think is so cool again
something that I feel like you can't
really replicate it just feels so unique
I don't know yeah I absolutely love
these and I love these and they're my
two favorite pairs of pants right now
we're getting down to the end how sad
second-to-last is this nicer long-sleeve
button-down this is a vintage blouse
Plus this is a vintage Ralph Lauren
button-down find this one in the women's
section I'm really glad I tried it on
because it fits so damn well it's this
thick soft material and it has these
lines down it kind of reminds me of like
a baseball uniform like a baseball
uniform or something they have the
stripes down it and there is no collar
it just buttons up right to the neck so
I usually leave it open by two buttons
yeah it's super safe and super soft and
come
as hell and it looks so smart
last but surely not least something I
have not yet to wear in cases this
number this is a button-up reflective
look at that how cute I don't know the
occasion that I'm going to wear this for
but I saw it I thought it was so cool
that I think when I bought it I said I
don't want anyone else to have this so
I'm going to get it it's a little bit on
the small side but I figure I can leave
it completely open where it just looks
like black on black and wear it out to a
club or something
because it is so reflective and fun that
I feel like it is craving a night out
she's here she's ready to have a night
on the town so that is everything folks
that is with ten items that I purchased
at various thrift stores across Los
Santos and one in New York if you did
know I wrote a book a while back I've
been forgetting to promote the book
called on yourself you can get on Amazon
you can get into stores the link will be
down below I spent a year and a half
writing and designing it so I highly
recommend the read also if you want to
make sure that you are informed every
time that I upload click the little bell
down below a little a little bit just a
little little notification bell and it
will ding you every time that I upload a
video and now leave a comment down below
what is your current favorite clothing
item color and style and let's discuss
fashion in the comments down below my
current favorite clothing item is one of
those pairs of jeans okay love you guys
and I will see you next time if you
doesn't reach a big thumbs up let's go
up to to driving in the truck with my
blue jeans
