hey what's up you guys and welcome to my
first video of 2014 hi hello oh it's so
crazy that it's here but I'm so excited
like no joke 2013 was by far the most
insane year I've ever had actually
cuckoo I had the amazing opportunity to
travel many many places attend some
really awesome events and just do a lot
of really cool stuff and not to be
greedy but I want 2014 to be even better
ten times better imma take over the
world one coffee shop in kitty farm at
at times and I just say kitty farm I'm a
farm kitty
but yeah after reflecting upon it I just
feel so lucky I feel so blessed that I
get to do what I do and of course I want
to thank you guys and let you know that
I never take it for granted but now
here's the butt I touched the butt even
though last year was so well doing what
I was doing I want to change things up a
bit I don't really believe in it and I
don't really like to call it a New
Year's resolution but I do think I need
a few changes for this channel so bear
with me bear with me I want to revamp my
channel make it new make it fresh and
kind of different in 2014 like I was
doing a lot of things like this and like
that and like this and oh boy that one
was weird and all that's fun but I want
to try and mix it up a little bit more
so to start off let's give it a new look
okay so as some of you know I really
like design so I decided to start there
by making a new youtube banner adding an
intro graphic and a new outro page but I
do tend to get sick of repetition really
quickly so they may get tweaked or just
completely changed I don't know now for
content wise I really want to start
doing more skits life related videos and
maybe a short film or - I want my
content to be better more high-quality
and spend more time on each video
because I really do enjoy it and I just
want to put more time into it also I'm
still gonna try to upload every Monday
but if I'm not feeling it I may upload a
video Friday instead and if I'm feeling
really into it that week maybe I'll blow
twice I want to be more flexible with my
schedule and not be like creatively
restricted to upload every Monday but
yeah so just just a little bit of change
just a little bit so it's okay change is
good it allows us to evolve it allows us
to grow as people you don't want to be
stuck doing the same thing over and
over and over and over and over and over
and over and over and over again we are
not robots we are people but ok so now I
want you to leave a comment below what
do you want to see me do in 2014 and
what do you yourself want to do in 2014
sorry for a more informative video and
not so funny I'll be back next week
don't worry as always make sure to big
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and check
out all my social media links in the
downbar below but yeah so I'll see you
guys later ok bye quick end of the video
side note one of my favorite youtubers
ever at grace Helbig had to switch
YouTube channels long story do not ask
I just need every single one you to
click the screen right now and go
subscribe to her new channel youtube.com
slash its grace so just click the screen
anywhere and go subscribe I just died
that I don't know just do it don't KL
save it at all
