hmm hmm hey what's up you guys it's
Connor the beautiful paint the windows
they're everywhere so much wood okay
guys so this week I'm brought back to
you with a very requested video
requested requested remember it's been a
couple months so I think I'm due for
another ask Connor Ashe car I can't talk
today asking Connor let's do it what do
you plan on doing for New Year's
well I fly back home the day after New
Year's so probably not that much most
likely just hanging out with a bunch of
friends chillin celebrating the new year
okay let's be real I don't have any
friends I solo could you go a day
without drinking any coffee yes
that's ridiculous I don't even know what
you're talking it's iced it's different
No why weren't you under my Christmas
tree I was too busy being undermined
weirdest dream you've ever had okay so
fun fact about me I can lucid dream I've
told you guys this before but basically
what I can do is that I know I am
dreaming and I can control my dreams so
there's a lot of times right my dream
just chilling and I realize I'm dreaming
and then I just like throw myself off a
building cuz why the not which that goes
down how many people have you kissed in
your lifetime
wink wink hint hint I had to think about
this one and I've realized I I can't
really count I'm not a slut I swear
don't hold it against me are you over
your fear of spiders yet
no do you like winter or summer better
trick question fall do you look yourself
up on the Internet
yes self-centered as it sounds I do I'm
on tumblr all the time and I'm always
looking up my name so yeah never have
anything tag me follow me on tumblr
because my blog is fantastic
why because I said so how do you handle
people you don't like I don't know I
just ignore them or something you're
basic I don't like you were there any
books that you read or listened to off
of audible.com slash Connor any
recommendations so the other day I went
on bought the Perks of Being a
Wallflower movie a lot of you know that
is my favorite movie so I had to own a
copy and I realized I've never actually
read the book so this works perfect I
will be downloading and listening to
that book this month and honestly don't
you think and put into words how much I
like this book so just go read it if you
go over to audible.com slash Connor and
sign up you get one book free highly
recommend you download this book but if
you don't want to there's a hundred
fifty
and different other ones a little
sometimes I talk so fast I don't even
know what I'm saying
but yes go over to audible.com slash
Connor and listen to a book for
knowledge and stuff what would you do if
your needs got leaked and that was a
change of topic it would either go
something like this mama told me you
know or I would just pull a dylan
sprouse and just kind of tweet about it
cuz why not really why not embrace your
stupid decision and let the world know
are you feeling fab today
totes fucking fabulous oh whoa what is
the best time to eat all the time talk
dirty to me oh okay I think I can do
this you got a little mud on your face
right there do you ship yourself with
anyone I'm gonna leave this one up to
you guys who do you shoot me with leave
in the comments below what does your
last text to your mom say this should be
interesting I find it kind of awkward
that I haven't texted my mom in a week
okay my last text said on our way back
with this photo oh you cannot see that
at all pop it up on the screen or
something Connor and she responded with
okay a novel by the Franta should make
that ship into a movie would you ever
kill someone if it came to it I'm a good
person and killing is a sin but yes I
totally would okay you guys that's it so
I hope you enjoyed this episode of ask
Connor if you did make sure the big
thumbs up and of course leave any other
questions in the comments below and I'll
try to answer them for you as best as I
can make sure to click on that down bar
and follow me on all my social media
websites check out my emerg check out my
second channel all those link will be in
the downbar below be like a penis not a
penis and this is my last video of 2013
so I will see you on the other side get
ready things are gonna change just a
little bit I don't know I'm not gonna
tell you but other than that
doctor to me buh-buh-buh-buh
