yeah she was like trying to do like what
sorry going why wonderful ready cuz my
hair look good cuz I just showered hey
what's up you guys is Connor and today
I'm here with some people some awkward
people we're gonna be the fun doing this
okay so I'm here with those introduce
yourselves you guys interested I'm the
youngest my name is Brandon Franta
college roomie single Beach like Michael
Jackson that's enough you I'm Dustin I'm
the oldest in the middle like Connor
okay and today we are going to be doing
the sibling tag you guys have seen the
video with my parents I thought I better
show the rest of the fan so the first
question is by the way that computers
over there who is the oldest funniest
memory I can't pick one memory what were
you talking about the car nickel
efficient Toby no we will not mention my
blonde moments yeah I got one which we
Ryan came to visit us and Sookie oh my
god was that their purses when he came
before me he's already
I just gotta just to eat slower just
give me a fork do you argue now last
argument you've had when we were growing
up the only thing that we argued about
was when we had dial-up internet when
Brandon and I used to play runescape
like every day literally I was I mean
maybe maybe around there yes I was a
horrible child I think I've made this
clear before I was like the worst child
in the world we would get in like a lot
of like argument sister I was fat I was
kind of watch two youngest challenge
syndrome Alice do you know
hi guys I'm out of that show us a little
photo
I can't home running grab one yeah
so I'm shopping leaning up against the
post I'm like hold that pose talking
about me argue about we argued a lot
husky chubby I still have a baby face so
I'm trying to grow this mustache oh my
gosh it's fetus Brandon are you close
what do you think yeah I think my fans
know that we're all each other my phones
in my car that's how much I said Brandon
to pick me up he was dying yeah what is
one thing that annoys you about each
other oh god I don't know you're so
texture there we go moving on it's man
anything you do together oh we just got
coffee I don't drink vodka fun fact you
guys know I like coffee
like a coffee in training you're the
right atrium is a popular know a lot day
that's I can see the comments below
white girl
I know I've sweet about that people say
white girl the things they comment oh my
god we're all athletic so yeah it's
intense
I'm getting really competitive when we
play board games clear
moms really yep
yeah I didn't get this question rich I
think I need glasses because I can't
read it what one thing can you do that
you're so I'm like really good swimming
well you're very techy - very techie
you're really good yeah
maybe and running grammatical master I'm
in college I like science
yeah I'll do that make you talent so we
probably couldn't do that game but I
also couldn't be a doctor I mean I like
watch one of your videos and then you'll
have like someone doing it and then
don't click that well you need to get on
that because it's sort of yeah well we
answered all the questions that part you
guys they were freaking well you weren't
you were just kind of iffy I wanna
that's a lot of pressure unintentionally
look it's the Christmas tree okay I
think we're done with that
we owned it you guys have anything you
can subscribe to my main channel some of
them have Twitter's some have Instagram
so I'll put them in the down bar below
follow them
