oh hey what's up you guys it's Connor
and Tyler and Tyler hi can I just say
first of all we are freaking out
slightly cuz we just filmed Tyler's
video and it was probably the scariest
thing that I've ever done it was the
scary you know sometime you were there
with me cuz he was freaking out more
than I was I was like I was like this it
was so good we'll talk about that video
later it was terrifying so now we need
to do something that's fun money and
calming me relaxing I'm gonna cute like
the music I feel loopy right now because
I'm so like that's gonna get shot that's
good
but okay so for fun game I thought so I
know I always yell so he's like ever
like that far away so we're like hello
good bang who you doin I got my button
my apartment boy the game we were doing
today is we are playing a marry kill
mm-hmm can I just say this was a long
time coming this collaboration I've been
waiting for this all my life
Tyler and I where we meet how long with
me the wind died like me so I'm friends
with a lot of gays in the Internet this
story and all of them are like what's
the scoop about Connor Franta
everybody's in love with him now you
know I don't know no but yeah did we
meet a playlist probably the game we
were playing today is miracle kill and
the rules are has to be NICs genders and
mixed between YouTube's and celebrities
a little twist is you're gonna add two
nonhumans to like animals Miley Cyrus
and then one object gonna pick them at
random and say what we would do to them
looks to it so be merciful to me
youtubers so I want to write though
that's great is you okay yes we is you
okay after that video is you after that
video it is so don't you just throwing
your own things yeah what do you what
are you smiling it is it my answers I do
read that's because I'm around you are
you nervous
there's a camera that's why you guys
don't fret not to big deal
get out my Miranda impression is always
like also slightly Russian yeah now I
can't to visit I'm so bad at impression
don't laughing yeah yeah I can't do it
my friends all did you say my friends is
I don't know all your friends
get down are you doing youtubers stuff
no I've been doing relevant youtubers so
random as I've already done my object my
animals oh oh
slow down is slow down grab the wall
have you seen that gas pedal gas pedal
whoo oh my British Queen has units a
Jack and Finn
all hail Oh I'll bow down bow down so
they sound like that is not what I sound
like
slow down man okay wait I'm not done
fight are you in the hood
wait I look good in the hood hey y'all I
look fantastic as let's do this let's do
this we're pulling you can pick the
first three who Robert Downey jr. this
is look it's off to a great start
oh you didn't already I know who it is
Iron Man Whoopi Goldberg mmm hello damn
Zeca frog Suzy kill Robert Downey what
the by Mary Whoopi in an exact that was
the easiest thing I've ever done and I
know you picked the same no he's my
favorite after I have to meet you too
eager he's my favorite out there are you
gonna marry or kill will be I feel like
I'm obligated to me
you can't kill Whoopi she is an ECOT
holder she has an Emmy Grammy Oscar and
a no-shit yeah I'm gonna marry that shit
front yeah by Zack Zack has none of the
above okay for Zac Efron the execs
father Curren Jacob Astor Club that's
what I call your app thinks I can't say
it I kind of Rancho video just my mom
watches those I know wait I love your
video with your parents but yeah yeah
that's what inspired me to do my video
with my parents I made my mom watch it
first I was like this is how you have to
act be a human this okay Troye Sivan
yourself
and then Lady Gaga mmm we've been this
this is a good trio this is difficult
have you ever heard the term that
everyone wants to I will kiss I would my
side I feel like when you get that
chance
yeah don't you want to like just see how
it is but I would also want to MIT like
Lady gaga I feel like she'd be crazy
again everyone's gonna hate me first I
might kill hey I have to kill Lady Gaga
in this situation because I was very
different I feel like I have to marriage
what are you like the gaga like I am I
am you can't be the person who killed
gaga
oh is it public no no ie okay so Jack
and Finn um grace which grace I would
say cure self or a cup of coffee
oh my god I think the shit out of a good
luck
I'm not surprised if there's one person
in the world who would a cup of coffee
it would be you I'm Jack and Finn y'all
know just me and I'm Mary Grace of
course I would marry grace so we won't
kill a cup of coffee yeah I feel bad
because I can't kill my friends can't
you have to but you think of it this way
if you kill Jack and Finn that's a
double homicide I'm gonna kill night hi
Queen grace ain't ya you're killing
grace okay fine no I didn't do it on my
killed a cup of coffee you make me do it
you do you I miss canvas lately I was
beautiful I killed the coffee no don't
lie you're gonna pick on me it's a good
answer
this is cute good kid does that win it
ah Amir are you fucking here Jonathan
Ricky Dillon Oh Ricky Ricky Billy okw
and Emma Watson see this is the hard
part you wanna fuck or marry if you
person you find attractive
cuz if you marry them you can forever
but she's got a good personality doesn't
she
I'm gonna marry her Wow Iker not gonna
marry rickey dillion imma kill Ricky but
if you kill a mirror that's seven years
bad luck
13 years bad luck he's married to me Oh
Ricky it's just so good because I was
thinking about killing Ricky and how I
would do it I'd smash a mirror on this
out destroy are you gonna c'mere this is
getting too sexual for my audience I
can't I can't understand I would look I
think you have think about it I'd kill
the mirror Oh Mary slow down I would
hey Ricky I forget what I'm doing have
you decided come on Simon Cowell anyway
Oh get it in jenna Marbles
I've jenna Marbles wouldn't she be fun I
could see that you're gonna fuck jenna
Marbles don't lie already upper - yeah
okay weirdo everybody why we're killing
Simon we're both killing Simon I didn't
repeat the same thing both gonna bet
marry Betty I'm married Betty okay I'm
marrying Betty when I like want one more
tomorrow whatever you want you'd like
that stop Ryan Higa oh my god you know
he's might he was my first youtube crush
he Ryan just things to me oh my god Ryan
watching my videos there's a deer right
there that no one can see okay
Oh Asha ranch elope - wait this is this
is by far the worst bunch we've gotten I
would Ryan Higa I think we've made that
pretty good would you friend what are
your other options oh my god I'm gonna
fit here on the wall marry Ryan and kill
the truck I can't kill the tarantula
this yes we have - after what we just
did we I just feel my piece of paper it
was shit you tried so hard sports sports
I guess I would marry the the deer on
the wall thank you and what a really
little shit already
I do we're basically married it's always
morning can you not yeah like you
absolutely not okay I think that's good
that was fun I think we figured out that
I would have the same taste I like it it
had been objects apparently and you
would a cup of coffee
nothing nothing about this is surprising
you are into it all even if it doesn't
move ah so I hope you guys enjoyed this
week's video if you did make sure it a
big thumbs up before you already do how
to do I know what you were gonna say I
think this should be Connors most
thumbed up video of all time
I think I think you should too Henry can
we do it do it do it just do it we want
to play fuck marry kill with you so I
want you to leave a comment below who
would you marry kill Tyler here with me
or a lamp that lamp is looking good the
more I look at that lamp I'm like girl
yes if you didn't enjoy this video we
did a similar one not even close not
even close to similar we did another one
on Tyler's channel tell you what did we
do we also did on my channel something
we made up called the tarantula
challenge and we have six real live huge
tarantulas
crawling on our Burris body it was just
a mess we were screaming if you're
afraid of spiders just go to watch it
because it's pretty funny cuz we both
are terrible it was the most terrifying
thing I've ever done yeah but if you
want to watch us free go flicked outer
space I click the first link in the
downbar and go watch the video and
subscribe link ok because Tyler makes
awesome video I see god bless thank you
so much Connor ok but other than that
I look for antastic as
