Oh God hey what's up you guys it's
Connor little sick little sick I may
sound a little bit stuffed up in this
video cuz I'm just getting over a cold
but I'm getting over it so it's ok I'm
fine I'm not sick I'm not gonna die yet
freaking cloudy outside which means it's
gonna be inconsistent lighting I hate
that so OCD about it when I edit I'm
like no it's darker it's lighter it's
dark red light oh my god a real
reenactment right there on that little
Dan but anyways you know I've been
thinking lately and it really took me a
while to let this sink in it really made
me think about and evaluate my life you
guys I recently realized I'm a father
away no not really in the hole baby
sense dad let me explain calm down take
a chill pill what I've realized is I do
a lot of things that a father does i
guide hey hey
hey you know stop stop no twerking nope
hey no stop hey don't do that
now I advise okay kids listen up I have
something important to say
although I know everyone loves
breadsticks and they are delicious
you must eat them in moderation you
can't have them all the time cash we
thank you mister so much oh not really a
good idea
stop just do it dad am i doing and I
nurture your jaw hit
no you're perfect flawless amazing and
overall beautiful human being and I love
you I beautiful hearts you really are
really all those things make me feel
like somewhat of a father figure a role
model if you do if you do so let's say
model no Connor stop not back a model oh
okay then oh snap yeah doubt I've
decided that being a role model isn't
all fun and games Oh
Gabe's you be like monopoly bitch what
is this third grade get out oh I I like
monopoly mmm you end up being
responsible for a lot of other people
other than yourself not about the me
about the weave you are responsible for
their lives and stuff I look like a
turtle when I do that Lulu I don't want
to tweet Facebook Instagram tumblr and
make a video about anything that could
hurt someone's feelings JK I would go
about your feelings but yeah it's gotten
really dark in here come back son are
you trying to save this video I think
I've concluded that I control you know
I'm like your father mother brother
lover I don't even know what I'm doing
anymore basically what I'm trying to say
is I love having my big audience I love
that I can connect with all of you and
be somewhat of a role model heejun and
stuff give it all those life lessons
positivity not negativity phone the
advice of the day I mean but okay so I
hope you guys enjoyed this week's video
if you did make sure it a big thumbs up
and leave a comment below what's a life
lesson that you know that you think
everyone should know
be nice to everyone never eat
two-week-old pizza pooping on the
sidewalk is acceptable in certain
situations and other things leave them
in the comments below make sure you're
looking that da bar and follow me on all
my social media websites check out my
merch check out my second channel all
those links will be in the downbar below
if you're also interested in getting a
personalized Christmas present for me I
joined this website called quarterly the
link will be below but other than that
I'm gonna go okay so being a father
I'm dad
