okay my video I have to start it donut
yeah you do whoa hey what's up you guys
it's Connor and Joey
hi and Joey rude okay everyone so today
I'm doing another collab with mr. Joey
Graceffa that's why we did a collab pony
months ago five thousand million months
ago before I was born
great and today we're doing another
collab for the don't even know I don't I
just do something that were probably
both terrible with we are though oh my
god so the last clap we did on Joy's
channel we did youtuber impersonations
we were both pretty bad at I was the
worst I think yeah everyone killed me
cuz I don't know beauty by but haha
sorry and today we were doing an accent
challenge type thingy
we're like mixing the heads up youtuber
impersonation thing with accents so
instead of youtuber names there's
accents on it right and just to disclose
we are apologizing yeah you can't wait
for all the people we put your pen we're
aware that we're not good at we're
really really bad accident so there you
go is it upsetting right okay oh my god
like today I went to the mall and like
got some Chanel and like Kelly girl it's
very close very close
like totally oh my god I miss Starbucks
skinny belly but any other thing Holly
valleys in the Valley California
somebody give me a lot to EXO is it is
it this way or is it upside down upside
down so I'll put the whole deck Oh God
and wait to give a sentence oh my gosh
Haram bikinis so then human tears yeah
heart of like second-guessing my life
right now and it's all I mean that heart
that's the thing
I'm so glad all I need is the sentence
y'all let's go get a hot dog
oh is that ad let's go walk down and get
a cab to the Boston no I totally went
Boston let's go New Jersey not in the
United States yes okay one mama y'all
let's go get a pizza it's New York New
York yeah
I'm alone I thought it was Italian hey
what let me think I say I feel like it's
gonna be so racist okay ha ha ha oh my
god is it friendly
ha ha ha well now it's your turn again
oh no ah damage you're not gonna guess
this one because I'm going to be
terrible but I'm an amazing guest or so
therefore oh look at this talent right
now oh look at that light oh my god that
was Irish no Connor hello welcome to the
house thank you for welcome oh my god I
sound like my math panic there it sounds
German
yeah is it it's German like ants finder
idea that's actual German whatever it's
the whatever video because my channel
which anything else that's true we don't
give up oh my gosh oh how to do this I
backed down to the store with my wife to
get some food for dinner and we picked
the bellows be your boyfriend ah we took
so many shots of vodka vodka Russian yes
okay I like vodka Russia but like I said
not some do your best Russian go I I am
from Russia it's so hard I am oh that
was it I am Russian oh my god we I don't
even know what got rocky from to be or
not to be that is my questions I go by
which one Experion is that actually it
yeah is that really it I was like okay
what ethnicity Shh I'm done I'm so good
okay
oh hey back in the yard a maple syrup
and moose a will be going to the store a
supposed to be Canadian yeah we were
just in Canada they were telling us how
not to use a and I totally just
I failed them all haha I feel nothing
like an ADA you know you're so bad at
those it's funny those for the people oh
hi there so are you going to the store
later this was actually pretty good I
think I know it is Vicki up soon my ears
just let it happen
oh so there you do that really good oh
my god is it whoa
I wouldn't weigh out there Irish huh no
it's not is not oh I saw they could
Turkey about oh yeah don't you Oh like
you do oh my freaking guys suck at the
sofa oh don't you know like we're gonna
have like a Norwegian no it's not
original it is American I'm sorry
Minnesotan yes really yes and you that
is my state I don't think we have an
accent I'm like I just feel like what's
up you guys it's Connor born and raised
we say like oh that's gosh darn cute
right here oh that's got Karsten cute
baby son so I read don't know if I give
Irish ones cuz then I won't be able to
do that either oh oh you're shy child ah
how you doing right there laddie Oh
laddie ah Irish Scottish Irish it's
hatred what is so ironic that you kept I
kept playing oh do it do it for me top
of the mornin to ya is that Irish teen I
don't know they're the same thing I know
that another thing early crossings
allowed all I kept thinking about Niall
or and I was just like how does he talk
oh wait no it's my your turn to speak
oh my god like I am from hydrant oh oh
well here is manic
but what country Mexican that's so
racist no it's not you like where I grew
up is a very pretty beautiful place it
is wonderful my beliefs it's a beautiful
island Oh Island tropical Hawaiian I
must banish paradise actually I don't
even know Cubans Puerto Rican poor Rican
yes haha this is my last one I like
water that's not like they go downtown
with some water Newport Harbor we're
gonna go down there and get some donuts
I'll get some food I'm not from there
because those future an idiot's open
idiots over that Jersey now pretty close
though faucet yeah I'm like why I have
friends from Voss like a like pasta car
 the car the god upsets what to
do I'll to do um Oh
quirky we're gonna go down to the Bobby
and cook some coffee were Australian
yeah second huh
what bye probably over exit they felt
worse action like if there's no ward or
worse I don't know which one of us was
worse to be honest this easily tops are
worse youtuber me so why don't we do
this ourselves
I don't I love it well you guys so
either way I hope you enjoyed it and I
hope you found it slightly humiliating
but still pretty funny yeah if you did
think we were really bad but still
enjoyed it make sure you have the big
thumbs up haha you don't make us feel so
much better about a sleeveless aww oh my
god I give it a thumbs up please
other than that though we did a video on
Joey's channel what did we would be
doing your gym we attempted the innuendo
bingo yeah so make sure to go either
click his face click the link in the Dom
or whatever go check it out and
subscribe you if you're not already he
makes videos freaking every day I do
sure honey I can't do that make sure you
look like our links in the DA bar and
follow us on our social media websites
but other than that we're gonna go do
you more my outro yeah you do
Booya get up
