sitting on the ground hey what's up you
guys it's Connor today I'm using the
window lights and another window light
and I'm kind of sitting in the corner
mind you the video lighting will
definitely change during this video
because it's 4 o'clock in the afternoon
and yet it is getting dark outside I
hate this but I love natural lighting
okay but anyways so this week again I
want to get a little personal so it's
ever always trying look for a cool tag
that'd be fun to do but I didn't find
one not one that I liked so I decided to
make my own I don't have a name for it
but it's something like the most tag
it's a work in progress and I don't
really know if it's grammatically
correct but you mean it's my channel I
do what I want but so I'm going to be
telling you guys about certain
situations where I was the most
something let's just get right into it
the most scared I've ever been so I
thought about this for a while and I
decided that the most I've ever been
scared is probably the first time I got
pulled over by the Popo I was coming
back from a long swim session and I was
going like 15 miles over the speed limit
unlike an unmarked county road in the
middle of nowhere and of course I got
pulled over I literally had a mini heart
attack called my mom and was like what
are you what do i do what do I do this
guy yeah the cop felt bad for me and
didn't give me a ticket so I got away I
got away the most happy I've ever been I
tend to be a pretty happy person the
little and simple things in life tend to
make me very happy so really any time
that I'm together with all my friends or
all my family members that's usually
when I'm the most happy it just gives me
all these morning little tingly since I
can't stop smiling the most sad I've
ever been okay so this one's pretty hard
like I said I'm a really happy person so
it's hard to find a moment where I was
really really really down obviously
everyone has their bad day so it's hard
to pinpoint one but there was a point at
the end of my freshman year where I just
hated school I hated my sports and I
even hated my friends and it wasn't one
particular reason it was just I don't
know it was just something that was
inside me just made me not want to like
anything I don't know there was just
something wrong on a semester that I
couldn't even pinpoint but you know it
worked out everything got better and I'm
happy again the most proud I've ever
been okay so this one was really easy
for a majority of my life I swam and I
ran I swam and or I ran pretty much
every day and the most satisfying most
proud of ever been of myself is when I
qualify for nationals and swimming and
state and cross-country if there any of
you that don't do sports you may not
understand this but working for hours
and hours and hours and finally having
it pay off is just it's just an amazing
feeling I can't even really describe it
but I just felt so proud to be me
and part of everything I'd accomplished
I just loved me group hug the most crazy
I've ever been okay so I was pretty
crazy my junior and senior year of high
school like I did a lot of things that
right now I'm like no Connor why why I
just I don't even know really but some
of the craziest times I can think of is
with my car pool for swimming me and my
friends I do not would pull down her
pants and moon people as they drove by
us I don't even know we were just a
crazy group of friends that always knew
how to have a good time it's always a
good time throwback the most passionate
I've ever been again a very easy one
I've always been crazy passionate about
YouTube but ever since I had a million
subscribers it's just kind of put it
into full throttle I love everything I
do with it I dedicate every moment to it
and it's just my favorite thing it is my
passion I love you come in touch you oh
yeah most sick I've ever been I'm a
pretty healthy person I'm pretty sure at
my birth I almost died so maybe that's
the most sick I've ever been I don't
know don't quote me on that to my mom
watching this I could be completely
wrong other than that I broke my thumb
and that sucked because I was like six
weeks in a cast who the Sun is just
shining right now I got a pocket got a
pocketful of sunshine
yeah pretty healthy the most tired I've
ever been I don't sleep let's get real
here you guys know it I don't sleep I
mean I don't frickin post around my
wallets as Internet kids never sleep the
Sun right now just needs to stop just go
away get out oh my god what is going on
I'm still yeah I'm getting more yellow
stuff oh my god I don't know what's
happening I'm turning yellow help me oh
that's kind of cool all right
bluie went away and now the lighting is
completely different but let's move on
like I was saying I'm always tired but
by far the most tired I've ever been is
back when I took a trip to Australia we
ought to flight from Australia to the US
for a good 15 to 18 hours and then when
we got there we were on the ground for
like five hours and then we flew up to
the Great Barrier Reef which was like
another five-hour flight and again I
have sleeping problems so I've been
sleep on the plane so I was up for a
good 36 hours it may have been more to
be honest I don't know needless to say I
needed sleep a lot and I was pretty much
falling asleep while I was walking I
needed to catch them Z's the most angry
I've ever been again not too angry of a
person I did however have a very angry
point in my life when I was younger I
was slightly overweight but no bit
chunky and that tended to make me a
more angry kinda I remember one time I'd
bought some candy and I left the room to
go use the restroom or something and
when I came back I discovered that one
of my friends had eaten like the entire
box and it gives you not i literally
flipped oh my god it's so embarrassing
to think about now so Connor please tell
the judge why did you just kill someone
get my candy Oh understandable
understand him and last but not least
the most excited I've ever been okay so
as for 24 hours ago I have a new most
exciting moment of my life last night I
went to the midnight premiere of The
Hunger Games Catching Fire movie and it
was the best night ever I was honestly
so excited because it's my favorite book
and now my new favorite movie I'm so
frickin good highly recommend you see
that and that reminds me since it's the
end of the month I need to recommend you
guys a new book from audible.com slash
Connor and I have the perfect one
because when I was in the theater I saw
a trailer for the new divergent movie
and from what I've heard the book is
awesome and it's a lot like The Hunger
Games it has to do with that whole like
dystopia and fighting the government and
all that kind of stuff but I've heard
really good things so I definitely think
that's the next book I will be listening
to if you'd like to go get that book
head over to audible.com slash Connor
and download your free copy and if that
book doesn't sound interesting to you
there's over 150,000 other ones and I
recommend a new one every month so you
better get on top of it people you gotta
keep up with the books so go click that
link and download your free copy but
okay everyone that's it so I hope you
enjoyed this week's video if you did
make sure the big thumbs up I think I
deserve your thumbs for creating my own
tag and for your comment below answer
one of the questions that I did most
scared have you said you've ever been
leave in the comments below I still feel
like it's grammatically incorrect but
whatever I'll do what I want while
you're down that down bar you can also
check out all my social media links to
follow me my vlog channel my merch store
all those links will be in the downbar
below but other than that I'm gonna go
okay so sweet eye to the most emotional
ah just look at that sunset it's not
ruining my lighting anymore
