hello hey what's up you guys it's Connor
get me on my bed it's not that kind of
video get your mind out of the gutter
okay you guys so today I'm doing
something a little different well it's
actually not that different because I've
done it once like a freaking year ago
okay so today with the help of my trusty
laptop yes it has lots of stickers judge
me I will be taking some of the most
popular songs on the radio right now and
pretty much just analyzing their lyrics
as we all know there are lots of popular
songs that have really really dumb
lyrics but are still quite catchy and
before you click out me like oh my god
Connor iTunes 10100 stop hipster please
you know you put some of these songs
okay well let's get right into the video
the other side note yes I know a lot of
you are judging me because my room is
straight out of Ikea and I'm proud of it
convenience
okay so currently the number one song is
the monster by Eminem featuring Rihanna
3 and mr. skittles okay so this one's
gonna be a little difficult cuz Eminem
is basicly there's like ha ha I love him
but just calm down a little bit unpack
the monsters the nickname I get myself
when I'm hungry okay so here we go
starts up with Rihanna I'm friends with
the monster that's under my dad sounds
like a childhood story get along with
the voices inside of my head
Brianna you crazy girl you're trying to
save me stop holding my breath and you
think I'm crazy yeah you think I'm crazy
I mean you gotta have voices in your
head Rihanna so I mean hello CooCoo goes
to Eminem I wanted the fame but not the
cover of the Newsweek oh well I guess
beggars can't be choosey has to see a
word I can't be choosey wanted to
receive attention for my music wanted to
be left alone and the public excuse me
okay let's be straight here if you're
gonna be famous people are gonna notice
you
how does stupid to think they won't
happen come on now what am I doing with
my hands for wanting my cake and eat it
too wanting it both ways they made me a
balloon
because my ego inflated Oh going to his
head when I blew up but it was confusing
because all I wanted to be you was the
Bruce Lee of the loose-leaf thank you if
he wanted to be like a master of the
writing claps to you because your lyrics
are actually really good so what we've
learned with this is the monster is
actually himself maybe I think he's
pretty much saying that the more famous
he gets he becomes a monster a door just
closed and another one open oh yeah
let's move on to the next song Royals by
Lorde the most overplayed song on the
radio right now okay I know for a fact
though this one actually has pretty good
lyrics - so maybe music is getting
better
probably not I've never seen a diamond
in the flesh I cut my teeth on wedding
rings in the movies and I'm not proud of
my address I'm in a torn-up town no
postcode Envy so she's like in the
ghetto is what she's saying and she's
not proud of it but every songs like
gold teeth Grey Goose trippin in the
bathroom blood stains ball gowns
trashing our hotel rooms trashing the
hotel rooms I just block that na sounds
like gold teeth Grey Goose trippin in
the bathroom blood stream doctor no room
it's true
pretty much every song nowadays is about
like oh my god famous money bitches
anxia we don't care we're driving
Cadillacs in our dreams and again
everybody's like Cristal Maybach
diamonds on my time paste chip plans
Oh Tigers on a gold leash k so again
she's making references to like society
and how everyone thinks that you need to
be rich and have diamonds and islands
and jets and all this crazy stuff I mean
a freaking tiger on a gold leash like
I'm pretty tight let's be honest but you
know it's not necessary and we'll never
be Royals Royals it don't run in our
blood that kind of luxe just ain't for
us we crave a different kind of buzz let
me be your ruler ruler you can call me
queen bee and baby I'll rule I'll rule
all
oh no I'm not broken record player those
are actually the lyrics let me live my
fantasy so I think basically she's
saying she's never gonna be famous but
it's okay to live that fantasy
she's accepting the fact that she's not
famous and I think she likes it or
something okay this is actually good
song - okay we've had two good songs
already this is surprising normally
songs suck when you look a bit later I
think basically the song means that
everyone's obsessed with Fame and money
possessions and just all that just stuff
and it's not okay and it's not good
moving on we need to find a song that's
bad timber by Ke$ha and pitbull yes we
found one there's no way this one could
be good a good song but there's no way
the lyrics could be good
Katy dollar sign House says it's going
down I'm yelling timber you better move
you better dance let's make a night you
won't remember I shouldn't say I'll be
the one you won't forget I don't really
understand the lyrics let's keep going
so the pro next lyrics are woooooo
bigger they are the harder they fall
true this biggity boys a Diggity Dog yes
we have a song that sucks I have them
like Miley Cyrus closed off original
working in their bras and thongs timber
face down booty up timber I don't get it
whatever have to do with anything
I am slicker than an oil spill oh Sh
that song just went from like weird to
sexual you say she won't but I bet she
will timber I have a feeling that timber
means something that I don't realize and
that something is really really sexual
timber probably that swing your body
round and round end of the night it's
going down one more shot another round
end of the night it's going down
basically they're dancing taking shots
and pitbulls gonna be a later whore
is going down I'm yelling timber you
better move you better dance let's make
a night you won't remember I'll be the
one you won't forget okay I know this
song is sexual now I get it I understand
the meaning of timber not about a tree
that is what we've learn
today is about a human body Paulie I
knew he would find a dad okay now we're
gonna move on to just a couple quick
random songs we gotta find some more
weird ones wrecking ball by Miley Cyrus
I am so late on this trend we clawed we
chained our hearts in vain we jumped
never asking why we kissed I fell under
your spell a love no one could deny kind
of like a fairy tale
Oh milers don't you ever say I just
walked away I will always want you I
can't live a lie running for my life I
will always want you it's kind of cute
when you read it like this she loves him
and here it comes
I finally cut off the Twinkies you're
coming in like a giant big metal ball oh
I get it it's like she wanted to break
the walls he put up inside of him and
fall in love oh you ever did oh yeah you
but it didn't work and she just got sad
and was wreck Oh milers sad aside with a
newer one do what you want by Lady Gaga
I feel good I walk alone but then I trip
by myself and fall I stand up then I'm
okay but then you print that that makes
me want to scream is she writing about
tripping and people noticing don't look
at me do you do what you want won't my
body do you want don't stop the tonic
dubab dubab oh yeah what is she even
talking about write what you want say
what you want about me if you're
wondering you know that I'm sorry oh so
she's basically saying like this is like
to the public it's like judge me do
whatever you want with me and then it
goes on to say you can't have my heart
and you won't use my mind but do what
you want with my body lyrically it's
actually okay do what you want with this
don't touch this or this cuz it's mine
it's mine okay
synopsis Eminem is a monster lord don't
want to be famous
pitbull as a Miley Cyrus came in
like a metaphorical wrecking ball and
Lady Gaga wants you to do whatever you
want with her body because her heart and
her mind are strong strong okay everyone
so
so I'm card as messed up as I thought
that would be most of songs we looked
out we're actually pretty good but trust
me dingo look at a bunch of other ones
the lyrics actually sucked
next time you jamming along to your
favorite song in the car think before
you listen to more you know okay but I
hope you guys enjoyed this week's video
if you did and you learn to something I
guess make sure the big thumbs up and
leave a comment below what's a song that
you listen to and then you looked at the
lyrics and you realize it is not what
you think it's about there are a lot of
songs they used to like as a child that
I've listened to now and I'm like oh my
god what was i listening to make sure to
go click on that down bar and follow me
on all my social media websites you go
check out my second channel for weekly
vlogs and my merch store for some merch
but other than that I'm gonna go okay
since we talked about lyrics make sure
she pretty got out on sometimes just
even sometimes that was quite the
stretch you are so far away today
