Oh death hey what's up you guys it's
Connor and I'm in a spinny chair okay
everyone so this week we're gonna get a
little personal I'm going to be digging
deep within my brain and bringing out
some past memories for you guys but so
the topic of this video is death morbid
I know I'm going to be telling about the
many times in my life that I have almost
died we've all had these experiences oh
my god today hugs almost died like me
and death were sawed totes closed today
I share one of my first memories of a
near-death experience is when I got
stitches right here on my forehead I
don't know if you can see it I have
stitches in the shape of a C dating but
yes so the story goes something like
this when I was younger I was playing
tag next to a dark parking lot having
such a good time of course yeah until I
was running running running looked back
to see if someone was chasing me saw
them looked forward and hit a no parking
sign I repeat I hit a no parking sign
with my face I don't think I was the
brightest child but yeah so basically my
head exploded I got blood everywhere but
you know I lived another time a couple
years later I was riding my bike down
the middle of the road again not the
brightest child and the story goes I was
on my way to the pool so I had a
swimming towel and for some reason I
flipped the towel over the front of the
bike it got caught in the bike wheel and
I literally flipped forward smacking
both my face and every other part of my
body on the pavement Jay I found the
story kind of funny because I proceeded
to lay in the middle of the road and be
like hey and my friends were like okay
we know it hurts but you need to like
get out of the middle of the road
because there's sort of cars coming and
stuff leave me to die yeah yeah way to
go Conor way to go another time I was
tired happen to be biking again but I
had nothing to do with the bikes so
basically me and my family were biking
on a bike trail and we stopped for a
little break it just so happened that
the exact spot we stopped at there was a
rattlesnake I do not I literally almost
stepped on it but I got away no danger
over here
cool that also happen to be one of those
moments right like ran away not
realizing what it just happened and then
like two minutes later it hit me and I
freaked out oh my god oh my god I was
Diet iams good times moving on to more
recent times so there I was in the
backseat of the car while my sister was
driving it was a cold winter in about
I'd say 2009 everything was going great
until we hit black guys ran into the
side of a bridge ran into the other side
of the bridge and then went into the
ditch I remember very clearly that when
she hit the brakes and we slid I hit my
head against the window my face don't
worry I was a hundred that vine but it
was kind of funny right now I don't feel
like every near-death experience is
funny later on in life I got away but I
totally almost died yeah and a very
moreso recent deer death experience on
my road trip to California this summer
we kind of ran out of gas and it kind of
was in the middle of the desert and it
was in the middle of the summer so it
was really hot really sunny and I don't
even think we have water food ah what do
we do now and for some reason I was
really calm like the dumbass I am I got
the middle of the road and I took this
selfie hashtag stranded on her now is
not the time
really really my life but some more
everyday occurrences for me I pretty
much almost die every time I see a
spider
I used to die just a little bit every
time we had a lecture in school today
we're talking about the history of sugar
and the biggest cause of death still
gets me almost every day is boredom I
almost died from boredom I have nothing
to do but sleep oh well ah God there's
something wrong with me but okay you
guys that's it so I hope you enjoyed
this week's video if you did make sure
the big thumbs up and now I want you
guys to leave a comment below what is
the craziest near-death experience
you've ever had I'm sure most of you
guys have some pretty good stories if
you want more me make sure to look in
that down bar and follow me on all my
social media websites you can go down
there and check out my merch
my blog channel as well but other than
that I'm gonna go this we can talk about
dying all about
