whoa hey man what's that oh this for my
arm yesterday oh my god how did that
happen
pretty crazy story sure you want to know
yeah so there I was minding my own
business hiking in the mountains when
bear attack robbery gone wrong let's
just say you're looking at the
international bodybuilding champion I
went to see baby driver the other day
and I may have gotten a little bit too
into it okay I wasn't that drunk but I
was drunk enough to convince myself I
knew how to fly so there's that wow so
you're like totally lying to me right
not an ounce of truth in this body
something semi lame and pretty
melodramatic happen very much so okay so
you may notice something different about
me this plant
if brand new no but for real hi what's
up my arm is in a sling so I hold my
shoulder over July 4th weekend and my
arm is now in this sling yay joy fun
totally expected this to happen totally
wanted this to happen this is exactly
how I thought I would spend my holiday I
tend to get injured in the lamest of
ways not that getting injured is cool by
any means but I mean there is a cool way
to get injured and my interest stories
are just never that I have a scar on my
forehead because I ran into a no parking
sign as a child I broke my thumb because
I basically punched a pool wall sort of
and this one is no different I'm gonna
set the scene for you it's July 4th I'm
going to a friend of a friend's house so
I mean you can already tell I'm going to
make a great first impression I get to
the friends house they have a pool
they're grilling out we're having a good
old time after everyone eats we decide
to get in the pool and he had one of
those I don't know if they still
advertised for them but I remember
growing up
advertised for these wave makers but
like if you had a small pool you could
buy one of these machines and
essentially you could swim in it as if
it were an infinite body of water
he had one of those and what I had never
seen him before and I was like turn it
up turn it on and then I got everyone
else to chat turn it on turn it on so he
turns on his wave machine and we're all
like swimming into it and it has this
weird effect where it pushes water out
but on the side it sucks water in so
that's how it creates this kind of wave
stream you can swim into it and then you
can follow to the side and then it would
suck you back in to it it definitely
doesn't sound fun it was fun
I swear so I was swimming into it and
then all of a sudden I took a stroke and
I just felt my whole arm twinge it was
like a scattering effect like went up my
arm and down my arm and I was like maybe
that's not the noise limit I felt weird
so I just like floated back I let it
like slope my dead body backwards and I
sat up and I look over and my right arm
is clearly out of its socket
I could see bone large gap bone it was
so gross I very calmly was like
everybody we have a problem my arm has
dislocated itself and I don't know what
to do everyone like quickly had a roll
so I had one of my friends was like we
need to call 911 Collin and another one
of them was like you're doing so well
you're doing so well and then the other
ones we're all looking on YouTube if
there was a way to pop your shoulder
back in by yourself so long story short
we found a youtube video about how to
pop your shoulder back in if you pop
your shoulder out dislocate your
shoulder and well I'm saying pop off
your shoulder
it hurt really bad like just existing
hurts so bad and at one point one of the
people reading the like articles they
were reading and watching a youtube
video if they're like oh by the way
Connor the longer the arms out of its
socket the more permanent damage it can
have so we probably should get this done
really quickly me and utter pain like
great this is fantastic I love parties
so at that point I was like okay I'm
gonna suck it up I'm not going to get in
the car and go to
spittle which is probably a bad thing
that's something that goes back to my
past I have a doctor dad so I think I've
always just had this weird comfort that
nothing bad can happen to me
but either way I sucked it up I went
onto the water because I distance with
people to hear me scream if it hurt
really bad and I basically did this
motion like you flip your arm up and
first attempt it didn't work second
attempt it did work and it made the
worst noise I think I've ever heard I'll
let your imagination roll with that it
was so disgusting
but then it was relatively fine it hurt
really bad for a while but I mean it was
back in the socket no one died nothing
was broken and yet here I am I later
found out that to properly heal a
dislocated shoulder you're supposed to
keep it in a sling for three weeks
because a lot of people make the mistake
of dislocating their shoulder and
assuming that all you have to do is
relocate your shoulder and then it's
fine but that's not the case that's not
what dr. Peter Franchot told me so here
I am in my king sling I specifically
looked on Amazon Prime and was like I
need a very minimal cute black sling and
it was privately hard to find a very
minimal cute black sling the reviews
were through the roof five stars I'm
five stars the worst part about this
whole thing is the fact that it's my
right arm that is injured I'm
right-handed so I feel completely
helpless in every type of activity
getting out of bed is very hard when my
alarm goes off it's on my right side and
I can't just roll over onto my right
shoulder
no that would hurt that's like maneuver
my body without at all rolling onto my
right side yeah it's very complicated
and then if I'm being a good boy because
I technically don't need to keep it in
the sling but if I'm being a good boy
and I'm trying not to put any weight on
my arm next time you put on a shirt
where you put on pants notice how you
use both arms so if you're missing one
of those arms you know even making food
is hard I have to remind myself that I
can't grab anything so I'm like how do I
do this okay that have to call me hi
scuse well done ah that was real okay
finish it off with more authority I mean
to be honest making food isn't that hard
I think just in that reenactment I
wanted a coffee
so signing my name is over stove not
that I have a good signature by any
means but it's just ends up being like a
scribble a straw like a penis I'm like
that is my legal signature do you want
to see my license oh my god a concept if
you did that do you think they would let
you do that and I have to make a call to
the DMV now if I want to find a bright
side of dislocating my shoulder I in the
few short days that I have had this
injury I've found out that people are
especially nice to you if you're at all
injured I went to a movie the other day
saw spider-man it was fantastic
Tom Holland my heart I was getting the
movie tickets for me and my friends and
I had a random worker come out of like
the shadows and was like sir if you need
anything
absolutely anything any help let us know
please it was very dramatic but I was
also very appreciative the service our
flight fiestar's yet another raving yelp
review I guess that's a plus also I feel
like there's some sort of weird cute
factor that I get with this I don't know
what it's been but I've had a lot of men
hit on me in the last couple days and I
you know it could be my hair they've got
a new haircut it could be my amazing
personality or it couldn't it could be
my t-shirt that promotes reading that
they're good chance of that one but
honestly I think it's there's some sort
of weak there's some sort of like weird
innocent cute factor that they're like
oh it's like a pity thing they're like
Oh shame look at him he hurt his arm I
should hit up them to make him feel
better okay as I'm verbalizing that one
baby it doesn't make sense but it you
know I feel good but that's the story
I'm whistling if you enjoyed this video
click that like button gives me a pity
like let's see how many pity likes we
can get also leave a comment down below
what is your worst injury I guess let's
all connect through pain not really
different from any other day other than
that though I hope you have a great week
don't pull dislocate your shoulder break
an arm any of that and I'll see you next
week
doo doo doo doo
