we're done it's over get out hey what's
up you guys it's Connor and this week I
am brought back to you guys with another
relationship video so this week I will
be telling you guys why your
relationship ended so if you've ever
been in a failed relationship I'm going
to be telling you why that happened what
you did wrong what happened from start
to end and I can already see the
comments now oh my god I've never been
in relationship my life is over
ahahahahaha this video can be a learning
experience it can help you for future
relationships that you may possibly sort
of hopefully I don't you're probably
gonna have a relationship once in your
life but let's just get right to the
video a main reason why your
relationship ended was because you were
too clingy you depended upon your
significant other way too much needy
freaking media you wanted way too much
attention and you never left them alone
and it just got to them everyone needs
their space at one point or another so
just back up back up
GUP you didn't care the relationship
went from being two people to all about
you relationships are not about of me
they're about a we two people it
involves two people or three I guess if
you're into that no never mind you need
to care about the other person in the
relationship not just yourself you were
freaking crazy
you were so protective over every single
thing that other person did hey I'm
gonna go out with my friends
where are you going when are you leaving
and who exactly are you hanging out with
oh oh yeah you tend to overreact to a
lot of small things oh yeah there was
that whole asking about kids thing
within the first week of our
relationship not gonna happen
not gonna happen which moves very
smoothly into you rushed everything how
many kids are we gonna have
I want a summer wedding do you want a
summer wedding honeymoon in Bora Bora
would be amazing bitch we just got in
the relationship calmed down you do not
need to rush into these things you have
a whole lifetime ahead of you to do all
that when it got ugly you made a
relationship public
I saw your indirect your facebook status
your myspace whatever it was called I
saw by posting personal things about
your relationship online it brings other
people into it then all of your friends
are gonna start taking someone's side
again relationships are about you to not
ever
please keep it private and a big one you
had false expectations 99% of
relationships are not gonna be a
Nicholas Sparks novel I want to do all
of that because I want you I want all of
you forever every day it's not gonna
look like that I'm sorry Oh wouldn't
that be nice
but the reality is relationships are
full of flaws they're full of a lot of
arguments and it may suck but you'll get
through it so don't have any
expectations thinking none of that's
gonna happen but really you guys as you
can see relationships end for many
reasons I personally think ultimately if
a relationship ends those people were
not meant to be together for the ones
that do last sure you'll get angry every
once in a while but that's just life
real lasting relationships the ones that
bounce back find the positive and have
love unconditionally super cheesy but
the truth but okay so I hope you guys
enjoyed this week's video if you did
make sure to big thumbs up and leave a
comment below what are some other
reasons relationships end there are
endless possibilities some more dirty
than the ones I mentioned don't be a
cheater sooner also make sure to go
check out and follow me on all my social
media links that are in the downbar
below but other than that I'm gonna go
okay so relationship so why the end oh
my god
why can't we all just love each other
and bake a cake full of ray
