oh my god it's here
so hey what's up you guys it's Connor
and this week I have a very special
video for you quite possibly the most
special video I've ever made so if you
were not already aware I hit a million
subscribers last week Monday evening
around 9:30 p.m. I have million
subscribers it's just I can't even put
into words how awesome that is 1 million
people that is so many people both
amazing and terrifying like I remember
in high school when I steep speeches to
like a class of two dozen people and I
used to freak the out but here I am
talking to possibly a million people and
then relatively calm I guess but so as
many of you know when you get a million
subscribers on YouTube you need to do
something awesome something crazy
something that'll make your subscribers
go damn I know I subscribe to this guy
in the first place and here's the
problem I do have one of those things
bear with me so being YouTube viewer for
many years I've seen tons of youtubers
do their 1 million subscriber videos and
that gave me some inspiration of course
for my video for a while I played with
the idea of going skydiving let's do
this
I don't know one like this that's all we
needed but then I realized one I've
already done that two other people have
already done that and three I
procrastinated ran out of time so yeah I
also consider the idea of bungee jumping
I got this great got your bungee thanks
there are many reasons why I didn't do
that one so many things could go wrong
like death and then I thought connor to
give the people what they want do
something naked okay gonna do it we get
naked and jump in this pool for a
million three two one
I can't suck oh I'm gonna go get my
towel now
not as cool as I thought it would be
just a lot colder a lot more awkward but
then I was like okay
the reason these ideas aren't working is
because they have nothing to do with me
I have no personal connection to him
therefore they don't work with my videos
my videos are personal are you getting
it why not one Cupid me I was like okay
I need to do something random time to
get the Rika mmm too messy then I was
like I didn't do something that I love
Beth no it's better while but I feel
like we just need to spend more quality
time together
make it rain coffee right on me a coffee
baths or just I look like I just bathed
in dirt and I love it
much like the naked idea not quite how I
thought it would work out it was boring
and then it hit me like a freight train
I need to do something that completely
embodies me in every way possible okay
where are they what is this that's a
puppy I asked for kitties oh god I suck
nothing worked out okay everyone so all
jokes aside I just want to say thank you
very cheesy but I could have done any of
this without you I can safely say I
wouldn't be the person I am today or
where I am today without all your
constant love and support every single
one of you means the world to me and I
just want you to know that I love you
all whether you're a boy or girl I love
you so much thank you for putting up
with my crazy shenanigans over the years
there is honestly so much more to come
you have no idea so get pumped stop okay
but a quick side note because October
went by so fast like what the heck and
this video was so sudden and unexpected
I forgot to recommend you guys a book
from audible.com slash Connor and I my
god I have the perfect book so as a lot
of you guys know the new Hunger Games
movie comes out in November so of course
if you have not read The Hunger Games go
over to audible.com slash Connor and
freakin read all three books they are my
favorite series of books you need to go
over there and listen to them if you
haven't personally I enjoy reading the
books before the movies so maybe that's
just me but you know either way go go
listen to the book go listen to it go
read go get that knowledge so again if
you use the link and go to audible.com
slash Connor you get one free book and
if you don't wanna listen to the Hunger
Games
there's 150,000 other books
there's a little piece of dust and like
always I'll be recommending you guys
another book next month November what
the heck but really that's it if you
join this video and are one of my 1
million subscribers make sure you give
this video a big thumbs up and leave a
comment below
when did you subscribe to me and how did
you find out about me just some
interesting information if you haven't
already make sure to go check out all my
social media links they will be in the
downbar below if you want to see my
reaction to hitting 1 million
subscribers it's over on my second
channel I recorded it from 100
subscribers away up until I hit it so
it's it's pretty raw pretty real pretty
emotional I'm a basically cry I don't
know go watch the video and see but
other than that I'm gonna go okay so
sweet and subscribers oh my god what
message are resistance
