hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
this week I am home all this stuff all
this stuff so basically this entire week
I've been home in Minnesota visiting my
friends family and just all those
Minnesotans just all the Minnesotans but
so for this week's video I want to do
something that you guys have requested a
lot I'm always getting tweets me like
Connor wins the next s Connor video so
by popular demand
here it is Connor if you were a cat for
day what would you do pretty much this
now Connor how do I get you to love me
you know I'm pretty easy on that one you
just need to give me some food and
basically love you forever god I'm easy
do you sing in the shower and we danced
all night to the best song ever I mean
if you can call that singing have you
ever been to a strip club been to one I
work at one wait you guys said no I was
a male stripper where have you been yeah
perfect Connor what's the current
obsession you have right now I'm just
gonna give you a straightforward answer
on this one American Horror Story I am
obsessed with American Horror Story it's
so good I love it you have not seen it
go check it out do you like the rain
from inside but not outside I don't go
outside much I'm kind of a hermit oh
yeah how are you gonna celebrate when
you get to 1 million subscribers again
another straightforward answer I don't
know it honestly happened so fast that I
can not even prepare for this like that
large of a number just gives me anxiety
thinking about it nope nope nope don't
even think about it now what have you
done I think I've got a pass out no but
really look forward to the video next
week a little special if you are a hobo
what would your sign say
Connor what's your name backwards
Roenick kinda sounds like a Pokemon or
something Ronna use coffee splash yeah
Connor how many pillows can you balance
on your head okay let's see if we can do
this blend
oh my god I'm having trouble doing one
two two is it safe
yeah yeah hey me me me Frank call your
parents this should be good
hello sir do you have a quick minute I
just need to ask you a quick question is
your refrigerator running well then you
better go catch it yeah dad this is
Connor it's a prank call sorry okay you
guys that's it so I hope you enjoyed
this week's video I learned a little bit
more about me if you did enjoy it make
sure the big thumbs up and leave some
questions in the comments below I'll be
going through and answering them so you
guys can learn even more about me as if
you don't already know enough once you
go on that down bar all my social media
links will be in it so make sure to
follow me while you're down there you
can also click Subscribe I make new
videos every Monday but other than that
I'm gonna go okay since we third your
question so many question there's just
so many questions don't even
thank ya
