oh hey what's up you guys with Connor
I'm back in my good old bedroom and
hopefully I'm in focus because last week
I wasn't I'm sorry okay everyone so I've
noticed something lately we live in a
world full of overreacting extremely
emotional and easily offended people
they're everywhere like I feel like no
matter where I go someone is doing one
of those things do they need to be no
but they still do it and there lies the
problem
like for instance I cannot go a day
without someone blowing up my phone with
pure drama here drama cuts drama so much
strong is everyone hate me he dumped via
you bitch ran why and what sucks about
that is people tend to freak out for no
apparent reason there's no motive behind
it goner
someone's trying to murder me and how do
you know that I saw them all me home
pretty sure that was just the neighbor
oh my god that's it he's hated me ever
since I accidentally should have long
wait one more time I mean I was I
supposed to know that only dogs could do
that it's an easy mistake then everyone
gets wrong at least once in their lives
like people seem to be jumping to all
these crazy conclusions without any
reason behind it I don't get it like
really they just make something so
simple escalate into something so bad so
quickly hey any food you want some no
good thanks I should stay what are you
doing
eat this food why because I cooked it
and I'm offering it to you no I'm not
hungry
why are you making such a big deal of
this because I love you what I love you
too I'm hugging me oh my god really I
just think people need to learn how to
calm down and control their emotions
typical are you talking to beat what no
I did not know anyone else was in here
you tried to go be over emotional whoa I
never said that and you're going me fat
over gone wait what I'm going to poop
here huh
stand up squat and poop everything
that's inside of me out onto this floor
come again
yeah not like that okay but now for the
conclusion most of the time people just
need to stop breathe and realize that
they are overreacting there's no point
in it so just calm yo tits listen to
heartbreaker eat a Klondike bar it sit
down because it's all gonna be okay
if you're threatening on someone's floor
you know you've gone too far way too far
okay that's it so hope you guys enjoy
this week's video if you did make sure
to put a big thumbs up and comment below
what's the most you've ever seen someone
overreact or what's the most you've ever
overreacted to a situation make sure
also down there and hit that subscribe
button I put out new videos every Monday
so it will notify you when I put them
out and if you go in the downbar it has
links to all my social media website so
you should go follow me on those and
also I have a merch store so you should
go check out my merch but other than
that I'm gonna go okay so sweet I want
over reacting people are overreacting
people crazy people great I ran out of
breath on that one
