hmm hey what's up you guys is Connor
right
and by that noise you can tell that I am
currently in New York City I don't know
how you'd be able to tell that but you
know I am here fun little story so I'm
here four digit or and I had no where to
film because it's been really loud with
really crazy we've gone to four
different cities so I'm on one of the
tour managers sisters hotel rooms
filming my video an hour before my show
starts alone in New York City
my life could be a movie the camera does
that oh my god my life is just one big
annoying struggle but yes so as I was
saying with this 4-day adventure that is
the digit or I've found a lot of things
that annoy me
freaking annoy me so I've wrote a list
couple categories let the rant begin one
huge annoying part of life is mornings
one particular thing that really annoys
me is waking up five minutes before your
alarm goes off this always happens to me
I will always be in a deep sleep I'll
wake up Rebecca ah I bet I have like an
hour left then I'll look over and it
will say five minutes and I freaked out
freaked out basically the same thing is
when somebody wakes you up before you
want to this always happens to me where
I'm just like I'm gonna sleep in today
and then someone comes in my room and
wakes me the up early anti-god I just
get some sleep
I want to fly moving on a little later
in the day breakfast one thing that's
really annoy me about this tour is that
all we eat is junk food all day all
freaking day when I wake up in the
morning I want coffee and like frickin
fruit or something not candy and pizza
it gets old after like two days trust me
this reminds me of one thing I used to
hate when I was younger at home
when you go in you pour yourself a big
bowl Cirie you're really excited eat it
you go in the refrigerator and there's
no milk the most annoying thing ever
moving on as much as I love them there
are tons of annoying things that my
parents and my friends do that annoy me
when your parents don't stop talking to
you
now just know there's a certain point
you get into a conversation with really
anyone that you just are done may the
conversation is over it becomes a one
person conversation and the other person
is just like no can't stand it can't
stand it okay this rant is getting so
heated that I need to take off this
jacket the gloves are coming off people
and check it form I also really hate it
when my parents run in to my room to
tell me something that's pretty
irrelevant and they leave and they also
leave the door open
stop and now my friends when your
friends bail on you or forget to invite
you to go somewhere that they were going
with every other friend they have but
you it hurts right here also when your
friends or really anyone talks to you
while you have headphones in the reason
I have headphones in for everyone that's
listening is because I do not want to
hear the annoying that's going on in the
world I wanted to be me just me and like
Rick in one direction or something
you've got that one thing just us it's
our moment okay and now for the big one
people just people I hate it when people
think they're better than someone else
everyone is the same stop acting like
you're above them or something
go take advice from Lord cuz you're
never gonna be a royal okay you will
never be Queen when people borrow my
belongings without asking and they never
return them living with my friends going
on this tour that happens a lot and it
sucks I hate it it's mine mine let
people eat your food or just all the
food in general I have a hungry - yeah
foods for me the most important thing in
my life so I take it very seriously very
seriously the Final Four when people
talk loudly when people chew loudly mmm
when people breathe loudly
and when people exist loudly just stop
okay but that's it and I hope you guys
enjoyed this week's video if you did
enjoy my rant or agreed with anything
that I hate make sure to give this video
a big thumbs up and of course I want you
guys to leave a comment below with some
of the things that annoy you the list
goes on and on so just just let it all
out in the comments below make sure you
around here and click that subscribe
button it'll notify you when I put out
new videos every Monday every Monday
also make sure to go in the downbar to
check out my social media links they're
all down there but other than that I'm
gonna go okay so speaker Anton ratchet
my things doing people show me neither
everyone is annoying but you I love you
Bob
