hey what's up you guys it's gone our
hand
adventure ah so like you guys know I
tend to do a lot of traveling like it
pretty much feels like every other week
I'm in a new location like basically
consider me Dora the Explorer cuz I'm
exploring every part of this world every
part just everywhere and the most recent
place I went to was Portland Oregon just
way up there way up there basically I
went to Portland to go visit these two
goofs my brother and his girlfriend so
I'm gonna tell you about some of my
crazy experiences and just my trip in
general so for one I had a night flight
into Portland which was amazing flying
at night it's just so relaxing cuz of
all the lights and everything is just so
just breathtaking just a whole bunch up
so a quick little story about the plane
ride I was sitting next to like three
elderly women I feel like I talk about
elderly women a lot in my videos but
it's real they always happen babies love
me even at their grandma's yeah
basically these three women were eating
raw potatoes I know right and that
wasn't weird enough at one point I was
just like looking outside the window
listening to music and I hear ya gasps
sssh aha
and they look over to see this old woman
playing candy crush being like she was
like 70 my mind is blown I didn't even
think they knew what bones work let
alone candy crush oh the addictions back
to the trip so then when I landed like
most flights I come off just all like so
tired but I perked right up when I was
pleasantly surprised to see several
dozen of you guys waiting for me at the
airport now let me tell you this I never
once tweeted when I was flying into the
airport so you guys were waiting there
are like professional stalkers and I
give you I give you claps for that it
was a really good surprise and I had a
lot of fun meeting everyone that was
there but some of the main highlights my
trip and the most fun things I did we're
going downtown going to the coast going
to Forest Park and going to the Nike
store there was also that part right
tons and tons of good food drink tons
and tons of good coffee judge me I don't
care Oh some of my favorite places were
boudu Donuts which were amazing porque
no which served great fish tacos and you
know how I feel about fish tacos and
insomniac coffee which had great coffee
and
a pretty awesome name I literally just
gave them a tip because I had that name
it was like my place I felt so at home
but can we take a minute to talk about
the Portland weather la Los Angeles is
hot and sunny all the time but Portland
is the complete opposite it was cool it
was cloudy and it was kind of rainy all
the time and obviously that probably
sounds pretty crappy but it was just
really nice and a good change change is
good I've said this before but lastly
and probably one of my favorite things I
did in Portland
I had a meet-up I only gave you guys
like 48 hours notice for this meetup and
I was still pleasantly surprised to see
500 people came and then all their moms
all their moms I only wanted it to last
for three hours but it ended lasting for
five I took no breaks met every single
one of you and had a blast but that was
my trip tons of fun it was great to get
away and I really needed it really
Portland was basically the most hipster
place I've ever been
it was hipster central I felt so at home
with my people embrace it mmm but okay
so like a month ago in my last travel
video I want to recommend you guys a new
audio book to listen to I finally
finished The Fault in Our Stars by John
Green and I cried a lot on the plane
people looked at me but I don't care
because it was a great book and I'm an
emotional person but okay so since I
enjoyed that book so much I want to read
another one by John Green I've
downloaded and began reading Looking for
Alaska by John Green and I recommend you
guys do it too basically about a girl
named Alaska and a boy named miles and
everything that happens with them
together I don't know go read the
summary oh do a better job than me so if
you want to read along with me you can
go to audible.com slash connor and
download your free copy if you click the
link in the downbar you'll get your
first book free so I highly recommend it
and if that one doesn't interest you
there's over 150,000 other ones so go to
audible.com slash Connor and download a
book for reading to get smarter and for
fun gosh I highly recommend it but
really that's it oh the crazy Portland
adventures I'm gonna go into a lot of
new places soon so expect more videos
like this travel vlogs so if you did
enjoy this video make sure you have a
big thumbs up and leave a comment below
where I should travel next I'm looking
to go everywhere I'm gonna be posting a
blog or two about this on my second
channel so you can go over there and
subscribe or you just subscribe to my
main shot for new videos every Monday if
you want to follow me on other websites
all my social media links will be in the
downbar below but hold
that I'm gonna go okay so we talked
about more than partners locks more than
everything there's so many things more
than its own traveling I love traveling
