hey what's up you guys it's Connor we're
in a big room we're in a big room so
much space
yeah and you know I've been realizing
something lately Connor what have you
been realizing I'll tell you Connor
lately I realized there are a lot of
different types of greetings
there are greetings for this greetings
for that greetings are everywhere you
can't go a day without greeting someone
you just can't so I decided I want to
show you guys 25 different greetings
that I know of and I'm going to be
showing them to you by myself alone just
me raise your hand if you have no
friends oh yeah here we go
put her there you met your friends jeez
oh my god hiya hey oh hey you oh hello
there grab child how you doin
what's up I'm a mermaid hello well hey
how's the car yeah what's up sigh nailed
it
I love me that's it except you guys
enjoyed this week's video if you did
make sure give it a big thumbs up and
leave a comment below which greeting was
your favorite with that one over the bat
way or was it this one if you'd enjoy
this video I did a similar one on my
collab channel so you can click right
here to check it out call twenty five
things to live for and trust me it's not
as depressing as it sounds it's funny
make sure to go on the downbar and
follow me on all my social media
websites but other than that I'm gonna
go okay so sweets are for creating
screens every mother greetings they're
there everywhere
