hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
in the past I made a lot of videos about
girls guys dating relationships in
general but I haven't made one recently
so I thought was about that time so this
week I'm gonna be talking about some
signs to look for that a guy doesn't
like you and of course this is based
upon years relationships knowledge
advice research in general I'm so alone
I've been in many relationships and know
exactly what I'm talking about it's just
me so trust me I know what I'm talking
about
no I don't so the first thing to look
out for is if a guy doesn't initiate the
conversation with you he probably
doesn't like you girls ladies if you
always have to call him or text him it's
not a good sign if he's not putting in
that effort to talk to you I'm sorry he
doesn't like you he may like he was a
friend but not much more
if you eventually get up the courage to
ask this guy out or ask him to do
something with you and he says he's busy
it's not really looking too good
sure maybe he's actually busy but if he
does it a lot it's probably not you're
probably still alone I'm sorry if he
really likes you he would literally drop
anything and everything to hang out with
you even if he's holding his grandma for
some weird reason he's gonna drop her
and come to your house poor grandma
another way to tell is if you happen to
be in a conversation with this guy and
he's not really personal with you mm-hmm
if he's treating you like a buddy and
just kind of like having a casual
conversation with you it doesn't seem
like he's that into it from personal
experience if I like someone I want them
to know everything about me and I want
to know everything about them get
straight a personal all the little
details everything again if you're
hanging out with him another sign to
check for is if he's not that touchy
with you if he's like keeping his
distance it's not looking too good I
mean really in any situation if anyone
keeps their distance it's probably not a
good thing if you like she was going to
be playful put his arm around you hug
you everything in between
unless he's like a germaphobe or really
shy I don't know he probably doesn't
like you if he's not close to you close
to you close to you if he's calling you
bro
man or other masculine nicknames
no just no I'm sorry but you are so far
in the friendzone at that point you
might as well put on a bro tank rent a
die-hard movie and chest bump with this
guy because you are now best friends bro
friends boom so he doesn't like you if
you like a guy and he likes you back
he's probably not gonna flirt with other
girls you're having conversations with
him he's like oh damn look at that
hottie over there he doesn't like you he
likes her if you're watching TV and he's
like have you ever noticed how sexy
Oprah is I don't know if he likes you
likes Oprah or if you're in gym class
and he sees Karen the local slut he's
like oh nope just nope he should want
your attention what high percent of time
not Karen's not Oprah's he likes you and
only you do you smell it I smell love in
the air and finally if the guy you like
is seeing someone dating someone or
married to someone he probably doesn't
like you or at least he shouldn't know
okay so hope you guys enjoyed this
week's video I hope you found my
suggestions and tips very helpful the
final note is if a guy likes you you'll
know if he really likes you he's gonna
make an effort to let you know that he's
interested ok so if you enjoyed this
video make sure to big thumbs up and
leave a comment below with some of your
dating relationship questions you have a
guy that you think likes you but you're
not really for sure leave in the
comments below and I'll try and help you
out make sure to follow me on Twitter
Tumblr Instagram all those links will be
in the downbar below you can go over to
my second channel and subscribe for
weekly vlogs or subscribe to my main
channel for videos every Monday but
other than that I'm gonna go okay so
this week's talk about guys dating
relationships like how does it like you
done
