hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
as you know I just moved into a house
with three other guys beside it that
again must be like over the entire van
its day Ricky J bond and Keon okay now
you guys can go okay so obviously we're
all great friends and love each other
but we also love messing with each other
and tend to get on each other's nerves
sometimes we all have some things that
we do that are just really annoying to
the other roommates some more than
others but being with my new roommates
that got me to thinking about some of
the most annoying things a roommate
could do so I created a list and here's
what I came up with that roommate that
borrows everything without asking and
that's my stuff
chill she sees you in computer watch a
movie tips cuz I was hungry and
toothbrush cuz my mouth is dirty and a
dog because I was lonely that roommate
that's always trying to take gross
photos of you just to be annoying
pointing out my imperfection
what let me show you that's so
embarrassing stop okay get out that
roommate who always has friends over
nice quiet down I'm trying to study
okay sorry bad that roommate that is so
lazy and is never productive and never
does anything make you move your car
gotta be somewhere
yeah ya know like now I'm already late
to show just gonna it's 3 p.m. point
that roommate that tends to be
unintentionally creepy and sometimes
watch as you sleep
and then there's that needy roommate who
can never do anything alone and always
seems to need someone's help hey can you
help me at this I'm so lost yeah here
let me look at it
no not homework I met my shoe you're
kidding right
no do I look like a Boy Scout to you
that roommate that always makes you look
bad in front of other people
Connor can you get a picture of us yeah
sure use a smart cam app okay three two
one go which one of these do you want oh
I love it
Connor and of course that immature
roommate who tends to always prank
everyone but that roommate who uses his
phone to record videos of you and shares
it with the world the world thank Ian
what's she doing home what I'm on
Facebook that I'm no all video I know
it's Facebook that's gonna be on
Facebook yeah things get pretty crazy
when you have roommates
especially my roommates but anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed this week's video
if you did make sure you have a big
thumbs up and comment below some
annoying things that your roommates have
done and just a quick mention the phone
I used in the video with the Nokia Lumia
1020 it's a really cool phone that has a
sick camera with a 41 megapixel image
sensor basically that means it's really
high quality and really awesome if you
want to check it out or read more about
it I'll put the link in the description
below it's not AT&T comm and also in
stores yep but really that's it make
sure to follow me on Twitter Tumblr
Instagram all those links will be in the
downbar below you can also subscribe to
my main channel for weekly videos and my
second
for weekly vlogs but other than that I'm
gonna go okay so this week I'm doing a
message okay again right now
