hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
this week I need to address something
with you guys now obviously I read
through my tweets might um blast my
facebook mentions a lot and one thing I
constantly get is cutter you're perfect
Connor you're so amazing
Connor you are flaw less and my usual
response is I no no really though I'm
usually just sitting at my computer and
I'm like no or sometimes they'll be on
my phone and I'll be like and pets the
truth I feel like our generation is just
so obsessed with the idea of perfection
and we don't need to be because really
it doesn't exist I know I personally
have tons of issues and things that I do
not like about myself tons the whole
frickin list for one I'm really
self-conscious example I go on airplanes
a lot and I do not get up from my seat
unless I have to of course the one
reason why most people have to get up on
airplanes is because they usually I've
go to the bathroom and I will sit in
that seat until I have to my pants just
my pants but if I were to get the
courage to ask the people I'm staying
next to to stand up because I do in the
bathroom I walk down the aisle of the
plane I just like looking left to ripen
like everyone's judging me everyone
knows what it does it better everyone
gets up to go to the bathroom on an
airplane it is a completely normal thing
I like it I'm gonna get back down
another thing I get really
self-conscious about is food for one I
hate being in a group of people and
eating by myself there's something about
it I feel like everyone's judging me for
eating hey are you uh hungry by chance
no oh
neither same thing happens when I go to
the grocery store I feel like when I'm
walking down the aisles and that one
person in the aisle standing next to me
is like cookies Wow
fat ass
got this gothis he was the guy eating oh
stop the judgement I'm just gonna now
realizing how afraid I am of people
judging me and not good news to me
but really the main point in this video
that I want to get across is that it's
completely normal to have flaws and be
self-conscious about them I know for a
fact I am my biggest critic in life
whether it's me getting ready in the
morning uh you need like a white in your
teeth or something really really I don't
think you look that bad
you look like you have the mouth of a
chain-smoker hmm yeah or just me simply
looking in a mirror uh
are you wearing that to school yeah why
your funeral
I judge myself a lot and probably more
than most people around me of course I'm
gonna use the really cheesy line
nobody's perfect I want you guys to
embrace your flaws and love everything
about you because you're the only you
stuff love you love you I love myself so
I want you guys to go out there be happy
with who you are and work your flaws
work but either way I hope you guys
enjoyed this week's video if you did
make sure to have a big thumbs up and
comment below some flaws you have I want
to know something you're self-conscious
about so put it in the comments below
and just embrace it make sure to follow
me on Twitter Tumblr Instagram all those
links will be in the downbar below you
can also click that subscribe button
down there it's free and I'll notify you
when I put out new videos every Monday
every Monday but other than that I'm
gonna go okay since we have no flaws
flaws be more fun everyone why I bought
your favorite photos
yeah
