hey what's up you guys long time no see
it's just my catchphrase at this point
before we start a video I just got to do
something tomorrow is the 4th of July so
bitch today we're going to be festive as
fuck just noticing how many spider webs
are out here and it's absolutely
chilling there's one that goes from the
roof to the ground I don't want to see
the thing that made that before the July
so you know what what do you do when it
I should get this away from my face last
year I almost burned my face and if I
can do both at the same time here on HBO
Wow hi my name is Connor Franta and
you're watching Disney Channel
hell yeah there's need Channel ooh
storytime I lit myself on fire okay this
is getting I'm gonna put some on the
ground okay we're going back in five yep
and we're back that was fun that was
that div last year when I was lighting
up some sparklers I put them too close
to my face like you know you do really
cute Instagram pic that's the 2017 thing
to say but I put it up too close to my
face not even thinking it's literally on
fire and a couple of the little spark
things just like stuck to my face I was
like this what do I do
they're up there like burning my skin
but they healed and no scarring cool
okay just a memory thinking of memories
the other day I was thinking I comes up
in conversation a lot I took five if not
six years of Spanish growing up I I
almost could fully speak the language
but the last pants class I took was like
like three or four years ago so today's
video I just wanted to test my Spanish
knowledge I have a feeling a lot of you
are in like Spanish 1 or Spanish too so
you're just going to laugh at me during
this video and if you don't know
anything about Spanish I mean you could
go I don't know you'd be surprised at
how hard it was to find a Spanish
flashcard app but I found one that did
exactly what I wanted to do we're going
to start off with the category called
shopping works
shopping Rd dodo the first word I'm sure
you all know you uh play how would I say
I used to speak Spanish really well yep
I'm screwed me gusta to to throw fast me
gusta contra las Rocas I like to buy
clothes which is shopping category of
April pluma bloomers pen I'm proud of
myself
lapiz la piece is pencil ah Spanish God
libro book this is just this is beginner
novice calendario are you kidding me
calendar can you new category beer food
food opera TV hmm why can I not speak
Spanish now I used to be so good operate
Evo to operate there basa cervesa is
alcohol or beer or something beer I'm
good at what applies to me cognac that's
a tilde I have no idea kind of looks
like my name is tak honor brandy
vino vino is wine why are these all
alcohols this is just a food category
leche xxx Lecce is milk free--ah is like
cold milk milk parenthesis cold
parenthesis cafe cafe no ok there's
coffee
alrighty that's like when you stand
someone and some of like name 5 songs
and you can't actually name 5 songs
I just got coffee wrong are you kidding
me all or no that oven baked kind of
clothes I can't believe I got this bad I
purposefully tried not to study so that
I would authenticate level of Spanish at
this point in my life
we're going to go to body cabeza head
que lo haré para face Lucas knows body
parts apparently
oh hi Sue oh ho says muy bonito na Reese
no transportation that's a very vague
category Avion
is that fair point
trend train the some kind of like French
when I said that way terrain also is
that car not coach's car Auto I don't
know it is car at a coach it was car on
Valencia ambulance eeeh I'm Balenciaga
that's like a real sheet ambulance me
when I break my arm and I like call the
on Balenciaga weather knave and oh that
like raining snowing
yo Vienna no yo viendo is that raining
raining I viento is that it's hot it's
windy I saw it's sunny
okay I'm done with his app I got my
dollars worth I know that there was a
BuzzFeed quiz but I was going to do too
so let's do can you pass this basic
Spanish test how do you say so in
Spanish SOPA oh Jesus
what it's not so far that's not right I
swear to god it's soba Pabon are you
kidding
I look like an idiot a bond jabón I
don't know how to say and tapas Johan
how do you say Pope when in my life am I
gonna have to say Pope in Spanish okay
they have options
I'm gonna say it el ha ha it is Elphaba
look at me go tiny say I'm excited
yo soy emoji oughtta know it's still a
Moshi otta hey yeah he's back on a roll
what does the word noodle mean they give
you two options nudes or not I'm
guessing it's not yes not library Biblio
take up there's a movie where someone
tried to speak Spanish and they say
something like me gusta tu biblioteca
gracias para llevar in la casa mi
escuela and yeah so mark other that's me
choke Chuck this is one that I will use
daily choke choke are or off for a
four-car there's no way it's choke are
is true
okay it's not show car star Esther daya
not all I got I'm disappointed in myself
but I'm not surprised my Spanish is a
solid D I used to get a pluses in
Spanish I used to be so much more Nadia
I thought it was so much better than
that el pasado the past correr to run
Nadar to swim comprar to buy calor
favorito s re Co Amana Rio it's in there
it's in there it's there I just need to
practice sorry to all my
spanish-speaking audience I've failed
you happy fourth of July everybody they
say don't accidentally let your face on
fire please help yes I just released
some new comic culture compilation so if
you want that click the link down below
of artists 12 amazing songs download it
also sign physical versions are
available like tomorrow so click the
link down below okay love you guys sorry
for the mess so see you next week
