hmm hey what's up you guys it's Connor
once again a new setting but we'll get
to that a little bit later in the video
ok so this week I want to do a little
bit of a story time and not a story
about just one particular thing but a
story about like the past month so the
month of August has been literally
insane for me and I just have to tell
you guys everything about it it's been
so weird and crazy because I've not been
in the same state for like more than a
week but as crazy as it is I actually
love it and I've had so much fun this
month so let's start off with teen hoot
I went to tea and hoot back at the end
of July and it was so cool were tons of
screaming girls tons of scream boys and
a lot of screaming moms as well moms
love me it was so much fun me and the
other boys of our second life got to
host and it was just overall a great
experience and a week after that I was
in Anaheim California for VidCon this
was my second Tennant VidCon it but oh
my god it was so insane the first time I
went to VidCon last year I had like
maybe 30,000 subscribers and then this
year I went and I had like 700,000 or
something and it just it blew my mind
one it blows my mind that I have that
may subscribers - it blows my mind that
I got that many in a year and three just
seeing it is insane it was honestly so
great to meet you guys it was so much
fun and I loved hugging and taking
pictures and doing whatever you guys
wanted to do it sounds kind of bad but
did kinda the truth I had lots of
meetups lots of signings lots of stage
things and I also got to go to a bunch
of cool sexy little YouTube parties lots
of fun talking and hanging out with
everyone it was pretty much one big orgy
of nerds what can I say moving on the
weekend after that I went to Hawaii with
my family so I went with my two parents
would you saw in last week's video my
older brother his girlfriend my younger
brother my sister and my sister's
boyfriend so it was a lot of people but
it was so much fun we went snorkeling we
went to beaches we saw dolphins we swam
with sea turtles it was just it was
amazing and then after that we can
relaxing I went back home to Minnesota
like literally what is my life I've been
in pretty much every state this month
except that was way more chill all I had
to do is just relax and like go on
tumblr and stuff which by the way
freaking sidenote never go on tumblr
when you're in public or around your
family just oh just Jesus Christ don't
do it when I go on tumblr I type in the
word
cool and naked people are popping up
left and right so much porn so much porn
but besides that I just got to hang out
with my old friends play
my cats everything between just it's
just so much fun I fell much fun like
for everything I've done so much fun
okay and since I've been flying a lot of
places I need to transition to the plane
rides I've obviously taken planes to
everywhere I've been and I would've been
so bored if it weren't for audible
audible is a website where you can
download audiobooks so I just downloaded
them and put them on my iPad and the one
that I'm currently reading is The Fault
in Our Stars by John Green a fellow
youtuber it's such a great mixture
between hilarious and sad I've never
read a book that's this inappropriately
funny considering it's about a girl who
has cancer who falls in love with a boy
who's an amputee I highly recommend it
so if you want to download it for free
and go over to audible.com slash Connor
and download it for free
literally all you have to do is click
that link sign up and your first book
free there are tons and tons of books so
if that one doesn't interest you there's
a lot more to choose from it really made
traveling a lot more easy for me and so
much more enjoyable so head on over to
audible.com slash Connor after this
video and download your free book and
finally my house in LA I just moved into
a house with Keenan Lally Ricky Dillon
and JC caylen and I love it I spent a
few not 5 hours building this bed that
chair and that desk last night
freaking IKEA with your beautiful items
that I didn't even realize took so long
to put together like damn they're sexy
and now I'm glad that I have several
places to lounge where I go on the
internet and have basically no life oh
the lounging yeah so by having this room
together pretty soon I'm thinking you
guys might want a room to her yeah hey
room to her maybe I don't know if you do
let me know by liking this video and
commenting below but really that's it
but I hope you guys enjoyed this week's
video if you did make sure the big
thumbs up and comment below some
experiences or places you've travelled
lately have you gone anywhere cool that
many cool things let me know in the
comments below
if you want to see any of the pictures I
took this month which I think are pretty
good head on over to my Instagram and
follow me if you want updates on my life
head over to Twitter and if you want to
see my blog head over tumblr and
everything else will be in the downbar
below make sure to subscribe to my main
channel for weekly videos and my second
channel for weekly vlogs which will be
coming back very soon now that I'm back
and done with my vacation I'm bringing
the vlogs back but other than that I'm
gonna go okay so this may be talked
about experiences and my things and
different things are weird scenarios Oh
what we do in elevators
