hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
this week I decided to do a little bit
of a special video so unbeknownst to a
lot of you this week is my anniversary
and I know you're thinking whoa whoa
whoa
Connor you're not single huh no no no
not that not that
this Wednesday August 21st is my three
year anniversary of my youtube channel
exactly three years ago Wednesday I made
my first youtube video downstairs in my
bedroom oh the memories but yes this is
the big occasion and I really feel like
I haven't shared a lot with you guys
considering we've been together for
three years now so I want to take this
video to get a little personal and have
you guys meet a couple people that I've
known for a while two of my best friends
two people I look up to a lot to people
who've done a lot for me in my life I
think it's about time that you guys met
my parents let's go get them just one
here one here is the fine yes oh no
everyone these are my parents
oh okay can you guys introduce
yourselves
I'm Connors Danny was it birthed me
there there is one of us birthed you I
was there haha
can you see what are you my sense of
humor okay so I have a couple questions
for you guys that I I mean I don't know
maybe they want to know that maybe they
don't but they're gonna learn them gonna
start easy because I know you two aren't
used to talking to a camera
okay good deal though it's your
something yeah delish
it's a little box sure that simple
questions do you guys have an occupation
our position mm-hmm and I'm a homemaker
she's a mom come on any hobbies like to
exercise
yes we like to bike I like to do yoga
you make wine if you have a special
guest okay any embarrassing stories
about me that you'd like to share with
them or any kind of stories from my past
that need to be revealed to the Internet
can I do the girls one yeah okay one of
my hobbies is roses when our four kids
were about this high I was teaching
about roses one day and we go along we
get to one of the Roses and it's all wet
I said why did this rose Dustin the
oldest girls nothing and then Nicola the
next one said not me and then congress's
maybe somebody he died so he had a time
off I I peed on a row and they never let
me it's happen I was just thinking about
mother nature recently I've been going
back through all of our old home videos
we've been moving from VHS to DVD
finally stone aged moderate but in
looking back at all the old home videos
it was very apparent that Connor is in
the right place as far as YouTube there
were so many little clips of him behind
the camera or running in front of the
camera unbeknownst to us like he would
have the camera I was blogging at a
young age yes and he would run out front
camera and start acting and would be
like and dance and make faces do all
sorts of things I should have made a
youtube channel a long time ago and we
always said he was going to be something
special I was really bad when I was
younger so they said that to make me
happy I was the problem child admit it
he was the middle child yeah I was also
fast he was a little chub ha ha ha ha ha
ok let's put our heads down you're shown
the top of my hopefully not my future
no really general question you know you
kind of already answered it but what do
you think about my youtube channel it's
kind of a weird thing
I mean kind of I mean it was weird
because we weren't only oh we're fully
aware of it but then once you took off
and it's amazing it's fun to tell people
about it actually was another question I
had was like yeah do you tell people
about me and are you embarrassed other
oh no no no I thought of you well I've
got colleagues that are kind of envious
of the fact that you're doing this I
have doctors envious it yeah there
aren't too many kids your age that find
you know kind of a calling or something
like this and and take off with it the
way you have so thanks you're welcome
is there a favorite video of mine that
you have or like a favorite thing I do
in my videos that you guys like
particularly just both of these to watch
all my videos they're very supportive
my mom will I call me yeah I watch the
video yeah well I like I like the the
creative ones I loved the draw your draw
draw my life you know what it was and I
also really liked the one about what not
to do what was that what not to do oh
there's something like yeah like what
not to do
yes something like that oh my god dad
was so funny did I like it even when you
vlog you know when you just do daily
stuff I like that too I like to I like
the reverse one because that's real
creative you yeah I like so many times
any time he shows the video to his
friends would be like well chill the
reverse one my dad that's like two years
old yeah and I see Harlem shake one the
difference in John's because when I
first saw it I thought it was cool
did you really yeah why cuz everybody's
in speedos but I like going from that
what's least favorite thing I do in my
videos or have done in a video that you
don't like I feel like I know what
you're gonna say echoing I'm not being
on the swearing and the bleeping you
mean I get you more but if I just said
like and I believed it like I just
didn't know maybe it looks like I'm
sweating oh that's true maybe I mean I
Michelle for my life
I know if there's an F and then bleep I
know what you said
Amina go back to I try to keep it
relatively even and you do the other
thing I really like about you I love the
positive attitude I tried not a little
positive I know you do it and I think
that's fantastic because there's so much
negativity in the world these days print
10 every friend asked on Monday you were
extremely positive years and send up
yeah say ok no echo basically answered
this one I said are you guys supportive
of my weird internet life and everything
yes we are because we obviously support
you and take a semester off from school
I don't even know that yes maybe you're
gonna be cancelling that out yeah I
probably also tell them I tell them
everything we weren't supportive we
wouldn't but me yeah letting that happen
I appreciate it yeah family moments love
you the same hours it wasn't so bad look
easy okay guys that's it I hope you guys
enjoyed the video if you did make sure
it a big thumbs up and comment below any
family stories you have anything about
your family and I like to learn about
you guys too so don't bump I just saw
that oh okay I thought no no yes so
comment below something about your
families I love learning about you guys
make sure to follow me on Twitter Tumblr
Instagram all those links will also be
in the downbar below but other than that
we're gonna go okay you have to do you
know the odds but you have to do with me
you for what happened you still go
forever to the most evil ooh okay
