hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
I'm in a hotel room I'm currently on
vacation in Hawaii so that's why the
setting is different oh and look there
goes the Sun I'm using natural lighting
so if it changes bleh mother nature
anyways so recently been getting tons of
requests for another s Connor so here it
is on my Twitter I tweeted out the
hashtag as Connor and here are some of
your questions let's go who are you
Connor Franta
when are you starting the hashtag s
Connor right now what's your shoe size
eight and a half how many bracelets do
you have five if you were a cat what Bri
would you be and why
a fluffy one because then I'd be really
cuddly and huggable what's the first
animal you'd run to see in the zoo a
tiger
are you coming back to LA after your
trip mm-hmm what's your favorite thing
about your fans
how beautifully amazing in support of
all of you are would you date a fan sure
how often do you creep on your fans a
lot do you stalk people no mmm
would you like to shower and coffee you
have any hidden talents if so
demonstrate I can put my leg over my
head hey look I can do this one too
what's the most illegal thing you've
ever done if I told you I'd have to kill
you if YouTube didn't exist and you were
told you couldn't have a career in
entertainment what would you want to do
crime what's your biggest turnoff loud
eaters what's your favorite Oh 12
members that's easy my favorite member
of o2 Elliott did you drop that thun
thun no okay you guys that's it so I
hope you enjoyed this episode bask honor
if you did make sure the big thumbs up
and comment below some more questions
you have for me maybe I'll put them in
the next s Connor make sure to follow me
on Twitter Tumblr Instagram all those
links will be in the downbar below make
sure to subscribe to my main channel for
new videos every Monday and my second
channel for daily vlogs I put them on
every week but other than that I'm gonna
go okay so ask questions were we
requested or no I don't even know
there's somebody
don't drop that thun tooth up seriously
don't drop it
