oh no I'm sitting really upfront man I'm
like my back is like hey what's up you
guys it's Connor hey what's up you guys
it's Marcus this is I get rejected mark
you can't even speak right so today I'm
here with Marcus Butler hi hey Marcus is
a British youtuber if you can't tell by
his accent I am British British I'm
British and we thought we'd do a little
cross promotion since the meet I've
never done a video resident with a Brit
so today we want to talk to you guys a
little bit about UK verse us how we do
it this is how we do it and one by that
is just kind of like the differences
between the UK and the US on certain
things that we just do not only notice a
decision do we literally before squeegee
Google like weird things in the u.s.
weird things in the UK and we're gonna
talk about some of the main topics and
maybe have an argument about some of
them probably you guys are pretty weird
hey yo we are pushing thriving so you
drive on the wrong side of the right no
you drive don't you jog alongside our
yeah we literally drive on the right
side of the road so mmm yeah that's yes
Wow no it was weird
all of your cars are like automatic so
I'm pretty sure like a four-year-old
could drive out they just say it's
literally a thank you stick it in your
done someone in England is like oh i
drive an automatic is like you've seen
it like lately oh yeah this is a lot
more like yeah Ellucian that's a really
good example when do I ever drive it
you guys have roundabouts it's um oh
yeah we lad huh you haven't really got
instead of stop signs you know you have
stops on top yeah so annoying
every 10 seconds it's like cool and stop
look and drive it's like a soccer echo
adds up and go I remember first time
very girls just sitting and there was
all this hooting and I was like what's
hitting at me and then like basically
shooting what would you feel it nothing
beeping beeping aah - ha ha ha coffee
versity and like eating in general yo
just literally a bottle tea right there
you drink coffee quietly mom stop I
swear Americans cannot live without
coffee the Starbucks on every corner
like do you I don't get every day I
don't drink coffee
yeah like a lot of it don't really drink
coffee I let you talk Starbucks I said I
was doing my coffee yeah cause it's kind
of do this week as you guys would say
it's like a sweet yeah it's a treat but
there's not really as many stores as
there is here the Moines air is managed
you have like three places
yeah like tea bucks
oh no so you go to Starbucks and they do
a different types of tea but like oh do
you know they do that hey I have to have
it yeah but it's not as big we have like
loads of fruit teas I'm like fruit teas
a big thing but no tea yeah the
ever-so-popular
slang I don't know some sometimes you
guys say like some weird but we call
each other like dude do
you're always like you bro I always pick
it up myself so when I'm here like I
think I text you back I'm like ok you
did but like I would never in real life
so you walk in I'd never go hey dude
what do you guys say like touch it Oh
what's up you always answer what do you
like called on her something good man
may I might good job log cups to say I
was going to take my friend might be
like oh you're right mate what you up to
John come round tonight kind of better
than dude actually it was like bro dude
sup gnarly sir so you cool in the
toilets right in the restroom today
we're going to us that's one thing I
figured every restaurant I'm like oh
where are the toilets they're like lit
up
do I put us a restroom why is it a
restroom
you already go in there and
restaurant up guys I need a rest he'll
arrest something let me just go to just
down there like actually never thought
of that I mean I called the bathroom but
then I was a bad thing but yeah that
gets me onto one thing which I remember
is you cool you know what you're I know
you call them urinal don't you come
you're right over there sounds like a a
constellation I'm part of you right now
tdz do you guys have bad to you so
that's the stairs very definitely redo
be honest I had terrible tea
like literally my tea for like off my so
a lot of people do a party I don't know
why they're just not get braces
to get braces and stuff like that you
have to go on the NHS which is like
government stuff Oh sounds complicated
we yeah we just go down the street so
you guys always have such nice teeth I'm
always with her like my view I don't
look at you displaying the pearly whites
is just so white like ya do whiten your
teeth I think a lot of people why did ya
like use the crest film kit bleached its
video sponsored by crest home bleach get
yours today
oh it's better he really wanted talked
about is like I wanted to dog voice for
so long so the toilet cubicles where you
confused you start I'll store but you
have like no privacy and then ya know we
actually don't it doesn't even faze me
anymore if they crack and between the
door is like so the crack is so you can
move past them you can literally see
someone sitting there just having a book
and also the like gaps between them
under is like that so even if you want
to wait while yours like literally like
like a room yeah yeah it's not your
walk-in so it's like complete privacy
birds here even if you wanted to try and
hide the fact with you having a poo he
it's a bit of a poo
massive like crap underneath where's all
stops you just everyone nice a scene
now it's my turn holiday I see you guys
I Hyuna first we like going on holiday
yeah ooh like obsessed with it we live
to you on holiday yes
we don't cook big as I said to my
friends hey I'm going on them on vacay
vacation maybe like sorry I think the
reason we do it because our country is
tiny and we have like nowhere to go
whereas your country you can do so in it
like skis fit all the different states
and like everyone that's known for
something exactly so we just go on
holiday and just burn we look so like
goodbye yeah you were tell me that you
can tell someone is British because they
burn yeah like they got possible for
some reason we do this weird thing when
it's the last day of a holiday you'll be
like today I'm just not hungry my
perkiness bad tipper
you know guys okay so we're standing on
people actually do that that's the thing
hey guys was gonna happen yeah I
honestly sound the tiber 12-hour person
and baked now I'll do my favorite sorry
just like ever like everything's like
sorry
yeah it's kind of like what did you mean
us or you say something you go wait what
wait why set of Heinlein's like wait
what you could be like it doesn't really
say like that they say back to me sorry
wait what
sorry doesn't really make any sense yeah
peaches oh okay
take it back to the next one before we
film this video I was like oh we love to
queue like you they're like what the is
cute
I'll let you had a massive laugh and I
was like cute buddy alive I have no idea
what it I is this it chicky oh you don't
know - no no idea if you use in a
sentence maybe okay so I have to queue
up to get my ride wait like wait yeah
like okay you got it
waiting in line yeah you've to wait line
you've just we could've doing like the
British unknown
- so will you everyone everyone know in
the wait huh everyone thinks we love to
queue I've loved awake I don't get I
don't get love - like who love us away
it would be hooting at you fuck you it
yes I'm cueing it would be like waiting
lies like uh uh what about on cue
hashtag hate cue aroma be like calm you
hi are you my tracks okay on that note I
think we learned a couple different
things about each other today and
different places for Prop QE you and
your cubicle my goodness okay so hope
you guys enjoyed this week's video if
you did make sure to big thumbs up and
comment below some other things you guys
don't know about like the UK or the US
and I'll try my best to answer now I
don't know if this everything like you
you have no obviously a couple oh wait
wait wait sorry sorry but if you guys
enjoyed this video we did another one
like it at Marcus's Channel we did like
the whole kind of you gave us us then
but we did a kind of fun Truffaut so
that's against UK and us and the loser
to get water balloon thrown at them by a
whole load of people so some more
special yes yeah let's just say we both
look really dumb okay I looked really
dumb you know I did look pretty dumb
there were some questions here's getting
the watch up to find out so you can
either click his face or it'll be the
first link in the downbar and while
you're there make sure to go subscribe
to Marcus he puts out new videos every
week just like me and they're pretty
cool they are the P cool the pretty
awesome dude
pretty other totally awesome man so
Ragnar T but other than that we're gonna
know okay
it's out of like Elmo
