hey what's up you guys with Connor look
a new setting so I'm currently in a
hotel in Nashville Tennessee I guess
that last week I'm hosting event called
teen hoots so that is why the location
is different but on to the video so with
all the traveling I've been doing lately
I have a new annoyance with long
distance traveling comes going to
airports and oh my god airports piss me
the off they suck so this week I'm
gonna be talking about some of the
annoying people at airports and on the
plane and everywhere in between
okay to start off you have to get to the
airport and for me I live in LA so
getting to the airport is pretty much
impossible so much traffic and by the
way people in LA you suck at driving but
once you get to the airport it's even
worse everyone is in this like little
area trying to drop off people and they
just are like it's like a cluster
everyone's honking on their horns I mean
like it's literally so stressful and
annoying then once you get into the
airport you have to go through security
and security can be hit or miss 99% of
the time the security guards hate their
jobs and they're just literally so
pissed at everyone oh yeah here you go
is there is there a problem no I just
can't hate you okay well good to know
and every time I go to the airport when
I have to wait in line to go through the
security scanners or to like check my
baggage I feel like everyone is judging
me and it's like who's this bitch they
judge you on what you wear how long you
take to do everything it's just bad
bunch of block because whether you look
nice at the airport or you look sloppy
as hell they're gonna judge you either
way
who wears sweatpants to the airport why
are you wearing a suit you're gonna be
on a plane for four hours
shoot me it's actually the worst okay
now moving on to the plane once you get
onto the plane the noise just gets even
worse your plane can be literally hit or
miss you could have really nice people
on it really nice pilots really nice
attendants or everyone can just be
really annoying the attendants can be
the worst they're really hard to read
because I was like oh hello how are you
doing today but you really can't tell if
they're thinking I really hate you and
my life that Smile is very misleading
you just don't know and once you get on
the plane sometimes you have to walk
past the first-class people and that's
actually just a whole other realm of
judgment you walk by I'm looking for
your seat where's the seat and they're
all like peasants you can see the
judgement in their eyes
and then back to the attendance once the
planes taking off I know it's for your
safety but they're so strict about the
rules like walking around they're like
ah sir put your seat up huh sir turn off
your iPhone third your face is ugly as
hell can you please put a bag over it
before I violently vomit over all the
passengers also another big annoyance
with airplanes is the people sitting
around you for me I feel like I always
get put next to V worst people on
airplanes I'll either get put in a
situation I'm surrounded by people that
never shut up the entire plane ride
there just like it doesn't matter if
you're in the first row or the last row
everyone can hear them so annoying all
get poor next to people to take up all
the space and I'm just like crammed in
the little corner hmm not fun but yeah
overall going to airports and going on
airplanes kind of sucks I've definitely
had my fair share of really bad ones but
I've also had my fair share of really
good ones it's really hit or miss but
she know what else in life isn't okay so
hope you guys enjoyed this week's video
if you did make sure if it a big thumbs
up and count below what are some
annoyances you have with airplanes and
what's like the worst experience you've
ever had on an airplane or in an airport
I've never had one specifically horrible
incidents but everything in general just
kind of suck also make sure to follow me
on Twitter Tumblr Instagram all those
links will be in the downbar below also
subscribe to my main channel for videos
every Monday and my second channel for
daily vlogs but other than that I'm
gonna go okay so this may be talk about
a party people annoy their buzzer
by
