hey what's up you guys with Connor and
swear to god my hair looks like a
freakin dipped cone right now I don't
know it did there and you know I didn't
feel like doing a normal video this week
I had so many ideas but then I was like
man I think I just rather talk to you
guys and stop right there I do random
vlogs a little differently than everyone
else freaking crazy ok so as you guys
know I'm still in California freaking
love it but I'm supposed to go back to
Minnesota really soon because I get to
go to Hawaii gonna be flying to
Minnesota then flying to Hawaii my
family vacay on but that's me freaking
chaotic so I'm just like happen time
zones everywhere I'm just gonna be like
I don't get what time is that not gonna
be fun
with all the crazy traveling and stuff
I've been doing lately I realized life
is freaking confusing and pulled so many
decisions whether it's simply choosing I
want orange juice or I want apple juice
which is a frickin hard decision by the
way or choosing should I go to college
should I transfer schools all these big
decisions they suck but you know that's
life life sucks but it's also really
good so you know there's that lately
I've also realized that had some crazy
habits going on not necessarily good
ones no matter what day it is I almost
always have to wake up in the morning
and make a cup of coffee some of you
think oh that's not too bad that's ok no
caffeine is a frickin drug okay like I'm
on drugs but yes so it sucks that I'm
dependent upon that I've also been
trying to get in the habit of exercising
every day because let's be honest I'm in
walking distance of an in-and-out burger
and that is not good not good
I want a six-pack I can't have in and
out everyday life I've also had a habit
of going to bed at 3:00 a.m. and waking
up at noon which is debatably okay but I
don't like it I feel like I miss out on
like half my day when I wake up at noon
right the only one that wishes sleep was
not necessary if I didn't have to sleep
I think I would literally conquer the
world
it'd be no stopping me ooh that's a good
transition stopping me sounds a lot like
stalking me which is been happening
lately
story time a couple weeks ago me and my
roommates receive a small package at her
apartment that package was from a fan
not the kind of fan
blowing on me right now a band that
watches this video like you you was it
you was it you uh there's been several
times where we look out our windows and
people aren't waiting for us to come out
of our apartment it's not creepy at all
terrified somebody help me and finally
just before this video someone showed up
my door asking me for eggs then asked if
I was on the Internet
and then walked away with said eggs down
the street they were pretending to be my
neighbor I don't even feel safe anymore
and they stole my eggs
hashtag save the eggs but no really I'm
being stalked I don't really know how I
feel about that it's a little bit cool
but on the flip side it's definitely
more creepy moving on you may think this
apartment looks kind of clean and nice
behind me but you don't see stuff that's
right there right there right there
right that right there stop on the
ceiling I have four guys living in a
one-bedroom apartment doesn't really
work out cluttered it's dirty kind of
smells yeah
but on the other hand you never know
what's gonna happen so it's kind of
constant fun or constant fear of what's
gonna happen next but you know whatever
and finally the last thing I'd like to
talk about traveling this coming
Thursday I'll be a teen hoot in
nashville tennessee tennessee y'all me
and the other our second left guys are
hosting it so that's gonna be a lot of
fun never been to Tennessee what what
what's in Tennessee girl if you were
state you'd be Tennessee because you're
the only ten I see
that how it goes I don't really know I
don't use pickup line as much I just
hope that my smile which harm then T no
and then the following week I will be at
VidCon here in California really sad for
that I'm doing lots of stuff there so if
you're gonna be there at either thing
you better meet me you want a hug yes
smother you with my arms we will be
feeling the love but okay you guys
that's it so I hope you guys enjoyed
this week's video if you did make sure
you have a big thumbs up for all the
chaos and randomness and in the comments
below I want you guys to leave some
crazy habits that you have and since
I've been traveling a lot tell me where
you live and maybe I can come that kind
of creepy but you know what I need make
sure to follow me on Twitter Tumblr
Instagram and check out my merch store
all those links will be in the DOM
below make sure to subscribe to my main
channel for new videos every Monday and
my second channel for almost daily vlogs
links will be below but other than that
I'm gonna go okay so this was kind of an
update video but I was already over here
an update video so many thanks stalking
habits
