ready mm-hmm hey what's up you guys it's
Conner Tom Sawyer sup man sup bro so I'm
here with Sawyer Hartman hey guys how
are you from youtube.com slash sore
heart man that's it and today we're
going to be doing a challenge for you
guys what's in my mouth challenge whats
in my mouth challenge I just did a video
store called uh what is this challenge
hmm where we got to touch a bunch of
gross stuff and now we're going to take
a little further and put those weird
things yeah
and we're blindfolded for both of us
this is like oh let's go to Ralph's and
find some food and won't you tell me
what the heck's in your mouth
basically we each have four items and
we're just gonna go back and forth and
be blindfolded and yeah but I went first
on yours before so you can go first on
mine Connor has advised me that he's not
nice and this looks like I'm not my
thing got some really nice things he's
like oh no I feel bad not like oh oh
whoo okay is it like the gelatin fish
you made me put my mouth my hand inside
up I swear I'm out of the pickiest eater
in the world I'm not a big eater so
that's why I feel bad
what's your blindfold on get this one
open oh is it another jar into the
bottle
okay can you all know what it is just
small please it's a bit of good what
kind of it agur do you eat salads that
is balsamic vinaigrette winner
boom Shakalaka us out of that one force
order it's good at all my cell phone
when you're gonna start it off really
badly to cope with a bag mind you guys
on
literally just touching disgusting
things so our hands smell sick but I
just want to bomb it right now and we
haven't started the eating part
give me the garbage something
interesting I made it well we were great
will they have like a like a salad bar
right starving three open your mouth why
just could be just accepted just let it
out love them about my ways I try it I
am sure it's a mozzarella bar bowl with
quinoa all right that was so scary my
god my mind goes right to the fish that
we tried we're touching me it's a wet
ball with kewal that's not even a thing
hello it's a mozzarella ball 14 Q point
award you guys still no Mountain else
actually slow motion cute this is hit
shake your head new summer is like
liking oh thank you Oh ACTU you sore
thank you car would you like some
dessert no because dessert sounds way
too good to be true
Jonathan girl what it is oh oh you did
oh I don't know that's gross dude it's
just disgusting to me though I have no
clue why is there something that keeps
sliding back from my lips
something vanilla a custard I didn't
pretty close there is a spider where was
it oh you're on it's fun
okay see I hate fungus the cold eggs
I've had it before and I literally threw
up the first time I am NOT good memories
all right go ahead and get yourself oh
hey what's up Francis would rantings
look at me and my friends don't have a
name we are the best friends Club I'm
afraid you're gonna feed me next one of
these oh no sweetheart I got chewed up
comms wait wait wait this is for you
yeah catch made roasted listen ha ha
wait wait ready
do your really small thing burning Oh
what that's baby food I bet if it is
baby
well now on my way looks like a mom
anymore you serious boy I thought this
was gonna be the worst thing in the
world
is it like Apple since Apple no and what
strawberry oh no indeed uh blueberry
yeah like that dude right honestly it's
really good you think that's gross
oh god no you're done I gotta eat it
that's fucking hot that's horseradish
yep that is good I need a steak you like
it yeah where's that scares me but if
you had like a nice t-bone put that I
have it say to bony people nice Oh see
the next one is so nice but it's okay
after that so it's okay so no really
goes out to last year so there's this
little flap right here it's just like oh
I hate light bulbs right here all right
little reminder Eddie got up again
there's not a lot of attorney first turn
your face this one how good is it
how pretty good is that wait mmm-hmm
that's cake mix I gave you that because
since it's open now I have to make a
cake today
yeah George look it's cocaine okay I
feel bad here's the last one for my part
Oh
little yard right now Oh God why I gave
you a little teeny piece of it a little
piece of it a bit this is a fish all
cooing it's not a fish I was good or bad
or next session with pigs won't let me
take it it might be ha ha ha no ok let's
calm down
the smell is leaving something now well
technically they feed this to baby so it
can't be bad for you meat sticks meat
stick oh I wasn't there's one that said
chicken and turkey and then there's one
percent me sighs I was like whoo let's
get the one we don't know what I know
well guess what you know what that means
Connor Franta I took the last part it
means I survived you did survive you
know what that was ah you get something
so special
okay just give me the one you had
planned all right now you took this out
of this freezer and you won't show it to
me I'll arrange food relay bland food
really bring on it
Febreze go back yeah they are they smell
really nice
our babies are like I can't tell what
that is
well let's do it open your mouth Nastia
sing on the internet no take a big oh oh
it tasted like freezer burn Louie thanks
for leaving this my way it was I knew it
get away o demon thank you everyone so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed
watching us put some random things in
our boats and things in our mouths
mm-hmm we also did a video on Sawyer's
channel what was it called Lewis called
that what is this challenge where we put
our hands inside fish but we're
blindfolded so we don't know it's this
without the tanks you went above and
beyond to make it disgust I got some
pretty nasty stuff so make sure to go
over there check that video out by
clicking Squarespace while you're there
subscribe to him he makes a lot of great
videos he's loving the rule amazing shot
videos or secured your camera here it's
all a cool camera ok this is my baby
this is Betsy Nova not asleep you know
some cool things with a sushiro check it
out make sure you give this video a big
thumbs up if you enjoyed us eating
random things yeah if you're not we're
gonna make you eat the soybean and
comment below what's the most disgusting
thing you've ever eat did you want to do
it or did someone chick you okay but
other than that we're gonna go
