hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
this week I'm gonna be talking about
some of my firsts basically a bunch of
first times I did things I saw a bunch
of other youtubers doing this so I
thought it'd be really cool for me to do
myself so here we go first word okay so
I just called my mom about this and she
said my first word at 10 months old was
daddy and use she said I used to always
say use if I wanted juice to drink
eels first best friend again this is
another thing I had a call from my mom
and she said my first best friend was
this kid named Tanner and I do remember
Tanner but I have no idea like where he
is now or what he's doing you forget
about people first pet okay so besides
like fish and stuff my first real pet
was a white rabbit named snowy extremely
original name I know very creative child
and actually fun facts no he was a
litter trained rabbit so he was like hop
around our house and then poop in his
litter no he was pretty cool first fear
okay so I thought this one was really
weird but my first fear and even still
today a little bit it's a fear of the
dark so as much as I love like nighttime
and stuff I used to be terrified of the
dark and every time like I go to bed in
my mom would trap the light I would just
be terrifying I don't know why but what
it was and still today what the dark is
so creepy like if you're alone at home
and you have to go downstairs and all
the lights are off it still creeps me
out first person I texted today so it
wasn't just one person it was a group
chat I have a group chat with like nine
other youtubers and but it's always just
constantly texting each other so I
pretty sure I texted that first this
morning first car the first and only car
I've ever had is a Honda CRV my dad has
this weird obsession with Honda vehicles
so we have I think we've had five Honda
CRVs in my lifetime I don't even know
but it's a really good car and I still
love my Honda CRV first cellphone so
when I got a cell phone for the first
time it was a ninth grade second
semester I was one of those cool kids
with the flip razors flip phones were
the I'm pretty sure I had a limit
of like 150 text messages so I mean I
had a nice pairing on who I was talking
to we got 15 text messages left I have
only not the time for this science boom
now we get into the juicy questions
first date I ever went on so I'm pretty
sure the first legit date I went on was
in seventh grade it was with this girl
named Carly and I'm pretty sure we just
went to a school day
but you know that was a big deal back
then okay you know I was frickin nervous
little Connor was sweating and
prepubescent and just freaking out first
girlfriend it just so happens that my
first girlfriend was also Carly and she
thought it was a pretty long and not
awkward at all relationship and I
totally didn't just lie to you right now
no it was a typical first relationship
it was just pretty awkward and just kind
of like didn't really count first kiss
so my first kiss was actually in 9th
grade
or at least the first kiss I remember I
don't know I maybe I was a when I
was younger so the first kiss I remember
was really just again awkward I was in
ninth grade and my girlfriend the time
that Tasha we were in the school hallway
and I was about to go home and we were
both standing in the hallways Hawking
and I like saw my mom pull up I'm like
I'm gonna do it now just like lean
didn't kiss her like bye and okay so it
was just literally like really quick was
just like a quick attack and like at run
I don't know I went to a private school
I was a little Saint I had no idea what
that was first love I don't think I've
actually been in love with anyone yet is
that a good or bad thing I don't really
know so I'm gonna say my parents and my
family first youtube video okay so my
first youtube video is so again I'm
gonna use the word awkward it was titled
no subscribers and I basically just
talked about how was making my first
youtube video I'll play a little clip of
it right there hello world just know
just know so bad it's on private now
along with like half of my videos I
can't
my first big purchase my first big
purchase though would have to be my
macbook where is it throughout here I
bought a MacBook sometime back I think
was like freshman year sophomore year of
high school that was the first time I'd
spent probably more than a couple
hundred dollars so it was a big deal in
my life okay when I fell in love with
the Internet we're in love
you don't understand first job so the
first and only Java technically ever had
was a lifeguard I was a lifeguard from
eighth grade until last year so it's
been about five or six years and it was
a great mixture between work and play
because being a lifeguard it's just like
you have to sit there but at the same
time you have to be watching and saving
people's lives so it was a pretty cool
job it was pretty interesting and fun
fact I saved two people's lives while I
had that job first time out of the
country the first time I was ever out of
the country is
when I flew to the Virgin Islands for a
family vacation and when I came back it
was just called the island but really
that's all the firsts I have for you
guys I hope you enjoyed learning a
little bit more about me if you did
enjoy it make sure you put a big thumbs
up and come up below some first that
you've had I want hear all about your
awkward first kiss stories and your
flights out of the countries all that
stuff all that stuff leave in the
comments below make sure to follow me on
Twitter Tumblr Instagram all those links
will also be in the downbar below and
you can subscribe to my main channel
while you're at it and my second channel
for daily vlogs I do some pretty crazy
things no I don't but other than that
I'm gonna go okay so this week I talked
about firsts but first this my first
African village first not second first
fun fact JC's been sitting right there
the entire time
