hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
lately I've been thinking a lot about
life deed by now mainly I've been
thinking about the ultimate question of
what's the secret to life this has been
a big question and no one seems to be
able to answer until today today's video
I'm gonna be telling you what the secret
to life is okay so the secret to life is
one sec um can you not trying to film a
video over here sorry okay so as I was
really really right now right now can
you please not do that I can't help it
this is just so yummy wait what are you
drinking caramel rhythm crunch frappe
ooh can I try no please mine okay
yay wait why did it change ooh looks
like someone's working on their summer
beach bod wait how did you know that
it's a light mocha frappe old whip cream
duh well I mean I have been working out
although you know go to the gym a little
bit mmm this is good wait what are you
wearing how did you get outside we huh
what the frappuccinos are amazing this
is another one really hit the spot it
fits my style I see you're trying to go
a little more simpler with that vanilla
bean frappe or you just want to get a
little more tan what do you mean oh my
god I know right I'm gonna get back to
my video now yeah okay see you later
good boy as I was saying okay back to
the beginning of the video where I was
talking about the secret to life so
really I think the secret to life is
different for everyone
it ultimately comes down to what makes
you happy in my case a lot of things
make me happy my friends is my family my
cats and coffee all those things make me
feel good in a different way and they
all add up to why I'm happy so there it
is there's the secret to life it's been
exposed but so I hope you guys enjoyed
this week's video if you did make sure
the big thumbs up and come below what
makes you happy and what you think the
secret to life is really like to know
but I just wanna let you guys know this
video is actually my entry for the ready
sets of face contests the contest was
made by Starbucks and I had to do it
because it freaking love coffee
basically if you guys want to help me
win the contest you can click the first
link in the downbar and go to the page
and vote for me and help me win the
contest runs from July 1st to July 15th
and can vote 10 times a day you can also
make your own videos for the contest or
share your favorites on Twitter all you
have to do is tweet hashtag step fish
and Phil no don't no oh and also since
this video is about coffee I want to
give you guys a little something I'm
gonna be giving away 10 $10 Starbucks
gift cards to some random people who
comment below they really leave as many
comments as you want and I'll take 10 of
you to get the straw birds gift cards
oh when liking and sharing this video
also won't hurt your chances but okay so
make sure to follow me on Twitter Tumblr
Instagram all those links will be in the
downbar below but other than that
I'm done I'm out of this
