cool hey what's up you guys it's Connor
hey what's up guys it's Joey how would I
do good yeah so today I'm here with Joey
Graceffa that's right oh right he is a
YouTube vlogger you do something like
say you do the vlog I do the ball and
today we are going to be doing a little
video for you guys would you damn rather
would you rather dirty version right
it's gonna go from clean to dirty so I
have ten ones picked out and we're just
gonna go back and forth I last one we
both answer us four okay let's get down
to business to defeat the damn Huns I
asked you guys on tumblr by the way so
some of these could be pretty raunchy
mmm let's get to me would you rather get
stuck in an elevator for a while run out
of gas in the middle of nowhere you know
one of my biggest fears is getting stuck
in an elevator I have been once I've
actually done both of these before when
we road-tripped out here we ran out of
gas in Texas like a far part of Texas
the cat just off the chair and then once
my freshman year of college we got stuck
in hell that happens actually I think I
actually got stuck in college too in an
elevator it's scary I don't like it so I
probably rather run out of gas in the
desert yes sir you could die but maybe
someone will drive good boy I do that
love it even though it's scary yeah I'm
looking at from sl55 you do not have
good survival instincts new would you
rather always fall asleep in
inappropriate situations or never sleep
at all never sleep at all
you just like fall asleep during a baby
shower yeah I actually have that as a
serious things and noctilum Tia I don't
my eyes are shut left yeah call Narnia
Narnia that's would you rather be single
for the rest of your life
or marry Amanda Bynes but she's so
messed up right now I love the old
Amanda please haha no I would take care
of her I bring her back HM well so be
like no tweeting people though they're
ugly happy no we're not getting another
nose job puke rainbows or fart candy
will sound really good
hard candy is candy all the time that
would hurt puking rainbows be kind of
cool
I don't like peeping life art sometimes
it's natural but I don't eat candy so I
would just like really oh yeah nope
would like not even like Ellie's come
change shoot not even special occasion
no just wait keep it a few more months
in LA I'll go again I'll stick to my
wheatgrass shots yeah exactly
no I puke rainbows I think that'd be I'm
still going with Barton candy okay would
you rather ride the bus naked or twerk
in front of a group of senior citizens I
mean I would not want to sit on a bus
naked so I would do it working if it was
for a YouTube video be kind of funny
really yeah maybe if I want get arrested
you would get arrested but then twerking
in front of senior citizens would also
be pretty funny yeah they would join in
can't want you to be naked in public
it'd be pretty bad I don't know I rave I
feel I could have to it sounds weird I
feel good I have to do it with a friend
I can take it in public to yell okay
let's do it next video let me do the
other make it in public shave your
eyebrows or pluck your armpit hair gosh
I would say that would a lot and with
shaving your eyebrows I mean you could
just draw them in so I guess I would do
shave my eyebrows just look like this
you look so I have really bushy eyebrows
too so I'd be like would it be a big
different crazy so we would do what was
the other pluck your armpits so every
single I have full of hair I'd probably
have to shave my eyebrows as much as you
look weird with talking words that one
doesn't look like a torture you bleed
what's your type luck that is a serious
torture I'm gonna look like it is for
the best really hairy arm it some people
always tell me shit I'm hit no aunt it's
not me this is always just really funny
and I had to put it in would you rather
be a stripper or a hobo
anytime I do would you rather videos
it's always like would you be blank or a
hobo it's always like or would you
rather suck on a hobos toe mmm we had to
do that I did would you rather video
like week ago oh not on my channel you
lied to me you said this was your first
time my first would you rather oh sure I
thought this was special I would rather
be true I'd rather be a stripper though
do ya work the poles eat raw bacon or
drink spoiled milk
drink spoiled milk really yeah I don't
know I've had 12 mo contacts if I one
time and it was disgusting poured it out
in my cereal and I was just like chunky
trim junk if it was a cup of spoiled
milk versus one piece of bacon I
probably would eat the date okay all
right when you put a like that I would
do the bank would you think it was like
a whole pack we're sold yeah I guess
yeah a whole packers whole carton I'm
still going with the bacon Bacon's good
and everything would you rather be
sexually attracted to fruit or not be
sexually attracted to anything so live a
life alone or live a life happy with
fruit oh shoot I love my fruit I'll just
go with the fruit people think this is
my life weird this is my which is that
great fruit would you only be attracted
to for you and good talk to people
nope only fruit oh that you only love
fruit I'd rather be attractive nothing
you go on public and go to dinner with
your fruit so it's my orange they think
you're a psychopath but then who cares
what people think right would you rather
have penises for fingers or a finger for
a penis we went we went home run on this
one yeah my channel don't normally G
live to ten on that one but you're away
you said this was gonna be dirty version
hey there hasn't been one dirty quest I
wasn't thinking straight up I was
thinking like a gotten dirtier like it
was just like hey we triggered this and
it's like would you rather eat spoiled
no this has been the only I am a last
good boy it was pretty dirty for me well
if you had a finger for a penis then you
couldn't be anything but what oh I'm
thinking I'm digging ha ha ha
you would be crazy I've spread the love
this finger because no one would know
and all that's for you I'm going with
the essence or finger Oh what money on
that though shit you have just loves out
here like this season $10 like there's
always some Club so Jake Michael Jackson
back oh okay but that's it everyone
so Thank You Joey for being in my video
you're welcome Connor if you guys would
like we did a video on his channel
what's it about did like the thing where
we have names above our four how do we
have to guess which youtuber it is
not this blinky pitting role I don't
want to show smart boy smart boy over
here everyone we're pretty bad at
impersonations so they're pretty fun Oh
bad you guys should go click his face or
click the first link in the downbar to
check it out and make sure to subscribe
to him while you're there and all this
other link will be in the downbar below
call yo yeah make sure you have this
video a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and comment below some of your own
favorite would you rather question type
things and I'll be answering them later
but other than that we're gonna go yeah
bye
