hey what's up you guys is Connor and I
love animals and lately I've noticed
there are a lot of different kinds of
animals you have big ones small ones
loud ones quiet ones there's literally
every single kind and in this week's
video I want to show you 25 different
animal impersonations that I know up so
here we go
we're back so if you guys enjoyed this
week's video if you did make sure the
big thumbs up and comment below your
favorite impersonation that I did and
maybe an animal that I missed make sure
to follow me on Twitter Tumblr Instagram
all the links will be in the downbar
below oh and make sure to go subscribe
to my second channel I started doing
daily vlogs ever since I moved to
California so you probably should go
watch them let's just say things get a
little crazy but other than that I'm a
different kinds or so many
