hey what's up you guys it's common and
okay I need everyone to be honest here
please raise your hand if you've ever
been personally victimized by someone on
the Internet now that we got that out of
the way I'm pretty sure most of you
probably raised your hands so as you can
see getting hated on on the Internet
happens to a lot of people I mean
everyone but me no way
annoying am i annoying words they hurt
so bad no but really hate on the
Internet happens all the time and
considering this is me on a regular
basis I'm sorry you had to see that I'm
on the internet all the time so I could
hit it on a lot looking at that clip
made me realize I need to find some
friends like now this is not the time
Connor I just wanna let you guys know
it's normal to get hit on the internet
it happens to everyone whether it's at
school skate ramp bitch bad for
lauren public or even in your own home
mom hate is everywhere but by far I
would say it's mostly on the Internet
and this is for a couple reasons mainly
because everyone feels all tough when
they're behind a computer screen and no
one can really hurt them but really once
you break that computer screen barrier
they're pretty homeless and you realize
most of them are like 12 and have
nothing better
most of the people who spend their time
spreading hate on the Internet are
really insecure probably just have
shitty lives they want to make everyone
else feel sad that's really up
when you think about it we live in a
world really the best advice I can give
you if you're getting hated on is to
just ignore it and be the better person
just get the attitude of bitch please
you paint me cuz you ain't me bring that
sass but okay so hope you guys enjoyed
this week's video if you did make sure
you give the big thumbs up and comment
below some way that you tell off the
haters are you sassy are you funny do
you kill them with kindness there's
endless ways make sure to follow me on
Twitter Tumblr Instagram all those links
will be in the downbar below but other
than that
stop sipping on that haterade
