hey what's up you guys it's Connor Hey
look you guys stay in so I'm here with
my friend Megan aka strawberry 17 on
YouTube and we're on a random roof in
Los Angeles who love the pan over pan
over cameraman
come back come back like that so
obviously Megan is a girl and I am a guy
a girl I'm a guy and what I want to talk
about today is how girls and guys act
differently in certain situations
comments- I think this is gonna be
interesting
sometimes guys connect a little bit more
like what society with their girl I
would agree then sometimes a lot of
people think girls overreact in certain
situations but maybe I'm just being
sexist I don't know we kind of do
overreacted okay so the first situation
is when you like someone so I know when
guys like someone a lot of times they
like to play flirt with them and then
like they like to be almost mean
sometimes
ain't that what it is that's so throws
me off I did not want to be around you I
can't help it the ho I think it's just
as you're something interested that you
just want to interact with them that you
have to do it and it was playful way
possible yes whatever I guy was mean to
me I never understood I'm just a
signature
it was emergent be like can you like see
oh yeah and I was like what no you grow
and you know trying to find out it's
true girls can kind of upset when I like
someone texts are like stalker both city
girls do and I do and I like someone I
go on full inspect mode go on Facebook
I'll get through all the pictures I
check their tweets stuff like that gosh
the background checks I gotta make sure
this person isn't crazy and then if I
actually like them I'm just kind of nice
but can act like I'm really big
I'm still interested a little hard to
get yet next one's the complete opposite
so what do girls and guys do when they
hate someone I feel like most people in
general just avoid I know when I hit
someone I either avoid but if I come in
contact with them it's just like
straight nasty mode though like I don't
know like I make sure they know I don't
like them really yeah like I just I'm
really standoffish and kind of just like
why are you talking right now
I go like in a bitch mo I try and be
nice all the time and if there's someone
I particularly don't like and I do have
to come in contact with them I tried
make the most out of it which is pretty
nice but then after I like I'll be
talking about oh so you're talking after
you talk about an app okay
the next thing is stress so what do
girls and guys doing they're stressed
what do what do girls do everything this
time I feel like a lot of girls kind of
just don't stop talking about it when
they're dressed out oh my gosh I'm
social stop the pity thing I think guys
are the two though you like want
everyone to know your stress like verbal
diarrhea okay it's you you just like to
tune me out I just are talking about
everything I'm stressing on there really
no one's listening I'm like I do that to
feel like everyone gets we get to the
stress point where you get angry but I
make sure everyone knows this come just
stressed I'm sorry about I say it too so
people know like you know in case I do
anything to end if I am stressed maybe
you can make a little allowance it's
like a scapegoat - it's like I'm
stressed so whatever I do doesn't I'm
sorry it's last year I lose friends okay
right the next thing is hungry what do
guys and girls do when they're hungry I
know I'm hungry I I get stressed or I
get angry go back to that I hope out
when I better no one comes near me just
get me food and yeah I say anything
really
and I apologize in advance but you can't
win I'm hungry
man your problem for being around me
yeah I agree sure I think if it's worse
for guys or girls though I think a lot
of times guys eat more so if they're
like really hungry I think it's what is
it worse girls sometimes like the ha I
think the girls do like to hide it
though sometimes
like I'm not hungry yeah there's
something so scrawling like Oh weird
I had a potato chips I didn't I some
really cool so that's actually very kind
of so are you I'm just kidding I know
yeah girls can hide it a little bit more
than guys can but I don't know I just
poke out I think it's one of those
societal things like guys like I'm
hungry like I don't know like I mean
good like give me food someone give me a
steak like one of those things and last
one it would be tired I know as a
youtuber we both are probably tired I'm
not a lot because we're night owls
today filming Oh crazy I think it goes
back to like just like when I'm hungry
than when I'm tired not necessarily mean
but I think I'm just like I'm really
pacing I'm introverted when I'm tired
like I'm just like leave me alone shut
down leave me alone yeah I like that too
normally I'm like really nice to laugh
at people's jokes you know when they're
not funny when I'm tired I'm just like
just smell all changed I'm like really
pissy little things
oh don't catch me at Costco when I'm
almost annoyed but ya scared a bunch of
kids in the backseat do not take my food
to weave to the law yeah take away my
earrings that was get ready
well it's all we really have but I think
we found all the guys and girls are
actually kind of similar I'd like a lot
of oh we're pretty similar she's going
to create just like a blast mage bubbles
under bread things makes all the
difference in the world they're
intruders
we also found a video over on my channel
why was this girl and we do some pretty
stereotypical guy things and grow things
and we go head to head so check it out
and let us know we think one let's all
the comments below you can click taken
space right now click my face look at my
hair it's a music video and while you're
there make sure to subscribe to Meghan's
channel thank you so much for being in
my video thanks for having me on this
rooftop I normally go to like sets but
every table stick this is a subtle it's
varrick's this is actually a green
screen this is a real that's a scratch
FX right there big time now that you
moved LA but really guys that's it make
sure to follow us both on Twitter Tumblr
Instagram all that stuff the links will
be below but other than that
video right now my hair
