shut up hey what's up you guys it's
Connor oh my god this is the downside of
living in a busy city okay everyone so
lately I've been using apps a lot I
literally use them for everything you
can think of and it got me thinking what
would it be like to have apps in real
life like what would it be like if I
clicked an app on my iPhone it just
popped out in front of me and did what
it does on my iPhone but in real life so
I came up with a couple situations and
here's how I think it would go moto apps
like Instagram if I want to take all my
selfies this would happen I'm looking
beautiful today I want to take an
Instagram pic there are tons of really
crazy games on the iPhone that would get
pretty weird if they happened in real
life like Temple Run
come on geez Perkins we're maybe even a
book app like audible if I was too lazy
to read an actual book like I kind of am
I could just click this app with access
to over 100,000 folks and this might
happen I should read a book audible so
then Katniss torch your way down to the
side and Gale
Lichter extravagant body all the way up
and down editing apps like after lights
when I'm looking ratchet in the morning
I could just click this app and boom oh
damn I'm looking for atcha today after
light better more exposure
oh I'm gorgeous GPS ask for what I'm
lost
so lost google maps calculating
calculating calculating 10 miles 10
seconds too late they're recalculating
recalculating we go fitness app for when
I'm feeling fat I'm mutable workout go
you're so fast
yeah keep going do it
Wow get up I bet you anything social
media apps like Twitter would be so
annoying in real life hmm I gotta check
my Twitter I wish Taco Bell delivered
gosh I'm gonna take my pants off right
now so hot One Direction is so cute I
sprained it yes I just got a follower I
can't read Siri from an assistant into
my personal slave I'm hungry
Siri make me a sandwich make your own
sandwich you lazy bitch so in summary if
there are iPhone apps in real life it
would be a lot easier and a lot more
weird but that's the sizeable so I hope
you guys enjoyed this week's video if
you did make sure you have a big thumbs
up and comment below some other iPhone
apps would be pretty crazy to have in
real life oh and by the way recently
I've been starting to read more weird I
know but since I travel a ton it's
pretty hard to actually physically read
the book so I like to use audio books
like The Hunger Games Harry Potter all
that good stuff so if you guys want to
click the first link in the downbar
audio Volcom slash connor it'll take you
to their site and you can get one free
book to listen to they have tons of
selections so I suggest you check them
out so you can read more and become
smarter err and stuff but other than
that oh absolutely life is change what
about see
from say hi Ricky
that man
