okay we're going stop touching me in the
boyband poop
hey what's up the edges Connor chin its
Ricky and JC hugs
oh oh she looks okay so guys didn't know
Ricky neck just moved to California so
this is our apartment what you're
looking yeah sexy freddy us being people
that are on the internet all the time we
have noticed a lot of different types of
people on the internet we've compiled a
quick list of some different people that
we've noticed that are on the internet
sorry there's a window here initially i
was walking by here we go
that's it we're doing here we go
the first time people with fangirls
people who freaked out over boy bands
like wrong direction and do Justin
Bieber and whatever all that stuff in
case you came and kyun not only doing no
Ricky not at all
car yeah me me me me no me just one
direction of those sluts and whores that
take scandalous pictures in themselves
when it's really not necessary
Instagram nip-slip how else to post it
on the internet you got those douches
that are just like you know on Instagram
Eliza but they have ABS just kidding
burn do these bro tape makes me look so
good I'm gonna take a picture this will
took them a skater
Josh up little kids that go on the
internet and find stuff that they
probably shouldn't mom what's poor
there are those nerds on the internet
that spend hours looking up facts and
studying and doing weird stuff like that
oh my gosh my favorite those creepy old
pedophiles that act after six years old
when they're actually like 40 and then
go Internet to stock low kids and use
your imagination but yeah I'm gonna make
up my space age 16 gender female people
I'm interested in anybody under 18 then
you got those trolls and haters that
just want to comments rude things to
other people for no apparent reason your
mom has a hairy back my mom made the boy
it's just so gay ugly she's fat
sooo stupid the last one is the internet
noobs like old people that don't really
know what you're doing on the Internet
where's the keyboard on this thing
what's a tweeter why would someone put
their face on a book you two
where's my tube okay so if you guys
enjoyed this week's video if you did
make sure you have a big thumbs up and
comment below some other people that are
on the internet that we missed we really
want to know I do want to know actually
I want to know but I think these guys
for being my video if you want to check
them out you can click their face for
their channel and we made a video
yesterday with a my channel click me
remain a video laughing in his channel
and then key on his videos on his
channel make sure to follow all of us on
Twitter and Instagram and all stuff that
all be in the downbar balloon but other
than that
