I don't even know where to start okay so
hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
this week's video is gonna be a little
different right now I'm just sitting on
a bed and my room is really disgusting
around me but beds are good for bouncing
really loud noise yes basically this
week I just wanted to sit down and talk
to you guys because I've been really
busy lately and I want to talk about
what I've been doing lately some future
plans that I have for the summer because
let me tell you there is okay so first
of all I'm finally on summer vacation
and I could not be any happier oh my god
I'm so just the stress is gone from that
that whole school thing I mean who
invented you know gross no net so for
all of you that are still in school
which I'm assuming most of you are good
luck you don't have to just downhill to
the finish people now no to the finish
you're almost there I promise but since
summer hit for me I have so many plans
of things I want to do the summer and
things I'm going to do this summer first
of all this Monday so like when this
video is up I'm road trippin to
California with my friend Ricky Dillon
and my friend JC caylen Ricky and I are
moving to LA and JC just come come stay
with us can be a little bum for a little
bit hobo kaylynn we're gonna be there
all summer doing la type things and
stuff scary fun and everything in
between
and I just I honestly cannot believe
that this is happening you know it's one
of those things that a lot of people say
I have the LA dream I want to move out
to LA and do this and do that and just
you know live life in California but
rarely does it ever actually happen I
feel like and it kind of just made me
see how far I've come and how hard I've
worked for this unbeknownst to most of
you posting a YouTube video every Monday
on top of school and all that other
stuff is actually pretty difficult to
think of all these ideas and to put them
together and to edit them and upload
them and promote them and all that it
takes a lot of effort it takes a lot of
hours of them my week and to kind of
like have it pay off in a way for me to
be able to go do something with it is
really cool and it's cheesy that sounds
it just makes me want to tell you guys
to follow your dreams and do something
that you love there's a lot of times
where I've wanted to stop because I
think this is stupid why would I make
YouTube video
as a hobby of living anything why would
I it's stupid why would I make youtube
videos and I've had plenty of people
tell me I've had people tell me it's
dumb you know why would you do that it
got really sunny just now there we go
but either way I shrug it off and I
continued to do what I love and that's
really important to tell you guys is
that you don't necessarily need to do
what people think you should do people
think you need to become doctors
dentists lawyers teachers anything to be
happy I know plenty of people that are
good at like art and good at video
production and stuff like that but they
don't think they can make a career out
of that and I'm here to tell you do that
do what you love do what you're
passionate about screw what those other
people think do what you want do what
makes you happy we are not here on this
planet for long and you need to
literally live your life don't waste
time with regrets don't waste time doing
something you do not want to do I'm
happy to say that I'm going to LA this
summer to pursue something that I love
and want to continue to do for the rest
of my life whether I continue it on
YouTube or moves to bigger things it
doesn't matter I just want to continue
to do stuff like this I want to continue
to make people happy I want to continue
to make people smile I want to continue
to make people stays when I get messages
letters tweets whatever that say Conner
you've made my day you made me smile
when no one else could it it literally
makes me so happy think that me making a
little video can put someone all the way
across the world in a better mood is
just amazing so I just want to really
thank you guys for supporting me through
this whole journey I've been on so far
and to let you guys know that more good
things are to come and oh my god this
turned into an episode of Oprah like
that dr. Phil where are you where's
Ellen sidenote when I left home I
realized I was leaving my cat's for four
months and I almost broke down crying I
love cats more than I love most people
okay
it's a problem that I don't want to deal
with view but okay so hope you guys
enjoyed this week's video if you did
make sure to put a big thumbs up and
comment below something that you're
truly passionate about I want to hear
what interests you guys and if you know
someone that's going through important
life decisions or
an inspirational video send him this
video and maybe it'll help them make
sure to follow me on Twitter Tumblr all
that stuff the links will be below but
other than that hop off the plane at LAX
