the awkwardness of the situation I can't
handle it
hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
today this video comes from a lounge
seriously my room is so dirty I cannot
even stay in to film in it right now
this year just needs to be done summer
where are you actually fun fact by the
time this video is up I'll be on summer
vacation so whoa be jealous and summers
just gonna make one of the problems I
have even worse hi my name is Connor and
I don't sleep a lot like no joke I have
problems sleeping all the time there are
those nights where I realized oh it's
2:00 a.m. I should probably go to bed
and then I get into bed and nothing why
is it so hard to sleep sometimes I don't
understand it but it shouldn't be this
difficult so I sat down I thought about
it and I think I've got a couple reasons
why I probably can't sleep here's what I
got
category 1 noises there are so many
different little noises I hear at night
and I just can't fall asleep because of
them there are the normal ones
o2 sobered just a cricket and then there
are the weird ones what the sometimes
I'll notice that there's a little light
on like the little light on my computer
or the light on the microwave and light
on the TV and I cannot focus I need to
go turn off that light otherwise we'll
not be able to sleep and then there was
that one time yeah I don't remember that
night that much the main problem I have
a sleep at night is definitely because
of my thoughts my mind will not shut off
at night with anything it turns on
during the day I'm in my own little
world but at night it's just like whoa
and usually what I'm thinking about
makes no sense it's literally nothing
I'll start thinking get random questions
that pop into my head should I have
waffles or pancakes in the morning I
miss the old Amanda Bynes Amanda please
Amanda please it's my mom's birthday
that's not my mom's birthday SHhhh
I wonder if Justin and Selena are
actually back together oh my god I
forgot to turn off the coffee maker or
sometimes even get a bunch of weird
ideas I've got it I can make a video
about sleep perfect I should open a
store completely based around mugs mugs
for everything I wonder if I could be a
personal chef okay all you're gonna need
is some Nutella so just stick your hand
right in there let's get a big lot now
why can't I just be no
the struggles of life but okay so hope
you guys enjoyed this week's video if
you did make sure you give it a big
thumbs up and comment below what keeps
you awake at night make sure to follow
me on Twitter Tumblr Instagram all that
stuff all the links will be in the
downbar quick little side note I put up
some new stuff in my merch store so if
you want to go get some it'll be the
first link in the downbar but other than
that I'm gonna go okay so this week we
talk to sleep and I watch always I don't
even know everything keeps me
keeping problems
