hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
this week I want to talk about dating
specifically first dates okay so I made
a video a while back called how to not
ask someone out so if you made it past
that step you're on to the first date
congratulations
now don't piss up first dates can be
really fun exciting or really boring and
extremely awkward it really all depends
upon how you act and what you do so I'm
gonna tell you a couple things that I
think you should not do on your first
date keep in mind this is my perspective
as a good guy it really depends upon who
you are and what kind of person you are
these tips are for both guys and girls
so everyone pay attention so let's start
at the beginning a date is not a date if
you bring friends first sighting a date
is between two peoples who do not bring
along a friend to like ease the tension
it's not a date then no third wheel okay
so obviously on your first date you got
to be really nice guys you got to be
gentlemen girls you got to be women so
we're talking guys gonna pull off the
chairs open the doors all that stuff
girls you just got to be like we would
thank you blah blah blah blah blah next
in my opinion go somewhere fun and don't
do anything too formal first date should
be really casual so don't dress up but
don't dress down too much too much can
be weird and not enough can be sloppy
next if you go somewhere to eat do not
order food that will get in your teeth
and that is hard to eat resist the urge
to get the ribs you want to get
something that won't make you look like
a slob and that you can talk while
eating which brings me to my next point
the conversation couple things not to
talk about don't talk about exes don't
bring up sex that could be really
awkward don't bring up really personal
topics and don't talk about yourself too
much so this one time I had this
threesome that was on a date with my
ex-girlfriend she would have never done
that
what's your social security number again
me me me me me me me me find something
in common like a favorite movie and
branch out from there no way you like
Criminal Minds
I love Criminal Minds who's your
favorite character next just put your
phone away and do not use it it's gonna
be really annoying if you're constantly
burning out your phone to tweet
something or text someone it's just
really rude and don't do it yeah mmhmm
yeah
yeah me too I love that mmm tweet I hate
this date what up bitch
in general just make sure to be really
honest in your conversation because if
you lie about something and you have
another date it could come back to bite
you in the butt no lying it's a life
rule and this brings me to the end of
the day a lot of awkward tension can
come from the bill coming from a guy's
perspective ladies please if he offers
to pay just let him I mean you can
suggest if you want to go touch your
halfsies but don't force it don't go all
independent woman on be like mmm gonna
pay for my own meal mm-hmm sassy it
could make things really awkward and
uncomfortable so just ask and then move
on from there in my opinion do not
expect a kiss or god forbid anything
else on the first date that might be
just me being really conservative if all
goes well there'll be plenty of other
dates for that but overall just have fun
have a good time it's the first dates
you know they don't matter that much
just relax be cool okay so hope you guys
enjoyed this week's video if you did
make sure to give it a big thumbs up and
comment below some awkward first date
stories I bet you guys have a bunch they
could be really funny if you did like
this video I did a similar one in my
collab channel our second life called
things not to do if you like someone
I'm Monday on this collab channel so
every time I put a video on my main
channel there's also one up on this
channel two for the price of one so go
click that video and subscribe while
you're there make sure to follow me on
Twitter Tumblr all that stuff will be in
the downbar below but other than that
I'm gonna go okay so this week we talked
about first dates which can be really
awkward which me really fun I'm really
really scared
what a bitch
