oh it what's up you guys it's Connor
huh huh huh look at it so as you can see
there's a lot of mail behind me which
obviously means this is gonna be my pl
box video number two you guys always
send me tons of mail so I want to open
it and see what you guys set me okay so
I already opened all the letters because
those aren't as fun to open on camera
but I need to show you guys a couple
cool things you guys put in the letters
for me let's do it era gangster style
this letters from Belgium
this one's from Canada there was a
horrible Canadian accent France you
can't even see that
don't forget Sam you still can't see
that a duct tape wallet that says mister
Franta King it's a hat that says my name
on it
great thuggin you guys want to see my
package sexual tape the poop artists so
much candy double fisted condor bond
it's like a pillow it is a pillow with
all my friends names on it I can have
them with me all night long
we Cikini aki-nee
screw it thank you more candy no wow I
mom nom nom all up on this
what there is something breaking hey
oops
it's a cran art that says con de bon
Doctor Who I actually don't watch Doctor
Who is it a good show let me know in the
comments below because I don't know I've
never seen it
warhead I should eat one here let's do
it well I just brush my teeth and it
tastes horrible
hey got a sweet sour sweet God wrong
candy look too much sugar putting on
bracelets is so difficult by yourself
I've always wondered if there was like
something living in one of these things
you guys sent me um
I don't open them for like a month so
there probably did yeah in other news
boy finds 10 dead cats and his mail back
to you yet another warhead bow-wow I got
a Hogwarts glass and another butter beer
glass prank guys I'm drunk off a
butterbeer I will get you box cat treats
free and Sam will honestly love these so
much you guys send them like toys and
stuff all the time and seriously they
love them
ah God color blue an iPhone case this is
awesome I needed an iPhone case really
bad oh my gosh one cycle my iPhone where
I put it
hi oh it's from society 6 2 2 sit
awesome man that is some classy - no
freaking way who is this they read my
mind it's one of the Starbucks mugs oh
my gosh I literally look at these every
time we go into Starbucks I'm like I
should get one of these and now I have
one
- are you Mariah have you been reading
my mind bright girl you cray
two jars anatella Starbucks coffee and
Arizona giant thing of Sour Patch Kids
holy crap I'm too excited I'm sorry Oh
calm down
that's how they live there's stuff
everywhere I just cleaned to tear but it
was worth it oh but okay that's it
I still can't take myself seriously when
I look at my tongue good bone take a
medic weakly thank you guys for whoever
sends me mail I read it all even though
I can't show it all on the camera on the
camera but it really does mean a lot so
thank you so much
seriously you guys don't need to send me
like any candy or food or anti that a
simple letter a picture anything like
that is super cool super cool and I
enjoy it all but okay that's it so if
you guys enjoyed this week's video
please give it a big thumbs up and
compal oh if you get anything in your
mail tomorrow what would you get and why
anything could be off a black market I
don't judge make sure to follow me on
Twitter Tumblr Instagram like my
facebook page and subscribe to my main
channel and my second channel for more
videos I put them out every week but
other than that oh my go I just hit that
box okay so this way we all pretty much
of me on my rooms ready right now but I
don't even know
we take a moment to appreciate the mess
that is my floor mom
