man what whale hey what's up you guys
it's Connor and I bet based on the
thumbnail and the title you can already
see that this week I want to talk about
sex and no I want to be totally legit
here I think this is something you guys
all need because holy shit quoting my
girl Raven you're all a bunch of little
nasties little nasties seriously I get
so many Twitter Tumblr and Facebook
comments about sex it actually kind of
creeps me out they're all like half my
babies Connor well you have sex with me
I want to have sex with you be the
father of my children and sometimes
they're even just straight-up me me oh
my god the fuck is wrong with you you're
saying this to a person you have never
met I don't even know
I literally picture some of these people
being at the computers all like first of
all I'm a 20 year old guy and I'm pretty
sure a lot of these comets come from 12
year old girls creepy yeah I know right
it makes me feel like a pedophile and I
kid you not when I say some of these
comments actually scare me I'm a grown
man and one of my biggest concerns is
being sexually assaulted by an army of
12 year old girls there's something
wrong with that like honestly I feel
like some of the people don't even think
I actually see the messages but oh yes I
do
so being creepy but okay real talk
here's the deal with sex just to let you
know right off the bat everyone thinks
about it in fact most guys and girls
think about it several times a day I
totally didn't just google that there
are some people that take it further
than just thinking about it so
themselves and actually talking about it
to people like this happens a lot
I'll be at lunch with someone I barely
know and they'll just start talking
about it it's up Connor it's up so uh
was with Sara last night oh boy cool and
we had sex I just met this kid two days
ago a lot my mac and cheese doesn't look
so good anymore like everywhere just put
the table and I just flip the table and
run yeah yeah it gets pretty awkward at
times just some things I don't need to
know some things just need to be kept to
yourself but on a lighter note sex is
something personal if and when you do it
be safe and make it special or just be a
total whore and sleep with everything
that walks it's what most people do I
mean really why not just get naked for
the end of this video was about sex
right it's pretty relevant we're all a
bunch of sluts and whores but okay so I
hope you guys enjoyed this week's video
if you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and comment below some
questions you have about sex I probably
won't answer them cuz they're probably
gonna be really awkward but you know
maybe I will who knows who knows you
never know what kind of mood I'm gonna
be in make sure to follow me on
Instagram Twitter Tumblr like my
Facebook page and subscribe to my main
channel and my second channel for more
videos I put them out every week but
other than that I'm gonna go okay so
this week without sex I don't wanna
stick my six baby little ro you
