Wow it's been a minute oh my god
it's like I think it's three or is this
going on four has been month oh my god
I'm horrible I'm not dead yep yep if you
just solve at YouTube very much very
very alive I'm not a well I'm a woman I
definitely am tired very tired big
question here is where have I been
if you do not know and I don't know how
you wouldn't know because I've been an
annoying little shit and just posting
exclusively about it I release the book
and I went on a book tour book called
note to self it was to me I have been
over the past two months to 34 different
cities 34 34 and if he's obviously if
you do that math that means I was going
to basically because it's less than two
months so I'm going to pretty much a
city every day if not every other day
and now I'm done now I'm home another
valid answer I could have given it that
I've been spending two months setting up
this stupid backdrop no I did not spend
like an hour to setting up this what
seems like easy situation no I'm not in
my garage no the door is not open and
the Sun is setting no some stranger in
their backyard is not whistling but yeah
hello guys oh my god I'm so sorry I mean
I'm not sorry I should never feel sorry
for not uploading YouTube videos cuz I
know me I work business woman is crazy I
haven't made an update video about what
the past two months has been like so
just really quickly I released my book
and it was a number three New York Times
bestseller number three top three and
the entire United States that's insane
my book was a number two bestseller in
Canada Canada you you know you just
you're so good at so many things I love
you and then my book was a number one
bestseller
in the UK I'm number I thought it also
beautiful I mean number one number two
and number three and like three very
important places in my life what are my
hands doing and then to follow it up I
got to go on tour to 34 cities and meet
thousands of you guys god it's just been
it's been so insane and so much fun and
so uncomfortable for me really bad at
leaving my little bubble I feel like a
lot of people good to say get with oh
I'm just so adventurous and I love
leaving home was the best thing ever up
I like it in little doses not in two
months two months spans that's excessive
so I was very nervous but I had so much
fun wouldn't take back a second of it
the second biggest question I've been
getting is what now I get that from
everybody I get from my family I get it
from you guys I get from when I was
doing interviews just pretty much
everybody is like well what are you
gonna do after the tour and I was like
calm down
I'm still on the tour I was at the time
gives me a moment to breathe people
always just want to know what's next in
your life and for some reason don't
appreciate the present so it's stressful
I have so many people be like when's the
third book and I'm like calm down since
they don't just pop out I was going to
say like babies but that's not a good
reference they don't just happen they
take time and effort means the baby
analogy is getting very close but what
now I'm back home I am looking forward
to just doing nothing for a hot minute
and by nothing I mean I'm doing so much
work inside my house I'm like behind my
computer behind my camera and doing a
lot of things that art videos aren't
necessarily front facing just yet but
I'm excited just to sleep in my own bed
buy groceries wake up whenever I feel
like it I woke up at like 7:00 a.m. the
other day it was great I slept until
like 10 a.m. today it was great I wasn't
on a moving vehicle while I was sleeping
it was great my refrigerator is so
colorful because I bought so many
vegetables and fruits and just beverages
so many beverages
it's so nice I just love it my plants
are alive they're live
good job good job you fought that hard
battle and I love you yeah I'm just I'm
gonna concentrate on me for a minute
last few months has been me giving a lot
of myself to a lot of people and now I'm
excited to give myself to me if that
makes any sense just be with myself I
love myself I love you
some current things that I'm doing I
just shot some photos for a really large
campaign that's coming out in a long
time it was my first time ever being
hired as a photographer and it's so cool
I can't wait to show you guys photos
second thing the movie I
executive-produced just came out and
almost we seem nervous like how relaxed
Andy is like what aren't you telling us
I know it's on iTunes and Amazon and in
select theaters now I don't know if you
can hear that but there's lovely bird
noises I was going to try to do back to
them but I'm not going to do that cool
cool I did it Nick Fury are the movie
that I executive produced is called I
love you both everyone has been
wondering because I just like
nonchalantly threw it out there a couple
months ago and everyone's like I need
natural about executive producing a
movie my first movie so I attached
myself to this movie after it was
already filmed it's not like I wrote it
I didn't direct it I can't take credit
for that I helped with the
post-production so I helped with the
music in the movie
one of the main songs I helped with
called white t-shirts by Ophelia Kay
it's a bob
when I first heard it I would like this
is a movie trailer sung this has to be
in the movie so I help with that I help
with marketing you know just just the
things I'm good at and yeah it's a dope
movie I it's so funny
it has LGBTQ representation on the link
down below you can go see in theaters or
download it highly recommend it
executive producer you'll see my name my
name isn't going to be ah what else I am
working on a lot of common culture
things at the moment that's stuff I'm
working on within the home oh the home
that's what I'm working inside the
bubble drama
oh yeah working on comic culture
clothing stuff working on a new hurdle
CD heard well has a new radio station
we've been working on that if you want
to listen to 24-hour streaming of radio
turtlecom slash radio it's free awesome
24-hour planned programming it's amazing
I've been listening to it all the time
but yeah I don't know I just felt like I
wanted to update you guys I'm alive I am
pretty hydrated eating well eating
healthy again seeing my friends for the
first time in months which is so weird
getting used to being in one spot for
more than a day which is also equally as
weird and then just it's the summer I'm
ready to like just have fun and do some
fun things rest is important Oh a lot of
you guys are probably on summer vacation
don't rest out have fun it's Pride Month
I'm going to go enjoy being gay as hell
happy Pride Month to anyone who is a
part of the LGBTQ plus spectrum you're
amazing you're valid you're beautiful it
is so great to be you embrace that
person love that person and embrace all
other people for who they are as
individuals again what am I doing with
my hands but how are you guys leave it
in the comments down below let's have a
nice little community chat about how you
are how you're doing what you're up to
just simple things like that everything
after that output in the description
links and all that chinches which is
okay I'll see you later did you continue
to
