hey what's up you guys it's Connor back
at school and oh my gosh this week I
have something I need to talk about so
have you ever been in a situation where
you just want something to end where
you're literally just standing there
like this needs to be done I need this
to be over I can't handle this it needs
to stop well this week I'm gonna talk
about all those types of situations when
will it end this happens to me all the
time in school I'll be just in class and
I cannot stop looking at the clock my
teacher will be blabbing on about
nothing Democrats Republicans mad and
I'll just be like I don't care when will
it end do you hear that
tick tick tick oh my god I cannot take
it I'm literally just concentrated on
getting out of that class because I just
want it to be over with and I just can't
handle it anymore when will it end
this also happens all the time when I'm
just having a conversation with a person
usually it's nothing against that person
I just don't really want to talk to them
like sometimes I'll be on the phone with
my mom and this will happen like I just
will not be in the mood to talk and I'll
just get a phone call from her oh hey
Connor I just really want to talk to you
I'm just really kind of bored you know I
just want to talk about school life
everything you know just everything in
between oh hey mom I'm kind of busy
right now and I really don't have time
to talk oh I'm so glad you have time to
talk because I just really want to talk
about you know just life and stuff and
just love love love love life okay when
will it end
or even I'll just have to go somewhere
I'll be walking and someone will come up
to me and I'm like I don't have time to
talk I need to go and that person just
won't shut up they will not pick up on
my body language that's just like hey
I'm kind of busy right now I don't have
time to talk to you and this even
happens to me when I'm watching a
certain movie or a TV show or something
like that if I'm watching a bad movie I
freaked out but like I never can stop
watching it it doesn't make any sense
like literally I'll just be sitting
there bored out of my mind hitting my
head against something and I just can't
not watch it when will it end even every
time I go to freaking Walmart this
happens I'll get all my stuff and I'll
walk up and the line is like 10 miles
long and I'm like oh my god is this a
good time for a mental breakdown no but
I'm gonna have one
anyway when Helen and when I have a
dentist appointment it's pretty much the
only thing that goes through my mind
yeah
now when will it end when will it end
when will it and as you can see I have
mental breakdowns a lot and it's a
problem okay so I'm hoping I'm not the
only one that this happens to please
make me feel normal by liking this video
and commenting below if this happens to
you and letting me know where and when
it happens to you I'm not crazy I swear
I'm just a little emotional at times
little freaked out but so I hope you
guys enjoyed this week's video your
thumbs and comments will be appreciated
down below make sure to follow me on
Twitter Instagram Tumblr like my
Facebook page and subscribe to my main
channel and my second channel for more
videos I'll put them out every week but
other than that I'm gonna go okay so
this week was a little even titled the
freakout so Jeremy I know it's kind of
like a ramp and I'll be I don't even
know
