okay so hey what's up you guys it's
Connor and if you follow me on Twitter
you've noticed that things have been a
little different lately I haven't been
as positive as I usually am I pretty
negative and just kind of down in
general it's because I've been like
hiding something from you guys and I
really I really just need to get it off
my chest and tell you so this has been
going on for a while now it's not
something new it's not something that
just came up I've thought about this for
a while I've talked to my family I've
talked to my friends and really there's
only like one thing that keeps coming up
and something I keep coming back to yeah
it's you know it's really hard I mean
it's really hard to tell you guys
something I know you don't want to hear
but I just I've got to say it I've got
to get it off my chest
it's literally driving me insane I think
about it all the time and I can't stop
thinking about it see if you don't know
already I'm a full-time college student
and a full-time to sport varsity athlete
and with this youtube stuff I don't have
much of a social life I mean it takes up
so much time I don't even know if
however you realize it and lately it's
really been bothering me so it's really
hard I'm I'm quitting I'm not quitting
anything
April Fool's whatup did i trick yet you
see I realized it was April Fool's Day
today and um I had to get you did I get
you huh who's crying who's crying what
those tears away I'm totally kidding I'm
not quitting YouTube don't worry about
it but I really do need to tell you guys
the truth as the title says really the
truth is I'm yeah there's a guy you
again you need to realize that if I'm
not wearing socks in a video it's not
gonna be a serious video I have a wolf
on my shirt so you know that's pretty
cool okay really I just wanted to point
that out it has nothing to do with the
conversation at all oh well you want
shame on me will you twice you're a
dumbass mmm I don't think that's how it
goes
but real talk there is a lot of change
going on in my life and I'm sure there's
a lot of change going on in yours I've
been busier but cheer
more edgy McCadden yeah I should
probably just stick to YouTube but
speaking of YouTube one big thing I did
for it is I went to playlist live in
Orlando Florida spring break it was
amazing so much fun I bet so many of you
guys you guys were all like oh and I was
like did you guys were like and then I
was like and on top of all that I got to
make some new YouTube friends and meet
YouTube people and just do everything
YouTube let's just say youtubers are a
little crazier and a little more weird
in person like I met Tyler Oakley for
the first time and he was all like hey
then I was all like what's up then he
was all like embraced me and I was all
like hugs all Dubrow
I met the amazing Daily Grace again she
was even more hilarious and gorgeous the
second time I also met Joey Graceffa for
the first time and he was just as
hilarious and his grandpa voice was just
as funny in person
grandfather everyone I met my boy Caspar
Lee and he was pretty tall and South
African who knew I also met jack harries
and he was pretty awesome as well and
his twin fin was actually real I know
what the fuck and really in general
everyone was awesome oh and continued I
change
I just frickin hit 200,000 subscribers
the other day didn't I get a hundred
thousand just like a couple weeks ago
man it's scary but it's really exciting
and thank you so much so many big
changes so many big changes but really
with all the big changes that I've been
experiencing I just want to tell you
guys about them and really I just want
to tell you guys to embrace change
because really it's not always that bad
it's usually pretty good a bunch of
pessimists but okay guys that's it I
hope you enjoyed this week's video
little wrong wrong wrong wrong if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
and comment below what are some
youtubers you want to be and what would
you do if you met them my hand is
glowing right here make sure to follow
me on Instagram Twitter Tumblr like my
Facebook page and subscribe to my main
channel and my second channel for more
videos I put them out every week but
other than that I'm gonna go okay so
this week I shoot you guys with some
April Fool's ha
april fools huh
