hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
this week I'm going to talk about people
okay so people are divided up into
introverts and extroverts either you're
one of those people that always loves
being around others and like interacting
with people and doing stuff all the time
or you're the complete opposite and all
you want to do is be left alone in your
room just you no one else personally I
put myself somewhere in the middle I
love hanging out with people I love
going to do stuff but I also love my
alone time where I can just be by myself
just see alone and in those times when
I'm alone I want to be alone I don't
want other people around so if you're
like me in that sense in this video I'm
gonna teach you how to avoid people so
there are many different places that you
probably want to avoid people places
like your school home the airport
shopping at a party the list goes on and
on and you're probably thinking Connor
why would you go onto a public place if
you want to avoid people well person I
don't know I'm gonna tell you there are
many times in your public and you see
someone that you know or that knows you
and you don't want to talk to them let's
say you're like me you're a college
student and you go to the grocery store
and you happen to see someone that you
knew in high school and then you turn
and you see Jerrod the YouTube Spanish
class with junior year of high school
but you don't want to talk to him you
just dump there are many different
things you can do my favorite is to use
the thing that you almost always have
with you your phone you can do the
typical I'm a distracted texture and
just walk right by them I don't want to
talk to you you could do the I'm an
unimportant and awkward phone call and
cannot talk to you oh hey mom no mom I
am not pregnant it didn't happen again I
swear or if you're extremely desperate
just throw your phone at them one of
them will work now let's say you want to
be avoided at school this is where using
your own body can come in handy sexual
you don't want anyone to talk to you
just fart you think anyone's heard
someone fart and then they go up and
talk to them right after it no it's
foolproof loud and proud baby just
randomly stand in the corner and like
scream and twitch and stuff who'd want
to talk to that no one again if you're
under extreme circumstances this last
one may work for you just take a dump in
the middle of the hallway
that'll show them never to talk to you
again lastly maybe you're on a party and
you want to avoid talking to certain
people this is where using the objects
around you come in handy for example
what place doesn't have a lamp simply
grab some lamp wrap yourself around it
and begin to violently make out with it
I think you'll be safe maybe you want to
take a violent approach hit people with
books
you're throwing knowledge at them so
they should thank you knowledge they'll
be distracted by the big words and or
pretty pictures maybe you want to take
an even more violent approach and you
just want to break stuff I guarantee you
if you tip over there TV or refrigerator
they're gonna kick you out and then
you're avoiding people for the whole
night
oops okay so I hope you guys enjoyed
this week's video if you did make sure
to give it a big thumbs up and tell me
how you avoid people in the comments
below make sure to follow me on
Instagram Twitter Tumblr like my
Facebook page and subscribe to our main
channel on my second channel for more
videos I put them out every week but
other than that I'm gonna go okay so
let's move on avoiding people cuz we're
all really we trauma you so how do you
like you an interaction I don't even
knows are you do real things are you
you
