hey what's up you guys it's got it and
recently I've noticed a lot of people
are obsessed with celebrities actors
authors athletes musicians whatever
Snooki is people tend to follow their
every move because they pretty much
idolize them like what they do wear how
they talk walk free touch feel sorry
it's kind of like nothing about One
Direction there anyways I know a huge
goal for a lot of people is to meet
their favorite celebrities but they
don't know what to do how to act or
especially what to do when they meet
their favorite celebrities so I'm gonna
help you kinda well I'm gonna tell you
what not to do if you meet your favorite
celebrity here we go don't freak out and
then I was like oh my god no it can't be
that cuz last time was more red and way
more itchy so much yes it is me I ain't
gonna go don't creep them out hey oh hey
I like your movies I have every one of
them oh hey thanks that's pretty cool
thanks for those i watch them every
night before I go to bed why all of them
in a row together like we will be
someday I can I gotta go oh oh that's
okay I'll see you I'll see you later
in your dreams yeah I love you so much
don't be demanding no this haircut does
not make me look like a boy I'm totally
that Taylor Swift oh my god Taylor
no no I think you got me mistaken for
someone else okay so my friends are
never gonna believe this lets me take a
picture so we have to take a picture
yeah sure I guess and you have to give
me your autograph yeah nope no problem
oh my god and a video totes a video we
need to take a video okay huh could I
have a lock in your hair yeah I kind of
got to draw the line somewhere
get in the band don't get over emotional
no diarrhea is totally
oh my god it's him
oh my god he's so beautiful I just can't
I can't I can't
did he just do that at me oh my god
we're getting married oh my god guys
it's official I love you so much
yeah don't do any of those things if you
happen to meet your favorite celebrity
just be casual be yourself and just
don't scare them away yeah make that
your goal and if you happen to be a
crazy stalker psycho yeah don't be
yourself just be someone else don't be
yourself please don't and everything
will work out fine or it'll go terribly
wrong okay I hope you guys enjoyed this
week's video if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and comment
below who's your favorite celebrity and
what would you do if you met them make
sure to follow me on Instagram Twitter
Tumblr like my facebook page and
subscribe to my second channel and my
main channel for more videos I put them
out every week but other than that I'm
gonna go okay those liberties I don't
even know I mean I like I'm sorry like
I'm you know because I watch your TV
show
