hey what's up you guys I'm Connor Franta
and I'm gonna draw my life okay so I was
born in Wisconsin among the cows milk
and cheese but actually grew up in a
small town in Minnesota I was one of
four kids and had a great childhood my
family was very active and always
constantly doing something my parents
ran marathons and went to the local YMCA
to train every morning so they would
always bring me and my siblings with and
we pretty much would just wreak havoc
throughout the entire building until it
was time to go home in school I was
always a good student even though I
never really worked hard at it
I went to a small private school with
like less than a hundred kids in grades
K through 8 in total as I got older I
started gaining weight
I wasn't like morbidly obese or anything
I was just a little chubby
eight-year-old boy who enjoyed eating
doughnuts and Pringles a little too much
oh and a sad story sometime around this
point I was playing tag in the dark and
my older brother's basketball game ran
into a sign with my face and got 12
stitches obviously something had to
change
turns out my friend Jacob was also
overweight so our mom signed us up for a
YMCA swim team they told us it was just
for fun but I know it was their version
of fat camp I know Mom I was fat
initially I hated it because it was a
lot of hard work but after a while I
grew to love it some of the greatest
people I've ever met to this day were on
that swim team Jacob and I ended up
carpooling to practice every day with
some other kids that live near us their
names were Kirsten Kayla and Douglas we
soon found out that they were crazy and
weird just like us so we became friends
we practiced every day during the week
and went to competitions almost every
weekend together I soon became friends
with so many other swimmers and we had
what seemed like another family my life
started going by really fast at this
Highschool was pretty much just one big
blur I spent most of my time running
cross-country track and swimming I would
pretty much classify my group of friends
as like athletic nerds most of us did
sports got good grades but didn't do
drugs or drink or anything bad like that
my weekends would consist of going to a
friend's house watching movies and
eating junk food all night long
we were pretty hardcore I know junior
year my siblings and I surprised my mom
with a kitten for her Christmas presents
his name was pre after Prefontaine the
runner we already had one other cat
named Sam which we found on the side of
the road back in 2004 she wasn't too
happy about this presence I qualified
for the YMCA national swim meet later
that year I worked so hard to do this so
I pretty much cried I also qualified my
senior year and made it to the state
cross-country meet that year as well
those are by far three of my top
favorite memories from high school oh
and I was homecoming king my senior too
that was pretty cool but by far the best
thing I ever did in high school was
something I did before my senior even
began YouTube videos were something I
had really gotten into the summer 2010 I
was obsessed with watching people like
Shane Dawson and Mitchell Davis I
realized that they uploaded videos
regularly and I want to do the same and
just like that on August 1st I started
making my own my YouTube channel was
born I Yuma boy I graduated high school
and had managed to gain around 3,000
subscribers which was pretty awesome I
was going to college soon and didn't
know how I would be able to continue
making youtube videos with all my heart
schoolwork but then I found this collab
channel called cool collabro they were
looking for a replacement Tuesdays so I
auditioned and actually got in this is
where I met one of my first youtube
friends JC caylen and really how it all
began several months later I found out
about this thing called VidCon and that
JC and his friends were going and that
they invited me to come along with my
parents were really worried about me
traveling across the country to hang out
with people I had met over the Internet
but eventually realized I wasn't
murdered and said it was okay for me to
go once my first year of college was
over thank God
I flew to California and had the best
week of my life I met my favorite
youtubers and even some fans that it
came there just to see me
after that week I knew what I wanted to
do with my life I wanted to continue
with YouTube and see where it could take
me I had finally found something that I
was truly passionate about and that
brings me to today I'm currently a
full-time student college athlete and
making YouTube videos every fantastic
Monday on my main channel and on my
collab channel that I made after VidCon
with some of my new best friends Ricky
JC Keon Sam Trevor and Ricardo I've met
some amazing people through YouTube and
have been able to do so many things and
go so many places such as California New
York Texas and soon Florida I've really
found something I love to do and never
want to stop doing I'm truly excited to
see what the future brings my way I've
been fortunate enough to have an amazing
family who I love dearly great friends
and so many successes in my life I'm
taking all the our second life guys did
you draw my life on their own channels
because I want to hear all their crazy
stories but other than that I'll see
your faces next Monday okay see ya
little boy
you
