hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
I'm home so yeah this week I had a long
weekend so I decided to come home and
just do do nothing really I'm doing
nothing relaxing than spending time with
my family and of course my cats I just
love them so this week I wanted to do my
first mail video I've done a couple on
my second channel before but I've never
done one on my main channel and oh my
god recently you guys have been sending
me so much mail okay just let me get it
let me get it I told you okay so with
the help of my trusty knife let's open
all this oh my gosh I got a shirt like a
boss low rings and tons of freaking
candy and in Arizona a boa wrapped
Arizona and a Valentine's Day card
it's a look at it boho it's a poster and
it's so bright that poster was this
bread it's your personality it sees that
bigger than all of ours cool
these are I've never I've seen these on
tumblr these are those Nutella sticks
that's so cool I never actually see them
in person express hope eanes oh my god
you know me too well
auntie sent me to Arizona's and some
almonds I think you just went to Target
and bought all my favorite snacks
oh don't actually do that because I'll
probably hurt someone fun fact I'm did
Fergie write a song called clumsy bubble
wrap whoa it's like made of nails and
fabric and like stream this is so cool
look at that you guys are so talented I
swear you guys are like all amazing
artists sometimes oh my god where'd the
knife go I'm probably sitting on it I'm
scared
sometimes are the packages are like
really heavy I just think maybe they
sent me a break
they're babies are you guys trying to
get me fat yeah cuckoo cuckoo crazy
literally the most Valentine's Day candy
in the world
hey there Portia more protein bars you
just want to fuck me up well you know I
am lifting now so you can get old Bob
and my favorite PJ's ooh goldfish
JC you guys are just with all the candy
and stuff like out of all the fishes in
the sea will you come to prom with me I
have a prom date Oh baby now we got this
big boiler OOP
silly putty is so good are you calling
me dirty huh I'm a dirty boy gushers
candy canes Laura candy canes war
protein bars that everyone like come
together it was like hey protein parts
candy canes what is with candy canes
it's not Christmas anymore you know me
too well a Bible I got a Bible of the
man with my name on it okay so I'm dirty
I need candy and now I need Jesus oh and
then we got artwork keep calm and be
fantastic
this is so cool this is actually legit a
cat calendar
oh she taped over the cats with pictures
of cats that I have artwork another
t-shirts whoo it's pink real men wear
pink looking so good from your head to
your feet I want you to be tie-dyed this
to yourself artwork a knitted beanie
it's a knitted beanie and crafted from
Hogwarts letters of letters on the
master a balloon artwork and so much
more we so now I have enough clothes to
last me several days enough candy to
last me a lifetime
enough food to last me a lifetime and a
lot of beautiful artwork whoa okay so I
really want to thank anyone and everyone
that sent me mail it obviously means so
much to me that you put time and even
sometimes money into sin
be something it's pretty crazy it means
a lot to me I go through and read all
the letters unfortunately I can't read
them all in this short little video but
I really do appreciate it and I read
them all so if you guys enjoyed this
week's video if you want to send me
something my peal box is in the
description my memory card just died and
I didn't even have another one out but
at least I have my cat's ear freeze
how are you so cute he's purring hey why
didn't I haven't been here this whole
time I honestly don't remember what I
was just saying my cat just got in the
box if you liked this video make sure to
give it a thumbs up and count below um
since I got a bunch of candy come fill
out what your favorite candy is before I
forget I just put a crewneck and a new
shirt up in my merch store so oh oh they
look like this I just put them up so
that'll be the first link in the downbar
click it if you want to buy it make sure
to follow me on Twitter Tumblr Instagram
like my Facebook page and subscribe to
my main channel and my second channel I
put out new videos every Monday and I
vlog every couple of days i vlog i vlog
a lot i blog a lot but other than that
I'm gonna go okay we're gonna go play
with all the mail stuff and we're gonna
wait
here's some more crazy good drawings oh
my god you guys are just like insane I
mean know what that is but look at that
folks just like me
so does that oh my God look picking oh
my god I just can't even go
