hey what's up you guys it's Connor so
this last week I had my conference swim
meet and I did pretty well but now I'm
really tired and getting kind of sick
what can you do but anyways so this week
I'm doing ask honor number three I
tweeted out the hashtag ask Connor and I
told you guys to ask me some questions
so here's a few of them what are you
doing
filming a video who the heck is Connor I
am what should I ask you probably a
question how old are you 20 last thing
you ate one of these do you play any
instruments nope
what's your favorite thing you own this
favorite type of pie cherry what's your
favorite subject in school lunch what's
the first thing you notice about a girl
her eyes how's the weather a little
cloudy
what's something that freaks you out
spiders are you going to playlist live
yep can you surf nope can you twerk nope
can you lick your elbow nope
what's the last thing you licked not my
elbow will you ever come to England
hopefully how long is your ear this long
do you like summer or winter summer are
you single yep do you love me yeah how
much do you love me a lot
will you come live with me uh when's our
wedding Oh will you marry me about that
will you marry me okay okay so I hope
you guys enjoyed this week's video if
you did make sure to give it a thumbs up
and comment below some other questions
you have I'll be going through the
comments and answering them later make
sure to follow me on Twitter Tumblr
Instagram like my Facebook page and
subscribe to my main channel and my
second channel for more videos I'd
really appreciate it but other than that
I'm gonna go okay so this way we do ask
father I ask God I mean look there's a
dolphin on my shirt
you
