hey what's up you guys it's Connor jazz
hands I okay so obviously I'm a guy
shocker and you could say I know a few
things about girls or at least I like to
think I know a lot of things about girls
maybe I don't
maybe I'm completely wrong hmm but I
think there are a lot of things girls
don't know about guys some things you
never think about some things you just
wonder all the time so that's why I made
a list of things girls wonder about guys
but okay let's just get right into it
okay so guys don't get subtle hints like
as a girl you make hints to us that you
want something I want to do something I
want to go somewhere we probably won't
catch on it's honestly best to just
straight-up tell us what you want it'll
make it much easier it'll take less time
it'll just be overall better it's pretty
unfortunate that we don't catch on right
away but his life another thing is guys
zone out and it's not necessarily
because we don't care what you're
talking about it's just it just happens
I swear I'd say a good 70 percent of my
time I just I'm zoning out I don't know
what I'm doing off in my own little
world welcome to Wonderland population
you how did I get here
where am I another thing is guys cry
wait what but they're guys they're men
muscles and stuff yeah as much as we
don't like to admit it we cry sometimes
and there's nothing wrong with that
let it all let it all out next if you
ever find yourself in a situation we
don't know what to talk about with a guy
just gossip I'm gonna be straight-up
honest right here guys love to gossip so
if you have no idea what to talk about
but you have a mutual friend just talk
about that person it's all in good fun
it's all in good fun no but really like
any time I'm with a group of guys we
tend to get on the topic of gossip
gossip such a weird word for but yeah we
talk about people here's a quick general
rule for girls whether you're with your
boyfriend or just a random guy friend
please please do not talk about your
ex-boyfriends it's awkward we really
don't care don't bring it up it's dead
done get over it okay
move on ahh which brings me into my next
point instead how about you focus on
being a little quirky and funny guys
love a girl they can laugh with or a
girl like a laugh at in the best way
possible truly funny girls are really
attractive but sometimes they're really
hard to come by
just be yourself be quirky be funny it's
okay we love it and just so you know if
a guy teaches you it means he likes you
take it as a compliment me personally I
love to tease all my friends that are
girls because I know they will take it
wrong and it's just
well this dishonestly don't mine I don't
even know why I don't I don't even know
welcome your buttons poke moving on a
lot of girls are worried about their
weight and based on the conversations I
have with a lot of my friends we like
girls that are regular we don't want a
girl that looks like this but we also
don't want a girl that looks like this
yeah so if you exercise regularly and
you know eat healthy watch what you eat
you're fine but personally I love when I
go out to eat with a girl and she buys
like pizza or a hamburger or something I
don't know what it is about it's just so
much cooler so don't worry about that
since we're on the topic of food
guys love food it's not really an
unknown topic so if you like a guy bring
them food making food just do something
with food we love food and most the time
it's not us trying to be mean if we ask
you to make a sandwich because we
probably really like your sandwiches
sandwiches love food okay just love food
and finally guys don't mind if girls
don't dress up everyday it's okay to
wear sweatpants sometimes and just you
know not look your best but then again
don't not dress up ever because then you
just kind of look sloppy and ratchet but
really that's it help my fellow guys can
agree with this list and I hope it helps
out some of you girls okay so I hope you
guys enjoyed this week's video if you
did make sure to give it a thumbs up and
comment below some other questions you
have about guys things you wonder things
you don't understand I'll be reading
through the comments and answering a
bunch of your questions make sure to
follow me on Twitter Tumblr Instagram
like my Facebook page and subscribe to
my second channel and of course my main
channel actually the buttons down there
I put out new videos every fantastic
Monday but other than that I'm gonna go
okay this week we talk about girls and
we talk about guys we're doing more
things about girls and guys I don't even
I mean guys were we girls gonna win
Oh
poke
