hey what's up yes certainly in the
morning I don't know if you can hear my
voice
I have legit 15 minutes left in this
hotel room and I really want some video
before my flight takes off the funnest
facts about this hotel room I am only
here I was only here for one night but
they upgraded me to this giant suite
they took this room this tiny room and
there's far too much space you're just
going to have to trust me just too big
but like I said I only have like 15
minutes now probably 10 minutes and I
want to have some of you guys questions
so let's get to the questions
what's the best way to heal a person
Jesus Christ are you gonna be with your
mom this Mother's Day now that's a
question I am I'm gonna be with my mom
for Mother's Day my grandma for her
birthday and my little brother for his
graduation I left home what's your fave
captor a page from those herself
I need a prop I don't know what it is
but I just love these middle pages I
think they're so beautiful together
there's just so much color brings me so
much joy what's your current favorite
go-to outfit black shoes long black
socks crop black pants and some form of
colorful t-shirts easy comfy stylish
what's your current favorite fashion
trend long socks and longer belts are
you excited to come to the UK again to
meet people the answer is yes
I'll be in the UK in the beginning of
June for more book signings I'll be
attending these cities this is the link
for information go to it if you're in
the UK and I hope to see you there
advice for someone moving from a small
town to a big city do everything try
everything you were so contained in a
small environment where your mind was
not open to the real world so be open to
the real world and I try everything I
don't mean drugs I mean
any new bus recommendations though you
know I do actually the different part
about this video is that I get to plug
my own book on audible which is amazing
this is sponsored but it's kind of for
me yep amazing probably they don't know
I came out with a book for all of you
that also don't know I did an audiobook
for this book or this entire book so
that your ears could hear me read these
words audible is leading provider of
audiobooks with a ton of different
titles if you head over to audible.com
slash Connor and sign up you will get a
free 30 day trial and with that trial
you can listen to my new book I highly
recommend it the audiobook version of my
book really dives deeper into the way
the words were meant to be read yeah if
you need like a four hour audiobook
storytime read by yours truly head over
to audible.com slash Connor it's a great
service and I highly recommend listen to
a book can you give us your hair routine
condition half towel dry half air dry
done how much do you love being gay yes
much we'd rather have a cute pig or a
lifetime supply of donuts are you
kidding me donuts no hesitation would
you rather live in place or under the
seed how do you deal with being an adult
you cry a whole lot are you in love now
what is your current guilty pleasure
massages and face masks kind of look you
D prefer abstract or concrete art
abstract because it's up for
interpretation describe your ideal
husband has a pulse that's it I won't
joke for half a second kind caring
passionate creative and just honestly
loves me a whole lot okay that about
does it folks this um took longer than
15 minutes I'm definitely going to be
running to the slight so I got a go if
you enjoyed this video please click the
like button I'm currently on tour and if
you want to meet me on tour go to
notices tor.com tickets and information
are there if you want to come meet me in
the UK for some signings go - note to
self by Connor comm all tickets and
information will be there also please
click the link down below and go down
my audio book on audible.com I 100%
recommend that I love you guys I hope
you have a great week and I'll see you
next week it's information big thumbs up
with a couple of tickets
