hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
you know what I've realized a lot lately
I communicate a lot with my hands I get
comments on my videos all the time you
like Connor you use your hands a lot
when you talk yes I do
meant to use my opinions but yes as
people we use our hands a lot to talk
but either way in this video I want to
show you guys 25 different hand motions
that I know of so here we go hi get out
here okay
ok ok you guys that's it
full reverse right there so I hope you
guys enjoyed this week's video if you
did make sure to give it a thumbs up and
comment below which hand motion was your
favorite make sure to follow me on
Twitter Tumblr like my Facebook page and
subscribe to my second channel and of
course my main channel I put out new
videos every Monday every fantastic
Monday but other than that I'm gonna go
okay this week you should watch your
hand bulges out even oh yeah what am i
doing my hands my hands on are canes ha
