hey what's up you guys it's Conner and
baby it's cold outside
no seriously it's frickin cold outside I
kid you not the next four weeks the high
is zero I repeat the high is zero can
you imagine what the low is it's like
negative twenty frickin hate Minnesota
that's why I'm wearing a hat inside
freaking cold okay anyways so this week
I want to talk about surprises why I
hate them so personally the reason I
hate surprises because I love to have
everything planned out and know exactly
what I'm doing that day when something
new comes up in my day I get a little
angry and I have no idea why like
literally it'll be like oh hey Connor so
I didn't tell you but you have a
doctor's appointment today so make sure
you plan for that it's in about a 10
minutes so be ready what I honestly
don't know why she's very organized and
I just need to know everything emotional
breakdown okay but Kimmy my sweating I
just died I don't know I don't know
what's going on where's my mom she needs
to hold me so like some examples of
surprises a surprise birthday parties oh
my god as much as they're fun to like
throw a surprise birthday parties for
other people I hate when people throw
them for me like one time I had a
surprise birthday party and it was there
was not fun it was not fun for me
it just kind of goes along with the
whole thing that I don't like being like
scared by people like surprises just
involve me not knowing what's gonna
happen I just get all like freaked out
another surprise I hate is when teachers
give you like surprise tests or quizzes
or homework that just add to no no no I
was not prepared for this I didn't know
about it it's not fair don't do this to
me don't do it to me I just love I just
love this teacher he's the best he's the
best he knows everything he's so nice
and so kind he's talking stuff hello so
today we will be having a pop quiz
because I love you so much
say what I take back the favorite
teacher comment I know you love my
goatee mustache combo as much as you
love pop quizzes so I thought I'd treat
you to both today I no longer love you I
love with you before I want to make my
teacher sign a consent form saying I
will not surprise Connor Franta unless I
notify him 48 hours in advance because
otherwise he'll have an emotional
breakdown and the world will end and
it's your fault
have a nice day but yes so that's why I
hate surprises but with that I want to
know do you guys hate surprises let me
know in the comments below and if you
happen to love them let me know why I
really want to try and understand this
oh and a super random side note so the
other day I was on the Internet typical
how I spend most of my Friday nights and
Saturdays and Sunday the moment the only
person but anyways I love to help you
guys out and I know everyone likes to
make some easy money on this website
called Opinion Outpost calm so basically
takes a couple minutes you just make an
account 100% free and then all you do is
take a bunch of surveys and they give
you money for it seriously it's so easy
so essentially big companies put surveys
on this website and you take them for
them and by giving them your opinions
haha Opinion Outpost comma just love and
things like that happen you get
straight-up cash or rewards for taking
them oh my god
pretty money Donna Donna Beals y'all but
yes I love that website thought I would
share it with you it'll be the first
link in the downbar if you want to check
it out but really that's it so if you
guys enjoyed this video make sure to
give it a big thumbs up make sure to
follow me on Twitter Tumblr Instagram
my facebook page and subscribe to my
second channel for more videos I really
appreciate it but other than that I'm
gonna go hope it was about surprise I
don't even know I'm surprised they scare
me
I'm sexy and I know wit mustache
