hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
as much as I have like a second channel
that I vlog on I feel like I never vlog
on my main channel anymore recently I
haven't had just to fill out like no
script no planning no nothing video and
I feel like sometimes those are the best
ones it's raw real to the book this is
the real me take it or leave it but yeah
I just want to update you on a couple
things that have been going out of my
life let me tell you there's a freaking
lot the biggest thing that happened
lately is that I had a hundred thousand
subscribers a freaking hundred thousand
subscribers I honestly I just can't like
I don't even I can't even understand
that like I'm trying to picture a
hundred thousand people right in front
of me and it just it blows my mind so
it's already been a couple weeks since
that happened but I can remember I was
going to swim at the YMCA and I was like
holy crap I'm like 10 subscribers wait
four hundred thousand what what do i do
what do i what someone cause cause of
what I do you do something I was
literally just freaking out because I
was just like I I didn't expect this to
happen what's going on what's going like
felt like I want to jump off a building
from all the excitement I don't really
know what was that's not really it's not
a good thing don't do that and then I
was like oh my god everyone does
something huge for a hundred thousand
subscribers I need to do something huge
I need your something huge I need to
play it so then I want to do this deep
planning session where I was just like
oh my god I'm just writing stuff and I'm
doing stuff and then I'm just
ventually I came up to nothing I was
like I she was skydiving been done
bungee jumping that does hot-air
balloons not really that interesting so
then I would just totally bag the idea
and I just kind of moved on from there
but either way I wanted to thank you
guys personally it's amazing I just
can't I just don't even I can't even
like express how thankful and grateful I
am for this for all your faces for all
your support for all your everything it
means so much to me honestly and really
you can look forward to tons more videos
there's nowhere to go but up well that
was a big update on one thing in other
news there's about a billion people with
their cars outside this window because
everyone's moving back into the dorms
hey what's up what's up just talking
just talking talking right here just
leave me alone leave me alone this is a
camera I didn't even know that I mean
boom mind blown all the things I've been
doing lately is I've had a couple
meetups three singing went to Texas in
Arizona I was like hey why not have a
meet-up
and oh my god a lot of you guys showed
up think it's hard to believe this is
kind of real until I see a bunch of you
and talk to a bunch of you and it's
honestly just been saying something else
I've been doing is recently I've had a
hat obsession like I literally didn't
have any of these hats a month ago or
these ones change I mean really I think
I probably have a shopping addiction I
seriously sometimes can't help myself I
go into a store I was like oh my god
 was that a shirt I need that shirt
but really I think I kind of have a
problem I mean going way back Christmas
we never talked about Christmas and got
a bunch of stuff spent a lot of time
with my family I mean I got freaking a
coffee machine that was cool
damn you look good
another addiction I have coffee I'm
proud I'm really freakin addicted to
coffee
obviously I get three times a day and it
can't be healthy to drink that much
coffee and me being already Piper's just
like oh my god explosion I take a sip of
that stuff and I'm just like ah ah what
do I do with my hands I don't even know
their hands like it's like drugs to me I
don't know how it's legal I can buy it
and I can drink it and I just feel all
happy inside freaking love it recently
become an Instagram addict as well if we
can take photos on there like it's my
job and let me tell you thank God for
those filters because without them I
look like a piece of crap I'm like
sitting there taking my selfies hmm sure
you duckface reduces in this picture
silly me I'll do both then like pulling
up an Instagram I'm like uh oh my god
Valencia please Valencia went to my PO
Box today it's freakin full why did I
drop it on the floor swear I do things
sometimes don't even know why oh when
it's 2013 now that's it's a thing
Connor it was obvious why did you even
say that okay that's it I'm literally
just rambling now so I hope you guys
enjoyed this week's video if you want to
see more random vlogs like this let me
know in the comments below and really
since it's a new year just let me know
in the comments below what kind of new
videos you want me to do
topics types all that stuff make sure to
follow me on Twitter Tumblr Instagram
like my Facebook page and subscribe to
my second channel for more videos I
really appreciate it but other than that
I'm gonna go okay so I mean there's so
many things I was pretty crazy
ouch
selling me I'll do both
