hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
holy crap it's almost time to go back to
school and I'm directing this mostly to
college kids because I'm pretty sure
most high schoolers are already back in
school
but either way it sucks but yeah so as a
new semester rolls around oh my god
there's just so many more problems that
arise so in this video I want to talk
about some things that I don't like
about college and really in general
they're just college student problems
the many things that suck about college
and as I named the things that sucked
I'm gonna try and give you some advice
on them as well make this video just a
little bit more positive okay so one of
the major problems like all college
students have is making new friends I
mean it's really freaking difficult to
come to a completely new place and make
a whole new group of friends like you go
from high school from having all these
friends that you've known forever
forever in just ever and ever and ever
and then you drop into college and you
have none and it sucks so some advice I
can give you on that is to join a sport
a club team or just some organizations
on your campus I cannot stress this
enough that is the easiest way to make
friends since I'm on the cross-country
and swim team here at my college it's
like you automatically friends you have
Auto friends it's like you join it's
just like BAM fifty friends so I really
stressed that get involved and trust me
you'll get more friends and don't be an
asshole it's just kind of a general rule
another thing that sucks about college
is having to pay for expensive textbooks
you come from High School where
everything is free and you don't even
realize how expensive that book that
you're doodling in actually is it's
actually ridiculous how many hundreds of
dollars I spend on even just one book
and when you combine that into like four
plus classes a semester
it really totals up and it just adds to
the debt just adds to the debt now for
the advice the way I save money on
textbooks is I go to slug books calm I
feel like a lot of people don't know
about this website but it's honestly one
of the best websites I've ever been on
so basically the website compares prices
on the book across the internet like
through Amazon and other websites and it
finds you the best deal on the book so
if you've ever searched on the one for a
plane ticket it's kind of just like that
and honestly I was skeptical about
online shopping for books because yours
like I don't really know it could be
really sucky but seriously I was so
surprised and honestly it helps me not
so much because I can't just go straight
to Amazon and just check there just buy
all my books I need to compare it to
other websites so this website makes
sure I always get the best feel Baba
still it's super easy so all you do is
you type in your college name you'll
select the department like chemistry or
theology or English or whatever you're
taking then you'll just find the course
you're in and boom you're done it'll pop
up on a page with all the books you need
and the cheapest website so just for an
example
I search one of my textbooks I need next
semester and boom that's how much I
saved insane and that's just a one
textbook err my good but if you guys go
check out this website comment below how
much you saved I'm gonna be really
interested to see how the huge deals you
guys got moving on another problem a lot
of college students have is roommates
the majority of people that go to
college get a roommate and a large
majority of those people hate their
roommate it's literally a toss-up you
never know when you're gonna get someone
awesome or someone that's a complete
psycho you could get someone that you
completely hate or you get someone that
is your best friend for life you're some
advice that I suggest try and make the
best out of the situation no matter what
happens if you try and become your
roommates friend on the first day and
make a good impression it could really
change how your first year of college
goes so do it another thing that a lot
of people struggle with in college is
their weight the freshman 15 or in the
worst cases the freshman 50 but let's
not go that far let's not go that far I
honestly thought the freshman 15 was
like a joke it was just kind of that
thing people said to joke around about
college but once you're here you kind of
realize that it's pretty true a lot of
people gain a lot of weight very fast in
college so what I suggest is that you
exercise go with a friend go with your
roommate go with your teacher if you're
into that
honestly just make a schedule go someone
and it'll be a lot better start off
runaways to be getting the half of it
right away and hey
if you exercise even more if you can eat
more - what what shocker
I take advantage of that and the last
thing that I know every single college
student struggles with is classes and
homework whew you're in college whoo
crazy parties crazy everything Oh
classes and homework what wait say well
we all do homework in this place what up
with that man what up with that when you
enter college you go from being home
where your parents always like cookout
hallmark look out hot mark don't know
what accent that was but either way they
tell you to do your homework a lot and
then you come to college where you're
super independent and it's like oh I
don't have to do my homework now do I
but then you realize you're paying
thousands of dollars a year to attend
this university so you do it anyway but
my advice is to have a balance for sure
you can go have fun in college but you
also have to balance it out with doing
your homework you don't want to be that
kid that's in his room 24/7 just type in
a way trying 90 days I need A's and my
parents are gonna kill me with whips and
guns and oh my god call the police but
you also don't want to be that kid
everyone's like oh my god he actually
goes to school here I thought he was
just some hobo I lived outside the bar
I'm telling you they're both it's it's
legit it's a problem it's a problem in
our society so have a balance do a
little bit of both work hard play hard
with Khalifa where was I going with this
I really don't even know anymore
College everybody college okay so hope
you guys enjoyed this week's video if
you did make sure to give it a thumbs up
and comment below some other college
problems you're having
I'll be going through the comments and
hopefully helping you guys out also if
you enjoyed this video make sure to
click the subscribe button below I make
new videos every Monday
follow me a Twitter Tumblr Instagram
like my Facebook page and also subscribe
to my second channel I'd really
appreciate it I'm gonna go okay this
week was all about College aren't even
audio even over Cody you would follow
you middle school Yahoo's Barney why
don't you can be a little baby girl
oh my god call the police
