Chanukah parties - face your mom's in
this we're gonna play with poop hey
what's up you guys it's Connor
how's it go this Ricky hey what's up you
guys JC hey what's up you guys it's
Ricardo 40 Aires with my MA
I got you your present a grass and a
rock oh thank you for this video I
thought it would be fun to go through
iTunes top five songs and we're gonna
analyze the song lyrics because we all
know that song lyrics are really weird
and it's gonna be really fun
really dumb they're really dope so um
there's one time there was an airplane
flying over yeah you should not do that
but the number one song on iTunes right
now is locked out of heaven by Bruno
Mars had much faith in love or miracles
never wanna put my heart on the line so
see he doesn't trust in love with that
pickup yeah but I don't care I don't
know what line he's putting his heart on
he's putting his Harville on a line of
check to make sure you're good to go
into heaven oh not a nice thing yeah and
they'll to take a lot out of heaven
walked out but swimming in your world is
something spiritual I'm born again every
time you spend the night ooh Bruno Mars
is getting quite sexual your sex sex
takes me to paradise
yes your sex takes me to paradise and it
shows yeah yeah yeah
so we had sex too much so we got walked
out of heaven he's a whore Bruno Mars
 okay so locked out of heaven is
about Bruno Mars being a the head
to the fugly the number 2 song on
iTunes right now is I knew you were in
trouble by Taylor Swift he worked for
about Harry Styles
I knew you it's about yourselves yeah
she was just chilling along looking
through her giant list of ex-boyfriends
she's like happen I think about yeah a
family look Harry Styles walking in the
room he looks like traveller
I think I think when it's all over it
just comes back in flashes you know
obvious mission when it's all over and
then like a breakup she's like oh no I'm
gonna prize it should be the Ricky Alice
is this hog video you know she's going
like a kaleidoscope of memories that's a
pretty big word if I think we go looking
it's like you like turn it and then let
changes shape like she's it's a
relationship she's looking through her
memory I'll take mushroom together she's
had so many boyfriends do all this stuff
let's go to the chorus
I knew you were in trouble when you
walked in there you were trouble so
shame on me now flew me to places I've
never been
I'm verb you must have been it's getting
really sunny right now really your bird
exposure and so obviously hairy stuff
Harry Styles has wings wings like a Red
Bull Red Bull gives you wings it's all
the piece of grass til you put me down
oh I knew you were in trouble you walked
in so shame on me flew me to places I've
never been now I'm lying on the cold
hard ground lying not lying I'm lying on
the cold hard ground Taylor what are you
doing with your life
Oh trouble trouble trouble Oh trouble
feel like Taylor's just whining and she
just she's literally laying on the
ground she's got like oh that was JC
Sanders was that so when we come for our
Taylor Swift it's whining funny little
bit of the horse taylors whining listen
down now we have hose how we have oh hey
by the illuminators oh no it is ho it is
ho hey I thought was always oh hey look
a bit of a homo part of the song is
about Ricardo
he's a hope I've been trying to do it
right hey I've been living a lonely life
home I've been sleeping I've been
sleeping here instead yes he is a ho hey
I've been sleeping in your bed he's a
serial killer I don't know he's gonna
kill her oh I've been sleeping in my bed
he's gonna kill a home in bed yeah call
my family all the blood that I will
bleed gas is a pretty gross murder I
don't know where I belong I don't know
this is definitely about a serial killer
he doesn't know where he belongs and
he's killing people and he's showing his
family the blood the end oh we have a
whore
whiny person a little bit canister
killing hoe or a hook circle of music
today now we have screaming shot by
will.i.am it's Britney and where's this
what's wrong this song actually has
literally no lyrics so this is gonna be
pretty funny bring the action when you
hear us in the club you're gonna turn
this up you're gonna turn this
up you're gonna turn this up when
we up in the club all eyes on us all
eyes on us all eyes on us see the boys
in the club and we're watching us they
watching us they were oh this is
probably the worst written song horrible
I want to scream and shout and let it
all out I want to scream and shout and
let all we say oh we oh we oh we always
say all we always
there is a way out song loud this is the
Hawley orgasm e so songs about sex drugs
killing in the club shouting yeah
that songs horrible but really good in
the same way so now we have a whore a
whiny bitch a serial killer and like
horrible repetitive like that okay last
one is thrift shop by Macklemore what
what what what what
sorry I'm gonna pop some tags only got
twenty dollars in my pocket I I I'm
hunting looking for a come-up
come on is not awesome
walk into a club like what up I got a
big I'm so pumped spot some
from the thrift shop ice in the fridge
it's so damn frosty the people like damn
that's a cold ass honkey rollin in the
hella deep headin to the Maserati look
at that okay so basically Macklemore is
pimp I don't mind who hears about some
soap and washing mouth oh I'm gonna pop
some tags we got one of those a mud
boggers I wear your granddad's clothes I
look incredible I'm in this big ass coat
from the thrift shops on the rope so
basically much more buys lots of top
Pollock Jack Ricardo hasn't said
anything this entire video no the last
one the last song I really wanna do is I
got great heart
you're lying on the cold hard ground oh
this whole Haji I can't believe it's not
oh hey I know this song so we concluded
today the songs are about sex drugs and
whores and a Shopaholic it's a horrible
lyrics and but they're really catchy so
you know why not listen to him buy them
all we're all and whores the end
okay so I hope you guys enjoyed this
week's video it was pretty random and
weird but you know we worked with it he
works that twerk reach work work work
work we took our weaves art and we
analyzed them songs
so as this videos up right now there are
videos up on all these guys channels
boom ricky click my face to see our
video we made on my channel boom I guess
click me and is I'm gonna have a video
up by the time this videos up so I love
you borrow very very rude and now click
this guy click them if you click my face
right now
you'll be able to see that these dudes
video that Connor and Ricky were both in
then it got very messy with me and JC do
a dirty little boy we were naughty
naughty and make sure you subscribe to
all of our channels and like this video
because because we were together as I
knew we were in trouble when we were at
the thrift shop we were locked out of
heaven
so scream and shout and like this video
and be a ho hey hey hey ok oh well
that's it everyone
ok swear I Texas salute I don't even
know
have fun you're fun
