we're filming a video we are filming a
video my hips to be up this Connor heads
up against Ricky hey what's up you guys
today see there's gonna be one two three
oh hey what's up you guys Ricardo Ricky
and I flew to Texas to visit these two
burps and yeah we're filming a video for
filming a video we're doing things that
don't make sense we're doing things that
make no sense whatsoever Aviv
don't make this guy they say oh I don't
know just you're talking um yeah but
that's it's okay three two one go
I don't get my circular pizza comes in a
square box like that does make any sense
hello here is your pizza why is my
circular pizza in a square box so it can
be in the box
Gary get out look at it you're welcome
good that's $21 I don't understand why
we have to do this you have all that
stuff in your mouth you got like big
things hanging out and they ask you all
these questions like how was your day
and you can't answer I don't know why to
ask these questions how does this feel
how's your day going when you know it's
a little bit too much for you
I don't feel okay I was a mess why are
we learning cursive when we were younger
when we never use it today except when
you sign like a man
they fought I learned cursive at second
grade I don't get why it's all fun size
candy what's fun about smaller candy
does this look fun to you that's pretty
fun that Shaq you're gonna have to get
up play pinata hey Ricky it's your
teaching job wipe autocorrects looks
stupid it never works that needs to be
I'll be typing something out don't be
like hello JC how was your day and it
could change the - I have to go poop and
then when I misspell something and keeps
it wrong it never works for needs to
house it longing city number like I'll
be stepping out like so just to do video
so it was a word why it's autocorrect
thing and then randomly all the cow pee
on you like this
my fellow Ricardo you look very nice
today no grandma couple I tell you what
caliber Pardo
you look very died today I don't get why
the foods that taste the best are the
worst for you yeah no don't get it thank
doughnuts they make you fat when we got
me and then watch me broccoli tastes
like poop but it makes you owe in
cupcake thanks pizza
Ricky which one would you rather eat
this pizza or that orange I want the
pizza because it's really yummy really
good well then you're getting it back ok
back one letter grades go a B C D F and
not eat that's a good question I don't
really know I understand the things AIDS
excellent being bad is see crap I've
seen you never gonna grow you well and F
is that work as well it's film oh that's
right he is extra cheese
pretty call so time is up I'm going to
grade your tests give me the dimensional
I'm going to grade Ron Ron Ron Ron you
get an e plus what's an eclipse that
means you two almost fail but you did it
I don't get my British accents are so
attractive like why are they so much
better than any other accent what's a
better the nation it's an accent why do
British accents turn everyone on welcome
to our daily show today we have three
contestants uh introduce yourselves
particularly about you hello my name is
Ricky Chang I am Japanese konichiwa
another one my name is JC caylen and I
am from British Columbia when I started
this we know any kind of DNA so Amy
No yes in your faces stop this little
effort okay guys that's it thank you for
watching hope you enjoyed this week's
video give it a thumbs up if you liked
it leave a comment favorite and
subscribe and show it to your dog so
while we're here in Texas we made a
bunch of different videos so you guys
should go check them out on all these
guys channels click me to see the music
good every made of my channel just click
right here you can watch it click me to
see the music video we did on my channel
if you click my face right now you'll be
able to see the radio interview with
Connor Franta when you came to the radio
station and Ricky so and Ricky they were
both in the radio station on a green
radio interview subscribe to us all to
you watch each video subscribe you're
not subscribed to one of us and why are
you watching this video
