hey what's up you guys it's Conners and
I'm so stressed about finals so right
now currently it's my finals week so I
have big tests in a lot of my classes
and I'm starting to go a little crazy
it's coming down to the wire and I'm
freaking out and I've learned over the
years that no one wants to study for
finals or enjoys it like who wants to
take everything that you've learned for
a whole half a year and put into one
test personally I think it's a really
stupid concept but maybe that's just me
but either way everyone has to go
through them and it sucks and at least
over the years I've learned a couple
things that you should not do when
studying for finals so I made a quick
list of them and I thought I'd share
with you guys but yeah here we go
watch reruns of Drake and Josh Josh you
were so funny when you were fat look at
cat memes
he's grumpy contemplate life what am I
doing with my life
think about what Lindsay Lohan could
have been pear trap mangrove Island zoo
oh hi tweet your favorite celebrities PM
PM respond Liam come on Liam come on
we're meant to be together oh my have a
pillow fight with yourself take selfies
and post them to Instagram get really
distracted oh that's nothing was that up
no no it's no oh my god was that take
way too many breaks to eat lots of food
screw this email YouTube complaining
about how their new layout sucks
dearest YouTube get your together love
Connor constantly quitting school and
becoming a hobo no no I couldn't I could
burn your clothes
drink your tears one last job and well
just not study okay you guys that's it
so I hope you enjoyed this week's video
I put it together really quickly because
I have to go study for my finals
I think wouldn't do any of those things
never never what if you did make sure to
give it a thumbs up and comment below
some things I missed what are some
things that you shouldn't do when
studying for finals make sure to follow
me on Twitter Tumblr and Instagram like
my Facebook page and subscribe to my
second channel but other than that I
don't know okay well as far as me got
really stressed and I'm freaking out I'm
sure you guys are too but it's not me
okay you'll be okay
