hey what's up he has it's Connor and the
other day I was talking to my friend
Ryan and we realized we know way too
many movie quotes like it's kind of
ridiculous and we came to the conclusion
that we could probably have an entire
conversation just with movie quotes so
yeah here we go
hey Connor hey what's up Ryan honestly
not too much man hey do you want to know
how I got these scars I'm kind of busy
here and I don't with this but I'm kind
of a big deal okay I don't care I'm
gonna tell you anyway my father was a
drinker and if that Kelly Clarkson get
off my lawn why so serious bro all right
man listen I have so much homework I'm
stressing out sure so no time to panic
this is the perfect time to panic listen
life is like a box of chocolates you get
that and you die wait wait wait what
what it's a whole new world man a
dazzling place I never knew and I'm
scared
totally totes mcgoats I'm serious okay
you're a toy you aren't the real Buzz
Lightyear you are you're an action
figure you are a child's plaything boo
you whore I know you're stressed out
with college isn't that bad your mom
goes to college real mature Ryan oh but
wait whose baby is that I don't know I
found it are you sure you didn't see
anyone else missing a baby
honestly I checked all the rooms no
one's there you can just check it's Kyle
or something and if not just leave it in
the room we're not gonna leave the baby
in the broom there's a tiger in there
whoo geez hey there mr. grumpy gills
wait what is this this is sparta no come
on man we should wear these to school
that'd be so fetch come stop trying to
make fetch happen so if not I'm gonna
punch you in the ovary that's what I'm
gonna do a straight shot right in the
babymaker
I don't even know if I can call you
Connor because I heard you changed your
name to McLovin yeah
McLovin what kind of a stupid name is
that Connor what are you trying to be
like an Irish R&B singer or something
you know bread clownfish
you really aren't very funny I don't
even care
yo no not Yolo Hakuna Matata that's our
motto and another way wait what are you
holding
that's some fluffy I'm gonna die wait
what is that
it's your diary you read my diary at
first I did not know it was your diary I
thought it was a very sad handwritten
book so I'm gonna have a beer a beer I'm
gonna have a bitch fit great great okay
okay now can we get down to business to
defeat the Huns yeah how do you know I'm
kind of psychic I have a sense it's like
I have ESPN or something okay please
just stop and what are you holding now I
shall call him Squishy and he shall be
mine he shall be my squishy Connor
McLovin whatever your name is we need to
be serious okay so just stop by so
serious okay that's it so I hope you
guys enjoyed the video if you did make
sure to give it a thumbs up and comment
below what are some of your favorite
movie quotes and since this is a collab
with my friend Ryan make sure you go
check on his video you can see the
alternate ending to this video just by
clicking right here
and while you're there make sure to like
this video and subscribe to his channel
he's pretty hilarious but yeah if you
haven't yet make sure to subscribe to me
I put out new videos every Monday follow
me on Twitter Tumblr like my Facebook
page subscribe to my second channel all
that stuff other than that I'm gonna go
okay so I know what goes wrong Peters my
conversations with our newest I funny I
think
