hey what's up you guys it's Conor and
you know I've been thinking about
something a lot lately there are so many
things that I don't understand about my
parents there's so many things that they
do and say that I just don't get that
really confused and let me tell you like
don't get me wrong I love my parents but
they're just they're just they're really
weird sometimes they just and they do
weird things a lot so that's what I'm
talking about today's video things I
don't understand about my parents here
we go a big thing I don't understand
with my parents is how they do not
understand technology like any form of
it they just don't seem to get it
especially things involving computers
the internet it's like a complete
mystery to them I kid you not one day my
dad asked me Connor how do I copy and
paste really dad really it's just beyond
me another thing I don't understand is
how they know everything like they are
so good at knowing everything about you
where everything is in the house
something you've done anything they just
know they always know like an example
for my mom is I'll be like mom where's
the monster and she'll just know right
it should be like it's at the top left
right behind the pickles in the blah
blah blah blah I'm like shoot I thought
I'd check there or like if I'm having
problems at school or something like
that my parents will know they can just
tell by the way I talk and the way I act
on them they just they know everything I
swear they're psychics or something like
they have a special intuition just being
like boom Congress having a problem
let's go something particular to my dad
is he asks ridiculous things like
ridiculous requests like a really good
Connor can you like come help me up here
I'll be like dad what do you need like
I'm busy maybe like I just I just you
need to I need my shoes I need my shoes
Connor and he'll be like aren't you buy
your shoes like aren't they like ten
feet from you be like yeah but I just I
can't get them I just I have no idea I
Connor can you help me yeah sure dad be
right up that kind of goes along with
the next one is like why they always ask
so many pointless questions you're like
hey how you doing how's your life how
you feeling how's your homework what's
your school like did you poop today I
mean hi Dib it's just so hard to keep up
with all these like little questions
just like yes no yeah
snow and like if anyone heard us having
this conversation they would just sound
like I hate my parents so much but it's
just I get sick of the little annoying
questions that I ask it's just me is it
just me I don't know I don't know
something else I don't understand is how
if like I don't answer a call or a text
message from my parents like right away
they're automatically worried or really
pissed but then anytime I call them or
text them they never respond like my
dad's horrible about responding text
messages my mom's pretty good though but
I've heard from like a lot of my friends
that like if they don't call their
parents back right away they just get so
angry but then that one moment that they
need to call them they don't answer it's
just past just it's so confusing really
like it's really confusing something
else that's like really confusing is how
do parents get up so early and like
function all day long like my parents
wake up at like 5:30 to go for a walk
and then they go to work and then did I
just I would I would die if I had to do
that I would die I would physically die
it's too early I just can't handle it I
don't know and then another question I
had was like how parents fall asleep so
fast but that kind of goes along with
the last one because I mean if they're
getting up so early that I mean they're
obviously pretty tired
I know for a fact my dad if he like sits
in a chair it's just like boom how cold
just so tired after a long day but
really the ultimate question I have is
how do parents put up with us kids you
watching this video right now you you
like every other kid can be horrible to
your parents kids are cranky we're
annoying we're loud we're just we're
everything we're just uh I honestly
sometimes don't understand how my
parents put up with it but then that
comes down to the fine line how no
matter what we love our parents and they
love us as much as they annoy us in the
end we all love each other let's come in
for a go I love you You Love Me we all
love each other but okay you guys that's
it I hope you guys enjoyed this week's
video if you did make sure to give it a
thumbs up and comment below some of your
things your parents do so things you
understand you don't get just share in
the comments below and let's all talk
about our parents and how weird they are
if you haven't yet make sure to follow
me on Twitter Tumblr like my Facebook
page subscribe to my second channel all
that stuff I update them all very
frequently very frequently so you can
see my face more oh and I'm an Instagram
why do I always forget about Instagram
does everyone always freedom on
Instagram either way I post things on
them all the time so you guys should
just go click on that down bar and
follow me like me whatever the
Oh further then I'm gonna go okay okay
those are free my parents pay everyone
the parents it's just for that we were
born but bears it was too we've terrible
parents man too weird and stop
