hey what's up Diez Connor and to be
honest I wasn't gonna do this video
topic until like two minutes ago so this
morning I looked at my local newspaper
and the title was something like leather
jackets and class rings question mark
and I made the comment like are
non-existent are relevant no one buys
them yeah I don't know if that's just
for my school about whatever but yeah so
for this video I'm going to talk about
high school some of my experiences some
advice you know just live it everything
okay so first freshman year one word to
describe it is just awkward everyone
goes in looking awkward acting awkward
feeling awkward just everything is just
so awkward freshman year the phone's
ringing
everyone's constantly worried about like
what they look like how they act I don't
want to be that weird kid everyone's
just trying to fit in there's trying to
be liked and trying to get friends and
just trying to make the best out of a
horrible situation you're coming from
middle school where you were at the top
of the food chain and now you go to high
school and you are down at the bottom
fresh meat classes are harder teachers
are scarier everything is just different
moving on to sophomore year sophomore
year you walk in you're like a big Top
Dawg whatever I was already here I was
freshman ID I know I know the ropes I
know the ropes
when really you're not much better
you're still awkward everyone's still
breaking out their faces are awful it's
got those voice cracks going on and
everything in between
but the good part about sophomore year
is that everything is just easier
everything seems a little bit better
you're more comfortable and usually have
a set group of friends by then but yeah
that's pretty much all that goes on
sophomore year it's pretty irrelevant
junior year junior of high school in my
opinion is one of the best you're higher
up so you're more important you feel
more powerful and all that stuff and
it's just overall better you're not too
important whether you're a senior and
you have to worry about college and just
freaking out constantly like oh my god I
need to do well so I can get into a good
university um again we get them again
but you're not low enough where you're
constantly worried about oh my god
everyone hates me I have my face it's my
face look weird oh my god it's that cool
in-between stage the only worst part
about junior in my opinion is I think
it's the hardest for classes I feel like
you're kind of at your peak almost in
classes everything is just like AP this
or college credits this or it's just
like I need to do well and that's just
not that fun senior year senior year is
great because you know you're just
down low to the finish you're just ready
to get out of there and move on classes
are what you make of them a lot of
people don't try hard you got that
senioritis and you just just have C's or
just perfect for you you just wanna get
by get out and move on the sad part
about is the senior means you have to
move on from all your friends and your
hometown a lot of the times and there's
a car going by outside that's why I just
look that way but some people like that
some people just want to get out of
there and just want to leave and forget
all the horrible memories that but some
things about high school in general some
things you don't want to do don't be
that kid that sits in the front row
nobody likes you don't be that kids it's
tapping their foot the whole class it's
freaking annoying stop do you have food
share or go away help me with my
homework or you're no longer my friend
don't eat the school lunch pack one
trust me please keep your awkward
hobbies to yourself people don't want to
know people just that just just keep
them to yourself but really high school
doesn't matter so don't stress out about
it and all honesty high school goes by
really fast and no one remembers it
because if you're that kid that's just
completely like horse gurus with kudos
oh my love oh cool I'm sorry but you
don't have much of a future a lot of
those kids that peak in high school no
one ever and there no one knows where
they go they drop out they do drugs they
go to jail and they die it's honestly
what happens so don't stress people High
School's over soon moving on to better
things
college is way more fun trust me it's
awesome although it still sucks because
the homeworks hard but that's beside the
point
so yeah I just thought I would share a
couple things that I know about high
school hope you guys enjoyed them hope
you like my new haircut there was
something different oh that reminds me
in high school don't do too many
different things because yeah people
won't be that accepting of it
it's the unfortunate truth but I hope
you guys enjoyed the video if you did
make sure to give a thumbs up and
comment below what are or were you in
high school are you a nerd we're you a
jock where you have that those other
things leave them in the comments below
oh and also if you have any like
questions or problems with high school
leave in the comments below I'll be
responding in the comments and try and
help you guys out make sure to subscribe
to my second channel for daily vlogs you
can also subscribe to my collab channel
our second life I put videos out every
Monday so there's one up right now
follow me on Twitter
like my Facebook page all that stuff but
other than that I'm gonna go okay so I
schools pretty weird events pataga I
don't even know me my friends talk about
you know much sitting here in the
teachers class
