you know Kimball is back with the heart
of it appropriate I mean I'm going to
film on my shitty laptop camera I might
as well
music one glorified back for him in the
hotel room where in my heart I'm on tour
right now and it's sick and lonely but
I'm really not that well me actually
hack and then fit the isolation you
don't look like a really good face rub
and when you're just when you when you
go god yes oh oh you got it come on I'm
hungry I want hi I was wondering it's
room service not perfect thank you I
love you you I should not have kissed
that death on my lips 30 to 35 minutes
for how much that's pretty ridiculous
I've been sleeping with earplugs on the
bus because everything is so damn loud
currently in Omaha Nebraska don't really
know what to do in Omaha Nebraska what
does one do in Omaha Nebraska I have a
strong urge to jump on the bed do i
fulfill this urge wow this is the
beginning of a porno just do it simple
don't fly Matt Duncan you're staying in
the Marriott in shock
Marriott you can buy their bedding can
buy that and have that my things can buy
one for me and one for my ghosts 25
minutes for hummus cry and cry we'll
look they have the Bible store I'll
replace it with the real one what it
feels much better again feel that gay
love this is my house can we oh ha ha
the brass step that was my advil not
drugs I swear I'm burning just touching
these these are like the sugar-coated
Advil
so they taste like candy that's
dangerous I remember just a music video
this video we shot I was walking down
the street the other day and I saw a
port-a-potty on its side
and I just I went I walked the other way
because I don't think any good could
come from that
but those kick me out about hotels is
that strangers are there there there
there and there they can be accountants
they can be lunch ladies or worse they
could be Christians I should go into
voice-over acting that was a really good
one finish really want my room service
do you ever wonder who creates the art
in hotel rooms truly the unspoken heroes
of America doing consistent thing about
my life is done my breakfast oatmeal
with coffee craziest I get it sometimes
I had a banana to it where's my homework
I had coming out of the closet back to
something oh my bathroom has the best
lighting in the world back in vogue
sitting on the toilet
you don't know honestly if I didn't tell
you a little actions you just think it's
part of my outfit don't lie to me more
art from our unspoken heroes I won't be
stealing all of these I mean would they
really notice if I took her with me
I don't think so 30 minutes for hummus I
kind of want to get like a tattoo on
earring wall on tour because they like
that the thing you're supposed to do and
then in like 20 years you're supposed to
regret it because everyone tells you
look stupid
it's kind of what I want to do he knows
better than hummus on pita bread equal
rights she's got real so quick cutting 1
take scenes with Connor
hello from the do mob number I asked my
family today
no you say you want your mother back why
you not say thank you when I get go back
oh my gosh only riy just me my mom our
cow and our cell phone vibrating that
accent just oh I'm just a beautiful
southern belle hoping to find myself or
man one of these days but also I don't
fucking even if I am a catch
independence yo ho ho it's chant your
local bodybuilder
I just wanted to say protein over
protein am i right I'm insecure I may be
full but I know I get to look at a job
as president and that motherfucker it's
true timeout wig
surprise bitch $10 says you got that one
me I just want to win some warm sand
next to some salty water with a giant
margarita in my hand like the Statue of
Liberty it's missing chunks is it wet
something I'm gonna do a hummus haul
Dada nothing ever looked this beautiful
those of the conclusion of the story I
clearly have things to do now important
matters in the front of hotel room I
hope you enjoyed this video if you did
make sure to click the big thumbs up
button love as much it's time for you to
get out of my room bye
