hey what's up es its Connor and today I
went on Twitter and tweeted the hashtag
ask Connor and basically I just told you
guys to tweet me a bunch of random weird
questions and that was gonna answer in
this video so here we go what's the most
embarrassing thing that's ever happened
to you
first would you rather be a panda or
koala need i say more
would you rather be in The Hunger Games
or lost in the wilderness by yourself
okay I don't know this makes me worried
but I think being in The Hunger Games
would be really really cool like I don't
know there's just something about the
whole competition aspect that just makes
me be like I would totally win I would
totally win the her games I'll put it
out there right now I would win I would
beat you all so yeah I mean I guess I
picked the Hunger Games
do you ever roll yourself up in a
blanket and pretend that you're a
burrito
bring on the salsa what comes to mind
when I say cabbage cabbage want the
lotion on me this just took a turn for
the the weird let's do this how many
relationships have you been in I've been
in three relationships if I told you I
was standing behind you would you
believe me no see there was nothing
there if you were able to eat poop for
food would you just like some sort of
trick question or something yes if you
were a kangaroo what would you carry in
your pouch can we just take a moment
here to step aside and appreciate the
word pouch everyone say it with me pouch
it's a really fun word I know
holding in your excitement pouch back to
the question Sour Patch Kids
what's your favorite movie and actually
a really big fan of the dark night man
what shampoo do you use Pantene muhfucka
keeps my hair nice and shiny
oh hello would you travel to a country
without food or water yeah is this like
a trick question or something you would
die without food or water so no I'm not
gonna go there can blind people see
their dreams
what the I don't know this is like
the most confusing question I've ever
heard in my life every time I think I
have an answer I did know yeah I I give
up I give up stop trying to confuse me
what type of camera do you film what
this beautiful thing is a Canon t3i it's
my baby bear pretty much if I read
Stacey I'm pregnant that's why because
this is my baby this is my child I got
knocked up for our camera Twitter or
tumblr okay you know I really like I
really like Twitter but tumblr is my I
mean I think I mean Twitter it's better
obviously Twitter okay guys that's it so
I hope you guys enjoyed this week's ask
Connor if you did make sure to give it a
thumbs up and comment below something
about yourself since you guys have to
ask me questions I want to know more
about you so comment below like your
name where you're from what you're
interested in all that stuff I want to
learn more about my subscribers and also
all my links are in the downbar to my
Twitter and my tumblr my Facebook all
that stuff I'll be doing more s Connor
so you should make sure to follow me on
those websites oh and if you didn't know
I have two t-shirts a bracelet and a
sweatshirt up in my district line store
so you guys can click the link below and
go buy one I really appreciate it when
you buy them and if you do make sure to
send me a picture and I'll follow you on
twitter it's just like a little way of
me saying thank you for buying some of
my merch okay
hope you lose me stars Connor it was
pretty fun I mean it was pretty fun no
hugs questions or stuff I don't even
know new questions of questions weird
lotion
