hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
so today me and my friend Ricky were
really bored so then we came up with a
list of a bunch of things that we do
when we're bored and of course we
thought we'd make a video about it well
yeah so here's 20 things that we do when
we're boys okay 3 2 1 go extreme stunts
around the house bake cookies I have no
idea what I'm doing
Bale talk to your fans
hey what whoa whoa whoa whoa have a
youtube video marathon I'm gonna have me
a connor franta video marathon so funny
draw something kitty tweet about how
bored you are I need to update my
followers and how bored I am I am so
bored it's my face tweet read a book
yeah I'm not that bored eat yeah I love
food eating is so fun
gumgum prank call someone hey is your
refrigerator running is your
refrigerator running is this a prank
call is this a prank call why are you
dressed up
okay that's it so I hope you guys
enjoyed the video if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and come below
which one was your favorite and if you
haven't already make sure to click that
subscribe button up there I put out new
videos every Monday and it'll let you
know when I do that and plus it's free
and also if you haven't already this is
part 2 so make sure they click here to
go watch part 1 oh and while you're
there make sure to subscribe to my
friend Ricky he puts out new videos
every Sunday
he's like super funny and super cool so
while you're there click subscribe and
like this video but yeah so click right
there right now but other than that imma
go okay this is pretty funny little
things were boyo to Africa so everything
about you mean you need States are you
forget balls I don't even
