hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
considering Halloween is just a couple
days away I thought it'd be fun to kind
of theme this week's video off of that
so what I'm gonna talk about today is
things that scary movies have taught me
just basically a few things I've noticed
that happened in a lot of scary movies
so yeah here we go
so one thing scary movies have taught me
is that you do not need to go walk
around you can just stay put a lot of
times the main characters of scary
movies feel like they cannot just stay
put in the room there and they need to
go searching for something and just
leave and then they out the high if they
just want to stay put in their safe
little house they probably would have
lived and usually when they'll go
somewhere they split up now you tell me
this in what situation would it be good
to split up we're gonna go from a group
of like six people and we're all just
gonna go our own way yeah once you find
something just just you know come back
well we'll talk about it or you all die
I never can understand this why in every
scam movie they split up and what like
why would you do that bunch of dumbasses
another thing the scary movies have
taught me is pretty much that little
kids are the devil in most scary movies
I've seen the little kids are evil to
the core no good comes out of little
kids I'm telling you right now they're
basically Satan when you're in a scary
movie
don't even bother using the phone it's
probably dead when you're in a scary
movie don't even bother trying to use
your car it's probably dead after you
split up in a scary movie
don't even bother going looking for your
friends they're probably all dead too
I just don't get it what I learn from
scary movies is always lock your doors
seems like every person just leaves
their doors wide open for the killers
just to run on in Lock them Khem sorry
but if you're a asshole or black
person you're probably gonna die first
think back to all the scary movies
you've watched one of them dies first
and then the next and then the next I
don't get it that's offensive movies
these days I'm telling you if you find
yourself looking in a mirror stop look
behind you
there's somebody there quick way to
solve this would just be the elbow of
the person behind you would not even
look back they won't even see it coming
and seriously once you think you've
killed the villain you haven't don't go
up and check their pulse just freaking
shoot them or something I don't care if
you think they're dead just stab them
till they're dead this stuff something
else I've learned in scary movies is it
seems like anytime the power goes off
everyone feels the need to go try and
turn it back on usually by this point
you know you're screwed so you might as
well just jump out the window don't go
walking down to your creepy basement
trying to
the power switch it's not gonna work
there's a killer down there you're going
to die just the easy solution is just to
jump out the window and run like heck oh
people are so stupid
I'm telling you but okay guys that's it
so those are just a few things that's
gamers have taught me did I miss any uh
let me know in the comments below and if
you enjoyed this video make sure to give
it a thumbs up and click subscribe up
above fire actually I think there's a
new YouTube so click it below - whatever
just click that subscribe button for new
videos every week but other than that
I'm gonna go okay okay boys you pretty
fun I don't even know I mean why do we
just can't move
