hey what's up you guys it's Connor last
week I made a video called ten things
guys hate the girls do and the girls got
pretty mad but of course to make up for
it I have to make a video called ten
things girls hate the guys do so like I
said in the last video I'm like I must
say in this video
none of these are socially offensive for
the last video I asked on my friends
with I hated all girls and I used some
of my own opinions and for this video I
have some of your opinions and some of
my friends that are girls opinions about
what paid about guys
so yes it's not just me it's like a
general consensus of things girls and
guys don't like about each other without
further ado here we go the first thing
girls hate about guys is they hate when
they adjust their junk so guys
apparently girls don't like it when we
stick our hands on our pants and you can
figure out what goes on from there they
think it's gross and they think it's
disgusting
which I can understand but you know it's
probably gonna continue to happen anyway
another thing that girls hate about guys
is that we really don't like to make
decisions one of our favorite phrases is
I don't care I usually just go something
like yeah I don't care if you choose and
apparently you girls don't like that at
all another thing girls hate is the guys
are really loud I don't know what you
mean I think we're really quiet and
stuff oh yeah so apparently guys are
pretty unnecessarily loud at times and
girls don't like that another thing that
girls hate is the guys are really really
messy and okay this one gets me because
yeah we're pretty pretty messy like me
personally I like to keep things clean
but not as clean as some girls like keep
things yeah so there's a bunch of dirty
clothes on the floor behind me right now
and just kind of in general all over
something else that girls really hate is
that when guys act really different on
their friends than they do around the
girls so all the tweets are getting
we're saying like the guys act really
different on their friends when they do
when they're just like with say their
girlfriend or something
like their with their girlfriend they're
just like yeah you know okay I may go to
a movie every I really I really would
like that and as soon as they see their
guy friends they're like like they all
put up your butt up my not home acting
all gangster thug look and this goes
along with the next one that girls hate
it when guys like sag their pants and
our dog gangster like you know those
guys you see when like their pants are
like actually at their ankles and
they're walking around just like would
oh there's a difference between trying
to have swag and
looking like complete dumbass anything
has to be me was that girls really hate
it when guys take forever to text back
and yeah I can definitely see this but
this is probably more for just in
general I think everyone hates this I'm
sure more guys do that than girls so you
know like when you really need to know
something from someone to text to them
and then if it's a guy half the time it
takes several hours to get response back
it's just like really really frustrating
and really annoying something else that
girls hate is when guys pee on the seat
okay I'll raise my hand I know every
single kind of this we pee on the toilet
seat there's just several times and we
forget to wipe it up and everyone it
just it's like it's like World War three
like someone will walk into the bathroom
after a guy's just been in there and
then they'll see the pee on the toilet
seat
mmm and they get a little bit crazy oh
yeah well what we'll try and work on
that going along with bodily functions
girls hate it when guys like spit and
burp and fart which again I can see we
do that a lot and it's probably pretty
gross like I can't remember the last day
I've gone without doing one of those
things I actually probably can't
remember the last hour I've gone without
doing one of those things yeah as guys
we will try and work on manners and try
and not do that as much I kind of doubt
it's gonna happen again
and last thing girls hate about guys is
that we spend way too much time playing
video games be personally I don't play
many video games but almost all of my
friends do like they can't even really
go a day without playing video games so
I can see where that would get annoying
and why girls hate it but all I want to
do is get some attention from that guy
and
I'm in game in the game just guilty yeah
but yeah that's 10 things girls hate
that guys do did I miss any are there
any more theme in the comments below if
you haven't already make sure to click
here and watch last week's video it's
the same thing but in girl form yep 10
things guys and girls do so click here
if you haven't watched it if you have
munch it again and if you like this
week's wheeler make sure you have a
thumbs up and scrap of cleanup button is
free and it'll notify you every time I
make a new video so that's pretty cool
and stuff bro caters pretty cool I mean
to do scrubber cars I'm sure girls
every time
