hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
today I'm gonna do the 25 questions tag
stop driving by go go go I'm doing this
because I love when you guys get to know
more about me because I feel like when I
do random funny skits and stuff like
that and you guys don't really get to
know the real me but when I do these
questions I'm pretty much 100% serious
kind of not really I mean I'm this
sarcastic and stuff I'll try my best
do you have any pets uh duh I have two
cats so I guess you guys didn't know I
have two cats
pree and Sam and yeah I'm pretty much
obsessed with cats - all fluffy and I'm
off town name three things that are
physically close to you these so plauche
to you right now it's false for you so
the three things are close to me right
now we're a gameboy color Hunger Games
DVD and coffee Oh to die for I swear
what's the weather like right now it's
actually really really really cloudy and
dark and just not not I'm not a good
weather right now no no no no no do you
drive if so have you ever crashed yes I
can drive
um 20s oh yeah I can drive and I've
never crashed like I've never been
driving the car when it crashed but my
sister crashed one once when I was in
the backseat long story short we're in
Minnesota so there's ice so we hit it
and we crashed but the only thing that
got hurt was the car so not a big deal
what time did you wake up this morning
I'm really really weird and I woke up at
8:30 one because I don't like to wake up
like right at like 8:30 or 9:00 o'clock
right like that so I wake up at 8:30 one
totally normal I know when was the last
time you showered this morning what was
the last movie you saw house at the end
of the street with Jennifer Lawrence The
Hunger Games Katniss girl it was decent
it was decent I'd give it a good you
know four or five stars so it's pretty
good pretty good first game movie what
does your last text message say let me
check
oh my god last person that was texting
was Ricky and Ricky Dillon and I told
him there's someone vacuuming outside my
room dot-dot-dot
and he responded go push them on a
window what's your ringtone personally I
actually hate ringtones so my phone is
always on vibrate
have you ever been to a different
country yeah actually I have a two
summers going with Australia and it was
really cool and I hope to go to more
countries soon do you like sushi yes
where do you buy your groceries ma
Target noticed have you ever taken
medication help you fall asleep faster
amazingly no I mean I'm literally like
an insomniac and I've never taken nyquil
or any like sort of pills or anything
call me fall asleep faster it's usually
just me looking at the ceiling all night
how many siblings do you have three I
have an older brother and older sister
and a younger brother do you have a
desktop computer or a laptop actually of
both I have an iMac and a macbook insert
clip yeah iMac and MacBook how old we be
turning on your next birthday so my
birthday's September 12th so it kind of
just happens and next year I'll be
turning 21 21 so that's gonna be a
pretty crazy one and yeah looking
forward to it do you wear contacts or
glasses nope do you color your hair no
this weave is all natural baby tell me
something you're planning to do today
well I'm just gonna tell you my day in a
nutshell i'ma finish this video I'm
gonna go to class I'm gonna edit it and
I'm gonna upload it the end when was the
last time you cried
you can't wanna be totally honest here I
watched The X Factor and I get really
emotional like when people have like
stuck you know sad stories sob stories
whatever you want to call them and they
actually get me going why I start to
tear up and I just I don't know why I
really don't know why I'm a sensitive
guy okay nope what's your perfect pizza
topping okay my pizza is pepperoni and
green peppers just straight up but
really when it comes to food I'm not
pick you solute anything do you prefer
hamburgers or cheeseburgers gotta get
that dairy all no cheeseburgers
have you ever had an all-nighter yeah
being a night owl I pretty much have
all-nighters all the time but specific
situations would have to be prom and the
last day of school my senior year stayed
up on that with my
and it was pretty cool what's your eye
color green with yellow Suns can you
taste the difference between Pepsi and
Coke
I hate pop so I never had Pepsi Coke but
I'm pretty sure I could taste the
difference okay guys that's it if you
enjoyed this video make sure to give a
thumbs up comment below and subscribe up
above I make videos every Mondays so
yeah and since this is the 25 questions
tag I snag all of you so go make a video
and with the 25 questions I just did all
of them were in the downbar but yeah if
you enjoyed this video comment below
like a different tag I could do maybe
I'll do another one real soon
well digital pretty far I'm not tears
tears are pretty cool
