hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
so recently I realized I have an overly
attached roommate like at first I
thought he was kind of normal but now
I'm realizing he's crazy and by crazy I
mean he follows me everywhere like I'm
not kidding everywhere it's becoming
such a big habit of his that I'm getting
a little scared for my life okay you
know what it'll just be easier to show
you so I'm gonna show you a couple clips
of my roommate being overly attached
can you not do that what do you want oh
you just can't keep Sammy cool cool of
you cool of you
what
Jesus Christ
yeah my roommate is really crazy like I
feel like I always have to be looking
over my shoulder because I'm afraid he's
there
like I'm soos get out of here I don't
even know what to do anymore okay if you
guys liked the video make sure you give
it a thumbs up and subscribe up above I
put out new videos every Monday so look
forward to that but okay I'm gonna go I
have a really great room I don't even
always super attached and I'm Chi scared
for my life but I don't even know
