hey what's up you guys it's Conny and
welcome to the first installment of ask
otter
so last night I tweeted it out the
hashtag ask Connor and I told you guys
to tweet me some of your questions so
now I'm gonna answer them
would you rather there'd be no Arizona
tea left in the world or live without
thumbs take them I don't want them is
this the Krusty Krab no this is Patrick
who's your favorite youtuber my favorite
youtuber so much emphasis with the caps
lock is probably Daily Grace or Mitchell
Davis or Shane Dawson this is - we need
a pic what are your biggest goals for
the future I have a lot of goals but
probably the biggest one is to move out
to California and pursue film slash
everything else out there I just want to
move to California really badly what's
your opinion on chocolate-covered bacon
Oh Connor where do babies come from
China are you going to play this live
2013 actually yes I am I'm probably
going with JC Ricky Ricardo maybe Keenan
Sam so look forward to it what's in your
left pocket let me see pairs what's your
favorite brand of printer paper I really
like that one with like the white paper
all dang it's escaped my mind what is
that again how would you react if I rang
your doorbell right now I don't even
have a doorbell so I probably my
pants if you could switch bodies with
anyone's dead or alive who would you
switch with wait so if I switch bodies
with someone that's dead does that mean
I'm gonna be dead what inspired you to
make youtube videos in all honesty I was
so bored one summer and I just did it
what an inspirational story who's your
favorite Pokemon my favorite Pokemon
would have to be Eevee that little like
Fox like pokemon or Jolteon the one that
he involves into I don't know why I've
just always liked those ones when is
your next meet and greet well I really
could do another meet-and-greet at the
Mall of America
sometime this October so if you guys
would go to it leave a comment below and
then maybe I'll do it and then I can
meet your faces oh how would you react
if you got to meet One Direction oh and
then I would throw up everywhere from
all the excitement how tall are you 5 9
okay everyone that's it if you enjoyed
this as Connor make sure to leave a
comment telling me you did and like the
video the more likes and comments I get
the better chance we have of doing
another one very soon and if you want to
participate in the next one make sure to
follow me on Twitter
oh and a quick reminder I have a t-shirt
and a wristband up in my district line
store so make sure you go check that out
and maybe buy one if you like them and
special thanks to everyone that has
bought them all my links are below but
okay I'm gonna go okay this one's pretty
far that's Connor you know I just don't
like questions very seriously I don't
even know what are you want to say was
