hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
by popular demand a random swag for an
apple a day will keep the unicorn away
speaking of majestic how was your mom
lately
make sure to take notes because there'll
be a quiz later how sexual do I smell
right now walked it walk it walk it
misty oh boy I can't dance on a scale of
1 to dancing I'm a turtle hey I just met
you and this is crazy but here's my
number so go kick a baby say it to me
one more time I dare you you asked for
it I'm just kidding we make up okay hugs
hugs not drugs okay they just love their
drugs peanut butter and Nutella the
building blocks of life without that
everything is gonna bit a little bit
love I'll just save these for later so I
hear corn that's your favorite vegetable
you read me like a book a book about
poop I read that book coming to a store
near you poop fuck what is that over
there
hey now secrets are meant to share do
you think our friendship means nothing
just I don't even know who you are
anymore as a person I love you to death
but your hair smells like potatoes
potato chips girl will you get your
we've done in those fabulous I wonder
what this one time I ran across the
street young pretty Lunchables freaky
Lunchables President Obama called up and
gave me the key to the city what have
you been doing with your life but
another time I pretended I was Canadian
I hate Canadian bacon and drink maple
syrup every day and then I gained 10
pounds but then I worked out became the
world Vanneman champion at age 7
question your life another time I ate a
rainbow once I guess at the end there
was a pot of gold and a leopard
easily the best experience of my life
what are you doing with yours I swear
85% of the time I'm thinking about
pancakes the other 15 is about waffles
do the chicken dance it's just how we do
sometimes I wonder what it'd be like if
you only ate cheese for the rest of your
life then I remember I'm lactose
intolerant
and immediately go eat a lot of cheese
sometimes I think palm trees are made
out of pineapples but then I realize
that's ridiculous because they're made
out of watermelons sometimes I wonder
when my best friend is a lamb but then I
remember it's because we're perfect for
each other
don't judge me point the finger and I'll
fight it off clean it up you dirty whore
all right go I'm gonna leave you with
three things if you believe you can fly
oh you'll fly high if you believe in
yourself man there's nothing else
hmm and finally the most important thing
you will ever learn in your life ears
open here it is when eating a duck don't
give a fuck okay that's it I hope you
guys enjoyed this if you did cook
subscribe up follow me on Twitter below
and like my Facebook page and while
you're at it like the video miss so much
joy from me
