too many pillows looks like a dead
animal long time no see I feel like I
haven't filmed a YouTube video and so
long if you follow any of my social
media I've been to so many places
recently and I've just I'm so exhausted
she and I should be saying that because
as this is up I'm flying to Vancouver to
start my note to self tour so before I
begin this I'll the story time
don't shoot me before I begin the story
ten video if you haven't bought tickets
to buy two or I am starting tour
tomorrow so never subtour calm I'm
excited to see you it's going to be so
 cool there still think it's
available so definitely show up by that
I don't know what I'm going to call this
video by the title and by the thumbnail
this is going to seem so quick Beatty
but I swear to god it's not I am maybe a
dramatic person but this has really been
freaking me out so for all of you that
know I moved into this place in it's
like August of last year so it's
relatively new everything has been
normal it's been a cute little home it's
been fun it's open it's bright it wasn't
until recently that a couple weird
things have been happening
several weird things and they all
happened in the span of a week but the
long story short I swear to God my house
is haunted
or so many weird things have been
happening that it's just a weird string
of coincidences but which is probably it
normally I'm a realist
I don't believe normally in ghosts but
as soon as something spooky happens to
me I'm like holy they know I don't
believe therefore they're coming for me
so shaky from the caffeine just hyped up
first of all I have a raccoon that has
been visiting me and my little gated
home and it all started happening around
around the raccoons appearance so it's
either the raccoon or if the ghost the
raccoon is relevant to the story that's
why I brought it up okay
first weird thing that happened
this window right here this one as you
can see there's a little latch to open
it and then there's a fence a screen on
the other side so it's not like anything
can get in but there's a little latch
and it has like a good half an inch to
an inch that it has to be lifted up and
then opened it's not like an easy it
just does it doesn't open on its own but
so when I noticed I had a raccoon I was
constantly at night just looking just me
and my house alone just looking for the
raccoon outside and so one of the times
I opened this window I looked out didn't
see it shut it shut it very hard sat on
this couch was watching an entire movie
Saeki for two whole hours got tired was
about midnight went to set my house
alarm so that if anyone breaks in it
goes off because I'm terrified of
burglars so I set the house alarm and I
go into my room I shut the door and I
start getting ready for bed and for most
house alarms once they're set they let
you know they're set so it does like a
collect beat in the house so it does its
collective beep and which means the
house alarm is on I get into bed get
ready for bed and then the house alarm
goes off really quickly after it was set
so I was like that must be some weird
glitch I've never had it go off before
it was a little bit freaky because it
was midnight and it's super loud so I
run out here which I'm in hindsight
surprised because I'm talking like I'm
that brave but I ran out here
immediately and this window was
completely open against the wall right
there completely open it's not there it
wasn't windy I was just in the room a
minute before it was it freaked me out a
little bit but I was also like it's
probably a coincidence so this is the
point in the story where it's like
paranormal activity and that is night
one night one something little happens
and you're like it's just normal windows
open on their own completely by
themselves but it's fine nothing
happened I went to bed I may have lost
like an hour's sleep because I was
nervous when I went to that next day a
similar thing happens
in another room far that direction
I have windows just like these the same
type of latching situation I want to
remind you that it's difficult to open
that maybe if there was the biggest gust
of wind in the world somehow they would
open but that's never happened before so
the window in that room I don't know
what I was doing I was probably looking
for that damn raccoon again so I went to
open some windows
I opened you know a couple windows keep
them wide open after a while I wanted to
close the windows so I closed all the
windows I leave to go out for lunch and
I come back home and when I come back
home I can hear outside still in the
house so I'm like something's open
that's really strange I walk into that
room and the windows that I had opened
but shut was the same type of thing
completely wide open not a little crack
it doesn't really open to drama so the
fact that it was wide open and it wasn't
windy outside again freaked me out I've
been here for like half a year and has
done this several times and it's never
happened before so the fact that it
happened to two windows two times in a
row really creeps me out I got really
kind of nervous at that point I was just
paranoid as probably so that was
day 2 day 3 I'm pretty sure this one was
2 days later but two days later another
thing happened did the whole usual
routine set the alarm went to bed that's
the routine but I did everything normal
it was a normal night no weird weather
nothing creepier eerie so I actually own
a Google home those little Google things
that you say hey Google look wait I
shouldn't say it cuz that's going to
talk to me hey Google search for this
and it just searches so it's
voice-activated
and if you've ever played with one it's
really good it's on all the time and if
you're in a room away from it you can
still yell and it will hear you I've
always found it creepy because it's on
at all times and anytime you say ok
Google it will turn on I'm just waiting
for it to turn awesome I think it's
unplugged so it's like 3:00 in the
morning and it's a little bit hazy
because obviously I was sleeping but I
get woken up at 3 in the morning to my
Google home going off it's voice
debated that's the only way to turn it
on and I woke up to it making these
weird noises like it was being used or
turned on it it gives me kind of chills
because I fit again I've had it for a
long time I rarely use it and I've never
heard it make these noises It was as if
it was starting up even though it's
always on thank God it didn't answer a
question Jesus Christ imagine if it
answered a question oh my god I wake up
at 3 a.m. and it's answering some
questions about 13 reasons why or
something and I'm like but either way so
I wake up and I hear it going off and I
froze because I immediately knew what it
was and it's right outside my door and
unless I was talking in my sleep which
I've never done before I don't I thought
one is still really I don't know and I'm
it's really unexplainable and I want to
throw it away at this very moment I'm
looking at it as if it's something I
absolutely despise and I'm like I need
to throw it away but yeah so after that
I it took me a really long time to fall
asleep I convinced myself that the power
went off and then went back on and it
turned on but that wasn't the case
because all of my clocks were set I
don't know those three things happened
within the same week and then luckily I
went on my book tour so I got to leave
my house and I you not I was so
happy to leave after those three three
things had happened so quickly in a row
I still don't know if I mean like
there's no way to prove that it's a
ghost but it was just weird none of that
stuff has happened before I'm not one to
believe in the paranormal but it was
just a weird string of coincidences and
I'm so glad that I'm leaving again for a
hot minute because I just frankly don't
want to be here nothing having to do
with the paranormal just paranoid
paranoid I hate myself that's the story
there's no end to it because luckily I'm
living have you guys ever had anything
weird like that happen I really haven't
I've had friends that have had situation
happenings and occurrences where they
think they've encountered a ghost but I
know the human brain plays tricks on us
so I want to take that into account but
it's just it's weird
it was just really weird and
unexplainable pay a few have any stories
please leave in the comments down below
I wanted to film a fun video which I
don't know if this was fun I think it
was great to get it off my chest but
also now is out into the world and if
there is a ghost its listening don't
kill me kindly go to the neighbors so
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did please click the like button and if
you're new please subscribe I'm on tour
right now so that is too soft or calm I
also have a book out which is why I'm on
tour
that's notes up by Connor calm just me
scared I just heard something the tree
okay I love you guys no one died via
ghost happening enjoy this video make
sure if it comes up in couple okie
chicken to do something and I'm like
