okay what the Piazza's connor it hasn't
a new place so this week i pretty much
started college so i'm in a new room
let's take a look around oh look look
look that's the ceiling
yeah that's around but yeah so I'll be
filming videos from here for a little
while yay and since it's the first week
of school for me I'm gonna talk about
school specifically I want to talk about
things teachers need to understand so I
hate it when you walk into a class for
the first time and the teachers
explaining the course and they begin by
saying this class is gonna be really
difficult and challenging but I know you
can do it did you really need to tell me
that now I'm just scared for the rest of
the year no another thing that teachers
need to understand is that the students
do not like it when you talk for the
whole class being lectured for over an
hour is so boring so stop being so full
of yourselves and let us do something
else preferably a movie Jean when it
comes to school surprise anything is
usually bad surprise homework quizzes
anything just horrible it completely
ruins our day so please stop doing a
teacher's important note I am NOT gonna
read the textbook no matter how many
times you ask me it's boring I'm sorry
not gonna happen
don't even ask if we want to be in
groups it's obvious group work equals
less individual work we're lazy so we
want groups teachers you can tell us
about your personal lives as much as you
want
as long as we don't have to learn we're
happy another thing that makes us happy
is food give us a food candy treats
anything you're automatically our
favorite teacher and we love you simple
as that
don't make us stay late be aware of the
time we do not want to be in that
classroom any longer than we have to be
but really that's just a couple things I
realize that teachers need to understand
then the school year will be perfect no
no it won't but yeah but okay guys
that's it I've actually got to go to
class right now so I'll see you later
if you liked the video make sure to give
it a thumbs up and subscribe up above
follow me on Twitter subscribe to my
second channel for daily vlogs
everything else okay I'm in college and
I just love school not really but maybe
I don't know I know
