hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
today's video is gonna be a little bit
different today I'm doing a Twitter rant
I'm pretty much just gonna list the
things that annoy me about Twitter the
most really the list goes on and on but
we're gonna keep it short okay so here
we go one thing that bothers me about
Twitter is when people quote tweets but
don't say anything after them why not
just retweet it so an example would be
like I say hashtag poop then someone
quotes Connor Franta hashtag poop but
then they don't say anything after it
like what's the point of quoting it if
you're gonna say anything after it bugs
me another thing that bothers me is when
people tell me to follow them back key
word in that phrase back just because
you followed me does not mean I have to
follow you back don't tell me what to do
don't tell me what to do don't tell me
what to do try asking nicely maybe
that'll follow you or maybe not who
knows it also really bothers me when
people use unnecessary hashtags or
really just too many hashtags if your
tweet is made up of 100% hashtags it's
irrelevant okay thanks bye if you say
hashtag eating dinner hashtag chicken
hashtag delicious why did you just say
that in the first place Oh another thing
that bothers me about hashtags is when
the trending topics like the hashtag
trending topics are really stupid
especially when all of them are stupid
if hashtag big booty bitches is trending
does it look like I care
no I don't care at all if hashtag my
favorite hotel is trending does it look
like I care at all no another thing that
really bothers me about Twitter is spam
I hate when I get spam from those stupid
AGGA cows the ones that have the eggs is
their pictures that's another thing I
bothers me so side note if your twit pic
is still an egg get off a Twitter please
back to spam when those stupid accounts
tweet you like random links and they tag
like a million people in it it's like
really gonna waste my time da and the
number one thing that bothers me the
most about Twitter is the 140 character
limit really Twitter really 140 if it
was 200 and make my life so much easier
because half my tweets reach that limit
and then I have to figure out what to
delete if to be able to tweet the tweet
tweet to tweet and 90%
I can't figure out what to delete so I
just don't even tweet it all together
Twitter if you see this please make it
200 characters please oh god I got that
off my chest but I gotta have my chest
but yeah those are some of the things I
hate about Twitter what are the some of
the things that you made about Twitter
leave them in the comments below
but let's around the topic of Twitter I
have a Twitter so make sure to follow me
the link is the first one in the downbar
and while you're down there you might as
well follow me out all my other links
see I hope you guys like the video if
you did make sure to give it a thumbs up
and click subscribe up above if you
haven't already it makes me so happy but
okay I'm gonna go okay Twitter will
annoy me but I also really like a
summation for me and I don't even know
