hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
recently I've been thinking about a lot
of cool stuff I want to do before I die
essentially a bucket list so me and my
friend Christian hello there my name is
Christian decide to make a list of 50
things that we want to do before we die
these are definitely all normal
activities and not not weird at all
we're 100% serious of this video like we
are in most of our videos but yeah so we
each have 25 and let's do this okay 3 2
1 go I want to give everybody in the
world a high five grow moustache and dye
it blue adopt a pet Fox breakdance with
Obama actually become a Fox throw a TV
up a five-story building rebuild the
entire set of Drake and Josh
shade my cat become best friends with
Jerry Seinfeld go swimming in a pool
full of Arizona tea invent grape
flavored ice cream locate Waldo and trap
them in my bathroom take a taxi to a
place right across the street create a
cell phone app that turns my phone into
a transformer break the world record for
crying the most times in a public place
find out how to actually keep up with
the Kardashians go to England to have
tea and crumpets then immediately leave
locate my long-lost Hogwarts acceptance
letter replace my teeth with gold grills
become the sixth member of One Direction
turn into a vampire
streak at a major sporting event open a
trendy vampire cafe with a lifetime
supply of Sour Patch Kids become a
five-star gourmet chef find out how many
licks it actually takes to get to the
center of a Tootsie Pop push over the
leading Tower of Pisa ride it grizzly
bear live inside of an aquarium direct a
terrible horror film run around the
forest and live with wild animals get a
tattoo of an umbrella record a hardcore
rap album y'all been the club rapping
over here boudin Erica and study the
Penguins go to a fast food place hop
over the counter and just start working
there get my face on a cereal box I want
to find Howl's Moving Castle like the
actual castle I know it's out there
somewhere snowboard on Mount Everest go
on a stand-up comedy tour across the
nation and get booed offstage at every
venue learn to fly buy out an entire
movie theater for a day adopt 50 cats
eat so many gushers that my head
actually turns into a fruit create a new
brand of computer called banana learn
how to communicate with birds travel
around the world in 49 days via hot-air
balloon drink out of every drinking
fountain to ever exist have my own
reality TV show about nothing that no
one would watch watch corner through his
bedroom window I Nina what what bill the
sick tree house okay you guys that's it
you've heard a bunch of things that we
want to do before we die what some
things that you want to do before you
die leave them in the comments below and
make sure you go check out my buddy
Christian's channel it's youtube.com so
that's touch the sky films he'll be
posting a new video tomorrow with me in
it so make sure to subscribe so you can
check it out and he's like really cool
and weird like me hey if you haven't
already make sure to click the subscribe
button up above but other than that I'll
see you guys later okay what's ready
raining outside I'm surprised don't even
scare you when I was just like boy we
got a little wedding it was like
