hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
as you can tell I'm super awkward and
today I'm gonna talk about some of the
most awkward places ever
the first one is elevators obviously
elevators are gonna be awkward because
when you go in there you're freakin
trapped and I swear to God usually it's
just with one person and then usually
your bolts just hanging out on opposite
sides of the elevator being awkward
because there's usually the occasional
staring randomly trying to start up a
conversation and then one of you farts
it all just goes to shit another super
awkward place is the dentist I mean
obviously it's pretty awkward they're
digging their hands in your mouth I mean
just imagine it you're just laying there
with your mouth wide open and there's
someone just like digging to me
there's someone just like digging their
hands in your mouth and it's even worse
when they try and talk to you they're
really digging your mouth and will start
asking you questions about your life and
you're like what am I supposed to do
answer back and then when you answer
their questions they got mad at you
because you're like messing up what
they're doing to your teeth another
place is Church granted I don't know
that all of you go to church but it's a
really awkward place so first of all if
you go to church late you might as well
not go at all because when you walk into
that church late everyone looks at you
like you just killed someone I kid you
not I walk in like a minute late every
single person in church looks at me then
once you're in there if you make any
loud noises again everyone hates you of
course you got the occasional sneeze you
just gotta let out and you're like a Jew
and everyone they hate you for making a
noise moving on the next sock replaces
school specifically the first day of
school because obviously no one wants to
be there and everyone is just overall
super pissed and it gets even worse when
you find that one kid that you said you
were gonna hang out with that summer and
you never did it's like oh hey how was
your summer and usually they just stare
you're walking on hay not to mention the
teachers make it super awkward because
they know no one wants to be there but
they try to make it fun anyway Plus
everyone's dumb as shit so who cares and
the last and quite possibly the most
awkward place on my list public
bathrooms yeah you know what I'm talking
about
as a matter if it's a bathroom in a park
a porta potty near the woods or the
bathrooms in Walmart they're all awkward
cuz you have no idea who's been in those
bathrooms think about it you're pooping
where's someone
just pooped okay so you do that at your
house too but whatever you get my point
you don't know who that person was then
least you know the people in your house
gross and it gets even worse when the
bathrooms are dirty I bet every single
one of you have gone into a bathroom and
seen literal shit on the walls and you
have no idea how that gets there like I
don't know who thinks this is like funny
or a joke but who smears their poop on
the wall not my kind of humor apparently
not to mention it seems like every
single person you meet in a public
bathroom looks like a rapist or a serial
killer does that make for good
conversation when you're fearing for
your life all going to the bathroom but
yeah so there's some Agra places that I
know what are some other places that you
know leave them in the comments below
better yet if you have a super awkward
situation you've been in also leave in
the comments below okay well that's it
quick sidenote me and my friends just
created a new collab channel here on
YouTube it's gonna be the next big thing
so you guys need to go check it out and
subscribe the promo video is just up so
go click right here and go subscribe to
the channel check it out go see who's in
it because you guys are definitely gonna
be happy with the lineup
I'm very familiar faces so you guys
should go check out youtube.com slash
our second life because the Internet is
our second life yeah that's what the
title means okay well oh my god I'm
gonna go Scout reassess all y'all go to
do but I get old you
