oh and with the vs Conor and I better
lap you guys around that age where you
start dating
oh that age so I think I'm gonna help
you out and I'm gonna tell you a couple
things not to do when you ask someone
out this will work for both genders by
the way cuz I'm not sexist bad Bev nap
no but okay here we go
number one don't be creepy yeah hey so
I've been watching you
oh hey I look at your Facebook like
every day okay so I was in your backyard
last night and don't forget your words
um so I was um wondering um uh uh see
you're like you're like really pretty um
like my mom so how about that weather
huh kind of cloudy lately don't be loud
hi I like you don't be quiet don't be
too sexual
hey I want to go out sometime don't not
be sexual at all yeah plenty come on
date sometime when I'm turning normal
don't be boring
so uh I was studying last night like I
like I do every Friday night Saturday
night and that I remembered I've got to
change the kitty litter and I was all
like don't be over emotional love me
back
but yeah don't do any of that overall
when you're asking someone out just be
confident calm and of course yourself
then it should all work out maybe I
don't really know I just straight-up
lied to your face right there how does
that feel not good does it
mo they're talking about again oh yeah
dating so worked up it
but okay so hope you guys like the video
um did subscribe of like the video below
comment below your the comment question
what's your cheesiest pick-up line leave
it in the comments below okay so I hope
you guys like the video I know I'm gonna
go because um I need to exercise cuz I'm
getting them done and even though I mean
you could you pretty nice outside
