hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
have you ever had a life-changing
experience like literally have you done
something that you think has changed
your life forever
it could be something super simple and
small or just something huge
groundbreaking well today I want to talk
about mine so last week I went to
something called VidCon it's this giant
gathering of youtubers and YouTube
viewers and everything that is YouTube
basically I flew up to California and I
got to meet a ton of my viewers a ton of
my YouTube friends and a ton of my
favorite youtubers and literally as
cheesy as it sounds it was the best
weekend of my life it just made me so
excited for the future and so happy that
I started doing YouTube because my
favorite part of going to VidCon was
meeting you guys meeting my viewers
meeting my supporters it shows that what
I've been doing on the Internet for so
long is actually real and give me real
people that tweet me that watch my
videos that follow me on tumblr all that
stuff I get to meet you guys and it was
the coolest experience of my life
but to basically day wanna VidCon I got
to the hotel I walked in and there was
just tons of you that yelled my name and
they came up and wanted a hug wanted an
autograph one of the picture it was
insane then me and these guys right here
yeah
good group we went to a district lines
party and it was insane I got to meet
all of these youtubers like jenna
Marbles Smosh Daily Grace etc etc I
literally met every single person that I
watch on YouTube in one room one party
it was insane there was a giant dance
we took pictures and more pictures and I
had so much fun days 2 & 3 I to meet you
guys I got to meet literally all of
these people talk to them hug them
everything it was it was literally
amazing so thank you all for taking
these pictures and thank you all for
tweeting them to me and letting me put
them in this video a little bit of a
voice squeak right there
we are about to do that right there and
you see this guy right here
taking Connor finding the death
talking to the camera
what
founder one Oh
day four I went to Disneyland we rode
rides like this rides like this it was
crazy fun day five I filmed a music
video it's right here it's on
youtube.com slash pickle and banana so
you guys should go watch it and the link
will also be below so watch out for this
video it features me JC caylen Ricky
Dillon Ricardo Reis Sam Pato and Keon
Lally I'm so glad I got all their last
names right you guys know I'm bad with
names and that was one of the highlights
of my whole trip meeting these fine
fellows right here was one of the best
parts they were all so crazy just like
me it was great basics we did in LA meet
up and once again I had to meet all of
you guys I mean there was like over 30
of you that showed up we hung out
chatted for a while and it was super
awesome day seven was the fourth of July
so I went down to the pier and watched
the fireworks
it was really cool and super fun and I
enjoyed it so much
and that was my whole trip but basically
this was the best experience of my life
so far it made me love YouTube even more
and my passion just grew and grew and
grew it also inspired me to do daily
vlogs in my second channel so yeah so if
you guys want to watch me everyday just
for a couple minutes so click here
subscribe it overall just made me want
to be a better youtuber and to produce
more content so I'm super excited I have
so many fresh ideas and get ready for
next week big things are coming so I
want you guys to comment below and tell
me a life-changing experience you've had
give me something really simple or
something really complex just let me
know below also if you want to see more
about my VidCon trip you can go check
out my Twitter my Instagram I keep my
Facebook and my second channel I posted
tons of pictures and tons of videos and
tons of updates so you guys should go
check them out follow subscribe
everything but honestly that's my life
changing experience so I really just
wanted to thank you guys cuz none of
this would be possible without you all
of your support means so much to me and
it blows my mind every day how awesome
you guys truly are so thank you but ok
I'm gonna go because I just videos
really long it's a super long for all
you know I really
