hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
today I want to talk about what I really
think versus what I actually say you
like those situations where someone's
like my a bad person and you say oh
really nice but you're actually thinking
yeah those so I don't know if I'm the
only person that does this but I do it a
lot like sometimes I'll play about
certain things in my head before I say
for example if someone was like hating
on one of my friends here's what I would
actually think but not say to them
listen here you whale sized person just
because your only friend is your shadow
and your breath smells like camel and
not to mention your face looks like it
just came out of a meat grinder that
doesn't mean you have to hate on my
friend and act like a complete troll
that's how twisted I am I may look like
a nice person
but deep down I'm a total asshole yeah
but really when it comes down to it I am
not afraid to say what I'm thinking but
usually in my mouth just hold me back
from what my brain is actually thinking
or something so the generic responses oh
yeah okay sure come directly out what I
really am thinking mother
I think I'm just gonna stick to being
random anonymous confuse them you're
actually a goat Gouda is my favorite
kind of cheese - oh okay god I always
thought your lips were chapped as mine
that seems always work oh yeah that's
like I say well this time keeping your
thoughts to yourself is probably the
best thing but make sure to stand up for
yourself when necessary seriously but
okay I gotta go so what we're gonna do
there is a Doughboy
