hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
lately I've been noticing people are
obsessed with having celebrities follow
them on Twitter like Justin Bieber or
Katy Perry or maybe even one direction
yeah you all know who you are so because
of that I thought I'd help you guys out
and I'm gonna teach you how to get one
direction to follow you on twitter okay
so the first thing you need to do is go
on Google Maps because we need to find
one One Direction is Wow Google's gotten
good now that you found out where they
currently are you need to move there
and once you're there it's time to go
stacker mode and find out where they eat
sleep anything you've got to know their
lives better than they do and no this is
not creepy at all once you know their
daily schedule you got to follow them
everywhere when they're going out to eat
when they're going to sleep when they go
into their concerts when they go to the
bathroom everywhere by this point you
should know everything about them and
which brings me to my next step
kidnap them I know you may think this is
very severe but if you would you want
them to follow you or not yep that's
what I thought
so once you kidnap them you can pick one
or all of them I suggest that you watch
I'll let you be the judge of that Hey
finally once you've kidnapped one
direction you're gonna win their
affection so you can try petting their
hair or buying them things I hear they
like to be scratched behind the ears
mm-hmm said so break and they'll call
you on Twitter
okay I'll call you on Twitter so
basically that's the way for you to get
one direction to follow you on twitter
you know or you could just tweet them
like a million times a day whatever
works okay that's it I hope you guys
enjoy the video while you're asking what
direction to follow you on Twitter you
might as well just go there and click
follow for me twitter.com slash connor
franta you can also check out my
Instagram my facebook my tumblr my
shirts hahaha my shirts on sale there's
a bunch of new ones yep district lines
calm such Connor Franta go links are
below and there's always my second
channel where the craziness continues
but until next Monday I'm kind of
frantic and I have one direction in
sections don't you
