hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
today I'm going to teach you how to be
cool you know so the first thing every
cool kid needs is a good pair of
sunglasses every cool kid has them I
mean look at this you can't see my eyes
you don't know what I'm thinking where
am I looking
am i sad or am i happy nope I'm just
cool and with every good pair of
sunglasses comes a different personality
personality of I don't give a sh
seriously if you don't give your cool
next thing you'll need is a large amount
of Apple products cuz everyone knows if
you have an Apple product you're cool
and you're way better than PC users
piece of crap and going off a style
you're gonna need oh cool bracelets
erase it so the cool thing to wear I'm
not that cool cuz I don't have 20 gets
that 20 here just so cool once you have
your cool apparel on and your
personality ready cool kids go to
parties and when you go to a party once
again you gotta not give it be cool you
gotta act like this so I don't like you
you don't like me let's party and
everyone will be like this I'm so cool
when friends call you on the phone hey
one hang out whatever answer whatever
for anything you'll be automatically
cool but overall being cool is art form
it's something you have to learn no
one's born with it
trust me I know thanks and stuff but
yeah I'm kind of Franta and that's how
to be cool I'll see you next Monday bye
yeah
