Oh oh my god hi like seriously you guys
I missed you just do so much it hurts
what to do with my hands right now I'm
blowing up text messages what is this
like honestly I don't even know but it
itches it's a disease I have cooties
scary but seriously hey what's up you
guys I'm on summer vacation summer
vacation
hashtag excited I was so vain but
seriously I'm so excited to be on summer
I'm done with school I'm ready to do
some awesome videos for you all summer
long another text message I'm so popular
so popular okay but seriously my video
schedule for this summer is gonna be
crap I'm gonna do a video week and I'm
planning on doing a ton more videos on
my second channel and I have collab at
see my new collab that starts today I
swear your mind just went from this most
accurate thing you've ever in your life
but to start off I just wanna talk about
summer oh my god another text message
look at my phone look at this phone look
this I just got a new phone case oh look
you can see yourself oh you so I just
got a new phone case from China and oh
my god it's so cool it's wood it's wood
I'm being misters mr. sustainability
here mr. sustainability oh right here
pretty dang awesome but future plans in
the summer I'm gonna be working I'm
gonna be going to VidCon I'm gonna be
going my cabin I'm gonna be doing so
much stuff doing this makes me wonder
why you guys think I'm on drugs do
people on drugs do this I didn't think
so
yep normal people do that stuff and I'm
as normal as they come seriously I need
a haircut though when it starts flipping
out it's a sign and you also may have
noticed that I am sunburned oh my god
farmer's tan going to tell you I was
that track me for two whole days
I wasn't competing but I was watching
and I got crispy I mean look at this not
this look at this
not this look at this not that look at
this I don't even know oh yeah so I
think that's all I talk about admire my
cool bracelet it's boring oh I see you
guys I'm gonna go make sure to follow me
on Twitter let me tell you I need more
followers he could tweet so much and
needs to experience that everyone
everyone you you you not you not you
know you're not you but definitely you
okay so here's never like a weekend I'll
see you next week because I'm making
videos every week thank you
