Wow hey what's up you guys it's Connor
and since I got no class today I thought
I'd make quick vlog mrs. Groh through
the topics I want to talk about
basically the Internet be crazy so
slowly begun to realize that I'm on the
internet like a million times more than
I'm on the TV on the TV on the TV but so
basically the Internet is slowly
replacing my need or want for TV it's
pretty crazy I mean between a Tumblr
Twitter Facebook
okay so Facebook's getting a little bad
and then you can find that all with
YouTube whoa basically my life's online
but with that I still love TV I can't
get enough of my shows my top three
right now shameless Game of Thrones and
happy endings if you haven't seen any of
those you're missing out there's so
funny
dick cheerio cheerio said but they're
kind of dirty yes there is nudity in
them and swearing yes both of those
things are in there now back to reality
but going off the topic of swearing have
you ever noticed how different you talk
to your parents than you do to your
friends so going to college I've noticed
this a lot more going back home is a
little bit different I've always talked
to my friends different than I have my
parents but going from college to home
is literally a whole different world cuz
literally here at college anything goes
like anything cause you can say whatever
you want and people won't judge you
based upon the way you say it so
basically I'm saying if you swear no one
will care and that arrived but I'll give
your home a lot of parents do of course
don't like that so you got to like catch
yourself so like I'll be home talking to
my mom
we'll be watching some sporting event or
something and we'll both be like then
just so happens that the person that I
want to win doesn't I'll be like oh
french fries oh oh oh french fries yes
yes we say that you won't understand
mommy when our staff won't like go on
whereas here you can be like to your
friends man I'll give up I don't want to
know the and then all this and then be
like gonna be like gonna be like so much
bleeping bass tomorrow the story don't
swear around your parents you don't like
it yes obey me this program has now been
cancelled those aren't even mine bar you
roomie these aren't even mine either
okay is a quick little announcement have
you ever wanted to be on YouTube or
about a successful collab channel oh you
have well perfect because I made one
yeah so starting today I'm opening up
auditions for a collab channel
called lab at sea or a sailor ah now
we're not doing pirates on this channel
but yes I just posted an audition video
so you guys can either go to that
channel and audition or you can just go
purely to subscribe and get ready to
watch the awesome videos that are to
come it's gonna be opening May 14th and
it's gonna go all the way through summer
and basically I'm doing a summer collab
channel because I know everyone's gonna
have a little bit more time and I'm
gonna force everyone to do quality
videos as in HD videos and every week
there's gonna be a good challenge
awesome themes people are going to be
doing crazy stuff in public dancing at
Walmart except about but yeah if you
enjoy people being crazy and you enjoy
videos all summer long every day and
they're gonna always be in HD those
channels for you so yeah just head on
over to youtube.com slash club at sea or
click the link in the downbar or click
right here so many choices
and subscribe now ok we're done I'm
gonna go do nothing because it's the
weekend
you
