hey what's up you guys is Connor who I
do not like this little glare thing
we're just gonna stick to the side those
bushes over here okay so basically I
want to do another art video so the last
hour video I did was Mike Rann belting
video and you guys seem to really like
that so I thought I'd do another one
so I'm on tumblr a lot and I decided
that because I see this all the time I
want to do the glowing jars example
right here yes basically I'm just
assuming you need of course a jar some
glow paint a paintbrush and that's
really it for mine I have two jars and
for one of them I'm just gonna do
regular glow paint and the second one
I'm going to use dye and see if that
will do anything I like to mix it up a
little bit cuz I did try it by colored
glow paint but they didn't have any so
yeah we're gonna improvise but okay so
here we go
okay that's it so before I turn off the
lights I hope you guys liked the video
if you did give it a thumbs up subscribe
above for more videos and if you also
want to try this send me a video
response and I'll put it below so we can
see how they all turn out fun oh yeah
okay so I'm gonna go to off the lights
see you later okay bye
