hey what's up you guys yeah it's gone
and I'm an insomniac insomniac I have
trouble sleeping yeah I have trouble
sleeping it's like literally my dad the
doctor and he says I'm insomniac I feel
like this is just a YouTube thing for
just anyone who's like on YouTube or
Twitter cuz seriously I see this like
every day can't sleep 5:00 a.m. still up
7:00 a.m. never went to bed 10 a.m. just
goes on and on so here's what usually
happens for me I'll be up really late on
my computer and then I'll realize oh my
god it's three a.m. I'll be like okay I
better go to bed now and usually I'm not
even tired seriously coming from the kid
that runs swims and does ABS like every
day I never tired think even last night
I got probably like four more hours of
sleep and I'm just perky as all get-out
frickin got nothing on me but
yeah so I have no idea why that is but
as I was saying so go into bed at like
3:00 a.m. and I'll just lay there I
literally lay there looking at the
ceiling for hours
I just can't shut my mind off if I hear
a song before I go to bed I'm literally
just like singing it in my head for
hours and hours
does anyone else do this because I think
there's something wrong with me or
usually I use that time at 3 a.m. to
start thinking and I just like think
about all these questions I have and all
these things I'm worried about and blah
blah blah
either way it just keeps going on and on
and on and I just can't take it I do
love being a night out but the whole not
sleeping thing kind of sex so usually I
resort to like walking around my house
all night long like I'll just like get
up at you know like 4 a.m. or something
I just like walk around and be like
what's going on right now of course
there's nothing going on right now it's
4:00 a.m. everybody's in bed at all the
normal people are sleeping but for some
reason I feel the need to check yeah so
if you guys have that problem leave it
in the comments below okay so the
question of the week is what puts you to
sleep leave your creative comments in
the comment section below and the best
ones will be in the next video thanks
for watching
