hey what's up you guys it's got it and I
haven't seen your faces in like a month
that cray we won't start that again
yeah so I haven't seen you guys in so
long
basically because I've been super duper
busy so last weekend at my conference
from me pretty big me I did really wash
up time and everything so it's pretty
happy with it and last week was also
Valentine's Day that go yeah a
little-little special someone for you
oh you're so cute you're so cute very
much how I talk to my cat whatever but
yeah here's something I've been noticing
lately life is full of suspense we're
constantly waiting for stuff making us
nervous making us crazy slow crazy just
like movies so you're sitting there
watching your movie eatin popcorn
popcorn and you know something scary's
gonna happen I'm freaking out until
awesome I did it for you clean that up
later yeah movies are crazy you even get
the same feeling when you're waiting to
hear how you did on a test I had three
tests last week on the same day I was so
nervous but I did well so it's okay that
normally doesn't happen speaking of
school there's so many kids you hate in
school like that know-it-all kid if a
kid who thinks he's really really smart
but he's not where that kid who eats in
class really loudly and just annoys the
heck out of ya yeah those kids I'm
pretty sure even the teachers hate him
but they can't tell anyone all the way
you can tell Billy shut up before I hit
you with this bag of popcorn yeah no one
likes those kids reading you know
Gregor's
blah blah blah blah blah whoa we're done
okay guys so this is the part video
where I have three huge announcements
you're gonna want to stay don't leave so
I'm really excited for these
announcements I just finalized them the
other day so I hope to tell you I'm not
the number one you know how I was
running for king of the web and I made a
little cash money well I talked to my
mom and I can go to VidCon I raised
enough money and she said I could go so
VidCon is June 28th through the 30th and
basically it's just a giant gathering of
like youtubers and YouTube people and
YouTube viewers and yeah it's just like
a conference it's a video conference so
you can like go hear youtubers talk meet
youtubers overall do anything involving
YouTube that is just awesome
so I'm excited because I finally get to
meet a bunch of you guys and some of my
YouTube friends pretty pumped number two
I have a p.o box yeah you heard that
right so I get tweets all the time
asking people who have like artwork and
stuff they want to send me drawings in
my name pictures of me literally
anything and now I have a place for you
to send it okay so I don't have it
memorized so I'm just gonna read it off
the sheet and it's gonna be right here
okay so you're gonna send it to Connor
Franta p.o box zero five four zero st.
John's University College Vil Minnesota
five six three two one for the zip code
ha and of course all that will be in the
downbar probably on my channel probably
on my Facebook page so if you ever need
it there it is see ya you guys want to
send me anything send it to there and
I'll probably be opening it in videos
most likely open letters on my second
channel if I get any like big packages
or something then I'll open them on this
one so yeah I'm really excited to get
some of your artwork and stuff and I'll
probably put it up on the wall and then
I'll have a giant wall of stuff
I'm excited are you excited number three
okay so the last announcement is I have
t-shirts you hasn't been tweeting me for
a while and facebooking me asking me for
t-shirts so I made some first one is
just a simple black t-shirt with white
writing it just says Connor Franta and
you know just a cool close up design my
personal favorite the next one is a
simple white t-shirt with like grayish
black writing it's like one of those
keep calm and collected shirts and yeah
keep calm and watch Connor Franta that
one's pretty cool and the last one which
I'm not sure about it's a blue shirt
that says I heart Connor Franta I'm not
really sure about the whole my face
being on it
but you guys were the ones who requested
that that silly reason why did these
shirts specifically kind of hinted at
what you wanted on them so I did that so
if not many people buy that one then
I'll probably just you know that shoo it
away or just make him a little different
let me know in the comments below which
one you like if you think you're gonna
get one just anything give you some
feedback people also let me know if
you're gonna go to VidCon or if you're
gonna send me something anything just
let me know fill those comments up by
the way the shirts are $17.99 that's his
cheapest district lines would let me
make them so yeah I'm not in it to make
a profit so I make it as cheap as
possible so I'm I hope that's a good
price for you guys but yeah overall um
yeah it's good to be back I'll be making
more videos
I got spring break in two weeks so pump
for that but yeah go over to my second
channel if you want to see some more
videos now that I've done was swimmy I'm
gonna be posting more vlogs and probably
a couple of my swim races from this past
weekend so get excited okay well I hope
you know it's really sunny outside and
I'm gonna do my laundry
