hey what's up you guys
it's Connor so recently I've been seeing
a lot of videos about those blanks save
whatever so of course had to make my own
so here it is pretty one two three go
BRR it's cold who wants to build an
igloo are you heading up to the fair
dang it I got my uggs dirty the Vikings
are so good they're just not even trying
oh you betcha
oh man hot chocolate sounds so good
right now I think it's getting warmer oh
sure let's hop in my truck oh oh I think
it's starting to snow again hey did you
get any bucks
trust me the Vikings are good hey did
you get any pheasants I knew I should
have brought boots hey did you get any
ducks ooh ooh we should play some hockey
and see my breath did you hear we're
supposed to get like 24 inches of snow
that corns not gonna grow itself it's so
cold
did they snow pants make my butt look
big my truck will be perfect for that
we should go sledding ice fishing anyone
Vikings are just having an off year
snowball fight
what are you bringing to the fair is
anyone else cold it's still coming down
out there anyone want to pop BRR
I think it's top no no no that's going
again hey does anyone have an extra pair
of gloves Hey oh don't worry I have a
truck
Hey better go get a head start on them
crops Hey
oh did you hear it's a hive 9:00
tomorrow don't cha know do you think
these new bugs look good the Vikings are
so good yeah I think this said so snow
later hey is that a new hat I'm
seriously freezing my nuts off right now
don't forget your parka they're like ice
cubes hey guys thanks for watching I
hope you guys liked it and if you did
give it a thumbs up below comment yeah
subscribe or something I'll guess you
know boy
