hello didn't think you'd see me on this
Friday DJ I'm back with another video
hello hi long time no see
sorry I've been gone for a while I've
been really busy and I know that's a
lame excuse but I swear to God I happen
today I'm gonna briefly talk to you guys
about one of the things I've been busy
with about a year ago my clothing brand
comma culture did a collaboration with
Urban Outfitters I designed some
products that were in urban outfitter
stores and urban affairs website which
is like really cool I've shopped in
Urban Outfitters for years so to have
clothes that I designed myself be in
there is just quite surreal and one of
the things that I'm working on is my
second collection with Urban Outfitters
and today I'm excited to show you the
clothes that will be in Urban Outfitters
this time around I designed six products
that will be in fifty stores again
really cool six products 50 stores it'll
also be online and it comes out is it
next Tuesday already February 19th is
that next Tuesday so it's so soon I'm
not like announcing this one you're
gonna have to wait a million years next
Tuesday mark your calendars it'll be
online it'll be in stores you can get it
next Tuesday
shit I'm about to walk into like the six
stores in Los Angeles and just be
looking at my promise I feel like an
exploitive parent but here I am I am a
stage mom and these are my toddlers in
tiaras now I just want to show you all
the products and explain the backstory
behind them and yeah that's pretty much
it these things take months to make I
think we started planning this back in
like September so it takes a long time
I'm really glad that they're finally
done let's begin lets me get some of
these are in bags like they're
this is the common culture classic
validate me sweater which everyone seems
to really love valid date me validate me
however you want to see it it's in a
maroon ish color kind of like a
tangerine print really great and
honestly it was really great with like
the light colored pants that I'm wearing
right now custom neck logo he'll cute I
love it it's my stunning and this will
retail for $49 next we have the cult
classic t-shirt so the back story behind
this is this is a photo that I took in
London London and then I manipulated in
Photoshop and then I painted over it and
then on the back we have some small
packs that people are probably gonna
walk up to your back and squint at
custom neck Lego it's a little tag and
this retails for $29 this might be my
favorite product of us it's not gonna
lie he'll cute so cute we'll go with
literally any pair of jeans you tuck it
in you put in about put on some long
socks some boots
you're gonna look fresh as fuck to keep
you warm in this transition from winter
to spring
you got a forest green long-sleeve with
the hearts design from last season I
really love this one I think the colors
are super cute there's still quite
wintery but at the same time they'll do
really well in spring dark but poppy
abstract yet somehow familiar I really
love it I think it's again held cute
custom neck logo little details like
this that just kill me you can wear it
untucked with jeans some sneakers
bada-bing bada-boom done next you know
you gotta do a hat this is a new lonely
lane cap you have a light brown bill
with kind of a dark stone grey top
mulling lanes and this like buttery
yellow color with the orange and the red
and the black
then you come
culture printed on the side i really
freaking love this hat this kind of
become my new staple I swear to God I
wear like one hat every day and I need a
new one and what I like about this one
is that it feels like it was already
worn in it kind of has that vintage
washed feel so you don't feel like you
have to break it in in a way nice
quality embroidered that embroidery
though no and to continue we have
another hat we have a beanie
in fact honestly I'm not gonna lie I was
a little bit torn about this one you
look with the white and everything it
looks very very contrasty I was a little
bit torn if this one is quite literally
too bold and orange hat is a bold
statement there's no hiding this one but
after I designed it when I got it in
person I realized that it's it's held
cute
I keep saying yes but it's hella cute I
think I like it because it's again kind
of a washed color it's not blaze orange
and it's not even it's kind of more like
a like a creamy or
if that makes sense and then the logo is
in a darker version of the Hat with this
white fog gray I feel like I'm making up
names but this is literally what they're
called it's not white it's kind of like
an off-white fog white again it would go
great with I think everything I wore it
conveniently goes well with what I'm
wearing right now white t-shirt light
denim black belt black belt
oh no I'm not showing my feet on camera
I'm gonna blur that I'm gonna censor
that head last but surely not least we
have a new version of the lonely lane
hoodie in red same coloring as the Hat
yellow orange red and burnt red we have
kind of the racing stripes down the
sleeve and down the other and yeah
that's it you get to advertise that
you're lonely on a daily basis the truth
hurts
this one's a classic the first time I
released the design you guys really
loved it so I thought I had to make it
more accessible by putting it in the 50
stores and online that's it it's all so
cute and cohesive I could die this is
what it's like so yeah just to remind
you for the millionth time this will all
be online and in stores on February 19th
which I believe is a Tuesday if not
Conner and editing fix that yeah hi this
is Connor of the future I would like to
formally apologize for Connor of the
past being a total idiot okay love you
bye
February 19th it will be in locations
like but not limited to Los Angeles San
Diego San Francisco New York Cincinnati
Minneapolis Chicago Miami Orlando Austin
Houston Dallas Atlanta Charlotte Denver
Montreal Vancouver something I don't
know how to pronounce Georgetown Boston
Seattle Las Vegas etc and so on king of
Persia can go crush precio king of and
we're just gonna say king of Persia it's
not king of Persia
I'll put all the stores in the
description down below if you live near
one please go to those stores so take
pictures go buy one of the products it
means the world not to get cheesy but
clothing design and fashion
kind of where my passions lie right now
and it's just really cool and it means a
lot to me and I appreciate you so thank
you thanks in advance for this part you
guys mean a lot to me oh and before I
forget next Thursday February 22nd so in
like six days I'm having a
meet-and-greet in Los Angeles at one of
the Urban Outfitters all you do is come
buy a product then we'll take a picture
and we'll hang out and we'll have fun
clothing selfies fun okay all the info
around this will be down below so go
click the description and please go read
up on it this means a lot to me you mean
a lot to me and I'll see you soon I'll
see you Monday and probably deleting
this because there's no longevity in it
I love you click the thumbs up button
leave a comment down below what your
favorite product is
