okay what's up you guys back in the good
old room funny because the last time I
filmed a gay questions video it was
right here
planned she plans feel like this is
oddly high let me adjust better fixed a
while back I did a video where I
answered lgbtq+
questions some of my past some of my
present some that were just advice or
just for fun but to here I am ready to
answer your gay questions these
questions are so gay I simply cannot do
you have any embarrassing date stories
starting it off with a bang and all
honesty I don't go on many dates and it
just so happens than most people I find
myself liking are already people that
I'm like friends with so it's almost
like we skipped the first date because
we already know each other but the
closest thing to this answer that I can
think about or to answer this question
one time I went on a date with a boy and
within like the first 10 seconds of
meeting him he just called himself
boring that's the first word he used to
describe himself so from there was just
pretty downhill how old were you and you
had your first boy crush I honestly have
no idea I mean like what I really think
back to it I feel like I had a crush on
so many of my friends growing up down to
like when I was four like went looking
back to it I think I had a weird
obsession with them to the point where
it was like it was a crush I really
wanted to be around them purely because
I liked them more than a friend but also
in you're young it's like so innocent
you don't know that it's a crush yeah
maybe like for kindergarten like ah is
it difficult being lgbtq+ I've always
wondered I think the way that I see it
is that yes of course it is difficult
being the minority or being
discriminated is obviously a difficult
thing that comes with being gay or bi or
transgendered but the way I see it is
that everything is difficult it's
difficult for people of all different
religions all different races all
different sexualities mental health
physical disabilities everyone has
baggage everyone has something that is
difficult in their lives so yeah I mean
it's definitely difficult at times to be
a part of the community mostly from
outside sources but then I just remember
never
has it hard yikes but it's all look
great it's fun okay next question can
you explain the difference between
bisexual and pansexual because many
people don't seem to understand
I should have prefaced this video by
saying I don't know everything so feel
free to kindly educate me in the
comments down below if I make any errors
but so from what I understand if you are
bisexual you like both men and women if
you're a pansexual you're attracted to
everyone you're attracted to all types
of people it's almost like the physical
embodiment of a person doesn't matter
it's more that you're attracted to just
people no matter what their sexuality is
or gender identity if you look at the
prefix pan
it literally means all I love that I
think that sounds lovely what do you
think of clubs such as the GSA so
probably they don't know the GSA is the
Gay Straight Alliance I think they're
great
I had a GSA growing up in my high school
but at the time I was so deeply closeted
and so ignorant that I thought the GSA
was only for people who are LGBTQ Plus
which is completely wrong if you have a
GSA anyone can be a part of it it's
literally the Gay Straight Alliance
anyone can be a part of it I think
they're great I think they're great for
finding a community of like-minded
people for rallying around certain
topics they're great to bring up topics
to your school I think they're fantastic
and I definitely can't recommend enough
I really wish I joined the GSA when I
was in school I'll put a link down below
if you don't have a GSA in your school
you can make one it's really not that
difficult to go make one go start the
club go start the club after coming up
who inspired your fashion sense this is
the perfect time to let you guys know
that this video is actually sponsored by
Calvin Klein this is the dream I'm not
getting this is literally a dream of
mine so I'm in this thing called the
days one hundred and the days one
hundred is in collaboration with Calvin
Klein so I went to London just the other
day with Calvin Klein for the day's 100
in promotion Oh tada
their new scent the comic line has
always had this scent called CK one but
they just released this new scent called
CK all and I you not I have proof I
have been using this scent for literally
a year still have half the bottle left
the fact that I'm sponsored with
something that I have been using
from a year is just amazing but yeah so
I went to the dais 100 with Kevin Klein
and it was absolutely fantastic the
party was really cool London has far
better parties than America
and going to the question I wore all
Calvin Klein but I wore a women's
cutoff jacket why I might not think a
vest I wore a vest and it was like a
cropped vest and I looked cute as hell
but the basically Calvin Klein released
this new scent it smells of citrus wood
and amber it smells so good I'm
definitely switching to this one I love
both but this one is wolf scored and the
great part about both of these are they
are gender-neutral
I love gender-neutral things or guard
Calvin Klein and a little tagline for
these are b-1b all just be if you want
more info on these always the link down
below this is so cool but so to answer
your question in a nutshell after that
Sandra's after coming out it just
inspired me to literally just be myself
whatever version of myself that I feel
like being in that day so now every time
I go into a clothing store I always look
at the men's section and the women's
section that has become a thing that I
do in almost every clothing store I go
into just to see because half the time I
find something really cute in the
women's section and it fits me because
I'm kind of small as a person so yeah
coming out has just expanded my fashion
horizons did you admire people who were
openly gay as a child I'm gonna take it
as when I was growing up did I admire
people who were open about their
sexuality
I actually was so afraid of sexuality
that I almost ignored them for a really
large chunk of my childhood it was up
until I was like 14 or 15 that I truly
thought about gay people and started
looking in to teach people sounds so
weird I'm like literally researching
them on my computer but me and
present-day oh my god they're like my
heroes I totally admire anyone who's
opened up other sexuality but I also
just kids who are open about their
sexuality I didn't have enough courage
to do that so I think those people are
strong courageous just amazing
incredible people I find them so on fire
if you did drag what would your drag
name be first of all can I just get the
quickest amount of praise to RuPaul's
Drag Race my favorite show in existence
season 9 he's at nine I was discussing
this with my friend the other day and my
drag name would either be this is the
one they came up with my friends want to
call me just Kon
with an exclamation point Jess Connie
but I also came up with a drag named
agave Maria which is it's just like
funny and it's also very regal sweet
like honey if you have an idea for a
drag name for me leave in the comments
down below is my sexuality something I
should always tell people that's totally
up to you you definitely don't have to
tell people if you don't want to you
don't have to bring it up every time you
meet someone new for me it's in several
years so I'm super comfortable with my
sexuality so I usually just slide a
comment in there somewhere
you'd be surprised at how often people
talk about girls or boys and usually
when someone talks about a boy in some
way I'll just throw in okay Thomas I
gonna be like oh my god he's so cute
I actually don't do that I'll just throw
in some sort of comment that basically
says I like men
soft on kids in school throwing around
offensive slurs just to be cool it's so
annoying it was obviously just
ridiculous and really sad and it just
speaks of ignorance they don't know what
that word means and for some reason
they've been taught that it's negative
so if you find yourself in a situation
like that try to educate the people or
person if you feel comfortable you'd be
surprised at how lasting it is to call
someone out on something that they're
being insensitive about even in like a
really nice way it's really lasting have
you been to any gay bars recently I have
I've been traveling a decent amount
recently and it's funny when I travel I
love to go to gay bars I feel like they
are the one place that I know will be
semi consistent if that makes sense
I just feel happy being in gay bars and
I feel so comfortable being in gay bars
it's almost like a breath of fresh air
when you walk in just because you know
who's going to be in there I know I mean
you really don't but I feel like I do
every time I go to a new city I just
find myself going to a gay bar with
friends with like no agenda just going
and having a drink or talking to people
I don't know so yes I have I've been to
one in London and some in New York LA I
sound like such a dude how do I saw my
mom my boyfriend is actually my
girlfriend I'm assuming you haven't come
out to your mom yet so obviously you
feel comfortable I feel like it's a
convenient way to come out to your
family bring it up as a question like
that
so mom remember my boyfriend yes honey
it's
so it's actually my girlfriend don't
tell me about her
it could go something like that you
never know that's how my mom reacted
kind of after I came out for then she
was like are you seeing anybody
she was very beyond sweet about it so
you'd be surprised
okay that's um that's pretty much it
those were some gay questions I
absolutely love doing these videos I
think they're so fun and I just seem
like a big help to you guys so if you
enjoyed the video make sure you big
thumbs up and leave some more questions
like those in the comments down below if
you are unaware my book comes out in
just a few days if you click the link
down below and pre-order my book it will
be to you in just a few days that is
insane click the link down below go -
note to self by Connor comm pre-order
your book Please Please Please Please
Please I worked for so long on this also
I am going on tour so if you want to
come meet me on - or make sure to click
link down below as well note to self
tour calm but that's pretty much all I
got I love you guys and I'll see you
next week do - chicken - bye
