there you wanted to come in well here
you are what do you have to say nothing
okay you need to leave hey what's up you
guys it's Conor and I got a haircut
thanks for noticing and it's no that's
why this lighting is even better than
usual that shit cray and I decided to
rock Avena today
barely ever do that thought it would
work well with the contrast of the snow
cover in the blah blah blah pops yeah
I'm still in that stage where you like
get your hair cut and then you're like
oh I just ran out a memory had to delete
stuff we'll see you this freedom is
different there's no point in today's
video I just felt like making something
before I go back to college which by the
way is in two days tomorrow is my last
day of freedom sad whatever but hey back
to that snow is it just me or has the
weather been crazy this year like
seriously this is the first snow we got
burning like the other day was 52 or
something in Minnesota what up with that
it's definitely global warming or maybe
the end of the world or just the weather
was in a good mood it's not like being
nice I'm gonna go with the third one
it's been pretty much random though it
made me say what the everyday wait a
minute cheers you them beeping noise
normally only does that when I swear my
being censored I'm confused I need to
check with the guys wait what is this
what do you what do you mean you don't
know what do you mean you don't know I
don't know what am I supposed to do I
can't have my random words being
censored only the bad ones what are the
bad ones broccoli asparagus tomatoes
those ones don't fix it just had to talk
to the guys you didn't know I had a
whole team of people working on these
videos right over there where have you
been
they're working on fixing the problem
kind of weird though I haven't been in a
while okay that came out way wrong I
said bleep I swear I haven't been in a
while oh no no no no Newton you are
dirty dirty minded need to stop trying
to censor me I have a wild side you know
I get pretty crazy I mean just look at
his eyebrow did you notice that before
can you say rebel now that seriously
notice that the other night after I got
a haircut and a haircut lady must have
like buzzed it out accident now all you
guys are gonna stare at is that the
whole time I'm elliptic do he get
self-conscious about his jiggling rules
he's not bad he's fluffy huh
don't make fun of them it's one thing
you should never do to anyone make fun
of them you're me don't make fun of
people for being who they are being that
themselves should be ashamed of yourself
and if you are being who you are like
Kesha says good for you be yourself
people may not like it but who cares be
you even if it's weird even if it's
crazy nerdy athletic anything just do it
I swear that was not there before
oh yeah let's be honest least you're not
a kid talking to a camera am i right
someone better make a gif out of that
and post it on tumblr I'm sure there are
plenty embarrassing moments on my videos
that someone can make a gif out of and I
would be like again that shit cray I let
so many USBs I got like two here right
like two more in college what up with
that
well you're new so you look good yeah
take that Club oh okay I'm done last
night I asked you guys what's that smell
and this time I'm gonna ask you if you
could be anybody in the world for one
day who would it be and why changing it
up a little bit leave your creative
responses in the comment section below
and then fast ones will be in the next
video random thought but my neighbor is
right out that window by the way this is
a window I haven't even on a wall and
he's totally watching me and now he's
leaving okay well next time you see me
the college because I'm starting my
classes unless you're following me on my
second channel by tumblr my Twitter my
facebook then you'll see me more every
day more than once a day actually I
tweet a lot it's an addiction oh and by
the way I'm so king of the web I'm doing
really really well
I need like a couple more thousand votes
and I'll be ahead of the guy that's
winning my category and then I'll be in
first and there's gonna be crack it
right that shit will be crying so please
please please please please go vote
there's only four days left any votes I
really really really want to win that
category it would be so cool yeah thanks
for um everyone who's the voting and
yeah I'll make more accounts or
something
mm-hmm ask your friends ask your mom ask
your cats that's my slogan okay
