bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla hey
what's up you guys it's Connor and now
that everyone left my house I can
finally film so recently we've had a lot
of people over at my house and I've had
no time to film granted it's only been a
week since I put up a video but you know
what I wanted to film another one but
we've had people of people after people
speaking of people people annoy me
specifically old people okay I'm sorry
but they just do again take it so two
times a day I'm at the YMCA and the YMCA
is filled with old people but it's the
only pool available to me hashtag first
world problems by the way the Sun is out
so every time I spend with you YMCA
there's all these old people they're
just filling the pool with their old
people miss taking up room make it any
slower and getting in my way
it's annoying very annoying mm wanna
know what else is annoying unemotional
people the others people that are just
like complete walls yeah they're
annoying exhibit a the unemotional gamer
headshot these put some feeling into
your life what is wrong with you don't
you feel anything like anger or
happiness everything everyone's trying
to be the stereotypical male buff and
angry have some enthusiasm why dontcha I
don't get it could be worse he could be
like my friend the crazy cat guy
someone loved with his cats I'm scared
whispering this bond I don't know blah
blah blabbity blah pish posh applesauce
why not something I've been obsessed
with lately
dubstep so I've always had an interest
in it and a love for it but lately it's
become an obsession obsessions that's
another topic but seriously Skrillex oh
yeah love it just crazy just crazy
freaking amazing
insane you want me to ruin that song for
you okay so I want you guys to do this
ghost in the song fingering by Skrillex
you're gonna get the beginning couple
words they don't really sound like
anything but here's what you're gonna
listen to now picture the words sauce on
my balls boys this is a sauce on my
balls boys green Browdy
you're never gonna listen that song the
same again I saw that comment on that
video like couple days ago and every
time I hear the song now it's all I hear
just laugh out loud literal l oh pretty
Cosell mfa out not the band the
abbreviation Creed brownie nice and
light blue so much light oh now I got
back to light the little things speaking
of the little things that's gotta have
something to do it New Year's
resolutions which I hate let me break it
down for you every new year people have
a resolution
it sounds like revolution my problem
with that is why do they need new years
to change something in their life to
make better why can't they just do it
when they realize there's something
wrong
Exhibit A when people see the New Year's
as an excuse to go exercise if you
thought you were a little overweight
before why don't you just go exercise
then I don't get it like this guy how do
you work this thing that's a better
death trap or this guy
or in on that guy one so here's what I
think
do you realize there's something in your
life you dislike or want to change go
fix it right then in there why wait
that's my advice for the day well that's
it so last week I asked you guys what's
that over there and this week I'm gonna
ask you what's that smell
leave your creative comments in the
comment section below and the best ones
will be in the next video
don't wait not a jingle oh and just so
you guys know the last king of the web
contest did come to an end and I did end
up getting some in place way $200 so
that's awesome but to go to VidCon I
need a little bit more so I decided to
run one more time just one more I
promise and then hopefully I'll have
enough to go to VidCon so links in the
downbar please vote everyday it means so
much to me I mean right now I think I'm
like maybe like 5,000 votes behind where
I really really want to because if I win
my category I get a $500 gift card so
that'd be super super cool so please I
mean I know that's only what that's only
500 people cuz ten votes 500 people so
we can easily boom that switch right
there in there because I know it says I
upload this will be 500 of you then just
watch it and then go but just do it for
me just do it for me so if you enjoyed
this video please go vote please go vote
and for everyone who has been voting
thank you so much it means a lot that
little dedication means so much to me I
love you so much
okay check out my Facebook Tumblr
Twitter second channel all that stuff I
hope you guys had a good New Year's and
um yeah I'll see you guys
