Wow there's a chair there hey what's up
you guys it's Conor and it's Christmas
so I suppose you're wondering what I got
like I'll show you
Lego okay so I have a little fisheye for
my own cell phone it's super cool oh
look at that yeah that doesn't do it
justice in any way shape or form another
little iPhone lens I got would be this
beast thing wants to take on a phone
yeah ridiculous this one allows you to
zoom probably not gonna use it as much
you pretty cool I can use it as like a
telescope I'm gonna spy on the neighbors
hobby next on the list I got these the
base on that is ridiculous not gay
Exhibit A
this video doesn't do it justice but
it's like boom boom boom boom boom it's
perfect for dubstep let's just say
everyone around my dorm room is going to
either love or hate me I'm betting on
love l for love let's see
boom late like the coolest poster I've
ever gotten in my life by the way look
what I did with my cran melting yep yep
it's on the wall now official
gank you you totes jealous Oh jelly and
various other items beyond great
Christmas speaking of massages what I
had a massage the other day massages are
awkward and painful so I had this blonde
Russian girl give me a massage it was
that place called heaven sans whoa not
heavens hands
she used a freaking elbow yeah example
would you like any more pressure yeah
sure stupidly okay she was insane
freaking crazy
I was just thinking don't cry don't cry
don't cry she wanted to look like a man
or something
mmm she was crazy but I feel pretty good
now is she - I'll name that movie hello
bubble wrap may be the best invention
ever next - sliced bread oh they're
little bundles of joy but they can
remind me of zits disgust you you'll
never look at bubble wrap the same will
you doubt it
oh my god I bet you don't know what this
is nobody has these anymore nobody
you're thinking Connor I know it does
everybody has everything I'm not not
black
shut up mm-hmm you don't know what these
are is our city's multi colored frisbees
yeah bet you never thought about that
before have you Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles oh but yeah
was thrown everything today sweat
behaved thing to me Christmas is okay
well this has been a bunch of random but
I thought my best videos whoa
my camera just died which means I have
to go because I'm recording for like 12
minutes last time I asked you guys why
is the sky blue now I'm gonna ask you
what's that over there leave your
creative responses in the comment
section below and the next ones will be
in the next video I really need a jingle
for that did he hit okay guys check me
out a Tumblr Facebook Twitter second
channel whatever you want to do just
don't mind anything in my second channel
I'm doing daily puns
it's like my daily cheesy pick-up lines
but with puns yeah everybody loves a
good pun blah okay boy some people these
days they don't even know this
