don't look at me hey what's up you guys
it's Connor
hello wanna I haven't talked to you in
so long
swimmers hair so you know today I have a
couple things that you talk about first
one being finals and I'm approaching the
end of my first semester of my college
career there's one thing holding me back
from being home finest they suck not fun
but you gotta do them yeah so basically
the last couple days there's been me
studying my brains out okay I lied I've
been playing Super Smash Bros it's just
such a fun game please tell me you know
a super smash bros as i just hit the
camera anyone anyone if you know comment
below it's pretty much the best game
cuba nintendo 64 game ever yes a final
suck the next thing is Christmas guys
Christmas is a week away repeat one week
I've bought almost no Christmas presents
and what'd you think about that sounds
horrible I mean Christmas is a week away
and I'm worried about buying people
gifts it's pretty bad that it's come
down to that but you know it's just so
much fun to get other people's stuff and
see the reaction awesome the thing I'm
looking forward to most about Christmas
is just going home away from college you
know getting a break and I get to see my
family and relaxing and by relaxing I
mean swimming twice a day and getting my
ass into shape because I need to do
better so much better I must win I don't
know what I'm winning but I'm gonna win
something because I will train hard oh
yeah remember that Christmas is about
family time and about making YouTube
videos so you get excited cuz there's
gonna be so many just a little hint go
to my second channel Marty doing daily
vlogs and in a week there'll be a lot
more and by a lot more I mean special
videos that have something to do with my
pickup lines that I used to do in the
summer but they're not but they'll be
just like them kind of okay and before
you go I have one more thing to talk
about and I do it with little jump cuts
because jump cuts are not meant for
serious matters okay so see
so I'm ready for this contest it's
called king of the web basically it's
just a bunch of people who do internet
type things like YouTube a lot of
youtubers do it and you get votes and
you vote for two weeks and the prizes
are anywhere from first-place get $7,500
ten place gets like a mystery prize or
it's somewhere not like hundred bucks
for ninth place and you put yourself in
a category anywhere from my comedy to
makeup tutorials to all you know stuff
and I put myself in comedy yeah yes I'm
kind of funny or something that I don't
really know whatever maybe not probably
not at all no one likes me I'm not funny
yeah so I put myself in comedy and yeah
I really really need your help
stop don't think it's a bad thing or I'm
using you to do anything wrong or
anything difficult it's very very easy
all you do is you go to the link below
you make an account literally I'm gonna
tell you this I made an account a couple
days ago just to run for this contest it
takes like five seconds you type in an
email address a username and like a
password wait wait wait wait wait I know
you're thinking email address equals
spam emails no they send you an email to
confirm that it's your real email
address that's it
they welcome you to the site and that's
it that's all you get don't worry you
won't get spammed so it's literally
you're just making an account on this
website to vote I promise so you get to
vote 10 times a day and it's for two
week I'm making this video a little late
because the contest start I think two
days ago so yeah we need to catch up
I think I'm currently like at 11th place
and top ten get prizes yeah it would be
super super awesome to get prize for
this because I would love to raise money
to go to VidCon 2012 in August and meet
a bunch you guys spider if I weren't
able to make enough money for that then
I would just use it towards college
because my parents are paying for my
college education and I would really
love to help them as much as I can so
the more money I get the more money I
can put towards college so that would be
super awesome and super helpful so I
don't worry I'm not gonna use it on like
you know video games or anything like
that that most people probably want us
use it on it's for the greater good for
the education of the youth of America
just do it it'd be sauce her email
address you have you can make an account
hint did he intent I'm not gonna say
people have made four accounts for me
and voted 40 times a day
but I'm also not gonna say they have it
so yeah this has been a very long video
already but I'm just gonna let you guys
go so I really hope you guys vote for me
because I know this contest takes
numbers but I know I have a really good
core group of subscribers that are
really really loyal and you know are
really really really really good
subscribers I can't think of any like
really good words right now I'm saying
is good good good I know you guys are
good and just great people so I think we
can do this I think we can get up there
hopefully crack top ten if not top five
would be amazing so go vote your brains
oh because it's only two weeks long and
I know everyone's like Christmas break
so I know everyone has those couple
minutes a day just to go do this so yeah
please and if you do let me know in the
comments below and or tweet me it if you
tweet me it I'll respond to your tweet
and I'll you know say thanks and if you
ask the question or something I'll
definitely answer your question and you
know if you keep going I'll have
conversation with you of course because
I'd love to talk to you guys okay
I'm gonna go um yeah I got to go play
Super Smash Bros hey sorry and I gotta
go study too and all that other stuff so
um yeah I'll see you guys later and we
expect more videos later this week for
Christmas and later the next week and
all that other stuff so okay yeah go
subscribe my second channel the Twitter
