does your girlfriend hey what's up you
guys it's Connor and a home and I
haven't seen your faces in like a month
I missed you what's new I'm pretty good
I mean Thanksgiving break is freaking
awesome and now that Thanksgiving is
over you know what that means I'm so
excited
everybody who's excited but yes so
basically I'm just chillin eatin cake
pretty much every day joy Norma's quite
thing I'm comparable to an elephant and
we're not talking the baby elephants in
other news look what I bought today I
bought the Steve Jobs book at Target
look 30% off great deal and I'm so
stoked to read this because Steve Jobs
is one of my biggest inspirations so we
sent it to learn more about him they
already know and yeah in other other
news I love my macbook so much in other
other other news does anyone else have a
bigger problem is remembering people's
names as I do I came out very fast and
very cluttered cluttered in words and I
mean this real do you ever like does
someone tell you their name and then you
forget like two seconds later like it'll
just happen just like oh hi I'm Kim
maybe like oh hey and then like two
seconds later they're just walk away and
then you'll be like wait a minute
shim BM Tim Lim wait I got it it was
Gertrude I just heard a weird noise it
was my sister Vicky another cake stop
Oh God German chocolate can Germans know
their cake and their trains and their
greeting cards that you didn't know that
what and now Carl will resume the rest
of the show
say hello to Carl everyone my name is
Fang see what I mean with names oh ok
guys but I better go I love you no not
you you I like you not you
you last video I asked you wait what I
asked you ok so my new common question
is why is the sky blue leave your
creative responses in the comments below
and the funniest ones will be in the
next video I don't want to just realize
that rhymes I'm so clever
ok so you guys I gotta go but before I
do why
I'm gonna go eat my cake like a fatty
