whoa hey what's up you guys it's Connor
and I thought I'd make a random vlog you
have no idea how close I am to this
camera literally I am this close to your
faces strong like bull
hmm peanut butter but where's the jelly
so do you know what I am I'm what they
call a bad test taker study for six
hours have no idea what I'm doing once I
get to the actual test
quite annoying you have no idea why so
serious
so random every time I have to found one
of these videos I have to turn off all
the fans too many fans are in my room
one two three three fans it's a lot and
it kind of sucks because there's really
nowhere to film in here so every time
you get to see this you get like the
same type of background situation no I
mean I could show you my food that's
right behind you but then you guys would
be concentrating on the food because
food is delicious and stuff delicious
nutritious yeah yeah I love me some good
coffee
it's an addiction and the camera just
shifted you have no idea
I just put coffee on the ground what if
my roommate finds out we still like me
these are the things I wonder along with
many things about cats and burritos
pasta shells sometimes I wonder what
would happen if all the animal crackers
came to life would they have
personalities and feelings I don't know
but I care do you care I make it rain
you couldn't see that but I was just
making it rain with coffee it's normal
okay I is done here
Oh si o si que pasa hombre so I hope you
guys have a really good weekend
um yeah how do we hope it's good for you
and I might do a little special blogging
on there so you maybe you guys look
forward it okay
go subscribe to my second channel I
meant putting up daily vlogs very very
soon
