well this is different
hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
oh my god I'm home
yeah so I'm on a little break and I'm
home for the weekend
I'm pretty excited oh and by the way
that intro you just saw yeah that
awesome one that was made by this guy
right here
oh hi I'm Doug yeah check them out
because he makes pretty incredible stuff
still right here I'm waiting for you to
click it awesome guy awesome you guys I
think that brings the awesome count up
to like five now yeah but hey how you
doing I'm quite delicious right now
thanks for asking
oh and hey I think I forgot to tell you
I made it into that collab channel so
for another link click right here and go
to cool collabro yeah again it's the
right here go subscribe you know you
want to come on come on do it yeah so
I'm Tuesday on cool collabro and yeah
you should definitely go check that out
because I'll be on there every Tuesday
and if I don't have a video on here I'll
for sure up a video on there every week
I mean that's just blowing your mind
right now because it's blowing my mind
yeah awesome
two-six yes so a new little thing I'd
like to start I still have this so a new
little thing I'd like to start it's like
just showing you guys a couple things
that I've been interested in this week
the first one is this song the song is
playing in the background call it girl
by Jason Derulo yeah my new favorite
song so you should definitely go check
that song out links in the downbar along
with everything else I talked on this
video if you don't use it's so catchy
the next thing I like to talk about is
this girl yeah this one so for anyone
who watches the x-factor I don't her
name is Rachel Crow and I just found her
video last night and
I saw on tumblr ever and it was freaking
awesome oh my god so she sings I found
her a boy by Beyonce and I don't know
why it just it was so good it was so
good so you guys should definitely go
check that out too because it was crazy
good and I don't it was just so crazy I
was just like jittery and the third
thing is Halloween I mean for K
Halloween's coming up and I love it
because my favorite part of Halloween is
that all those scary movies are gonna be
on TV and I'm just pump at love scary
movies they're not scared me but they're
just awesome I love scary movies so I'm
gonna be watching those all weekend and
you get to carve pumpkins candy it's
just an overall good time but yeah but
yeah basically yeah so to continue off
the last video time for a question my
question is what do you like leave your
creative gold in the comments below and
the ones that make me laugh the most
will be in the next video so tell me
guys so ray william johnson where have
you been
okay I hope you guys have a good weekend
and you guys have fun and you guys do
stuff in I don't even know because I
mean they're like Andy and I are gonna
do a pies and they're never Halloween
and oh my god
