hey what's up you guys is gonna owe me
God a different setting is my dorm room
yeah so at college so I moved into
college like three weeks ago and I
haven't made a video sorry but it's
actually way more difficult than I
thought it would because you like are
constantly doing stuff so I'm on the
cross-country team and that takes up
like an extra three hours which by the
way it's pretty difficult it's like
double the mileage that I'm doing
compared to high school but it's like
the best decision I've ever made in my
life i frickin love it yeah the guys on
the cross-country team are pretty
awesome very similar personalities to me
so yes so like college you I swear I
have no time like I'm constantly doing
something if it's homework running just
hanging out with friends
I don't know I'm cuz like you constantly
around people so you like always there's
always something to do and like people
are always around so it's like
impossible to film I don't know I mean
right now let's freakin eat something in
the morning actually it's like night
yeah it's not tied to it I just got done
with my calc class and by now a lot of
people already you know off during their
stuff so I thought today would be a good
day to do this not gonna lie I also miss
all of you yeah yeah you right there
I missed you gingka so basically some
little things about College moving day
equals if you on the first floor you
good you on the top floor mats X cos he
need to move all this stuff in your room
including your lofts by the way I've
never slept so close to the ceiling in
my life every morning you wake up you
have to like copy like inches from the
ceiling so you need to like be careful
cuz if you like wake up and sit up you
just hate your face so that's different
laundry's a bitch I ain't never really
done either like I've done laundry but
I've never had to do it consistently so
that's ugh and basically you eat
anything in sight it really doesn't
matter what it is if it's free eat it so
you just beat a bunch of snacks pretty
much all the time and you order feet so
ah another thing would be if you're a
guy and you're bringing a girl back to
your room for any sort of reason even if
it's just a friend or sibling or
anything you bring her
everyone just like pops under their dorm
room is just like oh I gene really
doesn't matter here still matters to me
but for a lot of the guys know it
doesn't matter
another great thing about my college is
people smoke hookah like 24/7 whoo cuz
that stuff that's like it's like a pipe
out it's like a bass pipe thing and then
you like have pipes more having you like
smoke out of it I don't know ok so I'm
already been talking for a while and I
kind of want to cut this short you talk
for like five six minutes so that's me
yeah I'll be updating more frequently
hopefully because this wasn't so bad I
thought it'd be kind of weird talking in
one room because I know there's people
over there and people all over so I
thought it'd be kinda weird but it's
really not that weird
College is fun I'm enjoying it it's very
very different from high school but at
the same time very very awesome but yeah
I will definitely see you guys later all
my links are below if you want to do
anything with that and yeah go to my
channel if you haven't done that already
I don't know I don't know all that stuff
that people say to get you to do stuff
but only do it if you want to only do it
if you want to talk to your professor
okay see you later good boy
yeah that's what it is
so I Drive the next one
