we've had a long ride 365 8766 five
hundred and twenty five thousand nine
hundred and forty nine thirty 1 million
five hundred and fifty six thousand nine
hundred twenty six those numbers all add
up to one thing the time we spent
together days hours minutes seconds
we've been together for a while and this
is my tribute to you happy one-year
anniversary YouTube channel it's not
like so much longer I feel like we've
been together forever so everyone knows
that the one-year anniversary Mike
Mike's a dance party it's common
knowledge in places such as Finland
Argentina so here we go
it was the VSS Connor truck okay yeah so
yeah one year one year today I have been
on YouTube or one year I think that I've
been making videos I don't know if it's
officially though yeah so one year and
it's really cool all of you that have
subscribed and followed me for however
long amount of time you're in a short
amount of time whatever you've been
thank you very much
couldn't have done oh my god I almost
just bought my stool couldn't have done
any of this without you oh my god why is
your heart in my room on a note that no
one wants to talk about but I want to
talk about it we're gonna talk about
school okay so this is the time of year
where everyone starts to go back to
school
there's the losers that have already
been going to school for three weeks and
the cool kids who won't be going for
another couple weeks until you get to
about May and then those losers turn
into the cool kids because they get out
way earlier than everyone else and those
cool kids turn into the losers it's a
never-ending cycle so all of you who are
in school don't feel bad you guys got
the one up on us they would get to go in
like the front off for another week
don't worry about it oh yeah you good to
go back to school how exciting tell me
about it you get to go see your favorite
kid with mustache that teacher who just
doesn't smell right or the and
ho-bags who walk around school with
nothing on but a tank top and socks
every school has them this lighting is
amazing am I just not going so I wanted
to talk about quickly one more thing and
that wouldn't be Facebook so recently
since I was going after college I
deleted a lot of my Facebook friends it
had to happen you know those little 10
year olds that request you on Facebook
and you to climb them cuz you're like uh
I feel like a pedophile yeah those gifts
so I accepted that of a long time ago
but now I deleted them because I feel
wrong having them as my friends I really
feel like having the mesh renderers
oh yeah so I always have wondered that
ever like when you delete someone as a
friend do they mean it
speaking of feel if you're wondering why
there's two hands caressing my chest
this is a 303 shirt
I liked 303 before there were mainstream
I'm a hipster we're talking about oh
yeah so I wonder if they feel when you
delete them if they just get this joking
in there hurt I don't know why I just
said Jay King but you know what I need
so it's literally just like you're on
the computer and you're going through it
and then you're like up mmm Bobby Nelson
mmm no no click and then they're just
like yeah that's what I wonder okay um
yeah I just wanted to make a video for
my one-year thank you yes
and the next video I will make will be
up at college I'm also looking forward
to that super awkward moment I have to
tell my roommate that I make youtube
videos that'll be fun and most likely
both my cross-country team and swim team
will find out about it yeah that'll be
fun but okay that's all I want to say so
I hope you guys have a really good
