sorry about this
lighting it's like cool but also maybe
annoying the other week something
interesting happened around me not to me
so the other day I was walking to a
coffee shop is on my phone not really
paying attention to my surroundings I
was walking up the street and the coffee
shop was going to be am i right in front
of me was probably like a 29 year old
woman also on her phone so we were both
walking up the street not really paying
attention when a homeless man to the
left of us goes do either of you have a
dollar it's not that I caught either of
us off-guard I think we just weren't
paying attention is literally wrapped up
in our phone but I was far enough behind
the lady that it was more just to her
than to me so she stops looks up from
her phone looks right at the man and
just in a very very kind way says oh I'm
so sorry I don't have any money or any
cash I'm assuming she man but like made
direct eye contact with him stop what
she was doing didn't kind of mumble and
walk by and then the homeless man said
the lady says oh that's fine sweetie but
thank you so much for acknowledging me
thank you so much for treating me like a
person have a nice day and she smiled
and kept walking and I at that point had
basically walked by her it wasn't until
later that I really thought about that
moment and then for some reason it had
some sort of large impact on me the way
he said it obviously meant that other
people don't treat him like a person
which is incredibly heartbreaking when I
think about it back in my mind and maybe
I'm picturing it differently he did seem
genuinely shocked that she paid
attention to him and genuinely looked
for what he asked for it made me really
it made me I don't know it made me like
sad but also was a good reminder that
we're all people it really made me sad
to think that some people don't feel
like people just because of who they are
I don't know if that makes sense but it
really struck me and reminded me to
treat everyone the same and that's like
a basic lesson you learn as a child to
treat people equally treat others the
you want to be treated at the core of it
everyone just wants respect and everyone
wants to just be treated as a mature
individual so yeah I don't know that was
just an interesting thing that happened
to me I guess if I want you guys to take
away anything from this that's just to
rethink how you see certain people
rethink the stigmas attached to some
people rethink the stereotypes attached
to other people
we all have adjectives and traits that
make us different but at the core we're
all the same I just have been thinking
about the story for weeks after it
happened so I just I had to tell you
guys that I hope editing this that makes
sense have you guys ever had an
interaction like that that kind of stuck
with you super small something that I
think most people probably won't have
even noticed let me know in the comments
um we'll also I could plug because my
books coming out in like a week if you
want to go pre-order my book the link
will be down below if you want to see me
in person on tour I'm going to 27
different cities 25 in the US and 2 in
Canada I believe note to self tour calm
yeah let's pretty much it love you guys
and I will talk to you later bye
