hey I'm look into buying a washer so
what kinds of washers do you guys have
do you have any that you recommend well
I live in a small apartment yeah I live
in a small apartment by myself and I
just need something um probably a top
loader no no no wait no a front loader
front loader well say how how many
people could you fit in a big one
people like say yes cuz I I'm just
wondering based upon my size could you
fit me in it yeah
do you have any that you could fit a
person in well my old one could fit like
this is just a guesstimate like like 17
cats in it do you have any that could
fit yeah this is a real call yeah
okay um what said you have a brand that
you recommend what about LG yeah what
colors do you have in those LG's do you
have any like a teal okay cuz I'm kind
of a teal guy if you know what I mean so
it would go with like red walls okay
okay so how much does that cost again
yeah okay
is there a negotiable thing for that
yeah like can we barter okay bye okay
guys so that was my first attempt at a
prank call I mean obviously she she got
on pretty quick
I mean cats cats in a dryer I think I
think you think I think that cot door
yeah so um that was funny so um yeah and
teal I'm not really a teal guy anyway
and obviously I don't live in an
apartment okay hope you guys enjoyed
that if you want more prank calls maybe
longer ones that I can't give myself
away so quickly and that would be so
rude I mean jeez she got behind me what
is my complaint and I'm gonna write a
complaint that's bye
um yeah that was just quick video so if
you guys liked that let me know and
maybe I'll do some more yeah thanks for
watching kiss your newborn
