it was tough you guys it's Connor so
basically I took a few trip so I was
running one day and I decided to run to
like the tip top of like my city and I
found this spot and doesn't it just look
so gorgeous
it's kind of hard to see but like right
down there my city city it's really
really small market talent and yeah it's
just really really pretty up here not to
mention the weather's like 70 degrees
partly cloudy looks sunny right now but
there's clouds and yeah it's breezy
obviously so I'm sorry if any of this is
really like you know you can't hear me
but yeah I just have to take the
opportunity to film up here because it's
so freakin beautiful yeah there's really
no point to this it's just kind of like
a quick vlog because again it's just so
really pretty up here and it was such a
nice day I mean I had a really nice day
and I thought hey I want to talk to a
camera and buy camera I mean yes the
wind we know you're here speaking of my
hair
I gotta get a haircut tomorrow and I
know how you guys feel about that
yeah don't like it well you know I have
to own before I go to college which is
the 28th by the way yeah don't worry I
won't be like really different I'm just
gonna have her flatten it more I mean
it's it's just so po'pay transition I
just had a more I just realized that I'm
talking to myself in like this huge
field of nothing it's just me and that
bird all alone up here and that one
and all the bugs and probably like the
bazillion snakes that are in these weeds
right around me and spiders oh my god
not spiders Zack yeah so um don't worry
it'll be actual video this Sunday so any
of you who are new I don't do stuff like
this all the time even though this is
really really really nice
look forward to that so you guys should
definitely go check out my Twitter
Facebook Tumblr dailybooth t-shirts I
don't know you know all the use oh and
my second channel to forget about that
which is really weird that forget about
that because I'm actually putting up
videos everyday on that now
hint hint hint I'm doing like oh I'm
doing like these daily cheesy pick-up
line things so you actually go check
those out get pretty funny speaking of
which I think I'm going to film one
right after this up here but yeah you
actually definitely follow me on Twitter
and stuff though that's like the big one
because I seriously post up Twitter
updates all the time and it'd be so nice
to have like people responding to me
stuff because but I might like work and
it's really when you help you guys here
when I'm at work and I'm really bored
I literally just like pull my phone and
read Twitter so if you guys you know
send something to me just so random
anything or even like a picture for me I
had like three I think pictures drawn
for me like buh buh buh buh buh maybe
they'll be up there I hope I can find
them I'm pretty sure I have them saved
they're so cool and this girl like um
yesterday I know her Twitter name is
five days of summer she sang a song for
me she's saying a Taylor Swift song and
like changed the words a little bit so
that it fits like my relationship with
YouTube and ionship with her and like my
fans and stuff and it was so cool
link will definitely be able because
that was so cool like now you know I'm
joking actually you know what link will
be right hurr
I'll be right here in this beautiful
open space right here like the beautiful
song that it was and the beautiful voice
that you had so yeah you should
definitely go check out my Twitter and
follow me and then I'll um I post up all
the time and I'll definitely respond
- anything you sent me as long as it's
not just like y'all comment on one of my
things but I'll definitely respond to it
but yes so this is kind of awkward but
not at all because it's freaking amazing
up here and yeah
so Doug million times but just is where
she wants to see the full effect
good thing my canon which by the way
this is very long overdue but my canons
name is Nick Nick Cannon hello introduce
yourself to the crowd fist bumps you
know boom boom handshake whatever it's
Nick yeah so basically I just forgot to
tell you and I did don't worry I counted
the votes Nick one and the two guys
chosen okay so I've definitely been
recording really long and I gotta go
help my mom make some dinner so yeah I
will see your beautiful faces later on
this week I'm gonna go back to doing
that advice stuff I used to do he said
it's gonna be a little bit different my
advice to you guys is you know smile
because you're having a great day just
think about everything that's happened
today and think about how good it's been
and just smile with little things you
know live laugh love all that stuff and
I meet that seriously I'm not trying to
make a joke so do it
comment below a smiley face if you
smiled during this video okay
I'm gonna end with some random clips
that I took on the way up here so okay
see you later bye Heather Jordan
mr. halen
you can take everything you can forget
everything
like a mate
you wanna try
you
