premature hello
brilliant hey what's up you guys it's
Connor hello it's been a while so yeah
people stuff you guys it's Connor ready
said that thought I'd make a normal
video yes I know I've been posting the
vlogs but I mean like I feel the same as
I do the sunday video doesn't feel right
so yeah I've been posting vlogs for like
I think today's day 9 so that means Mike
halfway also post that one tonight
probably after this one so I can go
check that out a link will probably oh
yeah yeah I just wanted to make the
video and you want to make the video
about what the title says okay so I'm
reading The Hunger Games books I'm sure
you've heard of them maybe not read them
but heard of them and they are so
freakin good
I mean I'm not one to get into books
like really I don't get into books but
these books are just so freakin good
okay so there's three books and I've
already read two of them and I'm on my
third and the first two were so good
like seriously if you mcbarns an ohm or
something right near you right now to go
go buy them go buy them and read them
where's it all but seriously these books
like combined all good things into a
book there's like action like no other
there's killing I don't know if that's
something you
books but I love action and killing the
creepy way but a little bit yeah so it
basically takes place in the future and
a different country I craft the
ministers of the P whatever country is
divided into twelve districts and the
districts have a thing called The Hunger
Games and the Hunger Games happens
annually each district has a drawing for
two people one boy one girl and boy and
girls are chosen and then they're all
brought to what's called the Capitol and
then they'll put into these Hunger Games
where they basically battle to the death
and whoever wins gets like money forever
yeah so basically you win you get to be
famous and rich and not have to worry
about things in life so naturally it's
awesome being the whole aspect of
fighting to the death at age by the way
their age is like 12 to 18 it's freakin
just crazy I mean most of you right now
are probably 12 to 18 just imagine
yourself going to arena and killing
people you know okay they really don't
kill people they know but oh they do
with you and all like at least one
person but either way you're killing
people your age they're freaking crazy
I'll say it again pickin crazy do you
guys need to go read these books I'm on
little thermal like I said and I'm just
flying through it I never read folks
really fast and I've read all these in
less than a week so you need to just do
it just go by them and read them here at
the connor franta youtube channel we
like to promote reading and other things
that make you learn get smarter so
that's just what I wanted to tell you
guys because they're freaking awesome
and I've said freaking a lot in this
video but I don't like jump into f-bombs
so freaking is better so that's really
all I'm gonna talk about for this
Sunday's video but I have a few
announcements so the first announcement
is that I just opened a district lion
store ya know like every youtubers doing
it in my district line store I have
three shirts currently but there will be
plenty more coming up I might even make
more tonight because I like had all
these ideas for shirts and stuff but
I've never really put any used to it and
it was I never thought any of you would
want to buy one
but they're really fun to me though I
thought why not just put them up in a
store so each shirt is $19.99 really
sorry that they're so expensive but I
can't do anything until like they quote
partner you because once they party you
can choose how much your shirts cost and
to do that you need a lot more followers
than I have so go about your friends
more followers cheapest shirts will be
but anyway so they're $19.99 and I mean
that's not horribly bad and pretty sweet
I will be making more shortly within the
week so just check back if you don't
like any of them I think you will and go
buy one or at least just look and the
next announcements would be not really
an announcement but it's just kind of
like the future some future videos I'm
gonna be doing would be at least two
music videos one having to do with the
title of this video in fitting it in and
I have like already two topics about for
like next Sunday's or even like if I
want to make a video this Wednesday's of
just stuff I want to talk about so don't
worry people we've got plenty of stuff
for this channel coming soon oh but I
still will be posting the rest of my
vlogs and if you for some reason you
don't like watching vlogs just ignore
them w videos coming just normal because
I know how some vlogs can be like me
really boring and long about stuff you
don't care about my arm seriously if you
ever watch my vlogs go watch them I
don't really like talk to a camera or
just like talk or you know minutes about
this I like to show something comment
something about it
show something constantly about it
usually they're really random things
like in the last one there's like a
kangaroo scrotum yes kangaroo scrotum so
you might want to watch them okay that's
it that's all gay people go check out my
second channel check out my Twitter
check out my facebook go check out my
district lines is all in the downbar
we're just like to say it's good to be
back
and I love you so much
okay see you bye
