hey what's up you guys Connor I'm still
in my laundry room past midnight yeah
some kind of whisperer this whole thing
because it's past midnight and there's
lots of people in my house I think they
can probably hear me and wouldn't want
to wake up but I must film a video
because tomorrow is Sunday or actually
today is Sunday and yeah okay so first
of all before I forget the top three
names that I picked for my camera this
thing right you are by the way there are
no particular order one Roscoe - Tyson
broom Nick get it like Nick Cannon
it's a canon camera it's really funny I
think okay so what I want you guys to do
is pick your favorite one on the three
Nick Tyson Orosco and comment below and
the one with the most common will be the
winner you will have a name cannon the
next thing I would like to talk about is
it really just kind of a thing I want to
mention or asked if you guys have any
good music or movies it you think I
should download for my trip to Australia
because it's like 36 hours of traveling
um comment down below as well because I
need some entertainment 36 hours is kind
of a long time and I get bored very
quickly so don't forget to do that okay
that's really all I need you guys to do
for this thing so you guys since the
back and just kind of watch theirs
today was literally just one of those
days so I worked at the pool one of the
pools I work at and just everything
seemed to funny today like no matter
what we said or when we said or what it
was about there just seemed too funny
you just laughed no matter what like we
kept quoting the YouTube video shoes
let's if Tim shows you know that one and
the honey badger YouTube video honey
badger don't care like I don't give
and every time it literally seemed too
hilarious to us it never got old like
I'm not even kidding you like we laughed
for it for like four hours by the way
during those four hours we also played
rummy 508 cupcakes I have a good job
we had another by the way we did that
yesterday too yeah and then I just
hopped granite parties and went to a
movie with some friends we hit up that
movie bridesmaids I know what you're
thinking
chick flick yeah girls you're almost
game
shut up it was really funny I have not
even rely like that movie was hilarious
you need to go see it no matter what you
are girl and boy wherever I don't care
$1 child it's hilarious there's just so
many funny one-liners and that movie is
just so funny better do you know there's
just one though there's this one like
manlier girl and then through he's one
of the bridesmaids and she's so funny
just literally she is she's like she has
like diarrhea during the movie she
steals nine puppies this really doesn't
make any sense but it's just so funny it
doesn't really go see it like seriously
coal right now coal right now what are
you doing to watch it go get some
friends and go watch uh yeah I just
found it weird again that I'm wrong yeah
I have a gift of shinny
so by the time you guys see this it will
mark one day telling leave Australia
because by the way I'm leaving Monday
night cuz I'm gonna stay overnight with
one with my own friend that's going with
me you have a statement like her and his
aunt on her it's a heat and we're gonna
go to the airport the next morning
because she was like five minutes from
the airport and I was gonna call their
bottome but uh boom we're gonna be there
but I'm being but a boomerang on our
flight and we're gonna go to Australia
well actually oh yes my flight plan so
we are going from Rochester Minnesota to
Detroit
and that's like one half hour flight
then we have a six-hour layover so you
need to sit in Airport for six hours
then we have a flight to LA which is
like a four hour flight but then we have
a five-hour layover in LAX and then to
top it all off we have like I think it's
like a 16-hour flight to Australia and
then we have like eight hours there and
then we go back to the airport
get on a plane and go to the Great
Barrier Reef which is another like four
hour plane ride I might be dead yeah I'm
probably gonna be dead but then we're
gonna be of creepy or even it's gonna be
super nice it's gonna be super sunny
with all the beaches and the Sun fish in
focus
well they're good never noticed that
Chris Brown makes music like every
freakin day think I kid you not I swear
I go on iTunes and I look through the
top 100 and he's in there with new songs
like every day granted they make no
sense but they do have a quite a catchy
beat but I don't get where he makes like
where does he produce all this stuff and
like like freaking hotcakes like
Starbucks produces coffee like Kwik Trip
produces Donuts like guinea pigs
produced guinea pigs you can do chipmunk
I'm sorry if I'm looking more like
fuller yeah because I have like my kid
my Canon camera has like a screen that
pops out to the side so I kiss my camera
just shut off on me as I'm saying my
canon has a screen over me and I can
like see myself so I keep looking at
that but I really should be looking at
you because you are the reason I'm
making this okay guys that's it it's all
I got for you I've been running this way
long enough make sure you comment below
about the camera name and the songs for
movies make sure you hit up my second
channel my Twitter my facebook all the
links are below and I'm gonna show them
rent a couple seconds after this video
along with watching the last video I
produced here on the fabulous YouTube it
will again be after this is done I will
see you guys in Australia because the
next time I will be filming I will be
there in Australia so get prepared the
days are gonna be long and the days are
gonna be short it's gonna be a surprise
every day get pumped get ready because
it's coming okay see you bye
