Wow hey what's up you guys this is
Connor so my voice is still you know
yeah I don't know if it sounds weird
right now cuz that you know I haven't
like it sounds weird when I talk but I
don't know if it sounds weird when
people listen so you know like when you
hear your voice over like a tape or
whatever and it sounds really weird do
you know but it doesn't tell me that
everyone else cuz that's what they
normally hear I don't know I don't maybe
that maybe that's maybe that's what's
going on right now but I don't really
know okay so I was just eating these
things they're like I don't know almonds
covered in some sort of cocoa or
whatever and that's one left so you
could see it let's just say they're
freaking delicious oh my god another
thing to talk about look at that
oh no don't I'm going look at that
probably angle look at my new channel
background do you guys like it I think
it's um I don't know why I can't like I
don't know I was just messing around a
photo shop one night I started making it
I freaking love it and I like my new
picture I don't know if this'll focus
goes against the camera I can't see
anything on BAM a new picture just says
hi no it speaks to you speaks to you I
like both of them
that's I got a video that's uh what's a
call still from one of my videos so i
really like it i like mighty general and
blue and more this is basically my
Twitter background wait go away there we
go that's basically my Twitter
background is this design I made that to
again I really like it I don't know but
it just really liked it one night I was
just home and I was just messing around
at Photoshop because I didn't want to go
out it was like I'd rather just stay
home tonight
and did that did that made those
beautiful creations and oh my god I love
them freakin love them but that is I
made my clothes are cool it's a good day
though so a good day I just had like the
senior what does it call begun
what does it call they don't remember
right now I have to look at the card
they gave us a card thing with a bunch
of our events on it what is it called
senior picnic huh I was gonna say senior
banquet with us tomorrow I don't know
why we have these things where's that a
senior picnic and we're just like you
should just play volleyball on crap so I
got a little bit of color
a little red little red I hate sunscreen
so I don't put it and I know it's bad
for me but I don't do it anyway oh well
there's great card everywhere oh my god
party and that was really fun the party
was fun I don't really know about him
too much to talk about so let's see
today mark setting it's like 12 days
till I go to Australia 2013 actually 13
till I leave to go to Australia and
probably who do not know I am going to
vlog every day in Australia for sure
hopefully because I'm gonna be hopping
around we're going to the Great Barrier
Reef we're going to New Zealand for a
little bit wearing me in Sydney
Australia but we're going around there
and hopefully they'll be you know some
sort of internet I don't know I'm
assuming you of Internet Australia does
the internet exists in Australia I don't
know I know you have kangaroos and
kangaroos picking I'm excited just for
those little things like Cape like just
to see a kangaroo I'm pumped I'm so
pumped to see just a kangaroo and maybe
like a koala or something crazy like
that oh my god be so much fun I'm so
excited but it's gonna be a hell of a
trip though I mean it's like the total
time from leaving from Minnesota to get
in Australia with all our layover z' and
our flights hopping places is like 32
hours oh my god might kill the person
I'm riding with sorry Jake oh I might
kill you if you're watching this cause
it's gonna be so long oh well we'll make
it fun and we will ride on a plane and
talk to stewardesses and make friends on
a 16 hour flight to talk to people with
accents we will try to kangaroo and jump
out of a plane and swim in the ocean and
as of now it is 3:07
I have practiced in 10 minutes so I've
ever got changed for that I have a
spaghetti dinner tonight for the
distance people on my truck team because
tomorrow we have sectionals
then I'm done with track thank God I'd
really don't like track it's not that
fun that's not that fun it's not that
fun so yeah well that's all I got to
know cats in this fog oh and I forgot I
need to say but yeah because I didn't
say that in my last couple of videos and
I figure out who it was it got mad and I
don't have time to check because I need
to go umm but yeah but yeah but yeah I
yeah again my camera's car
I need to purchase but I might because I
might be buying a new camera oh my god
sneak peek you don't know this okay
stealing
