camcording lights check em oh hey guys
it's Tyler and I'm in a corner with a
cat Oh give me what's good do it first
I'm gonna start off with something that
just happened to me so I was driving
down the road my medicare's team you
know she's just drive it just drive it
and I come to a stop and so I'm at a
stop sign and I'm turning right as I'm
turning my car shuts off what the f I
mean seriously
basically I flipped potatoes and
pancakes sausages like crazy what's
crazy pretty much said oMG WTF oh no not
lol it wasn't funny so then I just
pulled over I'm like seriously what just
have in my car why am I still sitting
like I'm driving so I just pulled over
and I'm like seriously we'll just have
in my car and it was all confused
long story short okay my car's good I
think apparently had a pothole and
apparently that just like when I'm do
the engine I'm not well first it's okay
okay we're all good
the second thing I would like to talk
about it applies to everyone
res cellphone antics snapper I repeat
never add more than one period at the
end of a sentence unless you somehow
don't get what they're saying or are
confuse or angry at them I don't know
just don't add more than one period
example me text no I've got my real fun
enough don't have my real phone we're
gonna do it imagine a four so me
Hey what are you doing friend nothing
mean we should go to a movie and then
hang out after friend okay dot dot dot
is it just me
weights that cuz I forget to eat that
when people do that cuz then I send a
text message back being like do you not
want to do this no I just thought I'd
anymore period so it's like what are you
talking about periods periods periods
but yeah that freaking pisses me off
don't do it do it next thing number
three bathrooms something that annoys me
about being in the bathroom say at
school be in like a park restaurant you
get the idea so you're in the bathroom
by the way the bathrooms consist of more
than one stall and you get it then
you're like oh yes the bathroom is empty
is it just me who loves to go to the
bathroom when there's no one else in the
room I mean it's just much better calmer
lighter overall more peaceful so you're
like yes I'm excited I'm faster by
myself sounds weird more people like
that but that's true that's when I go
through my head seek it down to start
you your business then the door opens
good sound effect I know as I would say
crew door opens then the people get in
there and for some reason they pick the
stall right next to you do you realize
that if there's only two stalls they
obviously have to pick one of those but
for some reason people feel the need to
pick the stall right next to I don't
know why I never do that then you just
feel super awkward cuz there's a person
next to you you don't want to make any
noises you know what I'm talking about
noises in general choices you make when
you go oh
but yeah so that annoys me so I just
wanted to give you guys a couple rants
today moral of the story it sucks when
your car breaks down too many periods
equals one pissed-off person pooping
alone is the best born boom Toby yes
that is it for today okay so coming this
Sunday to a theater near you is my new
video about my senior break not gonna
tell you too much about it because I'm
just ruins friends so look forward to it
okay people down for the outro so don't
forget to go to my second channel after
this go to watch my last video go to my
facebook page go to my Twitter page and
you liked it subscribe to me good stuff
okay see you bye
