I'm waiting for the repair person to get
here
my room is fucking hot an $11 fight
remember it was fucking cock truly the
last thing I want is not me firing
that's the chair conveying its heart
charm today I'll be playing the part of
the angsty high school team mom I
specifically asked for a Range Rover not
a fucking BMW and see successfully
ordered room service
ate something from the minibar and sound
of the chocolate bar the fucker my
handstand where is this with man I'm
sweating
it's still the chair my body is having
so many issue guys I'm so happy to
announce my third book how to card I had
a match I would light it on fire and
then let myself on fire this is one of
those hotels that writes people named
Bowman that's a welcome flank to our
hotel they forgot that I was going in
here and they named me and Tom I'm gonna
give you five seconds to tell me one
thing
that fucking chocolate I keep saying
fucking my mom is just going to be livid
I'm in a different country she can't
reach me because I'm so happy to
announce mine United in cover there's me
Photoshop does wonders oh here I found
my own butt
you forgot aqui chronicles continuing
you know who she is by lonely in London
the three day I guess make the best of
it okay I shouldn't be eating room
service and staying a memo that I like
they have they don't come fix this air
conditioning I'm going to beat myself
suppose
the war is over
1 1 3 million children 3 I'm gonna go
I'll be so much for my balance
get out of my hotel room
