hey what's up you guys Connor
every damn day vlogging on a flip cam
I'm vlogging on a flip cam oh my
goodness if it's good to me I painted my
moustache
I use a second coat so not they used to
be that and now it's not that color
crazy my house hmmm that clock just got
fixed my dad gave those to my mom the
other day but he what is up people it is
Wednesday and Wednesday means the weekly
vlog and like I said I'm vlogging on my
new flip cam Thank You Vince
Thank You Vince me do say it again cuz I
love my flip cam it's so cool so
portable um let's see you went on this
morning I had an AP test my last one
thank God it went okay I just kind of
was like you know whatever and the deal
was for my AP English class since we're
done with our tests it's kind of gonna
be really easy in those classes from now
on so today we watched Mulan and then
we're gonna continue watching until
we're done then we're probably watching
another movie or something we can love
Mulan freaking love it Milan is like the
best Disney movie I mean they're they're
all really really close because I I love
Disney movies not gonna lie Disney
movies are some of my favorite movies i
watch Disney movies over and over and
over with my friends and they never get
old I mean they just never get old
they're so funny they have funny or - as
you get older because you get the
references like have you ever have you
really watched it if you have you
haven't ever you watch Disney movies
like like you haven't seen them for
years then you watch them now and you
get the humor
like some of the humor is kind of it's
kind of crude in a way and then Disney
movies like just kind of throwing in
there and when you're a kid you don't
really notice but when you're older it's
kind of it's really funny because you
actually understand it I don't know it's
just crazy some of those things some of
those things crap um itself a few tests
there are a bunch of pencils and pens
and whatnot
and then our sweet flowers all over my
house okay there's some fake ones I
don't know if it's a flower that's just
a plant there's a sour isn't small
really good and that's a dead flower
dead it's so nice out
yesterday it was 89 degrees in Minnesota
and the day before that it was like 50
something it was the weirdest weather
ever and I had to run I ran like four
miles in it I was horrible I was crazy
sweating and lightheaded just wanted to
quit but I didn't because I'm a boss
like a boss like a boss every damn day
yeah I do what my shirt says but okay
people it's really all I got for you
oh that reminds me um I don't know what
reminded me but it did this weekend I am
going to be gone most weekends so we'll
probably just do another vlog I know you
guys like the vlogs too so I don't think
you guys know care and then next weekend
is my grand party I think I'll still be
able to put up though are not next week
on the weekend f that is my grand party
so I'll still be able to put up probably
some sort of video some sort of video
isn't some sort of edited video probably
not a vlog unless you guys want to walk
let me know below if for some reason you
want a vlog you want me to like tape
getting ready for the grand party and
then show you all the stuff or whatever
because there's plenty of stuff I can
show you about that it's gonna be hectic
full of food for the people full of
whatever I won't be taping at the party
but I can tape well maybe I'll take
something at the party yeah I can
probably take some with party but if you
want that let me know below otherwise
I'll just make some skit up this week
and from next week or whatever so we yes
sir
and let's see today marks I have chase
Wednesday I have 12 days left of school
and then it's summer and there's so much
fun stuff is gonna happen this summer
you guys are gonna love it I am gonna
love to have so much fun
and I'm gonna take you guys with me
wherever I go because now I'm a flip cam
and it's just super easy to do that now
I'm gonna do that I'm gonna do that um
so everybody who is new because there's
got some news
oh god no I keep first keeper money I
was in a collab video with s colliding
it's his name is like really looks
really weird because there's like
capital non capital capital capital so
boom it's on the screen go click that go
to his channel and the video that should
be on the main page should be our collab
video that we did watch it if you liked
it give her a thumbs up show him some
support and watch his other videos he's
a funny guy subscribe to him I feel like
his stuff it's got a bunch of he does a
bunch of good music videos and stuff
good stuff
he did a recent one where he danced in
the Apple Store which takes guts I think
that takes guts I would love to do that
so next time I'm in Apple Store maybe
I'll do an apple star dance because I've
always wanted to do that they look fun
it looked fun and I really don't care if
you think so I'll do it I'll do one I'd
be awesome to do one if you had like a
group of people like a group it'd be
like a flash mob but so the links still
up there go click it go to his channel
and watch that video also put it in the
down bar for when the video ends so go
do that go do that right after this
video or right now do it do it do it but
okay I lost my train of thoughts but
that it's about eight people I've got a
Facebook page I'm on Twitter go check
those out go check out my second channel
put up random videos on there yeah more
me yeah I'll see you guys later
see there
