hello I'm Connor Franta and this is Sam
Sam has no home Sam
she's leaving this is not working out
Sam so hey what's up you guys it's got
her that was my attempt on one of those
commercials you know those commercials
that they like have animals on the TV
and they show all their sad faces
all the different angles in the sad
music in the hard photos I hate that I
absolutely hate that they make you feel
like you're such a bad person for not
calling and giving them money yes
everyone feels bad for those animals yes
everyone looks at the TV is just like
all the sad animals you know all that
stuff and everyone wants to donate but
they shouldn't make you feel like you're
a bad person if you don't everyone has
different situations people can donate
you know but some people can't so why
make them feel bad for it I just oh god
I hate those commercials and that was my
rent for the video but hey what's up so
my parents are gone you wondering why I
think they're wondering why do you think
they're wondering why I just said I
think they're wondering why shut up I
know I've got a fact oh yeah so my
parents they're on their 25th
anniversary
you know like vacation type things so
they're in Hawaii lucky they didn't take
me with ya no that's okay I they deserve
it I mean 25 years jeez it's a long time
so they're and why right now so it's
just me and my brother and our two cats
I have to include them they're people
you know cats people are in the house
he's not in the house he's actually
watching the Packer game why am I not
watching the Packer game you may ask
well it's cuz I hate football yeah I
said it you know fight about it cuz I
hate it yeah yeah but seriously I just
don't really care about football um I
guess I'll care to see who wins but not
really at the same time what was I
talking about oh yeah so my parents are
gone they're on vacation and we're here
alone for a week yeah week know what
you're thinking
get crazy meanwhile let's party get loud
if you wanna have
do something if you wanna have time to
do something I'm not like I don't throw
parties my parents are out I do nothing
yeah everything goes on the same the
same why am i moving my hands like this
effect so the reason this video is not
some fancy scene thing whatever is
because I already filmed a video today
and I just didn't I kind of ran out of
time I mean it's almost four o'clock and
I haven't uploaded a video yet which
means not good because I want to upload
something for you guys I can upload a
really fancy video because I worked on
another one and you'll know sometime I
think this week what that one is for see
I'm not gonna tell you a lot about it
cuz it's a surprise but basically I'm
getting a shout-out from someone that
has a lot of subscribers and people that
watch his videos and it could be really
good for my channel and I'm really
really excited about it so I'm just
gonna leave it at that because I want to
keep the suspense rollin for you guys
and I will definitely let you know
though probably the weekly vlog where to
go to see that video yeah exciting I
twitch I love me some broccoli
slow-motion hair flip 3 - what
okay now that I've probably officially
creeped out the neighbors as there is a
window to my left I'm probably gonna go
so I will see you on Wednesday for the
weekly vlog and for the big updates to
come get ready get pumped okay
