it's my birthday yeah hey guys what's up
it's cutter and today is my birthday
whoa and do you know what happens when
you turn 11 check it out
oh look mail
boring bill test results
I'm gonna accept it no oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god it even has the
official Hogwarts stamp it works what is
it hey oh my god I got it open I got
open it oh cool
dear mr. Franta oh that's me
you've been accepted to Hogwarts School
of Witchcraft and Wizardry no I'm just
kidding you guys but for real it is my
birthday today I'm not 11 I am 18 even
though like maybe look 11 - some of you
itches but yeah
so it's my birthday I'm super excited
and I'm home alone see here's the deal
yesterday my family left to go visit my
brother and sister at college but I had
to take the a CT from my a CT video you
know the thing I was super excited for
well they went to go visit them and I
wish take the acct
and now with my birthday so I am home
alone and my cats meowing shut up
Jenna uh be right back I fixed the
problem
just kidding sort of so the acct went
well I mean it's the a CT so it was ever
if you guys have taken it you know you
don't know you don't get results for
three weeks so I think it went well but
the results may differ with what I think
transition guess what I got in the mail
my real Harry Potter wand yeah so I
ordered a real wand like a week ago look
it even says Oliver hinders from the
Harry Potter theme park in Orlando and
yeah it came and it's awesome so
naturally I want to test this baby out
let's do it
not quite how I thought it would go but
hey it works kind of I bet you wish you
had a defective one like me well guys
it's all I've got for you today don't
forget to give this video a thumbs up
how about a question what's the best
thing you've ever done on your birthday
leave your comment below and since it is
my birthday I have one request hit that
subscribe button it would really mean a
lot to me thanks for watching see ya
