hey what's up you guys yes
I purely brought this flower in because
I realized it matches twins she's cute
but she needs water so I'll be right
back got to keep my baby and laughs got
to keep my baby laughs child I don't
know what that was to this week I wanted
to keep things light currently one of my
favorite things is boat runway if you
don't know what boat runway is it's
pretty much just a section on the boat
website all dedicated to the new seasons
of new clothing brands pretty much just
photos of new clothes that are coming
out in fashion and I love it this is
really not sponsored although I wish it
were I mean imagine being sponsored by
code I absolutely love clothes so it's
just so fun for me to see what designers
are coming up with but the fun part
about fashion is that some things are
really really weird fashion is
amazing a lot of the time other times
it's just really experimental so today
we're just going to critique some
strange clothing designs designers
trends candy no vogue runway Alexander
McQueen it's the best thing ever all you
do is click and you just look at
fashion I love it
Alexander McQueen is very into braiding
this is baseball chic it just looks like
a baseball although I don't hate it like
 also it's very it's very appealing
to her body shape it accentuates those
curves some sort of illusion of curves
oh and he's bringing back Castle you
know like those like leather jackets
that have like the tassels on the arms
and the tassels over the back I think
they're very 80s question mark III
mistahs awesome I love that oh me
up this is beautiful oh my god I am
looking at my computer screen by the way
I'm not just like looking at air oh my
goodness
this is stunning the color the texture
and all that belt because that belt goes
straight to the floor the waist is
cinched and the bubble is before I die
Oh quilted goddess this is like you're
done with Coachella and you have a
million
so you saw them together and you make a
look and then you take your friends
bandanas and you make another life I
don't like hate it it reminds me of my
grandma in the nicest way possible where
her hands go found then McQueen loving
these long belts and will say I've also
been loving long belts I went to the
Calvin Klein Fashion Show which I
already told you guys about but I got
dressed by my friends at Rochambeau and
they gave me this belt that was like two
feet too long and I'm like yes so I
guess long belts hanging down very
phallic like RN let's get out of here
let's go to a different one though
runway let's young Balenciaga I want to
lean who your ski liens let's see here
so the initial image is very
businesswoman poncho chic but like cool
I like the pattern I also really like
that kind of my lucky purple carry
periwinkle
periwinkle does she have a harmonica on
her ears
looks like Alexander McQueen snuck in
there and threw some antennas I like
that color though that kind of gold the
red is more poncho chic very poncho chic
OOP the Padre chic went leopard it was
too many damn oh I died who died that
pink with the green shoes oh my god I
love it I love I love I love I just love
contrasting colors so damn much that so
beautiful to look at that is that is
that yeah that one I think it the belt
looks like one of those things that you
like plant things with oh that sweater
oh my god I love that sweater I'm not
really into the whole look with that
sweater I just want to be engulfed by a
sweater eat new sweater I like that
though I would wear that to the
supermarket a new camel the new cam oh
my god those glasses are like the meme
glasses get to that goes to one more put
around my book around
I mean this one catches my eye oh I
don't know how to say that Driss vom
notan alright okay this is like smoking
jacket lumber party
art deco 80 year old she come into it
all those patterns
interesting I've definitely worn that I
love personally right now I love
high-waisted pants so and those aren't
like that high waist is but I love the
gait above the hip bone below the rib
pants comfy yes fashionable I thought
that that was the actors from Orange is
the new black for half a second and it
probably didn't help what they were
wearing orange I'm kind of into that
coat
but I'm only into it if it's faux fur if
it's real I'm done you're dead to me
drama in the neighborhood whoo I like
that texture that's so beautiful gray
with the blue and I'm sure it like
changes color depending upon the
lighting direction that's nice I'm into
that that's nice I'm into that so just
catch yourself legs up big you're like
what the am i doing lots of kooky
patterns or just kooky pattern fall 2017
the season of kooky patterns well that
was lovely she's back hope you guys
enjoyed that little video that's the
kind of I like that's what I do in
my free time is I look at stuff like
that it's so cool she has enjoyed this
video and you want more things like it
maybe maybe in a different way but a big
thumbs up click the like button leave a
comment down below perhaps tell me your
current favorite fashion trend also
while you're down there make sure to
click the link down below and go buy
tickets to my tour and going on tour to
27 different cities in a few weeks so if
you happen to be in any of those cities
come out come meet me come get a signed
book come walk through an art
installation tickets and info will be
down below also you can pre-order my
books my book comes out in like two and
a half weeks and that's really scary but
I'm not hope you guys are having a great
week love you lots
kyndra's video make sure to big thumbs
up leave comment below to contribute
into - bye
