okay what's up everyone this video like
last week is another big announcement I
feel like my YouTube channel has turned
into big announcement videos exclusively
what I do on YouTube is just announcing
like last week I I just want to cut
right to the chase if you're new to the
game I wrote a book and degree even
newer to the game I'm going on a tour
for that book it definitely didn't cover
quite all the area that I wanted to
cover there's a lot of landmass to be a
part of to want my body in as many
places that hungry so today I am very
happy to announce that I'm going on
another tour
I feel like Oprah like you get it or you
get a sewer you get it to her this tour
is a traditional venue and bus tour I'm
going to 18 different cities in about
four weeks I think it even less
technically my whole tour is oh god I'm
not a math 27 date 27 different cities I
believe I think I don't trust me it took
me a long time to think about what I
wanted to do on tour because I'm not
like a performer I'm not necessarily a
comedian although I do love a good dad
joke I do love to perform okay I'll see
myself out I didn't really know exactly
what to do but I knew that I wanted to
bring my book to like it's a very visual
emotional experience so I'm like how can
I bring that's a life by the way this is
the real copy of my book and I
absolutely love it because what it feels
like to have a child I'm assuming you're
beautiful and I love you and I accept
you for who you are the way that I kind
of made the tuer my own is that I'm
bringing the book to life in the form of
a moving Museum plus a stage show
discussion keynote and then also meet in
Greece as well kind of have like all of
these elements that are particular to me
and that I think really do the book
justice and also gonna be incredibly
enjoyable for you guys so before I
explain that more I want to tell you all
the cities that I'm going to on this
tour if you are in the following cities
I will be coming to your city Vancouver
Canada Portland Oregon Palo Alto
yeah Los Angeles California San Diego
California Las Vegas Nevada Denver
Colorado Milwaukee Wisconsin
Indianapolis Indiana st. Louis Missouri
Columbus Ohio
Toronto Canada Ontario Canada Toronto
its Pennsylvania
Bethlehem Pennsylvania Washington DC New
Jersey and Boston Massachusetts and
that's it that is I mean that's hardly
it that is a lot of cities plus the
other nine cities that I'm going to on
the signing tour I'm just covering so
much ground here I am beyond excited I
cannot I haven't done a tour like this
in years and it's actually a little bit
terrifying it's scary that it's like
it's all mine and it's large and oh my
god tickets for the tour go on sale this
Friday March 31st at 7 a.m. PST 10:00
a.m. est 7 a.m. in Los Angeles and at
10:00 a.m. in New York which should be
9:00 a.m. central look at me a clock the
tickets will be on sale and notice of
tour calm note to self
tours calm you need any information on
this tour it will be on note to self
tour calm so everyone that buys the
tickets to the tour will get a signed
book from me is it a signed copy of this
beautiful baby and I will say that this
book cost $24 so you have to take $24
technically out of the ticket price
because it costs $24 to provide one of
these books and I will also say that
this book is so worth $24 believe me
when I say this is one of the highest
quality books that I personally ever
held in my hand and it's mine my baby is
expensive oh she's pricey she deserves
it the starting ticket price is $49 and
that gets you one time booked admission
into the moving art museum so you get to
walk through the art installation that
brings my book to life and then you also
get to see the hour-long show so you get
a sign book you get a museum tour you
get an hour long of me you'd hear me for
an hour an hour of shenanigans questions
topics discussion book things and then
also we're offering a VIP package a VIP
package gets all of that Plus after the
show we'll have our meet and greet with
myself
we'll take photos do all of that also
the people that are VIP you get to
choose their seats first and then they
all
get some free exclusive merchandise and
a few other things it's all on the
website notice of tour comm if you want
to see anything about the tour anything
about the two packages its there also
there's like a full description of this
museum because I know that's kind of
it's like it it might be the first of
its kind its unique it's I don't think
it's ever really been done we literally
bought a semi and are turning it into a
museum like three rooms inside the semi
it's not just like photos taped to the
wall it's really immersive involving
sound smell think like a maze in a weird
way but yeah I'm good at 200 really weak
what oh yeah this is going to be cool
and I'm going to be on a bus for like a
month that's awesome I'm going to be
bringing tons of exclusive note to self
merchandise and common culture
merchandise to the show exclusive to
this tour
they're exclusive exclusive if you have
any questions the company that's putting
this on is called adventures in
wonderland their Twitter is at Adventure
kind of iconic be sure to give any
questions to email them and to tweet
them they're amazing they're making the
show ridiculously fantastic I'm hoping
that it's going to be different from any
other kind of tour experience whether
that was like a comedy - or a musician -
or anything like that I'm hoping you're
going to leave feeling different than
you would have felt from those tours so
just again to reiterate tickets go on
sale this Friday at 7 a.m. PST 10:00
a.m. est please mark your calendars uh
obviously the tickets are limited on a
first-come first-served basis so once
the tickets are sold out there are no
more tickets this will be the only time
I'm doing a US tour for this book so I
hope to see you guys there if you
enjoyed the video please click the
thumbs up button if you're excited for
tour please click the thumbs up button
if I'm seeing you on tour please leave a
comment down below and if you see any
comments about the city you're going to
please comment back to them and make
some friends okay that's it all the link
will be down below love you guys see you
next week 250 pages bye
