hello hi what's up hello everybody how
are you doing I am just going to cut
right to it I got a big announcer for
you guys so big that I moved outside had
a little wow factor as you guys know I
have a book coming out in about exactly
a month April 18th April 18th is so calm
and what would a book launch be without
a book tour I'm happy to finally tell
you guys that I am going on a book tour
my good friends at Simon & Schuster and
keywords are bringing me on a book
signing tour so in less than a month we
can meet and we can hug and we can take
a picture and I can find your book yeah
all the fun things in life honestly what
is life we're just starting April 18th I
will be coming to these eight cities New
York City Orlando Florida Houston Texas
Dallas in Cincinnati Ohio Chicago
Illinois Minneapolis Minnesota Seattle
Washington in San Francisco California
oh that I'm going to be meeting a lot of
you guys really quickly so please please
please mark your calendars these meeting
greets are a first-come first-served
basis sad that you can't buy a ticket or
reserve your spot that's just kind of
how book tours work not kind of like a
traditional tour you can't really you
know reserve a spot
am i just repeating myself yet you know
you get it I want to put all the info
down below about exactly which
bookstores I'll be at in those cities
but just know to get there at your
earliest convenience the mean greets
have a cap and I don't quite know
exactly what it is but it's over a
thousand people and it gets closer to
1500 actually but I'm eating a ton of
you guys I made it like maxed out as
long as they can possibly do just I can
see many of you as possible and the cool
part is you don't have to buy a ticket
for this basically the only thing that
you have to buy when you go to this is
the book which I hope you would have
already got already
you'll be fine and be cool I can't
believe it's finally here also for
anybody who's not in any of those cities
don't fret do not shut it here do not
wallow in sorrow oh boy this we got some
dress drama
nope nothing fall I'm outside what just
losing my mind
why did I decide to dress up like a
pirate today if you do not live in or
near one of those cities I have an
announcement coming next Monday as well
I'm not going to say anything more do me
a favor also if you plan on going to any
of these stops click the link down below
and go RSVP via Facebook page it'll just
help us gauge how many people are going
to show up and how to appropriately
handle that I guess I don't know so much
drama going on why does he decide to
film outside outside have so much ask
your mom ask your cat ask your grandma I
think I said that to you did I say that
two years ago too
either way I'm so excited oh god
I'm so excited to finally I'm excited
for the book to be out and I'm also
super scared its terrifyingly real at
this point that the book is going to
come out I am receiving my first
physical copy this week so that's also
very like exciting and it makes me very
anxious because I hope it's exactly what
I wanted it to be so yeah just all the
things silly things
I'm just blabbing on at this point in
less than a month I get to meet like
over 10,000 of you which is so cool okay
I love you guys I'm just being
ridiculous now I will see you guys next
week and on tour if you enjoyed the
video please make sure to LIKE thumbs up
below to get you to do bye
mmm
