hey what's up you guys I'm here with
baby in there
Oh but most people call me Ralph we've
like known each other for a really long
time an election made a collab video
I can't believe in bins along and we
made a collab video here and today we
were get to even blossom up with
delicious treats but before our channel
Aryan chocolate and then I am eating
Donuts so it's kind of like my dream we
are going to be blindfolded and trying
ten different types of donuts there
donut flavors we don't know what they
are some more like printed and I was
just informed that some are custom there
may be some really weird flavors on
Lincoln fish I'm thinking beef
banana is not that we're not into that
yeah we used to do that today it's kind
of like the best thing ever but it's
really difficult
yeah so hard oh you little blind hole
I found these online and I fell in love
with them and I was like look at these
eyebrows they're amazing we're gonna
wear these
oh my they match my own I'd rather no
you won't even know if Connors wearing a
mask or not is this a competitive are we
going ahead of it so we are doing a
point system we're going to do uh
okay mm-hmm we figured out three two one
yes and there get some over as the most
wins at the end it will enjoy all right
I want a happiness I'm gonna try to get
ten bleep oh my god okay I would tell
them for five but I cake on it for good
sportsmanship and made the best donut
taste tester guesser wind yep let's go
is your spit okay mm-hmm mom no I had to
make it bigger I got a bigger head than
you I don't think so how's that I mean I
don't know looking good looking good
we have the first one wait in the first
line they're kind of like the blind
touching challenge because look at that
texture there's something weird on top
you it you look boys where's your you
I'm very aware of what that feeling is
it is a familiar flavor for me this
challenge means no hard for me all I
want to do we need to hold me right yeah
tell me what you coming home ok ready 1
2 3
I don't know yep yeah
yes ok so an Elvis Presley is a piece of
toast with peanut butter and bananas on
also do you think it that killed you
could I get a point Bingbing I know mama
just bananas in peanut butter in the
inside is the for minor favor later I'm
worried about the weird one oh you think
it's gonna be really weird I'm still
expecting fish hope examine donut number
2 numb no numero dos second fall not oh
I'm touching the top there's like
sprinkles on top it's so gross only
touching all the carbon on line I think
I know it's hard because it's super
donut II the only flavor is the frosting
oh it smells stronger than it tastes
have you smelled it it's nope
oh my true love to be honest this is
position why did you press the front
what is okay I think we both get a point
but press economy whether you have that
instead of coffee
I would ask out I mean yeah okay was
lucky this is so hard all I want to do
is eat the whole thing okay okay yeah
you're nice enough open item Oh Connor
don't be cheating over there
right third donut let's give it a go
between the chocolate and the donuts my
stomach is just like confused at this
point is something on the top of us like
sticky on the tops or samosa if you but
in the middle is way in the middle I
think the taste is probably the middle
so let's open this up on fire
we saw one of the cards before that's
what I'm I'm sorry thank you
where is this together at this one yeah
in a West car I think that's it feels
all done deal that's it good oh it's
gonna shake it off because I don't trust
myself I feel that one two three creme
brulee that's the one we saw everybody
singing point suppose a minute Aggie
whore - uh-oh that's why it's like solid
you again I'm annoyed I can't eat it all
this is a great world let me just say as
well now I'm still waiting for one to be
weird
I'm catching spaghetti donut number four
oh oh oh it's great we have a texture
the firmer donut oh god no it smells a
little unsavory verses of sweet okay you
know oh no you are you oh god I just
don't like these two things together I
think like a being you did was obviously
something usually yeah this is a
masculine donut why me welcome always
donut donut Oh would you come cuacamole
die it came with that as soon as he said
beans I was like I know it is not good
not right against my religion no thanks
come on akamaru down that category but
I'll take it you're giving it I'll take
it
you know you can have the meat sweats
some other half I'm gonna happen don't
know as if I didn't already feel ill on
top of all that sweet now we have
guacamole in there too yeah you hope
number five again you donut okay the
donuts a little firmer okay okay okay
okay yeah three two one blueberry I
found love in a me
Oh cute like a blueberry muffin he's
just like a blueberry muffin does got me
a peridot in your doughnut you'd be a
blueberry one I think so actually
I'm having a maple bar not only five I
get up yeah we're halfway done
oh well doughnuts what right now this is
my dream but it's also a nightmare
hurry score is four and a half to five
Connors in the lead this is our sixth
doughnut so we're like halfway there and
maybe I can get that half a point
oh listen it's something tougher oh it's
a marshmallow
what does it told you that is a Jody
doesn't even know though okay there's
chocolate on top there's marshmallows in
the middle I feel like I'm missing I
know two of the elements I'm missing one
of them or anything else is missing okay
so much now well oh we go yeah I mean I
have a guess one two three chocolate
marshmallow now I'm supposed to be
somewhat analogous I'm supposed to be
promoting in our defense there's not a
lot of graham cracker know there's a lot
of chocolate a lot of marshmallows
little sprinkle the graham cracker
I should yes any time and although there
is no yeah style points for this one you
get boots donut looking good all right
next one nut Nona I'm just drinking
water because my metabolism a what it
used to be okay well I know it's not
large we are on doughnut number seven Oh
leave I don't know what these are oh is
it one word is it literally just what I
think in it only enough yeah and he died
like no idea I was at this massive bite
and it was this really thick I really
went to I was to him I couldn't huge at
this point of his dissecting it I'm like
little basil ball I take one flavor
three two one cheese cheese little dish
oh and you're right it was like the
yellow cheese that used to eat with the
little sticks Oh
winds that way a lot no I'm great Oh
getting difficult Adela sweat happening
very frequently go oh whoa whoa
like hum crumbly powdery stuff here we
go hmm
I only taste two flavors this is my
favorite flavor of ice cream really like
a freshman choke I think I don't want it
like the actual name is oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
ah cruel a kitchen limitations two three
yeah mint chocolate I thought you're
gonna go the Girl Scout cookie route or
like the mint chocolate chip chocolate
chip mint
oh it was on the inside I thought that
was on the top what I said peppermint
patty so I guess that's up to you if I
get a point I have fun it looks like a
peppermint patty today your bite a half
point
Oh definitely a point yeah I was like to
thank you okay three home row cannot
funds me right now I'm ill this is
doughnut number nine we are so close we
have two more doughnuts left and this is
a close game right now we are off by
half a point yep oh I need to bring it
we got it
I gotta step it up and it's going to
happen right here I'm gonna turn it
around okay smelling it does it smell
any different
Oh all of the flavor is in the filling
citrus it's a citrus especially can't
tell which one I'm licking the top of
the doughnut just gives us anything
hidden like with some more wine mmm I'm
just going to go straight for ya first I
thought was the citrus and on the top of
salt and I was like half a margarita
domani
one two three
lemonade like beyond Ohio we're all what
is lime no I make honestly good I will
say it's a citrus puree in the middle
okay we both don't get a point probably
but we knew was a citrus first but I was
like it has to be raspberry it all comes
down to this yep we're going to the most
difficult one ready and terrified okay
everybody we've made it this is the last
round I had by half a point so if I mess
up and you succeed you win oh this is it
this whole game is important this is
what it's all about the Super Bowl
whoo I'm getting in Zen right now I feel
ill so I can vomit at any second okay
good oh oh this is cold on top yeah it
isn't like you sleep okay yeah really
heavy this is like whoa then you'll ever
meet what is this does really mean oh
this is a fish one you I can't smell it
I can't figure it out do you taste
mustard I think I can tell you this is a
competition that's it oh oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah I can tell you I have no idea
one of my ideas is that we face your
barbecue and the other idea I have is a
type of sandwich it is very weird on a
doughnut I am a child famous about all
of you hmm
one two three no you got it right no egg
salad just kidding you got it wrong you
got half of it right I think it needs
you half a point that was a disgusting
that's the rap Bob please we did it we
made it 10 doughnuts and I feel like I
never learned the doughnuts what are
real they're real if you have a water
sugar but I got a pickleball court and
we're going to play around a pickleball
that will help it's going to sweat out
the sugar every time really seven to
seven so I love a good time I put it
there and ham shake on it that was a
good game good game fair game you
enjoyed this video we also did another
video channel what a meeting you over on
your channel oh we tried a bunch of
chocolate flavor some more very I would
say more traditional flavors and some
were really cooking
yeah good friends and we try a bunch of
them over there so if you wanted to try
a bunch of different chocolate flavors
click roughly or click the link down
below and if you enjoyed it there make
sure to put this on that one but I think
that's all we got so I hope you guys
have a great week
I love you I'll see you later bye I
gotta run around the table
