hi I had a moment this week like a like
a moment then I just really want to talk
about for a second so earlier this week
I was a had two photoshoots you know
cause like they were four different like
little things I don't know if I can say
them yet I don't know there's that whole
the long story short is for one
photoshoot
I got to wear a dress and for another
photo shoot I got to wear a lot of
makeup and lipstick and I just wanted to
say that wearing those two things
unlike the same week one day a part that
is the most confident and liberated I
have ever felt in my entire life anytime
I have kind of artistic photo shoots or
do something along those lines I'm
always like push the boundaries like
make me uncomfortable or make me do
something I've never done before and
this is the first time that the people
actually listened so for the first
photoshoot I were like I was it wasn't
it was a dress but it was like it was a
very artistic fashion chic dress they
were like we're not sure if you're into
it and I'm like yes I'm into it put
the dress on me and it was like such an
out-of-body experience
it was mostly strangest because like I
think gender roles are really stupid
over the past couple years my life I've
really fully come to believe that and
I'm fully ready to tell people to not
follow gender norms or to encourage
action say no I'm not going to tell you
what to do but I'm going to encourage
and it's just so interesting because
when I put on the dress by no means like
am I going to wear a dress every day but
I just felt so confident I was like look
at me full circle moment able to wear a
dress able to wear lipstick and just
like feel like I'm killing it I
was like I feel awesome I feel beautiful
I feel gorgeous as it's sexy I feel cool
like I felt all the right emotion
granted also I wore like a suit and
another one and I felt really sexy and
cool I wore a couple other like Couture
outfit I just felt cool like no matter
what but it was something about the
simplicity of wearing a dress and then
the simplicity of wearing lipsticks
because I had never worn lipstick before
or at least not to my knowledge and
remember
for like a hot second but that was one
of the first times that I remember
wearing lipstick I had a full-on red lip
they were overdrawn they were Matt
serving smoochy evil realness and I
don't know if it was like the
environment I was in or if it was just
like the day or the time but I just felt
beautiful I felt amazing I think I come
across as a very confident person online
and it's not always the case
I definitely am very insecure about a
lot of different things involving my
body size involving my height involving
just involved in kind of everything I
think every single person is insecure no
matter who you are every single person
will find insecurities in themselves but
either way I'm insecure a lot of the
times and this is one of those moments
where I felt everything but I want to
share that with you guys whether you
feel like playing with gender roles or
not do what makes you feel good I know
for a fact I would have never done that
growing up I've never done that when I
was 10 or 16 or even 20 there's a bug
right there that's where I'm at right
there I just know that I would have
never done that even if I really
desperately wanted to and I'm so happy
that I am in a place in my life where I
can do whatever I want I could go
contour my face I can go put on a suit I
could go shave my head walk out the door
and as long as I'm feeling good I'll do
it I am in a place where I feel like I
will do whatever I want and that makes
me happy and it makes me feel good who
cares what everyone else thinks that is
an interesting place to be in I have
never really been here I've definitely
been growing towards this point and I
know I'm going to keep growing into this
point in my life but it's just so damn
interesting and I could tell my fortune
year old self that just ten years later
I would be at this point my life I would
have not believed me me would have not
believed me me then that's just
something I experienced this week and I
really needed to talk about it give me a
little favor leave down in the comments
below if you've ever had a moment of
like utter confidence tell me where you
were what you were doing what you were
wearing whatever it involved that made
you feel confident tell me in the
comments down below
also just a couple little announcements
I have a big announcements coming in a
week from today and trust me you'll be
excited about it get ready also the
collapse coming out on Saturday I
haven't done a collab video in months so
that's exciting and then also I'm going
straight to the earthworks I'm going to
South by Southwest and I've never been
there before talking on a panel about
lgbtq+ things
oh cool about it love you guys have a
great week go do something that makes
you feel good about yourself and I'll
see you guys next week
enjoy this video make sure if it comes
up in kampala to complete your trips or
to write
