I want to die why did I do that I said I
wouldn't do that
nice trip it's a bad idea now pressure
Laurita is that a thing is it possible
for my face to be dis : right now
alcohol is literally poison why do I
continue to blame myself
hydration Conner hydration couldn't be
tomorrow is this a good enough excuse to
do nothing I'm so much fun last night
though I mean like at least I was that
much fun I should really text my friends
and see if they got back all right
I should also make sure to text my
friends and complain and make sure they
know how pathetic I am
and my SMS in my mind I was a good
dancer last night but part of me hopes
no one has videos to prove otherwise I
mean I wouldn't say no to Thai food
right now I'm sick I am illness I'm
never doing that again if I died right
now how long do you think it would take
before somebody found me there and asked
for tummy rubbing
I really want a belly rub right now I
was really funny last night like no one
can deny that my poor fragile little
body and omelette right now would either
tear me or kill me that I know for sure
I've drank 10 gallons of water how am I
not better how I'm done I'm not drinking
ever again
so as you can tell from this video I
went out last night
I don't promote drinking but you know it
happens and fun I had a lot of fun but I
stayed up till 5 a.m. just really
hungover I will say what got me through
the days I went to brunch this morning
very quick story I didn't want to go to
brunch but I told myself I should and
thank God I did 10 minutes into my
brunch I look to my right and jay-z
Beyonce and Blue Ivy sit down next to me
at brunch just like just like that's a
thing like that's a thing they can do to
me I didn't even know what to do like
what do you do in that situation like
when you see God wait what do ya I guess
that's the cure for a hangover though
seeing Beyonce hit brunch yes this is
what I've been doing today if you guys
don't know I booked coming up to make
sure to go pre or that down below you're
gonna go check out all my clothing
filling so also you down below but
that's pretty much all you got I love
you guys hope you are hung over like pee
everywhere great week I love you and I
will see you next week if you're just
immature big thumbs up leave Campos if
you continue like drink responsibly
everyone
