I stopped bitches scholar unless I was
my new intro just stop it
my cousin fun fact this is normally
where my garbage can is because it's
appropriate also you're here don't fall
on me this time I'm sorry that's like
Loki abusive hey what's up everyone so
this week I just felt like being a
little bit too chatty and I realized I
haven't done thank you and I in like
three months which is not like me oh my
god have another Q&A so wretched
horrendous so I decided to kind of
curate some some more interesting
questions that I can answer honestly for
you guys some fun some funny quite a
couple serious yeah he learns a little
bit more about me in this video let's go
we're staying here I need you to say
yeehaw it's for science
yeehaw tell me how was your Valentine's
Day Valentine's Day was actually so
I woke up to my friend texting me that
he was having horrible pain and he was
being rushed to the ER it turns out he
had a kidney stone which I learned a lot
about kidney stones in 48 hours
apparently the pain of passing a kidney
stone is equivalent to earth it's the
closest things that men will feel to
giving birth I mean females can get
kidney stones too but you know what I
mean so I spent the whole day in those
emergency room and the hospital with my
friend which is fine I'm just so glad
he's okay what's your favorite condiment
tom cement Oh Oh leave you know I feel
like I have a passion for continents I
love a good ketchup to be honest I would
die for a good a lowly a good and a fool
or God and a holy like a delicious spicy
aioli Oh me sexually attracted to aioli
please call Nicola we miss her Nicola is
my sister for all those for all of you
that do not know so let me go grab my
phone hey Siri can you call Nicola
thanks so much bitch are you free shame
thoughts on the grannies uh if I'm being
honest I thought they were very long I
felt like there was like a lot of fluff
amongst all of the performances there
was a lot of just stuff I didn't really
care about and that's kind of sad
but also they didn't give out many
awards I mean like I get it there's a
ton of awards to give up I felt like
after washing it I was like did they
give out like three awards in this five
hour award show but also like I thought
Bruno Mars is amazing I believe he is
one of the best male performers of our
time Adele was very sweet with her
little mess up and then her dedication
to Beyonce at the end I just thought she
was very very sweet and Beyonce the
 goddess as per usual do you wear
makeup I don't but I would love to learn
I would love to like learn how to do my
brows I did buy a foundation the other
day because I had some spots on my face
so like I do that on occasions but on
occasion is like once a month
do you have any book recommendations
that I do so for all of you that do not
know one of my favorite sponsors of this
channel is audible audible is the
leading provider of audiobooks with a
ton of different titles so work was a
million times and I absolutely love them
so this week I want to recommend you
guys I'm not sure if I recommended it
before but it's very appropriate for
where I am right now
so this week I'm recommending you guys
nothing honey and I always mess up her
name but it's roofie torkoal I'm really
sorry
milk and honey is a collection of poems
and I find it so inspiring just the way
that she kind of sees the world it's a
really great collection and I just adore
it for all of you watching you can use
audible.com slash Connor to get a free
30 day trial and once you sign up you
can download milk and honey or any other
book so again that is audible.com slash
Connor listen to a book what is one
weird thing we don't know about you the
first thing I thought of is something
that I was reminded of today so that's
why I'm bringing it up I have this weird
like not a fear but kind of a fear of
like bristles like toothbrush bristles
and broom bristles it's not that I'm
afraid of them but when I hear someone
else oh my god I shiver when I hear
someone else brushing their teeth oh my
god I'm getting actual shivers from this
when I hear someone else brushing their
teeth not like when I hear myself
brushing my teeth the hair on my arms
just
dan straight up I don't know what it is
but it freaks me out I'm getting so
nervous thinking about it I don't know
what it is I have must have had some
sort of horrendous thing happened to me
as a child I was beat with a broom
that's horrible I'm not laughing at that
how are you feeling me going from
laughing to now getting serious for a
minute I'm alright I've had kind of an
emotional few days I've had kind of an
emotional few months to be honest and I
think it's kind of nice that I can be
real with you guys in that sense and not
just be like and good everything's
perfect amazing my life is amazing no
it's like it's good it's bad it's in
between kind of a little bit of
everything sometimes but you know it's
like how was the fashion show what
they're referring to is that I went to
New York Fashion Week to see the Calvin
Klein show last week and it was amazing
oh my god it was like my element you
guys I got dressed by one of my favorite
friend brands
Rochambeau they've been so nice to me
they have dope clothing I went and I got
to sit front row at the Calvin Klein
show I found their new collection which
was stunning and I want every piece of
it I met the head designer RAF Simmons
randomly at the Calvin Klein party and
it just it made my night I'd like the
whole experience was amazing also out
magazine said that I was the
best-dressed man of the week which like
I don't know if I thoroughly believe
that but the fact that that was the
title of their article it may be
emotional is there something you
constantly lose typically my wallet and
my keys and my sanity but you know next
personal problem are you a virgin no I'm
not but also virginity is such like an
outdated social column Shrugged so what
does that even mean what does that even
mean I'm not but like it's okay if you
are but also what does it even matter
any just some self-esteem issues takes
time honestly it's an ongoing process
but also remember that literally
everyone has self-esteem issues I don't
care who you are I don't care who you
pretend to be
everyone has self-esteem issues everyone
has issues with their appearance or
things that they can't do people they
wish they were places they wish they'd
be everyone deals with self-loathing
in different amounts at different times
to take comfort in that and work on that
do you think YouTube could slash should
be more diverse or now and explain a
hundred percent it should be more
members I mean every industry YouTube
film music all the industries should be
as diverse as possible but also I don't
think necessarily for YouTube because
it's a free platform that anyone can
upload to is an issue of being diverse I
think it's an issue of highlighting a
more diverse group of people I think a
lot of the times they just highlight gay
white men like me and they forget about
the whole other spectrum which I come
from a huge place of privilege on that
but I would love for there to be more
diversity shown and highlighted on
YouTube grab the nearest thing to you
and profess your love for it okay I
really do love this common culture that
cow you honestly invited me into that
you walked right into that I applaud a
new products become culture echo go
check them out
advice for people with anxiety I deal
with this myself but I also had a friend
dealing with it just the other day the
advice that I gave to him was what
usually helps me is to if you find
yourself being very anxious think of a
very specific happy time it can be vey
it can be even just a location but think
of that time and just kind of
concentrate on that time for me I don't
know why I always think of my family
cabin and I just kind of think of the
water moving and rushing in very slowly
it's just a typical lake it's nothing
special but like I just always picture
that scene and picture that water and
hear the sound makes you the Sun setting
and it usually really calms me down okay
I think that's it I hope you guys
enjoyed the slightly more honest Q&A I
think we kind of covered some fun topics
that I don't really cover that off if
you want to see more videos like this
make sure to click the thumbs up button
and let me know in the comments down
below for a little conversation down
below also be honest write some sort of
honest comments about yourself or your
life than the comments down below and
everyone talked about it also incredibly
quickly I just released three new
products from comic culture deco it's a
new color palette of three old products
and by the time this is up they may be
already sold out because they're selling
out really quickly but if they're not go
rush over there comma culture deco go
check it out also I have a book coming
out I didn't answer any questions with
video about my book but
I have a book coming up so if you want
to preorder my book it is note to self
by Connor calm it's pretty much it I
love you guys I hope you have the best
week and I will see you next week
if you're into this area sure big thumbs
up in Cabo did you do it bye
