hi what's up how's it going I feel like
I still kind of have morning voice going
on right now despite it being 321 mmm
321 3 2 1 Wow
I still have morning voice so yay go me
a side effect of going out last night
something I haven't done in a long time
it's been a long time I'm old and
fragile therefore I would much rather
stay in and watch a movie let's have a
little conversation about change
typically people are so terrified of
change it's such a necessary part of
life but people are scared of it people
think it's bad change has a bad
reputation no reference to Taylor Swift
big reputation big bet she got bad big
is it big reputation or bad rip I'm a
fake stand where I'm here three weeks
into the new year and I feel like I've
already accomplished a lot not to brag
not to jump on the Conner train but I
need to Pat myself on the back I'm very
proud of me I've really been diving deep
into some kind of unwritten goals I've
had for the year and expectations I have
for the year today I'm gonna talk about
a few things that I'm going to be
changing with myself with my life things
that I think are gonna make me better
messing with my appearance it's already
kind of faded but within the first two
days of the new year I dyed my hair I've
always wanted to dye my hair so I did it
it was super last-minute I was leaving
town in like 24 hours and I'm like bitch
you gotta do it if you leave town you're
gonna forget about it you're never gonna
do it unless you do it right now while
you're feeling like doing it that's why
I called up a friend of a friend and he
happened to have an open space an open
time slot to dye my hair and here we are
this year I feel like changing my
appearance feel like cutting my hair I
feel like maybe getting another piercing
perhaps a tattoo maybe some eyeliner who
knows the possibilities are endless
reading more we're like four weeks into
the new year I retract my statement
earlier always been a big fan reading
but recently it's become very difficult
to read because there are so many
distractions
you have a phone and you have a computer
and there are many other things that you
could be doing it's really hard to just
put it all the way sit down be quiet and
read a book very difficult but I've
already read four books this year four
books in a month
that is amazing for me all four were
fantastic I'll eat the links down below
traveling more let's jump back to figure
out where I've been this year already so
I went from Minnesota to Los Angeles Los
Angeles to London London to France
France to Italy to Switzerland to London
to New York to LA to Utah back to LA for
travelling purposes it's been a crazy
year thus far and personally I just want
to enjoy that more very amazing part of
my job is that I get to travel I get to
go places for work and last year I feel
like I did not appreciate that enough
nor did I jump on opportunities to
travel for work so this year I'm gonna
try my damnedest to do it it's a
blessing I'm blessed I feel like I need
to appreciate it more let me know in the
comments down below places I should
travel places you want to travel we need
things to look forward to diet and
exercise I've always been somewhat of a
jock an athlete what's weird though is
that I tend to focus so hard on exercise
it's a part of my routine and I feel
like I follow it too religiously to the
point that I think it's actually become
negative it's kind of hard to explain
but for health purposes I really want to
focus on diet more than exercise this
year and not feel guilty if I don't
exercise I want to eat healthy and feel
good but I don't want to make myself
feel bad when I'm trying to feel good
it's kind of ridiculous and defeats the
purpose so you have something I've been
trying to do more is cook at home in big
cities it's really easy to eat out a lot
so I'm really trying to buy healthy food
and make stuff in my lovely home if you
follow my Instagram which he should at
Connor Franta this morning I made three
ingredient pancakes and I documented the
whole thing and it was fun I was kind of
hungover from last night and I wanted
pancakes so I decided to make them mice
and makes a healthy version they were
gluten-free and they had three
ingredients in them Bob I'll leave the
recipe down below what am i a blogger
learn more I don't know about you guys
but I'm always telling myself I'm going
to learn certain things I've always
wanted to learn how to sew and yet here
I am still not knowing how to sew I
really love music
why don't I learn how to play the piano
I like to travel I should learn another
language all these things seem very
difficult but going back to the whole
we're inundating ourselves with
technology that really isn't adding much
to our lives instead of watching TV or
being on my phone I should learn how to
do one of those things I'm really gonna
try hard to prioritize advancing my
knowledge and my skills like sewing and
piano and language I hold me to it and
weird like learning how to juggle
and solving a Rubik's Cube all that
sounds fun
the last thing that I could think of
that I've been really trying to work on
this year and this month is
vulnerability I'm a really guarded
person for reasons that I never feel
comfortable talking about hence the
problem me talking about wanting to be
vulnerable but can't be vulnerable I
keep a lot of stuff to myself and it's
really hard to let my walls down and let
other people into my life and I'm really
trying to work on that I'm trying to
trust people I don't trust people I
don't know why but I don't trust people
and it's off to a good start I feel like
I've been very open with people that I'm
very close with but also like just
random as strangers I might blame it on
the alcohol but I've told some secrets
to strangers and it feels great I'm not
gonna spill all my guts to Karen down at
the bar but maybe I'll sprinkle a couple
secrets into her life yeah I'm gonna try
to work on that too but again I'm proud
of me I'm doing a lot of that right now
we're only a month into the year and I
feel like I've already worked really
hard on a lot of those Gomi Gomi I love
me I'm proud of me
but yeah let's yeah that's just been
watched going on in my mind lately what
are you guys trying to work on this year
what are some things that you want to
accomplish what are some things that you
want to learn let me know in the
comments down below let's feed off of
each other's excitement and push each
other into the future we're a group
we're a family we're a community has
helped each other if you enjoyed this
video please click the like button and
try to make new videos every week so
also click the subscribe button also all
my social media links will be down below
so go follow me across all social
platforms and other than that hope
you're having a great week I love you
and I'll see you next time enjoy the
video make sure make thumbs up leave a
comment
