the full setting around me is very
fabricated and I'm very proud of it none
of this is supposed to be here but I put
it here this is being held up on the
wall there were no hooks on the wall
there the wall was blank the wall is
bare but that thing held up with tape so
if at any point it falls into this open
flame or screwed in stuff everyone so
I'm back notification I'm feeling very
relaxed at the moment and I've had an
interesting thing on my mind lately it's
been coming up in conversation and
realized and just it made me think about
it more personally so hello for everyone
who doesn't know I'm gay but
backtracking for a moment - when I was
deeply in the closet oh my god is
falling come on Scott it was a good idea
but here we are growing up a typical
thing for a lot of kids to go through is
having feelings for another person being
attracted to other people and then
following through with those feelings
they kiss another person they hook up
with another person all of these things
are very normal they're very natural
things to do as you're coming into your
sexuality as you're growing up I just
can't help but think about how since I
was in the closet for so long I was one
causes I was 21 years old did I was
oddly denied of that as a kid it's
something that frustrates me and it's
something that I feel like I regret not
doing or being able to do so unlike a
lot of LGBTQ people that I know
personally I really didn't before I came
out hook up with anybody I never kissed
boys before I came out nothing I didn't
do any of that but I always wanted to
but I was too afraid
in hindsight I cannot tell you how many
of my friends or the boys that are very
close to that I definitely had a crush
on and I definitely didn't know it at
the time that I had a crush on them and
to any of my friends that were boys
growing up that are watching this right
now it may have not been you don't
flatter yourself
even though who was you have no idea who
it was it probably would be surprised
what but yeah there were definitely a
lot of boys growing up in middle school
high school college that I definitely
had crushes on and I didn't realize it
or I just pushed it away I pushed into
the back of my mind and said that it was
just that I liked them so much as a
person
I want to be their friend oh yeah silly
me so I had a unique experience compared
to my friends that I didn't get to do
that and I feel and again I feel like
it's my one biggest regret it's so
falling again it is so falling again
know what if it's all default it'll be
dramatic everything fell off my walls
not clickbait rely footage of my life
falling apart I don't know it's just
been really bugging me a lot lately I've
been talking a lot about dating and
about sexuality and about what it means
to me to hook up with a person and what
it means to my friends does a couple of
people and I think because it was so
denormalized to me whatever again
whatever the fuck normal means now that
I am able to do it now that I'm out not
uncomfortable with myself
it just has like this weird oh my god it
is so quick we're in for this oh look at
her she's a cutie the company it looks
it's my set my beautiful set I don't
even know where I was
I don't even honestly I have no
conclusions in this video I've just been
thinking about it a lot lately and it's
so interesting because I see so many of
you guys telling me that you're out and
that you're open and you're in middle
school or high school and I'm so happy
for you I'm so happy that you don't have
to feel I guess the way I feel I can't
imagine what people who grew up in the
80s the 60s the anything before anything
before when the world was more accepting
of LGBT people as they are today still
not fully accepting but way more
accepting I don't know how they did it
again I'm so fortunate that I am 24
years old and I can be open and gay I
can be gay yeah I just feel oddly like I
just feel oddly cheated I got to see my
friends you know go and kiss boys or
kiss girls at parties and then talk
about it the next day and like I didn't
get to do that I think it I think I
don't know I didn't get to do that I
kissed girls that like that didn't mean
anything to me there were so many times
that I want
to go make out with a boy there were so
many times that I wanted to make a move
on a boy he drunk and hook up with a boy
just normal things that people do
especially with like the whole high
school and college elements in college
that's like what people do they just
like have parties in a cup that's like a
stereotype of an American University but
it's partially true so I don't know it's
just interesting that I feel so like
left out of that culture and I can't
contribute to those stories when people
are talking about it and even like my
bold friends who were in the closet that
still hooked up with boys I wasn't born
I was in the closet I didn't like hook
up with anybody I was too shy and too
scared
I was literally Bambi growing up I know
it may seem like it's partially some
sort of facade I put on but now now it's
real but yeah what are what are your
experiences with this even if you're not
a part of the LGBT community what are
your experiences with I guess like
hookup culture in high school in college
is it something you feel pressure to do
is it something that you've done and you
love and you're so I guess grateful they
should do it that's some weird put it
that way or is it something that you
haven't done and you feel also kind of
oddly deprived of it if you like life
has cheated you it's funny because it's
really not a big deal it's just
something I've been thinking about that
leave those in the comments down below
and let's let's chat about it god I
cannot help but think about the boys
that I had crushes on like the boys in
my life that I clearly had crushes on
and granted I think all of them are
straight but I can't help but wonder
what would have happened if I kiss them
imagine imagine in fact it but what
happened ah also the quickest plug I
wrote about this in my book and it's the
same type of thing I didn't come to any
conclusions but I just more reflected on
it in greater details than I did know
and since I wrote that chapter like
months ago maybe even a year ago I just
started thinking about it again that
that's in my book so pre-order my book
notice off my counter calm first apply
it falls off the wall now this okay I
love you guys I hope you have the best
week if you enjoyed this video click the
thumbs up leave a comment below - do I
the one
