I have goosebumps hey what's up you guys
you know I bought this sweater
turtleneck short sleeve thing months ago
and I've never found a reason to wear it
and I think I'm realizing why one it's
not that cute - it's so
impractical short sleeve sweater
turtleneck so this week all the other
weeks like the past I feel like three or
four weeks have been very sad very sulky
very not fun so this week I want to keep
it light and I want to do sort of like a
little throwback video so today I had
the idea to look through my old vlog
it's my current blog Connor Franta
zombocom but if you search close enough
you can find what old Connor was like
because I've had this blog for five
years so yeah let's just dig into it
record doing it great technology
autocrats humbler comm you know they say
you should learn from your past you
should be proud of your past that past
you is still you but I feel like I
disagree a lot of you are going to want
to search through this and use these
photos against me but joke's on you I'm
probably going to delete it I'm going to
delete all the evidence so don't get any
ideas I used to be what some people call
a hipster or more so a hipster wannabe
so we're going to search my tumblr blog
for hipster oh god as we scroll lower
this is going to be okay the first one
here oh my goodness look at that that's
like my old merchandise that's not
pretty it's pretty cute photo not gonna
lie this is me in South Africa oh my
gosh I remember I remember buying I
remember buying those boots and thinking
they were like the cool I remember just
this outfit me thinking it was like the
coolest thing ever and literally wearing
all black and brown boots me judging
myself when I'm wearing a blue
turtleneck this was me at tumblr
breaking some
barrier there I always I only go for
look at this meat looking down my back
my ass look at that ass look at that ass
he got ass
oh my god what is this hipster Jesus
love you before you were cool there's so
many things wrong with that five years
ago
IRA blogged a picture of money just
money oh my god the captured - money
oh my god wait wait this is my own
picture we did it
when did I when was i well I think I was
a drug dealer in my past and I just
forgot about it let's tag art art why
not art the first thing that comes up is
the emoji challenge video I did
art art I was actually great like this
first photo this is the Museum here in
Los Angeles
it was accurately tagged as a cute photo
up also art I'm actually accurately
tagging myself this is Danish Kapoor let
the Mafia's done the beam in Chicago
that beat that he made that okay I'm
boring you you're all asleep
or clicked out latte art oh my god glow
paint jars I remember when I did that
video 49 notes flaming slangy past-self
I did a video called globe in jars and
it failed and it was horrible I thought
it was going to be cool but it really
wasn't at all it didn't work out it just
looks like it did look like glow paint
in the jar let's put it that way
what about like tagged cute actually all
cute things that every blogs literally
animals is this image because the spaces
between my fingers are right where yours
fit perfectly typing in tag slash me
sort of the way beginning what is the
first tag flash me oh good board I'm
going to regret putting this online oh
my god this is such a fun boy I was
 boy like what am i doing I bought
ray-bans and I thought it was the
coolest person in the world and then I
learned how to edit in Photoshop what am
i doing this is when I broke my bum
don't know why I posted that to tumblr
but I broke my thumb swimming oh how can
my mouth do that it's defying Anatomy my
mouth is defined defying gravity defying
anatomy and it's all kind of horribly
edited
speaking of horribly edited I remember
when I first found out how to do this in
Photoshop where you can make something
black and white and you can make
something else color and I like
Photoshop the out of my eye
like it doesn't even look like my eye
eyed saturated it and whatever else look
at that
yeah nice thing it was so cool I used to
think I was so cool with this - this
image right here I thought I was so cool
because they learned how to Photoshop so
I photoshopped a galaxy into my hands
murder me and then I photoshopped the
solar system in my hand actually bury me
alive what what was I thinking
what koruba Langille my hair is grow
Isis this is all such a throwback this
photo I remember again I remember taking
these and just thinking I was so cool I
had like a good camera is why I'm it's
not even like this I'm like pretending
to be straight oh no what is this video
there's a video
I have goosebumps oh my god I feel
physically ill I have goosebumps this oh
wow oh this is when I got a fisheye lens
and I thought I was cool everything just
is when I used to think I was something
oh yes and here is this picture I'm not
gonna lie I think that is the best I've
ever looked I'm really good
I'm not even going to call myself a
fuck-boy I look great in that photo how
it's good I just looked like a twink
also a Loki what's up sailor hat again
you know that's that's going to be snaps
bat for now we're gonna slowly push that
away and pretend I'm not going to put
this on the internet for everyone to see
one of my thinking I'm gonna delete half
of that I'm not letting that surface
fully Jesus oh I can't believe I
actually got goosebumps for my crazy
past that is a an all-time high all-time
low could be both it's kind of a high
because I'm so over my past but that was
me that was my past me see growth
happens if you like that glow up is
ikonics gone from boy to LGBT
activist honest and contain more promise
me okay so that's all we got there this
week if you want to follow me on tumblr
my tumblr is connor franta if you want
to follow me on Twitter Instagram
anything it's just at Connor Franta also
doing a pre-order of my new book click
right here and go for your money books
we went to number one on Barnes & Noble
and number five on Amazon that was
amazing and it freaked if you guys
enjoyed this video make sure you click
thumbs up are your enough thumbs up I'll
do another one
there's plenty more in there also leave
a comment down below what is your cringy
astir in life please make me feel better
about myself okay hope you guys have a
great week I love you
it is very should become public topic
good fight
remember
