hey what's up you guys I feel like I
haven't like made a video in a while I
definitely put out a lot of videos
that's for sure so today I have a lot of
explaining to do
first and foremost about that I can't
wrote another book look at it this isn't
the real thing this is a mock so don't
be careful I gotta take photos of it
it's still beautiful though oh she's
cute oh my god your goal today so yeah
if you guys have been keeping up with
literally any of my social media
accounts I released a book trailer after
punch to the gut head over your heels
girl always good to talk about and
leading up to said book trailer I
release small trailers for the trailer
so over the past years a year and a half
I have actually been working on this
book it sounds incredibly strange but I
kind of accidentally started writing a
book I found myself over the past 14
months taking tons of photos and writing
down tons of poetry just for fun just
for me just because I wanted to and I
never released any of it I just kept it
in my notes I kept it on my memory cards
I kept it on my computer I just I just
kept it for myself and then a lot of
shit happened in my life I went through
a lot of horrible things and went
through a really bad breakup and went
through kind of an identity crisis and
because of all of that I kind of
spiraled in my mental health and went
through a very dark place we'll talk
about all that in future videos but
basically what I'm trying to say is I
went through a huge change in my life
and I found myself writing about it in
both very literal ways and also abstract
ways that's why it's called note to self
is because essentially I wrote this book
literally for me I didn't even plan to
make it into a book it was just me
writing for me but then I made it into a
book because after reading it back and
letting my friends read it everyone
it was so there was like a big universal
truth in it that I thought it was worth
sharing with the world so that is that
is a long story short that is how the
book came to be my second book is up for
pre-order right now at any time watching
this video you can go clear this book
and it will make me the happiest boy in
the whole world if you go to notice
house by Konnor com you can pre-order my
book it comes out on April 18th that's a
three months it's really soon which is
really exciting I'm glad you guys don't
have to wait like a year to get it and
if you do happen to get my book here's
what's inside
I have no exact number someone to make
them up there are several dozen original
poems there are several dozen what I
like to call box sometimes they're
poetry sometimes they're just weird
abstract things that crossed my mind
that I thought were interesting so
they're beautifully placed on the pages
also of course there are a lot of essays
and there are a lot of journal entries
it's almost like it's open diary
everyone keeps asking me what my work is
about and it's really hard to explain
because it's kind of about everything
it's literally like as if you took my
mind from the last 14 months and just
threw it on paper you splattered my
thoughts my emotions my feelings my
visual like literally what I saw over
the past 14 months I captured and it's
all in there so it's like that so good
yes my mind on paper going back to that
they're all for around 100 original
photos and if you happen to read my last
book it's nothing like that to be honest
this book in general is nothing like my
last book my last book was very much a
it was basically a novice look on my
childhood I look back on my life it was
a book very much for you guys it was a
book for you guys to learn more about me
and this book does that but at the same
time this is a much more mature novel
it definitely dives into a lot more
mature topics that I mentioned and it's
also just it's my second book I knew how
to write a book after writing the first
one so I definitely approached it in a
very specific way and I was incredibly
picky and incredibly detail-oriented
and I I took it very seriously down so
literally every single font in every
letter placement on every page I like
have been inspecting with a magnifying
glass and my book publishers hate me
if only I could like drag them into this
video they they literally hate me
it'll be perfect though like if it's
that the reason I do it is because I
know what I want and I see it in my head
and I want it to be that on paper
although really quickly I'm sorry that
it's really loud it's been raining for
like a week in Los Angeles so it's just
down pouring about that that's that if
you can even hear that I don't think you
knew that but yes so all of those things
are placed on these pages and they're
all placed very specifically very
beautifully everything is just I can't
even begin to explain how beautiful
everything is oh it's like oh god it's
so beautiful
and also like once you actually get the
book of the book is going to be so
beautiful too it's going to have like
texture and the the letters are going to
be glossy and the photo is going to be
like embossed into it oh god screams
also the photo was taken by I would like
to call my friend now it was one of the
people I followed on Instagram his name
is Sam I'll leave him simple in the
downbar if you want to go check them out
we basically just got on the phone and I
was trying to describe to him when I
wrote about and we were brainstorming
different concepts and somehow we just
came up with it a shattered colorful
road we took this photo it's not like
edited he put LED light on the road he
shot through glass like everything so
it's just it's a real photo semi Sam
whose genius he's a genius kind of looks
pinkish here but it can be very much
more like a like a peach ish colors book
before I had even written it I was like
oh my god I'm picturing a peach colors
book so yeah that's also a few more
things the book trailer my voiceover
from the book trailer was actually a
condensed version of the introduction of
the book so what I said the book trailer
was actually directly from the book so
if you like that tone of voice it's very
similar to that it's not all that dark
like it I know I'm making it sound like
it's really sad and it's really
emotional
is but there's also a lot of really
uplifting nice moments in the book and I
still get across a similar tone and a
similar type of humor that I did in the
first book I think I have my own writing
style now look at me look at me go I'm
an author and then I'm a New York Times
that's knowing that's that's weird some
of New York Times bestselling author
that's we're safely here soon okay but
the video trailer we did I wanted to
take a different approach to a book
essentially this whole book in general I
wanted to take a different approach to
it and I've seen other people do with
books and that I initially thought of
what could be I work with my friend Tim
Keller who is an amazing youtuber
filmmaker
I'll leave Tim gentle in the Donmar he's
an amazing photographer he made the
music completely custom for that video
he's often you definitely please go
follow him please go follow Sam there's
also great and that's been honestly one
of the best parts about this process is
that I kind of brought together a group
of friends to help me make this book
like again Tim is a friend of a friend
Sam is now a friends the same people
that helped me work on my first book my
publishers my editors they all worked
with me on the second book so I just
picked my favorite people and brought
them together to help me make my vision
come true it's been it's been amazing
it's been truly amazing but yeah the
trailer was shot in Oregon me and Tim
flew out there we were out there for
three days and we just kind of shot some
things we went through 19 edits to make
that trailer like we sent back and forth
19 videos until it was absolutely
perfect
I recorded the audio I think four times
so it was it was an effort I'm hard to
work with I'm so sorry to anybody who's
ever worked to propagate it I didn't
know what I want
and I feel like won't stop until I get
it oh god I am a lot but yeah that is um
that's note to self this is like my baby
I've been working on this again for 14
months and I'm so proud of it I say that
about a lot of things but this is one
things that is all me this is so me and
I know them gonna be so proud of this
when it did people
when people can read it and when it can
finally talk about it after people have
read it and consumed it so I don't know
I'm just I'm really proud of this yeah
I'm really proud yeah if you do want to
support me please go - note to self buy
cotton Ernst comm and pre-order my book
their links for the UK Australia Canada
the United States but at the main place
that you can get it right now is if you
get it on Amazon they just drop the
price $10 it's normally $24 because it's
like a hardcover book and have something
photos so it's more expensive to print
but Amazon selling it for $14 and I
don't quite know how they do that but
they're selling it for 14 so if you want
it I would go get it quickly because I'm
sure they can jack that price back up to
24 14 bucks like this so cheap
considering I spent 14 months you're
paying $1 for every month
that's insane why is art so cheap and
another thing I consider this to be like
more than a book and I know that's
incredibly pretentious and me to say but
it is very much like an art piece to me
because I spent so much time on all
elements of it that I see it is like a
little baby work of art that hurts so
much more is going to happen just
because of this I want to make a lot
more videos like the trailer that I made
for specific parts of this book I also
want to do a lot of things that involve
meeting you guys which I can talk about
in the future and following this book
and I also want to bring a lot of the
stuff in here to life and ways other
than YouTube videos that again I will
talk about in the future so get excited
get excited I'm so excited if you do
pre-order it please tweet me letting me
know that you pre-ordered it I've been
following you guys and like they reading
your tweets and interacting with
everybody and the support has been
amazing
like just off the trailer alone when no
one really knew exactly what it is I
explained it kind of through social
media but I didn't do a video like this
and it jumped to like the top 30 books
in the world about free on Barnes &
Noble I don't know it was amazing you
guys are amazing and I love you
guys your support is beyond me I don't
feel like I deserve it but it's just off
of God it's crazy
yeah if you do get it please put me use
hashtag note to self
every time you tweet pictures of it this
book is photogenic I can't wait for you
guys to take pictures of it I think
that's everything I honestly didn't
think I'd be able to talk this much
about it before I was like putting off
filming this video so I'm like what am I
going to say it's so weird to work on
something for so long and then try to
explain it in one video because so much
went into making it so much time so much
of myself went into making this book so
which is weird a very extended notes
about Baikonur calm hashtag note to self
this is a note too so give me a favor
and leave a comment below what do you
hope to see me do with this book where
do you hope to see me go where what do
you I don't know just leave a comment
about the book in the comments down
below I feel like you know what I'm
getting at
okay hello guys I think you're great and
I'll see you soon
digit digit right
