hello hi everybody how's it going
eat me your neighborhood boys back at it
again the last time I did a video about
clothes it is really well you guys
really seem to enjoy it so I thought I
had to do another one I'm a giver what
can I say pretty much I'm just gonna
show you guys some new clothes new
trends new fashion related things that
I've been enjoying lately wearing lately
utilizing lately putting on my body in
this brand new year so yeah let's begin
it's January so it's pretty cold so a
lot of the stuff that I've collected
over the past few weeks months is
related to warm so we'll start off with
sweaters the first sweater I got is one
of my most recent purchases it's this
cute like wool sweater it's from this
place called oaken port never heard of
it before I believe it's a Canadian
company and yeah it's just a very simple
warm sweater I went up with a green
sweater from the men's section and then
I saw this one in the women's section
was like bye bitch that one's mine it
just further proves my need to search
the entire store to get the sweater I
like I've had this for like two weeks
and I think I've worn it for a lot of
weeks straight so that
it is next this hoodie this hoodie is
from a brand called Noah Noah's been a
really trendy brand recently and I saw
that they did a limited collection with
the Keith Haring foundation and I
absolutely love Keith Haring so I legit
I was like waiting in line getting food
somewhere and I saw that this went up
and I immediately purchased on my phone
it didn't even think twice about it I
didn't care how much it was gonna cost I
needed it yeah I've got a Keith Haring
design on the front and on the back it
says peace on earth plus it's in forest
green and I'm just saying I'm obsessed
with forest green next is this hoodie I
wore this in one of my recent videos and
everyone was like where is it from this
is from a brand called fear of God also
in a forest green slash Navy print it's
really cool it fits different from most
hoodies that I've worn it has this weird
like bubble shape to it
but for some reason it doesn't make you
look bubbly it's interesting but I
really really loved this print on the
outside again pretty festive plaid is
very much a winter print flat flat flat
flat so yeah I really I really like that
next is from a little brand called
commerce culture who designed this I
don't know I don't know her I'm not
familiar with her work this is the cult
classic crimson crude X oh my god I'm
annoying from the newest release of
common culture clothing it's so cute I
love it we got that checkered print on
the front we got some small text that's
really hard to read from far away but
when you get up close it's really well
printed culture classic design I'm
ridiculous a common culture cult classic
set it's also got this little graphic
design on the side I don't know it's
really nice it's really simple red and
blue also my former college university
school colors he's a college boy this is
a flannel from Saint you think mobile I
got it at an outlet store and it was
like 75% off it's nice it's a staple
Saint Laurent is a very quality designer
brand but can typically be pretty pricey
so it was nice to get it on sale but
still keeping the quality also I love
these buttons it has on it continuing on
with the shirts we have this very simple
black button-up of which I added a bunch
of pins to I've been obsessed with pins
lately and I've just been pinning my
life there are pins on a pair of pants
down there there are pins on this
t-shirt I don't know I just really like
safety pins I've been putting them on
everything I've been wearing the shirt
like a flannel so usually unbuttoned but
you could totally wear it buttoned up so
it could be either casual or formal but
it's this really nice thick material the
pocket is very squared off soothing my
symmetrical sole no no this is a nice
stable goes with everything
next we have t-shirts this is a very
simple striped t-shirt I really like the
colors on it it was pretty cheap I was
figured it would be an easy staple item
to get some brand called banks it looks
like it should be perfect with a pair of
Levi's got a pocket so you can hide
things in it like a little candy next we
have a shirt that I was really
conflicted about getting this isn't
marv how do you say it Marlborough Mar
Marlborough Mar borough it's a cigarette
shirt there's that brand of cigarettes
it's like really iconic and it has their
logo on the t-shirt I was really
conflicted because I don't smoke
cigarettes myself nor do I want to
promote smoking cigarettes so I had an
idea that I think I'm going to stitch a
little X over the logo so it promotes
stopped smoking but I can still keep the
t-shirt whatever people have done worse
things next we have another simple
t-shirt this is from a brand that I
don't even know something presents
they've got big OC Jean Pigozzi sure
it's just a white t-shirt with a photo
from a st. Laurent fashion show in Paris
France in 1975 I wear this under the
black buttoned up and it looks really
cute together tuck it into a pair of
jeans you look fancy I don't know what
it is but I love t-shirts with photos on
them so yeah this is a must purchase
this is a pretty big hole three more
items then we're done next we have two
new pairs of jeans these are some Levi's
jeans that I purchased recently they're
like a black gray denim they're a little
bit baggy R they're absolutely amazing I
haven't I don't know why but I haven't
had black denim in a really long time I
don't know what happened to all my black
jeans but I couldn't find a pair so I
went on got a new one and these fit like
a dream they hug my body and all the
right places I love them I'm just a
total ho for Levi's apparently but the
next parents also Levi's this is the
lightest denim that I think I've ever
owned shit's so like giving me 90s or
80s dad jeans and you know what I just
love them I put some pins on them too so
that was a cool thing that was like a
whole thing but yeah I don't know if
they look really nice I was getting sick
of dark denim so got myself
and last though she only not least a
baby coat is this technically a Pico
burns just like a time to go what would
you call it not pinch coat this trench
coat was the technical term this coat is
also from Oak in Fort they were having a
sale so I splurged it's a really simple
nice black coat the only problem is it's
not that heavy so I could never really
wear this in a real winter environment
but it really makes any outfit I have on
looked a lot smarter a lot more
professional so I thought it was like a
staple to get I kind of want to have it
shortened because it's a little bit
longer than I like but you have a very
simple nice black coat I love it and you
know that's pretty much it so my
favorite clothes that I've got recently
I really like it it's all very seasonal
most of it's very warm a lot of neutrals
going on the works be sure to let me
know in the comments down below what are
some of the brands that you're wearing
lately a lot of these are from brands
that I've never bought stuff for which
is always really pleasing to kind of
dive into a new brand and a new look a
new aesthetic a new direction also if
you enjoyed this video please make sure
to click the thumbs up I love doing
clothing related videos so if you want
more of them please let me know also if
you're new here make sure to click
Subscribe I put out new videos pretty
much every week yeah other than that
every guys are having a great January a
great new year and I will see you soon
if you very big thumbs up the example of
doo doo doo doo
