do you smell that it smells like a fresh
start and a whole lot of cliches it's
something that I've been feeling
recently after turning the page from
last year to this year is relief like I
feel very relieved I don't know what it
is but I feel overcome with it like
things just seem brighter literally more
like like weightless like I feel light
and airy and bubbly happy I think that I
don't know there's just something about
getting last year off my chest that just
feels good it feels so good I feel so
good this year feels like I'm starting
over
or I guess just re-evaluating things and
trying to remind myself of what's
important to me and to prioritize what's
important to me I think it's all about
putting those things first in my life
and not forgetting about that so here's
the deal I'm taking the phrase new year
new me very literally I wasn't lying
when I said there's gonna be cliches no
I wasn't that continuity seems off so
here I am
hello me and goodbye me like well hello
to the new me and goodbye to the hope
you get it I don't really I have a lot
of plans for what I want to do over the
next 12 months for my youtube channel in
particular I just want to try things and
I want to do things and I know that's
very vague but I feel like I didn't do
that last year all the standards
and how things have to be done all these
cookie cutter content too many C's I
think you get it I'm over that I'm done
with that and I just want to thank
outside the box a little bit which is
fun that is a really fun thing to feel
open to creativity and innovation again
because I've been there before and I
just need to find my way back
ah its continuity it seems so off it
really does doesn't it yeah I'm just
really excited it's definitely not
always going to be this strange or will
it won't and I do have a few tricks up
my sleeve I had to do it all jokes aside
happy 2017 everybody it's going to be a
really really incredible year all
starting tomorrow if you enjoyed this
video please make sure to click the
thumbs up and also leave a comment below
what are you excited for this year also
click Subscribe because I make new
videos almost every week ok you too good
bye
