you know I'm not gonna lie 2016 was one
of the worst years of my life for so
many reasons this year was incredibly
challenging for me many reasons that I
haven't talked about multiple that I may
never talk about and it's easy to let
the difficult things kind of shadow all
the good things I've done a lot of good
things this year has been also really
great today is December 31st one filming
this and I have literally been looking
back my videos and my photos and my
posts all day today I want to quickly
recap some achievements accomplishments
highs and lows Goods and Bad's for you
all right now I went to India and the
Philippines this year I've never been to
either of those places and they were
both two of my favorite places I've ever
been in the whole world it'd have been
to a lot of places I also managed to go
somewhere completely by myself I
traveled to London alone for no reason
just put myself just me that's scary but
it was fun it was amazing and I would do
it 10 times over again my sister moved
in with me this summer I haven't had a
roommate in forever
let alone one of my siblings so that was
really cool I moved I moved to a
completely different location that I was
before I ran a half marathon with my
sister didn't think I would do that this
year and she surprised me and I
surprised myself I was consistently and
constantly reminded of the importance of
having good friends and good people in
your life I have the best friends I've
made so many new lifelong friends this
year and I'm so thankful for them
genuinely they made this year a lot less
shitty than it already was I also lost
several great friends lost a lot of good
friends this year I won the glisten
game-changer award that was unexpected
meet a game-changer
who knew I still don't know why I won
that I also wanted People's Choice Award
I can't believe that was this year but I
won that in January crazy
that's huge like that blows my mind a
People's Choice Award I remember
watching that award show as I was a kid
and I won one of them after winning one
of those Awards I gave a speech I gave a
five-minute long speech and I really
wasn't that nervous I think it was
pretty good
and I really didn't mess up too much so
proud of me giving speeches has always
been one of my biggest fears so the fact
that I got to do that and not really
hate it what school I cried I cried even
more than I normally do it was an above
average rate of liquid pouring from my
eyes than even for me my brother got
married my first ever sibling got
married he now has a wife I have a new
sister a sister-in-law a sister-in-law I
was a groomsman in a wedding and I was
also a bridesmaid in a wedding both for
the first time I don't think many people
can say that they've been a groomsman
and bridesmaid and I got to do it all
within the matter of a few months I was
on the cover of two different magazines
two different magazines crazy so crazy
I'll play a couple more next year
I learned that ignoring your emotions
won't make them go away you need to
acknowledge your feelings even when you
really don't want to my clothes clothes
that I design were in Urban Outfitters I
remember going to Urban Outfitters as a
kid and thinking it was like the epitome
of fashion I was always just like
everything I've been out there sounds so
cool and now to think that I can go in
and Urban Outfitters and see my clothes
I got more comfortable with myself I I
would have never worn suspenders I mean
I would have never worn a lot of the
things I've worn this year I would never
painted my nails I would have never done
any of that even just a year ago so to
think that I you know jumped out of my
comfort zone that much in just a year is
insane and I can't wait to see how kooky
I get next year I went to my first ever
pride parade I've been out of the closet
for several years and I've never
into a pride event but this year I went
to my very first one and it was beyond
incredible there's so much love in that
little area so much acceptance in just
the it was so great yeah that's all I
can think of it was a really shitty year
there was a really really shitty
personal year for me but looking back on
all of these things makes me realize how
how many amazing things were sprinkled
in that I didn't even like to
acknowledge at the time but Here I am
uploading this video in 2017 and I'm
 excited this year is gonna be so
much better than last year and I know
that I'm putting that out into the world
it's gonna be that way for me and I hope
it is that way for you all as well happy
new years everybody I love you I adore
you thanks for sticking around I got
some really great stuff in store for
this year so get ready if you enjoyed
this video make sure ting tums up leave
a comment bye
