it's up you guys this seems like a very
strange setup but you can't see is there
is a suitcase like that so I'm currently
packing to go home for the holidays
happy holidays everybody
he hasn't really been wanting me to do a
haul video so I figured what a perfect
way to pack and do a haul video so I'm
gonna show you what I'm packing to bring
home for the holidays but also it's all
new clothes to catch new but you know
it's all cute so stay tuned I am going
to the Pacific Northwest for Christmas
which means it's going to be cold so I
need warm clothing sweaters this first
sweater is from none other than permit
Outfitters it's a really simple knit
sweater that just looks both classy but
comfy and like a light shade of like a
salmon perhaps I just got it it's real
cute the next one going along with the
red theme is this striped sweater from
the band bang band oh my god
the pan the brand banks I got this one a
long time ago and I've worn it a lot but
again red Christmas festive fun yeah
yeah yeah next we have hoodie since is a
little hoodie that well I made I'm gonna
bring home my white common culture honey
just because I love it and I haven't had
a chance to wear it enough yet and it's
real thick like it's really good
material so it's warm below it's white
so that's kind of dangerous it looks
cool but it's like when you put it on
you have a certain level of danger a
certain level of responsibility cute
this one I just got and I don't actually
know the brand it's from I don't think
it's from the brand election reform a I
thought it was a great political
statement B I think it's like incredibly
dope it's this fabric sewn onto a green
hoodie and I think it's like a vintage
hoodie as well but it's oh gotta love it
also dark green and red Christmas I am
fun say yes to sweaters to hoodies next
we have shirts so I'm going to bring
home one flannel and this flannel is
from the brand scout at Opening Ceremony
it's kind of weird it's been
it's definitely a normal flannel that
has been dyed a bunch of colors and
although it looks absolutely hideous
I really like it like it looks gross but
for some reason I like that about it I'm
never going to fit everything in here
because I still also need to bring
running clothes and like things that I'm
not going to show you that sounds weird
next I'm bringing this very long black
shirt that has balls of yarn on it it's
from the brand Perry Ellis Ellie's I got
it at a random store it's so long it's
the closest thing I own to a dress like
it goes very close to my knees and comfy
and full of wheat it's really cool to
take style risks next I'm gonna bring
home one nice shirt and probably should
bring home too but I want to bring home
just this one again a red shirt this one
is from Topman and I like the pattern
it's both looks like a cheetah print but
also somehow manages to look very classy
though it's fun but classy I don't know
it's really nice under like a black
jacket it's perfect cuz now I'm gonna
transition to jackets it's gonna be
really part of my French cold
where I'm going I'm gonna freeze like I
am a litt IM but a little child i'm
gonna be very cold so I need a couple
jackets the first one I just got the
other day at a vintage store it's a
Members Only jacket and I only got it
for like 30 bucks or something but it
looks oddly very brand new it's like a
dark charcoal gray doesn't really look
like it's been worn too much but at the
same time I can tell it's very old I was
very surprised that no one had gotten
this yet I love it it's like a staple
probably won't keep me that warm but
layering is a thing folks the final
jacket that I'm bringing is one that
I've worn a ton this one is from a brand
called River Island in I think it's
based in London just in London so sorry
you turn on them and you can't get it
was probably based in the UK you're up
it is the same type of material as the
dark grey jacket it except it's in a
brown color and it has this nice kind of
fake sheep wool no God yeah it's a it's
a day it's like a faux wool neck so this
will actually keep me warm that's nice I
of the shacket again very simple a
staple things you can wear a lot perhaps
I don't think I'll be wearing many
baseball caps so I'm going to bring home
a single beanie
a single beanie I'm going to bring home
the common culture natural beanie that I
designed it's a very very thick quality
beneath the black comic culture logo on
is very classy it's double folded so it
kind of is on the top of your head and
not fully taking over your head I don't
like when beanies completely eat my face
what else what else what else I don't
know if it's knows where I'm going I
think it might I think it might even
rain I need to bring a rain jacket I
need to call my mom I'll be like mom do
you think it'll snow on day three of our
vacation and she'll be like it will and
she'll be right she's a genius
she's a genie she is a magician finally
I'm going to bring the whole pairs of
shoes I'm really bad I feel like a lot
of people can just get by with like one
pair shoes maybe two I always have to
bring minimum of three so I'm going to
bring home my classic black top man
boots not boots they're not boots at all
what am I saying
they're just classy nice shoes like this
fake leather they're really cheap but
I've worn them for years I need to
invest up a pair but they look great
with everything if I'm wearing something
that's very boring and I put those on it
automatically makes it look really
classy classy lady next we'll be
bringing home this pair of Nikes that
I've been wearing a lot lately
they are the Nike tennis classics really
like I'll be wearing those probably the
most and finally another pair of Nikes
that I'll be bringing home are these all
black line knit material Nikes these are
really really nice if I'm just going out
for like a longer walk or if we're gonna
like God shopping as a family they're
not warm they're fly net so they're very
very light but they're so damn
comfortable yeah so I'll be bringing
awesome as well I'm gonna bring home
some like running material because my my
siblings are gonna make me run my
siblings aren't gonna make me run a lot
I'm going to earn every bad thing that I
consume because I'm gonna be running so
much I'm gonna be like we ran five miles
therefore I can eat five cookies yep
that's it that's how it's gonna work my
hair looks really I should have probably
looked at this before I started filming
hello I have no idea what I'm uploading
this but either white
happy holidays because
before one of the holidays but I'm
really excited I get to see all of my
family members every single one of us in
one room one room under one roof not
even under one roof under two roofs up
for a week so that's that's exciting I'm
really excited to kind of just unwind
see everyone have fun yeah that's pretty
much it if you want to follow me all my
links will be down below and also if you
want to subscribe I make new videos
every single week but that's pretty much
it if you guys enjoyed this film make
sure the big thumbs up leave a compote
you chew chew chew chew chew happy
holidays
bye
