okay what's up everyone so I actually
have like 30 minutes left in this hotel
room and I'm in Minnesota and I felt
like filming a video so I just asked you
guys to ask me questions and I just want
to get right into it
cut out the no more middle
ground let's go
I haven't even looked at these questions
that I'm just gonna scroll through and
see what I can buy did you delete your
snapchat because of the new Instagram
stories no I just honestly forgot
snapchat existed I'm literally not even
sorry about it I like Instagram stories
better what is your blood type I came
into that can I answer that do you think
children should be sheltered from
unhappiness what the what kind of
questions are these yeah no everyone
should experience happiness and
unhappiness what kind of questions if
you can have one of your five senses
taken away which one would you pick Oh
God um me thank hearing music taste food
eyes sight definitely not eyes touch
feeling what am I missing here some
smell oh my god this is difficult um my
first thought says sense of smell so I'm
gonna go sense of smell sometimes I do
these things and I think they're real
like I feel like that answer now has to
happen I would you rather accidentally
get stabbed or run over by a car
neither but if I had to pick I guess
stabbed because it's like one wound
versus run over a cars like a million
wounds what kind of questions how do you
watched Moana I have and it's very good
I recommend it why validate me bro I
mean convenient merch from Oh validate
validate me mama come cultured echo you
want to raise kids someday yes I really
want to be a dad like Loki I really want
to be a dad eventually not now
eventually in like six plus years I want
to be a dad father Papa sugar Papa who
is the fourth person on who I just spit
who is the fourth person on your missed
call list no I mean I don't know the
fourth person is some missed phone
number like I don't know who it is
fourth person that I know that I missed
is my manager Andrew
Andrew Graham sorry Andrew have you seen
a rival yes it was good I recommend that
the ending will pickles our pineapple
pickles
do you enjoy rap music I do enjoy the
rap music rappers are Kendrick Lamar and
childish gambino opinions on Bon Iver
Jesus reincarnated favorite festive
drinks alcohol how was your mini tour
great I really want to do another it was
too quick what made you change your
display name to Conn totally felt like
it what did you have a breakfast a
frittata do you own an ugly Christmas
sweater if you do show us do I own do I
owe this is there bacon I may have
gotten this
that's a meet-and-greet wait wait wait
for it okay jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way
honestly you're jealous and I
know it I mean is this like is this the
thumbnail is this what YouTube clickbait
is about lab YouTube content nowadays so
good what's your favorite word I believe
in the tweet I used about this video I
said the word bizarre and I do like the
word bizarre but I also like the word
sublime and sublime Sbisa bleep it's
very sibling bit there there is sibling
sibling sibling how many pairs of shoes
do you have
simultaneously too many and not enough
there are many fridge in your hotel if
so what's in it fun fact it's locked I
think they think I'm underage because
there's alcohol in it and food and it's
locked I literally like I tried to pry
it open one of the snack but I couldn't
have one can you say the alphabet
backwards no have you thought about
getting a tattoo recently no what was
your favorite class in school now can
babycakes be the only name you call me
from now on yes awesome tea with milk
delicious if you were a pigeon what type
of pigeon would you be I would rather
die than be a pigeon birds and me do not
get along what if superheroes are for
real I love how that was just like like
such an open-ended question what if
superheroes are real I meet them that's
pretty cool teach me how to how to
superhero
superheroes also please come rescue
everyone in the United States please we
are all literally begging you would you
rather wear wet socks or slightly damp
clothes for the rest of your life that
I'm ill at the thought I'm gonna have to
say hello now you're okay I half wish
you would have come in there she could
have been part of the video laughs
without smiling ha ha ha
it sounds like an evil Santa he can't do
it say bubbles and an angry voice
bubbles and finally how are you darling
I'm good thank you for asking if I was
sweet what a beautiful way to end this
video I feel warm inside is this what
it's like to be loved okay everybody I
think that's it I hope you enjoyed this
very quick very chaotic Q and MN
Minnesota but I go back to Los Angeles
tomorrow Oh got a lot of to do
before at the end of the year get ready
2017 is gonna be a crazy one question of
the video what types of videos do you
want to see me make in 2017 leave your
answers in the comments down below
other than that though I'm doing well I
love you guys and I hope you're doing
well too
so if you enjoyed the video a big thumbs
up leave a comment bye
