good morning good morning but you didn't
expect to see me here daily vlogging
what kind of mixed-up world look very
New York very New York
good morning and hey what's up you guys
this is Connor but I don't know why I'm
walking I do that while I'm on the phone
- I just wander and somehow I find
myself lost hi how are you today I felt
like daily vlogging because I'm a daily
vlog and forever and I'm doing a lot of
fun things and I thought I would just
want to take you guys with me I have an
interview with people a breakfast
meeting a clothing shoot and then a
meet-and-greet for Urban Outfitters big
day fun day yeah I'm just gonna take you
guys with me how do people daily vlog
what am I supposed to say
how are you that's the future of daily
vlogging is when you can respond somehow
immediately that's a live stream I'm an
idiot
okay let's go put this out if I want
them to fix all that mmm
Wow
have you look in the distance you can
see Lady Liberty herself I'm going to be
late because I stopped to get a coffee
how me I've never seen the Statue of
Liberty before this is kind of Awesome
look at that baby pretty but this is
really hot and I'm late so I'm gonna run
I need my map for directions Wow do you
see the clouds I mean that's the Freedom
Tower but you see the cloud wolf dude
it's little things like that like how
low those clouds are and they're going
around the building that make me so
happy and I don't know why actually I
think I need to go this direction this
is really how do people daily vlog
alright guys our next guest has over 5
million subscribers to his YouTube
channel has pinned a New York Times
best-selling memoir and even launched a
record label and then I mention he's 24
strapping years old
welcome Connor Franta hello strapping
years old I don't know strapping me
after having 20 40 there you go
hi great to see who had suspenders on
makes it traffic literally came back to
my hotel for no reason it was like an
awkward amount of time where I had like
an hour and I could go somewhere that I
need to be and be there like 40 minutes
early or I go here and then walk to that
place and be there on time I'm kind of
happy about that because I didn't
exercise this morning and I'm the type
of person that needs to exercise every
day otherwise I just feel like sluggish
so I'm gonna go for a 30-minute walk oh
oh also I completely forgot to tell you
that the people interview thing went
well I get so nervous for those things
that I don't know why I'm always like
super shaky as soon as the camera turns
on and then as soon as it's off I'm like
I'm back to normal I shouldn't be camera
shy like it's I give zero but I
got a lot of chill in me it's freezing
outside I will say if I do pride myself
on one thing it's that I'm a really fast
Walker
yo not cute but the person I was
supposed to meet didn't show up I feel
like I got stood up on a first date but
I have a spinach feta wrap that I got at
Starbucks
how Christmassy oh I'm gonna get hit by
a bus
how Christmassy
she's excited I made it to Brooklyn I
love Brooklyn I rarely oh that's cute
I rarely come here but I love Brooklyn
and I'm here because I'm doing a shoot
with everything that's in this bag and
what's in this bag is common culture
season three surprise and this bag is
like the full collection of common
culture clothing and I'm doing a photo
shoot with it I love Brooklyn
I love common culture clothing and I
love photo shoots so it's gonna be fun
yay I love things I love life
two hours later and that is done oh my
god I'm so excited this is like
next-level
I'm so common culture clothing and comic
culture in general just makes me so
excited because I get to try new things
I get to work with cool people and like
every season of clothing I feel like I'm
upping my game design-wise quality wise
content wise I mean just these images
are gonna be beautiful I'm gonna insert
them because they're already done
they're gonna be done within 24 hours so
by the time you see this look at them
they're so beautiful
look at the jacket look at the
sweatshirt the hand-drawn sweatshirt the
validate me which i think is hilarious
but also like really sexual and like
sexual had a high just that sexual it is
a little bit like like validating me but
also valid and date me so I don't know I
just think it's cool I think it's cool
word yeah it's also exciting I'm so and
then the beanie and the hat and
everything and then not featured the
denim jacket which is really
dope but it took so long to make that it
wasn't featured in this shoot but he's
going to do it tomorrow there's things
that happen that you know just you know
things and stuff and I gotta go eat I
haven't eaten all day
I've had one thing today and it's
already at 5 p.m.
okay so we just got to the event we're
outside waiting to be let it I wonder if
I can sneak up over there and see you
guys format everyone's in there and I
don't want you to see me but I can see
you okay but I wait till we're inside
I'm blocking traffic
okay so I just finished the meeting
great look at that oh how official and
cute and look oh they're over there
those are the remainders can you can you
fathom can you honestly about them yeah
I just got done with the meeting great
it was great
all of you guys are so sweet and you're
right there so it's weird I'm like
talking about you and you're right there
but thank you for coming see that
conversation with the parking garage
it's crazy that is oh my god that did it
did it did I made it back I'm so tired
today it was I didn't even plan to film
today because it was going to be a
particularly busy day but oh my god
was it a busy day crazy I didn't even
show you guys like everything like I
need to do a full video on all the
common culture clothing when you guys
are watching this all the new common
culture clothing is out so go head on
over to common culture Co and you can
get any of that clothing you want
anything go check that out a lot of it
if not all of it is shipping before
Christmas so it'd be a great Christmas
present I think when I do full like haul
video on that next week also thank you
to everyone who came to the
meet-and-greet that was so sweet you
guys everyone was so sweet and awesome
and wonderful like all the past two mean
greets as well I ended the night by the
way that was a Chinese food restaurant I
went with a bunch of friends that were
in town and and now I'm back in my hotel
and I have to fly out in the morning and
I'm so tired you guys enjoyed the daily
vlog do make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and let me know that you guys
liked this kind of content because it
was a lot of sleep on the film normally
I really do hey daily vlogging but today
was fun so yeah okay well oh my god my
pupils are huge Wow Wow I'll see you
next time see oh wait how do I do my
outro I forgot how to be me first I
can't read resumes because have Nova
server should we have a sure
