and what's up guys so this week I have
been very tuned in to music I have a big
sound system in my living room that I've
just been like low-key grinding to
completely by myself I'm alone I have no
friends oh yeah there's just like an
interesting array of music out right now
so as I do I thought I would analyze the
lyrics of that interesting music so this
week I'm gonna go into Billboard's Hot
100 and analyze the lyrics of the
hottest five songs in the country right
now let's go the number one song in the
world or the country I don't know
actually is billboard country or what
number one song in the world right now
is black Beatles the mannequin challenge
song black beetles by race by race rim
trimmer my race Remer featuring gucci
mane i didn't know i don't know that was
duchi mane on that song the hell I know
who Ray is like I've heard a lot of his
music I don't know those Beauty main
also is Ray to people it's already let's
type in it no I probably should be doing
the mannequin challenge for this video
but I'm not creative so here we are
black beetle sigh beetles in the city be
back immediately to confiscate them
monies I always think it's funny when
people call it like the plural form of
money is monies I don't know why I sent
flowers but you said you didn't receive
them that sucks but you said you didn't
need them so did they not receive them
or do they not need them look that girl
is a real crowd-pleaser small world
all of her friends know of me young bull
livin like an old geezer so he's just
talking about himself how he's famous
and that all of this girl's friends know
him oh but he's saying he's a young bull
livin like an old geezer so he's young
and famous but he's not living like a
famous person we will see quick release
the cash quick release the cash watch it
fall slowly oh like making it rain so
white it kills me rock girls still
trying to get even haters mad for
whatever reason smoke in the air binge
drinking they
is it when the DJ drops the needle mean
it just it kind of sounds like every rap
song ever money girls beats getting so
gone I'm not blinking what in the world
was I thinking new day new money to be
made there is nothing to explain
spit that truth fray I'm a black
beetle can I say that I don't know like
it said I'm I'm off like a black people
cream seats in the some form of car rock
and John Lennon lenses someone trademark
that like I see him spread eagle oh my
god that's that could be a sexual
reference also something just happened
outside that freaked me out for a second
took a bitch to the club I can't analyze
rap music I am too wife okay so this
whole song is just about how he's famous
and at the club and yep okay cool it's a
good song I like the manatee challenge
also creative props for whoever on that
team made up the mannequin challenge go
them great marketing the next song
closer by chainsmokers featuring Halsey
we got another interesting one folks
this song I'm sorry it's just so
overplayed I could I could die I like
liked it when it was out for two seconds
but here we are is it raining gasps hey
I was doing just fine before I met you I
drink too much and that's an issue but
I'm okay I'm okay
hey you tell your friends it was nice to
meet them but I hope to never see them
again
again love shoes love issues I know it
breaks your heart moved to the city in a
broken-down car and four years no calls
now you're looking pretty in a hotel car
so it sounds like they had a bad
relationship they had some form of
relationship and it was bad it was good
to meet her but then she left and he
didn't like that but now they meet again
in a bar four years later now III I
can't stop no I I can't stop so baby
pull me closer in the backseat of your
Rover that I know you can't afford that
is just very typical to me
something in Los Angeles all people
driving tons of cars they can't afford
right that tattoo on your shoulder I get
that but I also I'm like don't bite me
kiss it or something don't bite it
Jesus Christ all the sheets right off
the corner of that mattress that you
stroll from your roommate back in
Boulder we ain't ever gettin older
how do you steal a mattress that's like
a big like that's like a big thing to
steal also you are getting older I'm
just being really critical my god we
ain't ever getting older we ain't ever
getting older yes you are you look as
good as the day I met you this is the
halsy part I forget just why I left you
oh so she now sees him in the bar and
she's like oh you look as good as the
day I met you I do forget why I left you
interesting I was insane stay and play
that blink-182 song that beat to death
in Tucson okay that we beat to death in
Tucson okay so that's like a memory of
their relationship and then it literally
just goes back to everything else so
closer is just about a couple that broke
up and then that was meeting back
together four years later and they're
getting together in the back seat of
someone's Rover they can't afford yep
here we are you know the first two
didn't have the best lyrics I'm gonna
lie and actually not starting up strong
this week folks
not starting strong okay let's go to the
next one the next most popular song in
the world right now is called star boy
and it's by the weekend this was a
grower not a shower for me initially I
thought it was just really boring but
then I grew to appreciate it I guess I
don't like love it but I appreciate it I
guess that's kind of all these songs for
me is no offense to the artists is just
it's just the facts facts star boy I'm
trying to put you in the worst mood p1
cleaner than the your church shoes feet
what is P stand for Millie point to just
to hurt you a piece confusing already
he's already lost me damn it three lines
in and I'm lost already lamb just to
tease you none of these toys on lease to
oh okay
wait I get it he's talking about a car
is he showing off of the car is it a
million-dollar car a million point two
dollar car on a major whole year in week
two main bitch out your league
- side bitch out your league - oh I
why do I feel like I didn't know these
lyrics may bitch out your league - side
bitch out your league - oh my god oh
that hits deep so obviously someone has
hurt the weekend who hurt you are you
okay the weekend are you okay
but also like obviously whoever he's
singing about he's still loved if the
person you're singing about is really
worse than the last two people you're
seeing or seeing at the same time but
you're still writing a song about them
and they're obviously they obviously
need something to you pre-chorus how so
empty need a centerpiece pony racks a
table cut from ebony cut that ivory into
skinny pieces and she clean it with her
face man I love my baby you talking
money need a hearing aid you talking
about me I don't see the shade whoever
he broke up with or whoever broke up
with him they are angry at each other I
switch up my cup I kill any pain
confusing but like he's talking about an
empty house initially and then he's
talking about drinking away his pain so
again I think he misses roll number
three look what you've done I'm a
 star boy look what you've
done
I'm a star boy oh wait I
wonder whoever broke his heart he wrote
all the songs about is this like an
Adele thing is this is this like an
Adele thing like everyone writes about
love and then they become successful
this is this one that got away oh I
can't say that immediately can't say the
next word every day someone's trying to
test me every day another person's
trying to test me hole off in that
roadster SUV pockets overweight getting
hefty okay we get it you're rich we get
it we get it you're rich coming for the
king that's a far cry come alive in the
fall time me me I come alive in the fall
I feel like I've never really listened
to the lyrics of that song
I think it's literally just him saying
 you to someone that is his ex he's
like haha screw you I'm a star now I
don't need you oh wait that's kind of
sad okay let's move on to something a
little bit more
interesting okay let's do side by side
by ariana grande featuring Nicki Minaj
this song has been it's been up there
for a long time 12 weeks
awesome 12 weeks Wow sit side by side
with side to side I stay side by side
and remember how it is really raining
out there we do need it we are in a
drought I've been here all night I've
been here all day and boy you've got me
walking side to side let some hosts know
see you standing over there with your
body you feeling like I want to rock
with your body
okay so ariana.sea a boy up in the club
and we don't got to think about nothing
I'm coming at ya cuz I know you got a
bad reputation doesn't matter cuz you
give me temptations so it's a bad boy
and she's a good girl and we don't think
about nothing these friends keep talking
way too much say I should give up could
hear them know cuz I so people are
discouraging her from seeing this person
but she's like it I must see him
anyway that my boo that my bad boy boo
murder me honestly I just I've been here
all night I've been here all day and boy
you got me walking side to side and
trying to hide it boy what's it gonna
hurt if they don't know making everybody
think that we solo just as you know you
got me and boy I got ya oh okay so so
it's either a secret Asian ship or
they're friends with benefits children
cuz tonight I'm making deals with the
devil and I know it's gonna get me in
trouble just as long as you know you got
me I mean they're definitely something
deal with the devil guys they're happen
and these friends keep talking way too
much well let's get down to Nikki's
verse and I just say Nikki's verse on
the radio is the funniest ever
they bleep dicks bicycle and they make
her sound like a chicken ridin bicycles
it make her sound like a chicken listen
to the edited version the clean version
of the song it's so funny every time
it's on the radio
I think of chickens and I die this is
the new style with the fresh type of
flow wrist icicle riding take my signal
come true yo get you this type of blow
that's drugs if you wanna Minaj
I got a tricycle okay but that is
 iconic a Minaj she
used her name which is in relation to a
threesome and she's doing it in relation
to a tricycle amazing lyrical genius all
these bitches floats is my mini-me body
smoking so they call me young Nikki
chimney amazing rappers and they feel it
because they feel in me I give zero
 but I got zero chillin me kissing
me cop the blue box that say Tiffany
just saying that like everyone loves her
all of the rappers love her they write
songs about her than they're proposing
to her with the iconic Tiffany's box ah
yes bitch yes hurry with that shot just
tell him call me Stephanie there's a
reference in there that I'm missing gun
pop I make your gun pop I'm the queen of
rap young ariana run pop ah
puppet so much oh my god I love it so
much that is so great oh what a diverse
group of songs honestly the last two
videos that I've done I've every single
song I thought has had great lyrics
these ones are a little bit mediocre no
offense to the artists I actually love
most of these artists but that's what
happened um I hope you guys enjoyed this
little lyrical breakdown if you did make
sure to have a big thumbs up I think
next time I'm not going to analyze the
top five songs I think I'm gonna pick an
artist like let's say Justin Bieber and
I'm gonna analyze one song from like
every album he's done so it's gonna be
like the musical evolution of Justin
Bieber or a Dell or someone like that so
leave in the comments down below whose
lyrics of their lifetime ooh
lyrical lifetime analyzation great title
that you want me to analyze also just to
let you guys know tomorrow my clothing
line launches in Urban Outfitters and
I'm so excited I'm freaking out it so
excited uh so if you are in any of these
cities any of these fine cities right
over there make sure to go check it out
I'll be in the Los Angeles one tomorrow
for a meet and greet so if you're going
to that one make sure to show up super
early before the store opens the first
200 people to buy products get a
wristband to me
you can just see the clothing stand
because it's gonna be so beautiful and
all the clothing is obviously beautiful
you over to Instagram comm stash common
culture you can see all of the clothes
before you actually go and if you can't
attend the meeting greets they're
available in Urban Outfitters comm
immediately tomorrow okay um I love you
guys and I hope you're having a great
week I will see you next time again if
you enjoy this video make sure to big
thumbs up leave a couple out dude bye
