it was up you guys a little bit of a
different video this just happened to me
so I thought it would just turn on the
camera and talk about it real quick so I
was just in a car accident and I'm fine
I'm so fine I've never been in a car
accident when I've driven before so I'm
just a little bit kind of I'm like
literally a little bit shaky but um but
like everything's fine it was super
minor I just want to quickly talk about
it I want to talk about it because I was
coming home to film a video anyways and
I don't really want to film you know a
silly video now that this just happened
so I'm just like well this is so like
first world problems like something I
can't even think straight I also can't
think straight though it's currently 139
p.m. on Sunday so this morning I woke up
really late I slept in it's a Sunday
people do that on some days I wouldn't
got brunch with a friend and I was
driving back from brunch normal day
normal weekend things I do almost every
single week in my life and I'm literally
shaking like I can't put on this nervous
but so I was driving back from the
bridge I was driving back to my house
from the brunch and I stopped at a stop
sign and then I started going through
the stop sign after stopping and I was
driving towards the green light that was
ahead of me and before I knew it
in between the stop sign and the green
light a girl driving her car came out of
the alleyway and just like hit me so I
was driving and she hit the front of my
car so I didn't like see it coming
it was also she was like blocked so I'm
sure it was like it's technically her
fault but like I get that she couldn't
see me so it was fine minor damages
everything is fine but like I've never
been in a car accident so I'm just
really really shaky and nervous it was
exactly the way that people portray it
in movies that like I saw it happening
and I was driving and she was there and
there was literally nothing we could do
so everything just kind of went into
slow motion if you've ever done bumper
cars before it was that type of feeling
because I was going probably 20 miles
per hour because I was in town it was in
between stop sign and stoplight I just
like wasn't going that fast and it
happened and then like everything was in
slow motion and I felt like I heard that
it sounds so dramatic
god I'm literally fine it was like a
minor thing that happens that happens it
literally happens I think that's what I
said to her when I got on the car like
are you okay I'm okay
and then we assess that we were both
fine like as humans were fine the cars
are not fine like who cares they're just
cars and then we got each other's
information all that but then I was just
like this happens I'm glad we're okay
this is fine literally like everything
aside we're fine um yeah I don't know
hey I like I didn't know what to do like
I got out of the car and I was like so
wait we exchange information we should
take pictures of this right like I just
didn't know what to do I've never done
that was like nothing I've never done
before thank God that I've never done
that before and I'm glad that that was
never happened to me before
and I was coming back home to film a
video but like like I said I don't want
to film a video
I don't know now I'm just like my mind
is completely scattered and I'm like
what am I gonna do for the rest of the
day I don't really feel like doing
anything now I would literally feel like
I was hit by a car I'm laughing because
I laugh when things are like
uncomfortable I was laughs el bad
because I was almost like giggling when
I was talking to her because that's like
how I handle situations like that I'm
like oh my god we got my car accident
and we're both fine ha ha ha like I
don't know I'm weird like that I guess
but yeah that I just that's a life
update if this actually goes up on my
channel sorry that there's no real video
I think I'm gonna make a real video and
just upload a Friday instead but like
for today I'm like I don't want to
pretend and make a funny video when it's
not a funny day I suppose I should take
this moment to remind you that if you're
driving if you have a license if you
operate a motor vehicle please be safe
things like that do happen so please
while you're driving in a car don't get
distracted please be very aware that
like you're operating a very heavy piece
of machinery that can cause damage
please be safe when you drive yeah oh I
thought I called my mom afterwards and
all I oh my god I could start crying um
all I thought was like if it were if it
was like Oh worse I got why am i crying
um all I did was just call my mom and
I'm like oh my god imagine imagine if it
wasn't okay like imagine if I wasn't
okay imagine if it was a more serious
car accident how scary that is
it's really a scary thing it's that's
actually my that's my greatest fear is
that I would get a call like that
um that's yeah that's my biggest fear is
that are we gonna call from one of my
family members that something like this
had happened to them okay
um before I eat before I break down
again I want to laugh this is we're fine
everything's fine
ha ha hilarious it's great life it's
great so far accident I'm fine please be
safe while you drive have a great week
sorry that there's no funny video but
again tell the people that you love that
you love them I love you guys and I will
see you soon with another video bye
