it what's up everyone I am so excited
right now I've been waiting to tell you
guys this for months since the idea even
came about I've been waiting to tell you
it and I'm cutting out all the
like I just want to get right into the
topic of this video and finally talk
about it because I haven't been able to
talk about this in forever I have been
working on something like I said for
months and it's been something that I've
always wanted to work on it's been
something that is to be honest it's like
a dream project for me and I know that
it's just the beginning of it today I am
very very excited to finally announce
you guys that common culture my clothing
brand will finally be in Urban
Outfitters my clothing brand will be in
Urban Outfitters clothes that I designed
will be in Urban Outfitters I'm freaking
out because this is one of those things
that I've always told people I wanted to
do and to be able to tell you guys that
I'm doing it and that I've done it it's
so amazing I just don't even know what
to say my voice is just permanently up
here right now okay so I need to tell
you the details because there's more
than that there's more than just my
clothes are gonna be in Urban Outfitters
basically me and Urban Outfitters got
into talks together and they asked if I
would want my clothes to the other
stores specifically they wanted five
original products so I went out and I
took kind of some old designs and I took
some new ones and we mopped them up to
create five products of mine that will
be an eight urban outfitter stores so
initially we're just launching in eight
stores but if the eight stores go well
it could be a US wide launch and along
with the launch we're gonna do just a
little - or clothing retail stores tour
it is literally perfect so many things
that I wanted to do for so long and I
finally get to do them all in one thing
it's okay so a small common culture
clothing collection that is hard to say
will be in the following cities Seattle
Washington Los Angeles California Austin
Texas Chicago Illinois Orlando Florida
Cincinnati Ohio Minneapolis Minnesota
and New York City New York so the five
products that I designed
in all of those stores so beyond like a
stand like a little custom stand that we
designed together with like a common
culture sign and everything it's so
official it kills me now for dates so
initially I'm going to be doing a small
tour to four of those cities on November
29th I will be here in Los Angeles at
this location celebrating the launch of
a store with a meet and greet on
December 2nd I will be in Austin Texas
right here celebrating launch of the
store with a mean Greek on December 7th
I will be at this location in New York
City celebrating the store and the
launch of the new collection and on
December 9th I will be at this location
in Minneapolis Minnesota putting up the
store and celebrating the launch or
whatever I said I don't even remember
anymore so the 29th the 2nd the 7th and
the 9th those are the meet and greet
stops dates things those are when my
clothes will be in Urban Outfitters
officially those dates so the remaining
cities I'm not going to them sadly but
the clothes will be in the store on
November 29th so soon that is 11 days
from now oh my god there are so many
details I know I'm missing so I'm gonna
make sure I put everything in the
downbar but so for the tour stops I'm
going to be meeting the first 200 people
that purchase items at the store and
I'll be there shortly afterwards and
what mean group will take photos we'll
do all the stuff and also the first 200
people get kind of a special gift and I
think I really want to tell you guys
what the gift is yet you'll really like
it
trust me you'll like it it's something
common culture of course also fun back
there's a third party involved in this
it's common culture meets Urban
Outfitters with glisten in the middle so
as you guys know comic culture and
listen collaborated very recently so
naturally we really want to work them
into this by donating all the proceeds
from Urban Outfitters to glisten so by
showing up you're supporting me you're
supporting glisten you're supporting
Urban Outfitters you're supporting
common culture it is just one big love
fest folks I know I'm missing so many
other things but honestly I'm just so
excited you guys this is something I've
wanted for so long and to reiterate it's
just the beginning there are only four
tour stops on this one it's only going
to be in eight stores initially but
between you and I there are like a
hundred and eighty urban outfitter
stores in the whole United States and I
guarantee if this does well we can get
common culture in
single one of those doors just the the
potential of that makes me want to cry
that would be so surreal as I've told
you guys I really have a passion for
clothing and I have a passion for design
like I designed all these products I
design all the common culture products
and to be one step closer to making this
like a really big part of my life it's
so surreal so thank you thank you for
supporting this before now and in the
future without your support it's nothing
and you literally imagine if like it's
in all of the store account also I want
to do more tour stops so like leave in
the comments down below what city you're
from where you'd want me to go where you
want the clothes to go like I'm gonna
try my best I'm gonna try and push
everyone to do more tour stops to get
into more stores more accessible to you
guys this is really exciting this is my
first ever like major collaboration and
to have it be with such a big brand that
I've been a fan of for so long is again
so surreal
my clothes are nerburn Outfitters my
clothes are never done but closer but
outfitter oh also I suppose you really
want to see a lot of the clothes so I
don't really want to show you them yet
I'm gonna be rolling out pictures on
comic culture socials and probably my
own socials make sure to go follow
common culture on Twitter and comic
culture on Instagram oh my god I totally
forgot to mention that all the products
will be online on November 29th as well
I tweeted something like they're not
going to be in their normal location
because they're going to only be on
Urban Outfitters calm or an urban
outfitter stores yes
act quickly show up I'm so excited to
meet you guys
I'm so excited to see you guys wearing
the clothes the tiniest of sneak peeks
one has this oh god I'm showing a little
bit too much of it one is like this
color another is like like this color I
don't want to show you anything I want
to show you at all I'm too excited I'm
freaking out I love you guys I love you
so much so many exciting things to come
this is oh my god this is like just the
tip of the iceberg so I'm you enjoyed
this video make sure to big thumbs up
leave a comment
bite ugly on door Oh
