hi hi everybody how are you I'm finding
it very very difficult to to film this
video and to I don't know just to talk
about anything it's really hard to exist
right now but I want to do the complete
opposite of that for this video it was
just so much going on in the world
there's so many people talking about it
there's so many things that are geared
towards it and I want to make a video
with nothing to do with it complete
opposite of probably what I should do
but guess what I'm going to do it so if
I can transport you away from that for
five to ten minutes and I think I'm
doing my job I literally have nothing
planned for this I just been going to
talk about whatever so let's just switch
our brains off and enjoy this is
Egyptian licorice tea if you don't know
what a Gyptian like their tea is you are
not living first of all Egyptian
licorice tea is the craziest forms of
tea because this is going to sound this
is like one big innuendo but when you
swallow if it Evi your throat is sweet
it is you won't understand until you try
it any ot is soothing it's rejuvenating
I need both of those things right now
also is aren't prescription here we are
but I tell you I'm planning on painting
my nails for this video I have a pin in
my nails and forever and I feel like a
horrible gay there is for one of them
you you there is a long hair like that
big on these glasses you
this is crusty oh my god say I'm gonna
paint my nails and just chat because
 completely fabricated this set
behind me I feels all just I I faked
everything because the room I'm in is
empty and I
look like if there's something in it
what I love no shade but this is a
lovely shade you could tell I was
incredibly frustrated this morning
because so I went to a cycling class I
went biking
this morning and uh this particular
second class you can get like scored
based upon how well you cycle and I beat
my score by 20 points I got the best in
the class and you could tell how
frustrated I was with life because I was
just biking away my struggles again the
world is not the happiest of places
right now so let's list some positive
things people positive thing number one
I have a tiny grandma this is my tiny
grandma she's so cute I love her to
death
positive thing number two I have an
acorn squash in my kitchen and acorn
squash is great don't try me number
three Christmas is near let's just skip
Thanksgiving because that holiday is
trash you know I'm talking about google
it okay I'm not gonna show you my nails
cuz they're horrible they're so bad I
haven't done this in so long so bad so
bad last night I started watching the TV
show black mirror and it is crazy I kept
calling a black window for the longest
time until someone corrected me each
episode is different characters
different plot with some sort of weird
social element to it or something just a
weird box so we watch black mayor season
three episode one and you'll understand
within the first five minutes how
weirded it I loved it I loved and made
me one to die the phrase I used the
other day about how I feel right now and
how I've just been feeling for the past
like 48 hours is this is like an
emotional hangover like have you ever
had just a night where you are so sad
you're so so sad you literally a cry
yourself to sleep and you wake up the
next morning and you have a headache
your pillow is just like slightly wet be
from all the tears your body aches your
mind is numb and that's that's how I've
been
I said this video would be positive I'm
lying to you more happy things I am a
DIY queen look at these people avoid
conflicts do you see this nice piece of
meat pay attention to the ankle I cut my
jeans and book I've never once before
thought pants are long I can just cut
them for some reason I've always if I
ever happen to have pants that are too
long I just deal with it
I cut them I cut six inches off my own
pants and I feel great about it
righty I think the only thing I can
remind anyone watching anyone I don't
care who you are I don't even care where
you're from if you're a human listen be
kind to one another just be kind to
people I feel like and especially now or
so than ever before the world just needs
some kindness is general kindness
towards people because I think everyone
is a little bit shaken and their
standards of human beings are very low
at the moment so just be kind to people
oh I have a story ok perfect
this is a story about kindness so the
other day I was in this fine
establishment getting something tailored
which I've never done before
it was tailoring a suit for the glisten
gala because I am small and it did not
fit me this man probably an older man I
would say he's probably at least we'll
say 65 70 was there never met him before
I walked in to pick up my supposed
tailored suit and he said oh no I need
15 more minutes you know it's not ready
yet I was like great I have somewhere to
be I thought it'd be ready I was like
you know it is what it is 15 minutes I'm
not that rushed of a person so I was
like okay I'm gonna go get a coffee and
I said oh do you want anything to this
man that I've ever met before and the
way he looked at me he looked in utter
shock that I was asking if he wanted
anything from the coffee shop down the
street and he said oh um how about how
about like a peppermint tea he looked
like he was like scared to respond in
the weirdest of ways I was like yeah
look at you apartment II I got my
peppermint tea I walked back with my my
peppermint tea together we woke up ever
mint tea and was wreck our tea together
and he was so happy and so grateful and
it was the
this thing ever dislike made my day it
made my day to do this easy thing by
offering someone else a beverage but it
made him so happy and it made me so
happy in matter I just think people need
to remember to do things like that more
often is it just to be nice to people no
intentions other than just being nice to
someone that's my random story the nails
have never looked worse I'm not even
going to show them I'm not even going to
show them like my true colors I will not
show these nails I should also probably
mention that this video is sponsored by
audible out of all is the leading
provider of audiobooks with a ton of
different titles and going along with
the theme of this video this week I want
to recommend you guys Amy Schumer's book
the girl with the lower back tattoo
she's funny
I find her very funny I have yet to
listen to her book but I'm gonna
recommend it to you guys because I've
heard it's very funny as well and I
think we all need a little bit of
something to uplift our spirits so if
you use audible.com slash Connor you can
get a free 30-day trial and you can
actually go listen to amy's book it's
great service and I will leave the link
down below again this is audible.com
slash Connor read a book back to the
lovefest a nails are done I'm not gonna
lie they're done they aren't done but
they're done if you know what I mean I
don't even know if I know what I mean by
that
okay let's seize more happy things
puppies exist
kittens exist that feeling where you
wake up super early
you'll get your alarm and you're like oh
my god I could sleep for a lot longer
living plants he you and me you don't
even know what I'm talking about
and more I'm not gonna lie this was
pretty relaxing just to sit in a quiet
room paint my nails drink some tea chat
about nothing it was really relaxing I
hope you guys found a relaxing I hope it
got your mind off the world for even
just a second I can't say anything
that's going to make this better
I can't frankly against anything that's
gonna make it worse all I'm going to say
is that we need to be kind to one
another and stand together we need to
unite as people and not further separate
ourselves as we found with this election
we are very much divided and
if there's any way that we can figure
out a way to come together we really
should do that okay this I don't want
this to be political everything has been
political I just want you okay yeah I'm
here I just that's that that it just
that's it love you guys I love I love
every single one of you you are loved by
me and by so many people things will get
better keep your chins up and I will see
you guys this Friday actually in another
video so again if you enjoyed this video
make sure big thumbs up leave a comment
by
