okay here we are we're doing it we're
doing it it was a big as it's Connor and
today I'm brought to you in my hometown
my hometown my hometown my hometown I
look like a little bit of a mess I'm
sitting in a bunch of leaves the Sun
will be down in exactly 23 minutes here
comes a car yes yes yes stare at me love
me
I don't really care anymore um also I'd
like to point out that I'm wearing the
same thing as I did two weeks ago very
cool
we're awesome I don't know I want to
film I have been filmed in a while and
I'm gonna probably film a video about
why I haven't filmed in a while soon but
for today I just want to answer some you
guys questions because I haven't talked
to you guys in a while and I don't know
I just like talking to you guys so yes I
picked up some really interesting
questions today so stay tuned watch the
whole thing I definitely am going to
leave one of them probably the title
maybe not the title for the very end so
stick around and listen put your ears
forward I feel like I would Loki look
real cute like that quickly before we
start though I want to let you guys know
that this video is sponsored by live me
live me as a live streaming app that you
can download to your phone and the
really cool part about live means
monitoring this video is that over the
next month
I have several huge announcements for
you guys and I'm going to be able to
give you guys a bunch of inside
information with things as they're
happening so it's a really convenient
sponsorship and I'm really happy to be
working with them I'm going to be doing
four live streams over the next month
there'll be every single Saturday at 2
p.m. PST that's 5 p.m. in New York and
like 10 p.m. in the UK it's pretty
convenient for a lot of the world so if
you want to watch me do a Q&A very
similar to this on live me but live
click the link down below download live
meat for free thank you let's begin what
is your favorite thing to do when you're
in your hometown honestly yeah I just
like being home because it's so quiet
like I'm sitting on my front lawn and
it's this quiet that's amazing the only
thing I hear is like a couple cars way
in the distance and I hear leaves
falling around me I see leaves clear um
it's just so damn peaceful and it makes
me so happy to be home just as I say
that a car comes and ruins the video do
you have any favorite lgbtq+ movies I'm
so glad someone has this question
because I recently saw two films two of
my favorite films I think I've ever seen
in my entire life and I saw them that's
the noise I saw them within the last two
weeks okay so the first film that I saw
is called closet monster and the second
film I saw is called moonlight both are
films that center around two gay males
falling in love both are completely
different closet monster is kind of a
weird interest
stylistic approach to it it's a very
simple story but the way they film it
and the way they acted out is just
amazing moonlight on the other hand or
moonlight also is a very stylistic film
but what I love about it is is the type
of relationship these people have and I
really don't want to ruin anything for
you guys cuz both in a way have simple
storylines but they come out as complex
films either way go see em they're both
worth it they're two of my favourite
movies I've seen in years and I think my
favorite part about that is I they're
not even my favorite films because
they're LGBTQ films they're just my
favorite films it's getting so dark uh
how much did you cry during your
brother's wedding my brother just got
married yesterday that's why I'm home
and it was the perfect day the weather
looked like this my brother's wife was
stunning my brother looks so handsome
here we are again actually that was kind
of cool can you move that can you back
that car up back that ass up back that
ass the wedding was perfect the weather
was perfect the food was perfect the
guests were perfect it was so perfect
and I cried a good dozen times do you
like glazed donuts or plain doughnuts
honestly I'm going to get so real right
now
doughnuts may be the best thing ever I
like all types of doughnuts but I oddly
love just plain cake doughnuts literally
because it's just cake I like cake no
that's more fucking amazing I'm gonna
keep throwing leaves at you have you
thought about getting a tattoo anymore
okay so update on the earring it's
apparently bruised I don't know if you
can see it can you see it I can't see it
but apparently it's really bruised back
here so that's an update on the earring
but why bring up the earring is because
I see why that one people when people
get a tattoo they always say they have
an itch to get more tattoos and I get it
because as soon as I got this I was like
I kind of want another piercing and then
I was like oh but I also kind of wanted
like a tattoo how cool would that be I
get it so I don't know if I want to
tattoo but I want one more than I wanted
one two weeks ago this is getting dark
Glen wonder if we can adjust my laptop
oh my god oh good god I suck I made it
brighter
we made it brighter do you miss your old
apartment I don't miss my old apartment
I actually really love my new place
and I was really happy to kind of change
honestly I was just happy to move
locations I was happy to move into a
different type of place a different type
of architecture my new place is so
bright I don't miss my old place I love
my new place how was your experience
with weed a Toronto so the other week I
spoke at this thing called weed a and it
was really cool I spoke about before
cars murder me
this video is going interesting the
memory card just got full
it is officially dark outside this I
guess this is my first video I've ever
filmed that night so like that's new we
date Toronto was great I spoke in front
of 20,000 kids and I used to have such a
big fear of public speaking in general
so the fact that I was able to speak in
front of 20,000 kids was pretty amazing
and I pat myself on the back for that
because I'm very proud of myself
any new common culture stuff coming soon
this month new common culture stuff
coming this month and by stuff I'm not
even gonna tell you what I mean by stuff
because stuff actually means a lot of
things all I'm gonna tell you is that
next Friday to Fridays from now on the
18th big announcement big announcement
on this channel get ready
will you be having any meet up soon yes
do you have any secrets you want to
share I got really really drunk last
night
like really really drunk and I'm
definitely hungover while filming this
video yep I'm here folks I'm here and
the final question of the Q&A that I
would like to answer is who are you
voting for tomorrow November 8th is the
day that you vote for the next president
of the United States of America tomorrow
to-morrow people have been talking about
this election for so long this election
has been intense it's been crazy it's
been honestly surreal it's been in my
opinion one of the one of the craziest
things that's happened to the United
States in a really really long time so I
want to encourage you to get out there
and vote I think people in this country
really take it for granted how much
their vote matters and I think this
election is the perfect case to remind
you that your vote matters the
difference between someone who promotes
equality among genders races sexualities
and everything in between and someone
who doesn't
tomorrow is the difference between those
two types of people one or the other
becoming president and running this
country and representing this country
you need to decide who you want to be
that person please go vote your vote
matters also please remind everyone in
your personal lives to vote I've been
using my platform to tell people to vote
but I've also been taking the extra
effort to make sure my family and my
friends are a informed be registered and
see actually voting the amount of people
I know that don't actually vote even
though they can and they're registered
and their work has given them time off
and they've been prepped for this for
literally months is it's beyond me so
yes tomorrow November 8th please go vote
I will be voting for Hillary Clinton the
only person that I think is qualified to
run this country
in the selection a beacon of hope this
is all so funny to me I just find this
hilarious because I originally wanted to
make such a serious video and Here I am
sitting in the dark like my card running
out of memory me just interrupted
constantly I don't know
before anything else goes wrong I love
you guys like oh if you guys been raised
a big thumbs up leave a couple of dude
