hey what's up everyone so this week I'm
gonna do something just a little bit
different I'm actually just filming this
on my phone we're gonna film this very
real very raw little bit whispery so
this week I'm doing something that is
totally out of my character a little fun
fact about me I have never really done
anything to alter myself
I've never gotten surgery I've never
gotten a tattoo I've never gotten up
here saying I've never even dyed my hair
today I'm actually going to go do one of
those things it is such a small thing
for most people but I've never done it
so I'm really excited today I'm gonna go
get my ear pierced that's it I'm gonna
go get my ear pierced and I'm really
excited cuz I'm again I've never done
anything like this before so and I just
I don't know to expect I'm excited I
thought I'd fill it for you guys cuz
it's kind of like a life moment why not
let's do it a lot of you have been
wondering why I like already seem like I
have an ear piercing it's because I've
been wearing a fake ear piercing for
like a month now this is the one right
here it's like a little clasp and I've
been wearing it because I didn't know if
I wanted my ear to be pierced so I just
went out one random night found a place
that was selling fake earrings put one
in and I loved it I don't love to
etiquette so fun every morning when I
got to put it back on I was so excited
and that's how I knew I wanted to get it
for real so I'm gonna bring you guys
with me let's go
holy shit I did it it didn't even hurt
it did it come on you grab my hand the
whole time you told me to have it I'm
like that's like a rite of passage that
you have to hold someone's hand while
you do things like this I wish I could
have gotten like a hoop
I almost got a lightning bolt but um I
wanted to get a hoop or something but
apparently can't do that first time but
look at that I'm so excited I'm yep I'm
still obsessed I'm looking at look how
red my ear is oh my god poor thing I'm
an announcer Lee hot ok I'm gonna finish
this later I just got back home oh my
God look at it don't look at that look
at it I am so excited
oh my gosh I really do wish I could have
gotten a hoop or I almost got I guess I
almost got a lightning bolt uh but I
thought I'd just go super plain and
simple for uh for now and then you know
I'll update it later
and my ears really red because he was
like clamping it so for anyone who
hasn't gotten up here saying it was also
interesting because I've never been with
someone to get a piercing I've never
been to get a piercing myself they have
a whole case of just different earrings
you can get like they have really cheap
ones really expensive ones and then you
just pick one and then you have to like
sign your life away and for this
particular one you couldn't film on the
inside so I was like well I'm already
here sadly I can't film but it was like
quick I filled out the form I walked to
the back he heated up all of the
materials like he heated up the earring
he heated up the needle he heared heated
up everything so that like it sanitized
it and then he clamped my ear stuck me
and I was done it was it took like two
seconds I'm also just so surprised
because it didn't it didn't even hurt I
like I feel like I've heard people build
it up that like you feel a pinch or I
don't know that it like hurts a little
bit but for me it honestly didn't hurt I
don't know I think the only part that
hurt
was the process after
words like not the actual piercing part
but maybe like taking out the needle I
couldn't see what was going on I don't
know what the fuck happened so if you're
if you're getting this pierced it
doesn't hurt all the rest I don't know I
mean like I'm assuming that that would
hurt real bad there was a girl that I
met afterwards it was getting her septum
pierced I'm like huh and now I did it
it's you oh my god I'm so excited I'm so
excited I did something that is so out
of my character this is like a bucket
list thing for me I was oh I got a guy I
put a hole in my body what does it look
like on this can I do that is that kind
of like hard it this is the most
unflattering angle in the world I am
that's a that's a life moment it's a
life update with Connor I'm so excited
okay um I love you guys and I'll talk to
you later if you enjoy this video make
sure big thumbs up leave a comment also
common culture coffee new coffee comes
out in like a week so if you want the
new comment culture coffee click the
link down below more life updates the
new there's new packaging it's beautiful
okay I love you guys see you later boy
