oh boy oh boy does I does I oh boy oh
boy do I have a surprise for you second
time's the charm hey what's up you guys
so this week I was inspired to do
something just a tad bit different I was
thinking about doing a Q&A but then I
wanted to add a twist to it so what I
just did is I texted my mom and said hi
mother I said mother I never seen her
quick question if you can ask me any
five questions no boundaries and have me
honestly answer them what would they be
I Center that completely out of the blue
like I wasn't even planning on
necessarily filming today so it's gonna
catch her off guard essentially because
I want her to be open and honest and
just asking whatever she wants they
could be anything like they're they're
probably not gonna be really crude or
explicit as I know my mom but they could
be I don't know who knows who knows what
if my mom just asked me like incredibly
explicit questions Oh gasp before we get
to the questions I want to quickly let
you guys know that this video is
sponsored by audible honorable is the
leading provider of audiobooks with so
many different titles they have so many
books and are a fantastic service so the
book that I want to recommend you guys
this month is the girl on the train and
I know I've recommended you guys that
before but the girl on the train is out
in theaters and I thoroughly enjoyed
listening to the audiobook version so
before I go see that I want to go listen
to it on audible and if you guys want to
listen along with me use audible.com
slash Connor to get a free 30-day trial
I'll put it down below but again that is
audible.com slash Connor read a book
onto the questions I'm like just like a
tad bit nervous cuz I mean I haven't
read these yet nothing I've ever done is
like in this candid brawl I know this
video is gonna flop I'm putting my trust
in my mother can you trust her okay
number one are you happy with who you
are and where you are in life at this
point I knew it I knew she would go deep
you guys wonder why I'm like such a deep
person it's cuz I get it from my mom and
my dad at this point in my life like at
the ripe age of 24 I am very happy with
who I am and what I've accomplished all
things aside I really do feel like I'm a
great person doing great things
and I don't feel bad for saying that I
feel very very fortunate to be Who I am
and I'm very proud of Who I am which is
a really weird thing to say but I really
am but also I really do look forward to
becoming me like I know that this
version of me is not the final version
of me so I look forward to being the me
that I will be in the future
and by no means am I done doing stuff so
I'm so excited to keep working and keep
pushing and keep just keep going okay
now I let's see if the next one's deep
is there anything that dad and I could /
should have done as your parents to help
you recognize / accept your sexuality
parentheses I feel badly that I was so
clueless so for anyone watching my
parents didn't know that I was gay
growing up so when I told them they were
really really shocked they just they
didn't know they were okay with it but
they didn't know I did a really good job
of hiding it oh I can laugh because the
pain is gone to be honest no mom um you
guys were my parents are fully accepting
people they have been nothing but kind
and loving to everyone every type of
person I have the best family I have the
most accepting family of the most okay I
don't know I just I love my family like
I I couldn't ask for a better family
we're also loving we're all doing our
own things in life we all call each
other every and almost every day I
literally talked to like every single
one of my family members this week
already and I just feel lucky to have
that
so in summary no I don't I actually
don't think my parents could have done
anything I think it was just kind of a
self battle of me not wanting to accept
it myself yeah I don't know but I guess
if any parents are watching this just
like always have an open dialect with
your children and I guess just even kids
watching this that have friends just
always be talking to people always be
conversing and always like let the
people that are closest to you know that
they can tell you anything and they can
fully be themselves I think that's all
we can really do in life number three
okay the first two are deeply sleepness
is there anything that you wish you
could change or do over
interesting goop air-conditioning turned
on I'm turning that off tada
I guess like I answered for question
number one I am very happy with who I am
now I think if I wasn't happy with who I
am now
I would totally want to change so many
things but if I were to change things I
wouldn't be the person I am now so I'm
afraid to say that I would change things
hypothetically speaking if I were to
change something I would one I would
come out sooner I think life would have
just been more interesting if I was
openly gay in high school and if I was
openly gay in college
it would just be interesting I guess to
see what would have happened I don't
know and also something that I just
thought about too is I wish I found a
way to finish college and still be where
I am today like I wish there was a way
that I still was able to finish off
those two years at school and somehow
still be exactly the same person with
the exactly the same experiences as I am
today but that's just me like nitpicking
things I don't think I would actually
change those because I think that would
change who I am
okay I'm just just blabbing on number
four what drives you nuts about your dad
and me oh no I suppose these don't have
to be about me she had just told her she
could ask me any questions she wanted um
oh gosh let me think there's not too
much right now because again we like
leap we live separately I mean like when
I was at home there was probably plenty
of things but like if that's what
happens we live with people as you find
things to nitpick about them I guess one
thing that comes to mind and my mom was
gonna hate you for this but so my my mom
is currently planning my brother's
wedding and she just talks about it
non-stop mom I love you but you talk
about it so much can I even put that on
the Internet mom I swear I'm okay with
that I love you I don't know but that's
over in like a month
so that'll change my dad my dad my dad
just has so many like bad habits and I
like pick up those habits from him he's
like a loud eater and stuff is even a
loud eater am I just making that up we
make a video every single year for my
dad's Father's Day video basically just
dragging him we like basically just
tease him about all the crazy things he
did
year or all the new habits eform that
year so I can't even pick on my dad I
love you I'd seriously I love I love you
mom and dad I love you guys okay the
fifth and final question is what is the
biggest dream that you have at this
point is my biggest dream my mom of
course just went like all like the deep
questions I told you there would be
nothing like explicit it's interesting
because I would have answered the
explicit questions too not that I would
want those questions where I want the
attract I'm trying to think of something
that's not cliched I feel like I've
recently realized that my biggest dream
are just kind of where I'm finding my
passions leave me too
I would really really love for my
clothing brand common culture to be a
legitimate clothing brand
it's a weird dream of mine right now and
ever since I got this idea in my head a
couple months ago
it's a weird dream of mine to have like
to present it at New York Fashion Week
to be a legitimate designer who goes and
like picks out different fabrics goes to
dye houses and selects like my own dye
like a legitimate designer from like
start to finish and then having it be
modeled and presented on a runway I
don't know there's something about that
right now that just sounds like the
coolest thing that I could possibly do
and I don't know why I don't know I've
never even like talked about this to
barely anybody to be honest but like
that is something that I I strive for
and like secretly dream about yeah in
general it's just like just like never
get sick of creating in all realms like
I love to write I love to design I love
to make videos I love to take pictures
like I just hope I never get sick of
creating and if I can always be doing
this in some form like that I'm living
my dream that's where I find myself
being my happiest so if I'm continuing
to do what I'm doing I think I am living
my dream that makes me pretty lucky okay
I think I just kind of just kind of
blabbed um a bit big shout out to my
mother for submitting those questions
I'd be now that I've read them because I
didn't want to read them I'm gonna ask
her if my dad actually helped as well
I'm assuming he'd want to know those two
yes so happy has a droid this video I
forgot to say that I got this idea from
Tanya burr and Jim Chapman they're
married and they did this together I
believe a long time ago but okay
everybody um that's about it look
forward to some really really really
cool coming within the next month
and two months from now up until
Christmas there is some cool stuff that
I have to finally show you guys to
finally talk about so get excited for
that I'm sorry to tease I know you guys
hate it when I tease but uh yeah that's
pretty much it I hope you guys are
having a great week I love you guys and
I will see you next week
if you enjoy this video make sure to big
thumbs up leave a couple of bite
