as is this tada
oh my god that always wanted to have the
sound quality good nesting with it you
know this quality
now you can music oh hey what's up
everyone so today I'm here with me purr
is me
this is Dodi hello I'm British that's
why we're drinking thank you for
introducing yourself as British because
I normally have to do that yes so Dodi
and I find ourselves in London and we're
drinking tea at like 8 o'clock at night
because that's what people do in London
is that not does not want people doing
it's not what people doing yes it's what
people get wasted I mean I mean we also
do that but we know he is well genuinely
like people go to pubs and they're like
should I get a cup of tea which I love
but people I guess get coffee do is have
a lot of coffee here the person sink
drinking like people can drink coffee
but tea is just like gonna come in have
a cup of tea
yeah it's so hospitable I love it
hospitable hospitable hospitable
hospitable hospital we were there last
night it's what we played when we played
the game we're about to play the two of
the words the people said were hospital
and anal I don't know how they got it oh
I've let him just go darker and darker
and darker oh I'm so excited so okay
what is this game okay so last night we
were playing a game uh at a little
get-together we had pizza we watch The
Breakfast Club and we were playing this
game called I don't know what's actually
called but I call it three two one even
though it's not each person picks a word
a random word and then you say three two
one and you say your word and then the
goal is to eventually say the same word
so you have to find a word that's
similar in between those two words cool
I have played this okay okay I love the
point in the video where you turn to
each other and now it's like I broke my
thumb oh I'm sweaty I'm sorry I know tea
makes you sweat and also when you're ill
like me you have a fever and I came over
here I came over and I was like oh by
the way I'm sick like
and no I haven't been sick in three
years we love it
what no not really I get sick like every
December and that's about it that's a
Taylor Swift song is it
no she's a December in like dumpling
okay free play well no my gosh I have to
think it was I'm not very good at being
spontaneous three two one tandel what
imagine we said that's a night away
I literally so like I know wait I'm
eight kindly easy it's obvious three two
one
party oh I like can I hang on dirty and
hot doggy and hot okay okay the same way
cuz dude I think we just won I know I
know you threw me you said a name no you
also do like think like what I'm gonna
sign up to think what you're i can't
that makes Mosin I don't know these
words don't go together three two one
room two one Bell we're like going on
tangents three two one rest
thank you getting past when you're sick
sick and rest
no right to one said oh yeah me going
again browse there is do you say a word
that you've already said you can oh but
you're not going to looking sad sir okay
that's what you were hinting that
reading three two one pillow we're
getting closer though duvet duvet is not
Ord Americans use let's get that right
blanket comforter covers or blanket
comforter Oh Oh common ground here okay
ready 3 2 1
sheesh so good this is pretty great too
one sleep thank God yeah gosh I love
that it's just gonna be just your foot
like talking in camera I wanna do it
again but I'm also afraid that we're
gonna like take 10 tries again okay come
on we're doing this is this is the thing
this is easy on a set so obvious no wait
I can't think of something
three two one star odious stars Oliver
floor I use in film also a lot of other
forms don't look at my dirty carpet
well I've just pointed it out now and
that's all you're looking at so there's
blue they're round they're insecure
about something don't point it out like
I'm looking at so on and jacket star and
jacket three two one celebrity star in a
jacket I was like pin badge oh I thought
you were just I thought you had a really
good I was on the body right to one
close 3 2 1 . are you joking are you
honestly kidding me right now you say
def I know my favorite thing to say
since I've been in England has been boy
Rob just out of context it hi pop hi hi
Brad oh yeah yeah yeah man why do you
sound like a barking wait like they do
the English men that's they do to me hey
but three two one okay are you by the
gate collab everyone that's me that
guitar to one gentleman okay what would
you say would you say this one I don't
know Americanisms I hope you say this
wrong there's an Imagi - is it uh no
perhaps an escheat adverb three two one
foci oh my gosh there's one right in
between this suit and bowtie come on
brainwaves
three two one we did it you'll posh and
I'm like I'm over it I'm done okay right
so we go one more time
three two one play let's do you make me
smile obvious okay it's so alright three
two one water kinda close the water and
Sun Oh God
oh yes the Excite well what does water
and Sun make the sort of applies to us
both cuz we've both three to one life Oh
what
okay I get what it relieves us but I was
like oh my mind when humans and then
alive applies well now that I know now
we are this oh wait what can we say here
I'm a little bit you're mostly wait to
what gay oh that's funny I can like quit
YouTube right now we're done thanks
everyone see you never
at least we ended on that word gay I was
like but you're not I'm a little bit I
don't know why more is the tier I'm
sorry it's the to spill the tea we
didn't smell anything
well maybe we'll spell the TN Dodie's
video I'll find out Dodie is gonna paint
my nails and give me a face mask yeah
thanks for being my video thanks for
having me nowhere is crazy fun game
let's play it in like two years
and I reckon we'll get it in like we'll
get back well I feel like we get it kind
of now yeah but ya know but in my last
word what's up yeah
if you want to go check out the video we
did on Jody's channel click perfect is
that's nothing to click someone's face
it's very 2013 click her face or click
the link down below or go to youtube.com
slash Dada
well done afloat god-awful eyes you want
to sing with me
I click subscribe and click thumbs up
and leave a comment all that all that
fun stuff yes please umm if you enjoyed
this video make sure to big thumbs up
leave a comment below dude yeah yeah
