have to be guys so this week I was
feeling particularly chatty but I don't
really feel like doing anything
necessarily funny it's not that I don't
want to be charismatic but I just don't
feel like being over-the-top I just feel
like being real with you guys and having
a little bit of a chat and in spite of
the charity campaign I'm doing with
glisten I thought it would be very
appropriate to have a chat purely about
lgbtq+ things but before we get into
that chat I just want to quickly let you
know that I have extended the charity
campaign for another 12 hours are you
watching this video right now if you
want this t-shirt or this hat or you
just want to make a general donation go
to comic culture Cove very quickly
because these products and this campaign
will be done tonight thank you for all
your support on it already it's doing so
amazing and I'm very proud of you guys
but let's just get to the Q & gay Q and
gay
again mind you these are all related to
most likely me and being gay let's just
these are a bunch of gay questions do
you still get nervous while coming out I
don't particularly get super nervous
anymore and I think that's purely
because of my environment so I live in
California right now and being gay is
kind of a very normal thing here I feel
very fortunate to say that like I never
thought that I would say that I don't
feel that uncomfortable coming out to
people but I don't when I go back home
to Minnesota or if I'm in like a
different country I feel a little more
hesitation but in general I feel great
when did you first know you were gay so
I first started questioning that I
wasn't straight when I was about 12 or
13 years old I just remember looking at
guys differently and never really
looking at girls and I was very
terrified of that but I always knew that
something was different I don't think I
actually knew that I was gay until maybe
like 2 or 3 years later and then I just
hit it and hit it and hit it and so on
and so forth the rest is history folks
what's the best gay club story you have
oh god um I don't I'm not sure I have
like an amazing story yes I've been to a
lot of gay clubs I've actually been to a
lot of gay clubs in a lot of different
places like I've been to them in the
u.s. the UK Australia and I don't know I
I guess the first thing that I remember
is just kind of my first experience and
I remember being so scared because I was
like okay I'm going to a gay place like
all of these people here are going to be
a part of the community and I was just
very nervous it was almost like I was
meeting a group of fret it was almost
like I was meeting my friends group of
friends that I'd never met before and I
wanted to make a good impression yeah I
can't think of one particular story but
I think that's probably a good thing
because I've never really had a bad
experience just all been pretty good
pretty fun what was the scariest part
about coming out to your friends and
family I think the scariest part about
coming out to anybody is just that
slight fear no matter how much you know
the person that they won't accept you or
that they'll react poorly I think no
matter who I was coming out to that was
always just a back thought in my head
like oh what if this goes wrong and
luckily it never really has for me
that's another question I got a lot
during this this Q & gay is that I
really haven't had a poor reaction to my
face or no one directly has been
negative towards me coming out to them
in person behind my back most likely
most definitely I can laugh about it now
because I'm comfortable myself what was
your first kiss like so my first kiss
with a girl was very just normal and
kind of boring I probably told you guys
the story a million times but it was
just very kind of bland and I didn't
really feel too much
I felt the excitement because it was my
first kiss but there was no like there's
no like love feelings afterwards my
first gay kiss was amazing I think it
was because I had waited for so long to
kiss a boy that when I finally kissed a
boy I just felt incredible like it was
an indescribable feeling I don't know it
was a it was perfect it was it was just
perfect did you feel it was easier to be
yourself after you came out I don't
think I really was myself until I came
out I feel like after I came out and
still to this day I'm discovering a new
me almost every day and maybe that's a
normal part of life no matter what your
sexuality is but I just I feel like
after I came out I I became me like I
became the person that I am finally I
don't know if that makes sense
have you ever had a crush on someone
that is straight every goddamn day my
life oh god there's so many attractive
straight people just boys and girls
there's a lot of attractive straight
people how did you feel while you were
making your I'm not gay video this one's
funny I don't know if I've ever talked
about this on my youtube channel but for
all of you that don't know I have a
video titled I'm not gay and I made that
video years before my coming out video
because I was so a I was deep in the
closet and bi was getting so many
comments of people asking if I was gay
or accusing me of being gay if that's a
thing and I I was so terrified because I
was like I'm not gay like I I'm not
don't don't tell me I'm gay and I was
very very scared of that because I felt
like they saw something that I didn't
want them to see so I made that video
the video is not even about that topic
I like briefly slide it in there and
then use that title for total click bade
but it was pretty much to stop comments
like that because I was such a scared
little child but basically what I think
about it now is I just see it as total
progression so when I see people tweet
me the I'm not gay video and the coming
I do side by side with a bunch of
question marks I actually only just feel
proud for myself I'm like look at that
progression like look how far I've come
do you have any lgbtq+ icons I had to
think about this because there are so
many that come to mind but the first
ones that I could think of were RuPaul
Keith Haring and Ellen but they're like
dozens and dozens of other ones would
you recommend going to a Pride Festival
I actually went to my first Pride
Festival this year and I had an
absolutely amazing experience it was so
cool to be around so many people that
were like me and that got me it was a
really really memorable and monumental
weekend for me so I highly recommend it
to anyone who wants to go it's fun it's
really fucking fun everyone is so happy
to be there have you ever gotten weird
looks for holding a guy's hand in public
I can't think of any times in particular
but I definitely know I have I know
there have been times where me or the
boys hand that I was holding got kind of
nervous and it was always like a
question of if we could or if we should
which is just so damn sad when when I
say it out loud it's so damn sad to
think that you can't hold another
person's hand even if it's not romantic
like if it's platonic and have people
judge you for it or have people be angry
about it it's a hand hold what is the
big deal I've never had anyone confront
me thank God but I definitely have
gotten a couple weird looks
but typically my philosophy and this
might not be a good thing is that I just
do it anyway it's a good thing because I
am proud of myself for doing it but it's
a bad thing because there are bad people
in the world and you do need to be
careful it will forever surprise me how
many homophobic people still exist in
this world
there is a plethora of homophobic people
in this world and it just blows my mind
every day I feel like I live in this
special little bubble where I never see
it and when I do see it I'm like okay
I'm gonna go back to my bubble where
everything's perfect
it's so sad it's
really really really sad you have any
favorite lgbtq+ movies the first one
that came to mind when i saw this
question was the movie the way he looks
if you haven't seen that one it's
definitely more of an old film and very
low-budget but it's just so cute and I
think it might be in a different
language props is it in German I can't
remember I've been seeing it so long but
either way it's incredibly cute either
way and it eaten Oh God oh I think I
watched it somehow while I was in the
closet like I might have watched it by
myself and I remember just thinking it
was the cutest thing ever
oh go check it out go find it I don't
know where it is before you came out did
you ever experiment with other guys not
really
I definitely wanted to like even before
I had come out to myself I know there
were so many times where I liked to
person more than just a friend even if I
didn't realize it I know that there were
definitely boys in my life that I
actually liked liked but I couldn't at
the time kind of decipher the difference
between the feelings and there have been
plenty of times that I've just wanted to
kiss random boys but I was always too
afraid that's definitely a slight regret
of mine but it is what it is say Nobby
what's the funniest way you've ever come
up to somebody okay I have um I have one
story that's really funny and it's not
necessarily the delivery that's funny
it's kind of just the whole scenario
okay so I was in the car with two of my
best friends in this entire world I grew
up with both of them and we've been
friends for years and years and years
and we were in the car and I don't
remember exactly how it came up like I
don't remember leading up to the
situation if I knew I was going to tell
them all I remember is the punchline of
the story basically we're in the car I
was in shotgun one of my friends was
driving the other was in the back girl
in the front boy in the back and somehow
I eventually just came out I came out to
my friend that was driving because I
think my friend the back already knew so
I came out I was like I need to tell you
something I'm gay and almost immediately
afterwards my friend in the back goes
well we might as well just kill two
birds with one stone here I'm gay too it
was the biggest like shock factor moment
of my life not even because he had came
out not even because he was gay just
because we both came out to this girl
at the exact same time it just it just
blew my damn mind
Oh God good times great times
okay but that's actually all the
questions I got I hope you enjoyed this
video I thoroughly enjoyed filming this
video if you have any more lgbtq+
questions any more that fit any type of
the spectrum leave them in the comments
down below or tweet them to me at connor
franta
and again the glisten campaign is ending
to night so make sure you go buy the Hat
the shirt or donate or a combination of
the three app comic culture go slash
donate and that's basically it
I actually got a place to be so I love
you guys I hope you're having a great
week and I'll see you next week if you
do this video give it a big thumbs up
leave a couple
