hey what's up you guys and this week is
a special week
this week is my birthday it's my
birthday spy day of birth this was the
day that I was born today I was thrown
into the world
this was my day this is my day I wonder
how many other people were born within
the past month I've met three others
September 12 birthdays and it kind of
freaks me out reminds me that this day
is not all about me there's seven
billion people in the world there's
plenty of other birthdays many of other
stories not about me about the more
decide direct so as a lot of you guys
know for the past two years on my
birthday I have actually dedicated my
birthday to a charity every year I get
asked the question from you guys Connor
where can I send you a birthday present
and every year it continues to be so
heartwarming so this year like past
years instead of giving me personally a
birthday present the way that I would
love for you to give me a birthday
present is to donate and this year I'm
doing things a little bit differently so
this year I'm using common culture my
clothing brand and I'm teaming up with
the charity glisten and combining them
into one big birthday collaboration
which features products like these but
before I go into that let me give you a
quick rundown of what glisten is listen
simply is the nation's leading nonprofit
that focuses on ending bullying in
schools and specifically it focuses on
LGBTQ plus youth so this organization
has become very near and dear to my
heart I am a gay man and that means I
grew up as a gay boy in school and it
was such a big fear of mine that if I
were to come out that I would be bullied
that was a genuine fear of mine I feared
for my safety I feared for my mental
health I just I feared for myself so to
attach myself to an organization that
has the goal of ending that and has the
goal of making people not fear that is
it's amazing it's amazing for me it
makes me feel like I can help someone
that had the same fears as me not have
those fears so this brings me to the fun
part of our collaboration so for this
collaboration with listen I've designed
some special merchandise if you go to
comic-con
Oh slash donate you can buy this hat it
has a little rainbow on the front a
little CC on the back or you can
purchase this t-shirt that has a little
rainbow on the front and a little common
culture logo right in there and I'm
really excited to say that a hundred
percent of the profits from these
products will go directly to listen also
on common culture co / donate you can
donate if you want to help more than
just purchasing a product or I mean if
you want to do both there's also just a
donate button that a hundred percent of
the profits will go directly to glisten
so that is a very very cool thing I'm
very happy that I could work with this
organization but I'm also happy that a
hundred percent of the profits go
directly to them it's a cool way for you
guys to get cool merchandise that
represents both common culture but also
represents the lgbtq+ community you
can't even tell I'm wearing one right
now I've been wearing one this whole
video but you can tell I also just look
really cute I mean like honestly I have
been wearing this all day just I love to
look cute I love to look cute this makes
it easy so this campaign will be
launched just on common culture CO and
it's only running for 7 days so if you
want to donate or you want one of these
products they're only up for 7 days then
they're gone forever
you have to go quickly that's it that's
basically it those were the things the
big things but yeah it's a it's pretty
cool I can't believe it's my birthday I
can't believe I'm a year older
I don't feel 24 like that I don't I
don't even know what that's supposed to
feel like it's not sad I'm actually
pretty excited to have grown up I'm
still living I'm thriving I'm happy so
like what else more can I ask for but
yeah um thank you thank you in advance
for donating for the past two years you
guys have donated so so much money and
done so much good in this world I'm just
proud of you
I'm frankly really really proud of you
guys cuz I'm not doing anything you guys
are the ones donating so thank you for
wanting to make a difference in any
aspect of the world thank you thank you
thank you so again if you go to common
culture CO / donate you can donate for
the next seven days act quickly go
follow me on Twitter go follow me on
instagram i'm gonna be posting lots of
pictures of these and making you really
jealous and make you really really want
one because they're cute they're really
cute i swear
I love you guys here's two more years
and I will see you guys next time you
enjoyed this video make sure to big
thumbs up this combo please donate
