hey what's up against Conor hey hi how
you doing the very slouch ya almost feel
like this needs to be turned up a bit
but the other week when I was painting
my nails I was listing a bunch of my
favorite things and you guys seemed to
want to know more of my favorite things
because I only listed a few this is a
video dedicated to all my favorite
things let's go Carly Rae Jepsen dropped
a fire album I guess I would call it she
dropped an album called ciebie and it's
show hopeful freakin good I love pretty
much the whole thing for TV I cannot
believe I didn't talk about this the
other video I'm obsessed with stranger
things just like everyone else I'm
obsessed with stranger things oh my god
the kids and stranger thing if you
haven't seen this this is a Netflix show
it's a Netflix original see a Netflix
original series I love it so much
because it's like a weird combination of
horror and sci-fi and a little bit funny
is a little bit thrilling if you've ever
seen the movie super 8 by Steven
Spielberg directed by Steven Spielberg
it's like that but a TV show these
little kids are so cute and so amazing
and acting and I'm absolutely obsessed
with it the last thing on the digital
side before I get to physical things is
I'm obsessed with the app best fiends if
you're a big fan of YouTube which I'm
assuming most of you are that's actually
how I found out about this app and then
conveniently they came to me after I'd
already found out about it and they
wanted to sponsor video so thank you
best means for sponsoring this video let
me pull up my game basically best fiends
is this kind of puzzle adventure games
you're basically in this little world
and you go through all of these levels
and once you're in the levels you play
as these monsters and you collect little
shapes that are the same colors as the
monsters and the goal is to defeat the
evil slugs if that ain't me but so
what's cool about this partnership
between me and best fiends is that
they're having a treasure hunt for the
next three weeks and I'm actually in the
treasure hunt it's not exactly me it's
my symbol it's my logo I made it so I
mean it's like I'm in it and so my logo
is one of the 15 items that they
in the game for the next three weeks but
here's the hint for you guys once you
download the game to wear my logo is in
the game the hint is get to know lacy
the rare high flying fiends so if you
find my symbol and you collect all 15
symbols you'll unlock a rare feat also
if you click the link down below there's
another hint in a video that best fiends
put out with Kate Walsh Ori Graceffa and
Rosanna pansino if you look at Kate's
slippers in the video you got to go find
that item in the game so again click
link down below and download best fiends
for free on to the physical I've been
reading this magazine I'm on the cover
of a magazine I'm on the cover of a
entrepreneur bag it's really really
strange I don't even know what else to
say I'm on the cover of Entrepreneur
Magazine it's kind of a dream it's kind
of crazy so if you want to go check that
out go check that out another thing I've
been reading is will dharma shares this
modern love my good friend will die for
sure put out a book and it's beautiful
it's well written just it's all about
love so it's a very very cute book you
know I love love I just think this bad
boy up at the flea market
how freaking adorable it's honestly so
cute and you only have to water it every
four weeks so that's great for me I need
a name though I'm thinking something
like like like Doris or Henry Geoffrey
Stephen Eleanor another plant that I
have is this one these types of palms
grow in California pretty much
everywhere so I went in my backyard and
I cut one off and I put it in this jar
that I got for $5 at the flea market and
it's been alive for months I don't
really think it dies after you detach it
from its body just call me the Pinterest
King
you guys are always asking me where I
get my clothes from and you guys are
kind of gonna like this kind of gonna
hit it because half of the clothes are
from a flea market which means they're
technically kind of one-of-a-kind
so I got this shirt the other day the
guy showed it himself I mean look at how
look at all of the colors so many colors
it's really baggy and I like that fit I
got this from a thrift shop called
wasteland it's like a high high neck
sweater with short sleeves and I've been
really liking kind of that high neck
look I also this one is one that you can
technically get this one is from acne
Studios also has the high neck but it
has a little zipper as well it's very
like preppy this is like my look if I
went to a prep school this one was also
from a thrift shop no this one was from
the Melrose flea market no this one was
probably her shop and this one was
actually from Topman so you can you can
technically get it there if I want to
look dressed up I can button it up but
if I want to like look all sexy I can
unbutton it I don't even know what I'm
trying to say I very versatile also very
flowy another one from the flea market
an Adidas shirt from Urban Outfitters
round denim is that a thing a brown
denim jacket Brandon this jacket this
one's from Topman I have been obsessed
with these Nikes these are the Nike
lunar Ravi Luna lunar long these are the
Nike lunar long I like these because
they're both that kind of like casual
sporty look so I normally can wear them
with rolled-up pants if I want and it
kind of is like that trendy cool look of
wearing like Nike and Adidas athletic
shoes as your normal shoes but then I
also can wear them running they're
really really comfortable to run and I
think that's technically their main
purpose yeah I've gotten a lot of use
out of them as you can see I've only had
them for like a month but they are
already I already like need a new pair
as you guys know I love
pin so I picked three because I've
gotten like 20 pins I picked three for
you guys so this one I got while I was
in New York City specifically actually
Brooklyn this is from a company called
Pinto who I absolutely love it's this
cute little he 80 and the arm moves this
one is a little sailor and this one I
got when I was in Wisconsin when I so I
hosted a summer camp and this one I got
at a gas station on my way to the summer
camp and then this one I got in New York
City
at oh god what's the name of the museum
oh it's a hub text it's a button and it
says I can't remember your name yep so
that's a thing that's a real thing for
me I remember faces I don't remember
names I'm a horrible person
I can't believe I'm showing you guys
half of these things because half of
them are like things you can't get you
can't get that pin probably you can't
get the stuff from the flea market this
is another thing from the flea market
that you probably can't get because it's
only in Los Angeles this is a Keith
Haring print on a like ceramic tile that
you can hang on the wall look how cute
that looks right there already actually
adorable nobody's you know hug in but I
love this I love Keith Haring and I love
ceramics this speaker oh I love that so
this is a ue boom I believe I use this
mostly when I'm showering but normally I
would take a shower I'll just like blare
music and just kind of drown out the
world and drown out my thoughts for like
10 minutes and just relax yeah so this
thing is very tiny but it is very loud
and it's also waterproof and it's very
portable it has a lot of good battery
life it is perfect you are uttered
perfection
you know this is gonna be one of the
weirder things I show you again I don't
know why I'm showing you this but I just
I'm obsessed a place where I'm currently
living did not have a doorbell I don't
know how people ever knew if someone was
at the door but it doesn't have a
doorbell so I went on Amazon and I got
this little doorbell thing this is the
speaker on the inside and it has a
little Bluetooth or Bell ding on the
outside basically you just press the
button on the outside and it dings on
the inside like I bought a doorbell on
Amazon it was here one day I love one
day shipping so now I don't need to like
sit outside and wait for people I just
have to sit outside and just kind of
wait for people until they were here cuz
they didn't know I didn't was afraid
that I would forget about them but now I
have a doorbell I don't know why I'm
showing you this I mean that's pretty
much it I think the other thing I want
to show you was my underwear but I mean
maybe that's maybe that's a little too
much there calvin klein's they're really
soft yeah those are pretty much all my
favorite things it was so interesting
gathering stuff for this video because I
was just pretty much walking around my
apartment looking at things that I've
been using every single day and
remembering that they're new and
remembering that they might be
interesting to other people because to
me they're so familiar at this point
that I didn't even think they would be
interesting I'll put all the links to
everything I talked about in the downbar
or everything that is obtainable in the
downbar if you want to just be me oh but
uh that's a that's it I love the spot
how dramatic is this like corner
okay I'm going crazy if you guys want to
follow me other places I'm on Twitter
I'm on Instagram I'm on all the things
those links will also be down below but
other than that I'm gonna go again give
this video a big nose please come follow
bye
