hey what's up you guys sack my little
corner hunters in his corner Connery say
that ten times fast hundreds in his
corner Connors in his corner
so this week I had the wonderful idea to
look back through a piece of Connors old
technology I looked through my old phone
a couple months ago and you guys seem to
really enjoy that and I realized that I
have my first ever laptop still with me
I still have this bad boy I still bring
it with I don't know why like I don't
know what you're supposed to do with old
technology but I still have this it's
like how old are you how old are you
I've had this since like eighth or ninth
grade maybe the old your bowl can we
point out I remember seeing like people
snickering their laptops and I thought
it was the coolest thing in the world
and I had to do it so I just like
ordered a million I think most people
sticker their laptop over time I fast
forwarded the process and I like went on
eBay and just bought a bunch of stickers
it's me more it's past me God there's
why is there a Chips Ahoy I had to buy a
charger for this because I didn't have a
charger that worked for this so it was
it's been dead for like years so I went
on Amazon into one day shipping Amazon
Prime she's a prime Queen and it was
here within like 12 hours I love the
internet okay this is the first time I'm
looking at this I purposefully
purposefully didn't look at its I'm
afraid of what's on it
I thought it didn't work for a minute I
was like well this videos over my
background is still like the default
Safari MacBook by making any sense today
we have on the desktop so we have some
thumbnails everything is so slow it is
so slow the most scared I've ever been
that is an old video that is a very old
video also that thumbnail what else we
got in here we have questions for an ask
honor
it's just like a youtubers laptop what's
your name backwards
raawk I wonder if these people still
watch my videos Alex along Alex do you
still watch my videos and then we have
oh boy we have some yep we have some
very dramatic selfies
haven't changed a bit Oh picture with me
with pre oh how cute it's kissing him
thank you
also my kitchen at home is so different
now my mom again my mom watching this
she's probably cringing oh god more I'm
stripper what is wrong with me I need to
be put down on my desk top we have just
a whole lot of when was this made
when how old are you oh I remember
partially why I got rid of this is cuz
like nothing works okay let's keep
looking - let's find some dirt actually
whoo that's one okay what was the last
saying in my search history show all
history I'm gonna look through my search
her story it says the last thing I did
was go to YouTube so very fitting honey
dirt people I need something like you
know it's weird it Scrolls the wrong way
because they change that so like
normally you scroll up to scroll down
and this is the opposite this is really
freaking you know we have a lot of like
weird pop-ups did I not know about
viruses I was listening to old school
love by Lupe Fiasco featuring ed Sheeran
okay
okay we can deal with that beautiful
pain by Eminem okay Macklemore oh good
god I was listening to Macklemore
Enrique Iglesias what is my music taste
I was like only listening to music is
that all I did on this laptop googled
lyrics knife PNG I'm looking up knives
that's very me nothing dirty hmm pity I
was always an angel literally I'm
scrolling through it's all YouTube or
Google searches
I am so my folders on the side are
movies
studio pics YouTube shirts get that
merch game roms random random Canon
Australia what is Australia I'm so
confused
this laptop is broken it's a piece of
 this thing was last used over three
years ago I feel like it's even older
than that Oh God I'm sipping on a
Starbucks I think these are all reaction
photos I think these are things I
tweeted to people like why am i in a
blanket that's cute oh wait that's shady
this is like what I look through my old
phone I have a picture of me getting my
new laptop on my old laptop that's funny
still taking pictures of airplane
windows and palm trees gotten better
though lovely to see that progression
when I got under movies I remember is
that a vine did I make a vine for that
sometimes I'm funny oh no this is so
cringy okay
oh it's first skit thank God I thought
that was like me making a thumbnail or
something stop stop me I don't like it I
don't like it at all
what is in studio pics that's personally
what I'm so what is that what is that
did I make that I hope to god I did not
make that that is oh my god that's so
embarrassing
I just got I got goosebumps from that
Keep Calm I watch my friends on what
what is my life what are what am i
attempting to do I'm telling you the
internet was a different time for me
four years ago I was a different person
I was so cringy no no
I'm wearing a snack bus snap that a
snack pack I'm wearing a snack bat some
delicious wearing a snapback and like
taking these weird oh no I don't like
this at all and I really think that that
was cool like did anyone ever sit me
down inside Connor you need to real
value at what point did I really ate my
life very forcefully hitting myself
collab ed see oh my gosh probably the
Donna I used to have a collab channel
called clemency and me and Caspar Lee
lab at see me and Gaz really we were in
and oh that's cute memories any time
Casper and I like hang out we're always
like Glavine see oh my goodness gracious
we're posing for our lives we are all
breaking straight up Tyra Banks
fierceness I've already told the story
but fun fact about that eyebrow so like
someone shaped it off my hairstyle is
shaved at all at one point people were
like I can't believe you shaved your
eyebrow to look cool like know someone
shave that off I didn't do that
so oh that's cute that was from when I
went to Australia with my best friend
for the first time that was 18 that's
where I had my first alcoholic beverage
fun fact I didn't have my first drink
until it was technically legal I am such
a Christian I had it in Australia when I
was 18 and you can drink in Australia 18
what is all this that I'm scrolling
through everything I can look through
that won't make me cry this is pretty
much just a series of me looking at
photos of myself saying no it stopped oh
that's my grandma and grab where did I
get that that's so cute that's my dad's
mom and my dad's dad oh I missed them I
didn't know I had that
adorable why do I have a picture titled
sexy yoga pants but I have no
explanation me attempting to be straight
who I have an idea what's in my photo
booth that could be an experience Oh No
let's give it together shall we this is
so slow I'm so glad technology has
progressed and it's also very heavy and
very warm this is great oh hey me oh
it's the pictures of me with Bree but
then listen Kia what can what are all
that's cute me and the bean more of me
and pre oh my god me in my college dorm
room and then me and my other room oh my
god the memories what a different time
truly a different time in my life I look
different I definitely acted different
if I keep scrolling back I'm going to
get to like my first ever photobooth
photos this is not something I don't
think I want that on the internet I
really want that on the internet was my
first one I dare no no I could crumble
I was a cringy teen I had a cringy life
I simply cannot okay we're gonna yep
we're gonna get that away from me
I don't want it okay that's enough I
could easily make a million videos of
going through that because there's
apparently a lot of material that I
didn't realize I didn't think it would
be that bad but here we are I will say
the best part about looking for stuff
like that is one it's nostalgic but two
it really shows your progression I'm so
much happier with the person that I am
now than the person is by no means was I
a horrible person but it's just it's
more cringy for sure for sure sure oh
for sure
it's pretty cringy right the earth life
okay everyone but that's it if you
enjoyed this video and you want more
videos of me
looking through old possessions of mine
give it a big thumbs up and leave a
comment below we get enough I'll do
another one because I think the last one
got a bunch too you want to show my
whole entire photo booth next I don't
want to do that those will be on the
internet forever I hope everyone is
having a great week actually today fun
fact is the day after celebrating this
channel 6-year anniversary so happy
birthday everybody six years old
this channel is six years old so thank
you for sticking with me through six
years that's crazy really really crazy
six years that's like that's a baby this
channel is a a toddler okay before I get
nostalgic and cry I'm gonna go if you
enjoyed this video again make sure big
thumbs up leave a comment bye
