okay okay we're back we're here very
similar setup deja vu perhaps that's
probably going to leave a mark on my
whoa hello
so much better so even love even last
week I did a relatively negative video
that you guys enjoyed so much 2017
welcome to your list I'm over it
I know my audience this week I want to
do a very similar video but the positive
version things we need to leave behind
in 2017 versus things we need more of in
2018 this year has been pretty shitty so
there's a lot of room for improvement we
got further ado let's begin the open for
a surprise trend
I loved this trend it was so sweet and
so genuine I rode the open for a
surprise trend train the trend train who
toot I sound like mr. Rogers I rode that
train for a while so in 2018 I really
want to see more because it's not trend
isn't the appropriate word I want to see
more things like that on the Internet
stuff that goes viral that is very kind
and wholesome and cute and sweet bring
it to 2018 aliens plain and simple I
want to see freaking aliens in 2018
recently someone probably the government
released that video of the little dot in
the sky that was a UFO that they don't
know what it is but it was moving too
fast and too it was like doing backflips
in the sky
it's rotated
it's aliens
I believe it's aliens in 2018 I want
more aliens
I want more UFO sightings I want more
spooky spooky more creepy creepy
backflips in the sky the whole shebang
I'm here for it I'm ready
we need to mix it up things are getting
boring music looking back on it this
year had just a catalog of bops
we had melodrama damn Harry Styles
Charli XCX Taylor toe scissor we had it
all we had it so good
we were blast honestly the music this
year was so good looking back on it it
was just it was a year of interesting
thought-provoking futuristic sounds I'm
really into it it really makes me
excited for next year because I think
this year push boundaries in the music
industry for many reasons so I'm excited
to see more of that going into 2018 I
hope we started off with a bang I hope
someone in January just releases an
amazing album start us off right we
deserve it we need more of it risk I
just felt like I played it safe this
year and a lot of other people did too
2018 I want to push myself I want to do
new things go new places not be so
afraid to try new things that's so vague
it hurts I just want to take so many
more creative risks next year I can do
things that make me uncomfortable I
think that that's super important and
I'm going to really focus on that next
year with great risk comes great rewards
and sometimes death so
gay things this year was incredibly gay
and I loved it it was a beautiful year
for LGBT people in the media and a
little bit in politics
well done Australia lots of LGBT
musicians coming up lots of LGBT people
and commercials and movies specifically
the thing I'm talking about is call me
by your name call me by your name if you
don't know about it it's a beautiful
LGBT film and I loved it so much I saw
it twice I'm about to listen to the book
which brings me to my next point because
for this video I am working with audible
audible is the leading provider of
audiobooks with so many different titles
recently I've really enjoyed listening
to audiobooks while I shower and while I
Drive I live in Los Angeles so there's a
lot of time spent in the car and it's
really nice to use that time on an
audiobook so if you guys use my link
audible.com slash Connor or Tex Connor
two five zero zero five zero zero and
sign up for a free 30-day trial you'll
get a free audiobook this month I highly
recommend you guys listen to call me by
your name like I said I've seen the film
twice and it's amazing an actor in the
film named Armie Hammer narrates the
audiobook on audible so now I'm super
excited to go listen to the audiobook so
again use audible.com slash Connor or
Tex Connor two five zero zero five zero
zero to begin your free 30-day trial so
yeah
in summary 2018 more gay things bring
the gay things to 2018 memes honestly I
may not seem like it but I love a good
mean maybe I don't talk about them
enough or give them enough appreciation
on the internet but I love them I do
this year brought us great ones like the
salt dude did anyone else think he
looked like James Franco by the way
because I thought he looked so much like
James Franco that blinking guy meryl
streep yelling whatever and just all the
spongebob ones I loved the sponge
I think it's because it's nostalgic so I
guess whoever creates me no one I don't
even know how who create the memes I
sound like I'm 87 right 2018
Rihanna there's never enough I always
need more I don't need to explain this
we stand diversity I do think 2017 was a
great year for representation it was a
pretty pivotal moment in terms of using
a diverse group of people in the media I
felt like there were a lot of
commercials and ads that use a unique
set of individuals versus sticking to
cookie cutter promotional tactics that's
old we're done with that in 2018 I want
to see the spectrum broaden I'm hoping
that in the media movies commercials TV
music pop culture in general I hope that
we're representing people of all shapes
sizes ethnicities religions sexual
preferences I think it'll just make the
year so much more wonderful technology
does anyone else realize we are living
in the future we have robots that
respond when we call them by name okay
Google Alexa other things that I don't
know about
we have robot personal assistants this
is the future
we have drones we have little cameras in
little helicopters that fly and record
things in HD in 4k honey sweetie darling
boo boo the future is now in 2018 who
knows what they're gonna invent but I
want more of it I know this contradicts
what I said about artificial
intelligence but my needs and wants
change very quickly the Jetsons
who twenty voices 2017 was massive on
protests and using your voice we had
things like the women's March black
lives matter
the me2 movement and countless others
those movements were truly inspiring and
it was so fantastic to see everyone come
together on an issue that was important
to them to see everyone come together
and use their voice and really step up
and speak out
it's very general but I'm trying to talk
about them all at once again this year
was kind of shitty but moments like that
made me really proud to be a part of
this year so let's do the same for next
okay that's all I got for this video
sorry that the lighting changed probably
fifty thousand times oh and by the way
merry Christmas to all those that
celebrate want to upload one last really
positive video to cap off the year I
hope you guys are having a nice time off
I hope you guys are having a nice
holidays I hope you enjoyed this video
and if you did make sure to click the
like button if you're new here click
Subscribe I try to make videos every
week but yeah um I love you guys and
I'll see you soon if you enjoyed the
video make sure to pick thumbs up leave
a cop
