I just have all the things on my mind
lately I've been incredibly busy which
is everyone's favorite thing to say
doing all the things seeing all the
things I literally haven't seen a human
today actually this is like the first
time I'm talking this is weird I'm just
noticing this today with the VA that's
Connor this week I did not feel like
doing anything besides just talking and
painting my nails so that's what I'm
gonna do I'm going to paint my nails I'm
just going to talk about whatever I feel
like talking about so you if you want to
listen let's go for it
I'm terrified that I'm going to spill
this everywhere I've only painted my
nails maybe a dozen time so bear with me
it's not as easy as it looks I don't
care what anyone says this is a skill I
need I'm still trying to learn it that
looks that looks decent I went with this
oh my god I'm such a guru Oh goo I went
with this hunter green color because I'm
wearing hunter green and because Kevin
is hunter green this one's for you Kevin
shout out to Kevin share I've been
seeing a lot of movies lately one that
everyone was talking about one that I
was super excited to see was Suicide
Squad
that has jared leto and a bunch of other
humans and i had high expectations i saw
the trailer like what a year ago i
 hate that movies can do that
that they can put out their trailers a
year early because I am so impatient but
so I had really high expectations of
this this is coming along nicely and it
didn't live up to it I hate to be the
bearer of bad news but it really wasn't
a good movie I'm how do I say this
without offending anybody it had great
intentions the acting was amazing or
maybe not amazing but like really really
good all of the the costumes and the
scenes and everything looked great it
was just edited so weird like if you've
seen the film it just it's so jumpy and
it's almost no shade towards me but it's
like a YouTube video it just kind of
jumps all over and just makes sense
okay shade towards me yeah so it was fun
but not amazing another movie though I
thought I saw was I love fun fact about
me I love scary movies so I saw this
film that is out it's called lights out
and holy it is terrifying I it had
me so little backstory so I wanted to
see this movie but I was starving so me
and my friends went to this movie and we
snuck in our dinner so I legit snuck in
a giant salad into this movie and was
sitting there crunching on my salad the
whole movie I felt bad because it was
like loud but I snuck a whole dinner
into a movie dinner and a movie
how amazing and I also wore a hoodie and
sweats to it and was like I put up my
hood and I was like terrified the whole
time so it was so scary but yeah it was
like terrifying and the most amazing
part about it is I think they made it
for like two or three million dollars
which is a tiny amount of money for a
movie so that's really commendable it's
really I love when people do things that
people don't expect do I dare start on
the second hand this is going to be I'm
always so bad because I'm right-handed
I'm not what is it em ambidextrous I'm
struggling with the words so this is
difficult this hand is oh I already done
 up anyway how are you supposed to
talk and paint at the same time what am
i some sort of mother my mom can do like
50 things at the same time she is a
high-class woman isn't a really stupid
how finger paint is classified as a
female product I think it's literally
paint for your fingers if I went to the
store and bought house paint like paint
that you paint on a wall and put on my
fingers is that more manly of me
everything is stupid everything is
stupid I would love to live in a society
one day where products are not gendered
and you just walk into a clothing store
and you just kind of buy whatever you
want
nothing's categorized you just figure it
out my pinky looks so bad so bad I
bought clothes from this Korean brand I
don't even remember the name of it to be
honest but that's how they're doing it
the clothes have no gender so they have
one size which is that's unrealistic in
my opinion it's one size and unisex
which I thought just was like
interesting I got a t-shirt and it did
not fit me but it look soup every time I
do this I always wanted to touch things
when my hands are wet sand that just
doesn't work with this
I got this t-shirt on the vintage store
and I realized as I was putting it on
one of the armpits has like a permanent
stain that's disgusting now that I'm
verbally saying that it was $10 I've
been working on a lot I know you hate
when I do I'm gonna put on a second coat
I've been working on a lot of secret
projects that I cannot wait for you guys
to see I've literally even wait waiting
working on them for months months months
months months months one huge one in
particular that I'm like genuinely super
thrilled about and I know you guys are
really gonna love it it's always so hard
working on things in secret because no
one knows you're doing them like it just
looks like you're lazy it looks like
you're doing nothing but you're secretly
like working your ass off I've
been swearing so much in this video my
mom is gonna call me I've also been
playing as has the world been playing
Pokemon go lately and I caught a dragon
at the other night jealous I also
evolved my my call oh god I really like
Pokemon I'm not a poser my growlithe
into a arcanine it's like the cutest
thing in the world I remember growing up
that I wanted Pokemon to be real so
badly like so like to the point of Tears
I was like I want this dog to be my dog
or I want this dragon to fly me to
school and paint my thumb I don't think
I've handed my thumb yet this is looking
great I'm this is not might be my best
work yet no wait I did paint it did I
paint it already I don't know if I did
this quickly is going to turn into one
of those 100 layer videos so good god
can you imagine really looking pretty
good I'm like content with it oh cool
girl
these are made from nuts I suppose I
should also mention that this video is
sponsored by audible.com as you guys
know I work with audible very frequently
audible is the leading provider of
audiobooks they have all of the books if
you love listening to books I recommend
you go listen to the gilded razor by
saying Lansky I have yet to listen to
this one but I've been recommended it a
million times by so many friends it's a
memoirs a little bit dark at times and
it's also very insightful he's also gay
so I can relate to that I a so if you
want to download a book or any book on
audible.com something's going on out
there
use audible.com/smarter if you use
audible.com slash Connor you can start
your free 30-day trial and you can get
Sam's book or you can get any other book
read a book you're on to the next hand
wait I want to eat chip first this is a
web-based like am i eating if I eat this
will I die I'm assuming I will what
about like traces on it like when I bite
my nails if I eat this will I die what's
what risk I'm willing to take
fun fact I've only started painting my
nails like I said like a couple months
ago here and there I I get bored with it
and then I pick it off but it's really
helped me stop biting my nails every
time I take off the who knows of its led
based paint my name is just feel longer
and they feel fresh it's as if I didn't
eat them I think I just need to snack
more to be honest am I like that hungry
then forced eating parts of my body oh
oh oh god I gotta
fill this my mom doesn't even live here
but she will have a fit the pointer
finger on the right hand is not fixable
at this point as for new music that I've
been listening to Tove lo came out with
a new song which took me a few lessons
not gonna lie called cool girl and I
really liked it I am I was after the
scary movie last night I purposefully
the purpose tour I purposefully drove
around the block because I wanted to
listen to the song again so I just like
it was like 1:00 in the morning and I
was just playing that song with my
windows down driving around the block
screaming belting all of the lyrics that
I have yet to learn I missed that one up
to mmm so stressful oh my god another
thing I've also been watching the
hashtag Olympics
I can't touch things look how dope the
Olympics themselves sent me a shirt
thing and it has my name on the back
it's like my childhood dream I used to
think that I was going to go to the
Olympics I was so deeply involved in
swimming that I thought I would make it
the Olympics
hate to crash my childhood dreams but
that's hard but I've been watching the
Olympics and it's been really fun and oh
god everyone is just so damn attractive
all of the boys all of the girls
everyone is just so damn attractive and
so good like the gymnasts just flipping
through the air like it's nothing they
look like they have some form of
superpowers and they can just jump and
do flips like it looks that easy the
human anatomy and capabilities okay
there they are there we go mm-hm
this is so low there we go this hand is
so up
stress this is a very oh I think I just
know I can't touch it yet it's not right
okay well that's about it hope you guys
enjoyed this video this was fun for me I
mean I got to paint my nails and make a
video and talk about all my favorite
things so that's let me know in the
comments down below what are some of the
things that you're interested in right
now these music hot men anything why not
do whatever you want and while you're on
make sure to give this video a big
thumbs up thank you so I put a big
thumbs up there we go click subscribe if
you're new okay I love you you're great
I'll talk to you later you just figure
can't make sure big time something a
couple of you doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo bye
