I'm trying to film in a new location
this is all difficult I don't even know
why you're here but I just looked to
Plains trying to add something to it
gasp aw guys yes this week I'm brought
to you at a new undisclosed location
love secrets
my nails are painted I'm back from New
York I'm back from Denver I'm back from
San Francisco today is there's a lot of
new great music out and then that made
me realize that I haven't analyzed song
lyrics in a while so I need to make sure
that the that is on the radio
is quality people if you're not up
to date with everything that I do in
music make sure to go check out my
Spotify playlist because I add new music
to my Spotify playlist pretty much every
day but let's go check out the charts
and see what's on them opening currently
the number one song on the global top 50
on Spotify is cold water by Major Lazer
featuring Justin Bieber and mu mo mo X
through it I don't know how to pronounce
her name but she's fantastic
okay so cold water this song just came
out and it's it's great gives me chills
okay cold water
everybody gets high sometimes you know
what else can you do when you're feeling
low is it it's strange because that
lyric makes total sense it seems so easy
but when you're low the only way to go
up for a lot of people is to do things
that you would normally do I don't know
that's just to take a deep breath and
let it go you shouldn't be drowning on
your own but I'm gonna take from that is
that you need other people to help bring
you up sometimes because when you're
down by yourself you need other people
you okay and if you feel you're sinking
I will jump right over into cold cold
water for you Oh Justin's going to be
that person that lips the other person
up what is going on with the hair and
although time may take us into different
places I will still be patient with you
and I hope you know oh so they're like
separated but he's always there for that
person I won't let go I will let go I
will be your lifeline tonight
I won't let go I will be your lifeline
tonight so like no matter what you will
always be there for this person that's
cute that's really cute because we all
get lost sometimes you know it's how we
learn and how we grow and I want to lay
with you till I'm old you shouldn't be
fighting on your own okay now I'm
confused because is he talking to
someone that he's not with or is he
talking to someone that he wants to be
with permanently and if you feel you're
sinking I will jump into or we're back
to that okay I actually really like this
song good song good beat and really
decent lyrics well done the number one
song in the world right now well done
let's move on one dance by Drake
featuring wizkid and tight Kyla I don't
even know the song was featuring people
I feel like they haven't highlighted
that JD okay so this song is probably
one of the more overplayed songs of 2016
I love it Drake is probably one of my
favorite rappers that incredibly white
of me to say rips on your waist front
way back way you know that I don't play
streets not safe but I never need to run
away but I never but I never run oh even
when I'm away Oh Tod there's never much
love when we go of T they spell Oh T on
this lyrics website oti and then the
last one is ot this is Mason hmm this is
something that the referencing that I
don't get I'm very I don't know very
innocent or I like to pretend I am I
play an innocent boy on TV I pray I make
it back along peace I pray I pray I mean
I'm picturing Drake like dancing with
somebody even know what's going on okay
we'll keep going that's why I need one
Dan Scott Hennessee
in my hand there's the reference one
more time before I go higher powers
taking a hold of me I need one dance got
a Hennessy in my hand one more time
before I go higher powers taking a hold
of me is it I don't quite know what's
going on in the song normally I kind of
get it but then Kyla Kyla drops in
saying baby I like your style I'm not
sure but I just picture two people in a
club with substances and things doing
things strength and guidance all that
I'm wishing for my friends
oh that's cute nobody makes it from my
ends I had to bust up the silence you
know I got a stick by me soon as you see
the text reply me I don't spend time
fighting we've got no time I don't know
why but I can't I don't know what's
going on in the song all I'm picturing
is them in a club dancing and things are
going on
that's way too literal if there's
probably more references going on I'm
gonna move on and just say that this
song is so good that I don't understand
it there we go
that's perfect probably is I mean drink
is a fantastic rubber this is what you
came for
Calvin Harris featuring Rihanna awkward
this is what you came for
lyrics baby this is what she came for oh
that's a pursuit lightning strikes every
time she moves and everybody's watching
her but she's looking at you oh oh you
oh oh you oh oh you oh you oh oh you oh
you you you oh I love on that side a
this crack the use is just oh you ooh
you Oh
I'm picturing someone watching someone
on the dance floor and they're just like
obsessed with the way that they're
presenting himself in the way that
they're dancing like lightning strikes
every time they move and everybody's
watching her and she happens to be
looking at you the hottest person in the
club she could be watching anybody but
she's watching you we go fast with the
game we play
assuming that has something having to do
with sex we're just hooking up who knows
why it's got to be this way we say
nothing more than we need I say your
place when we leave yep they're gonna
hop okay goes back to the Korres suite
that's like literally it those are the
only lyrics the chorus is playing 1 to 4
times in this lyrical breakdown and
there's only like a couple verses in
between that's interesting there's not
much content to the song I guess that
speaks highly of the EDM it's on the
radio nowadays it's pretty much just a
chorus and a lot of beats I mean take
what you want from that but it just
shows that we're not that complex
are we that's an all right song it's
pretty catchy next song don't let me
down by the
chainsmokers featuring the lovely daya
this is the data for data to slit I
won't say Slayer because that's so 2014
my favorite part of this entire song is
the post bridge or the bridge where daya
just like belts it oh I'm pretty sure ed
I cried listening the first time I I'm
just I'm a piece of work
crashing hit a wall right now I need a
miracle hurry up now I need a miracle
mayor call stranded reaching out I call
your name but you're not around I call
your name you're not around this is like
the opposite of the Justin Bieber song
the Justin Bieber song was like Justin's
singing about how people always be there
for this person and the day a song is
about how they need that person but it
doesn't sound like they're there for
them I need you I need you I need you
right now yeah I need you right now so
don't let me don't let me don't let me
down it's so hard to talk these lyrics
and to not see them I think I'm losing
my mind now it's in my head darling I
hope that you'll be here when I need you
the most so don't let me don't let me
don't let me down don't let me down
and then just don't let me down like 50
times running out of time I really
thought you were by my side but now
there's nobody by my side I have a
feeling that this is about like
post-breakup or something where you're
with a person you think they'll always
be there for you in fact they probably
say they'll always be there for you and
then at the time that it all goes wrong
or maybe like again post-breakup you're
like you said you would be there for me
but you're not there for me I need you
right now please be there for me oh this
is sad I also have something in my nose
and itchy and that's pretty much it
again it kind of ends about halfway
through there's no lyrical diversity
anywhere from there um let's do oh this
is going to be a fan favorite treat you
better by Shawn Mendes so this is the
new Shawn single weapon a mean personal
Shawn is from the internet and I've been
a Big Sean been for a while now ice
washes covers on YouTube thought it was
great love dead treat better treat you
treat treat yourself treat yo'self dare
I say this will be the final one I won't
lie to you I know he's just not right
for you I mean we're already starting
off very and you can tell me if I'm off
but I see it on your face when you say
that he's the one that you want so he's
talking to someone that he probably
dated and he's like that person's not
right for you and I can see that you
know that that person is not right for
you and you're spending all your time in
this wrong situation and anytime you
want it to stop I know I can treat you
better then he can like Sean knows he
can treat this person better than the
person na Nagar like you deserves a--
gentleman tell me why I'm wasting time
on all your wasted crying oh that's that
took a turn when you should be with me
instead I know I can treat you better
better than he can
that's deep I love those lyrics I'll
stop time for you if the second you say
you'd like me to I just want to give you
the lovin that you're missing baby just
to wake up with you again this whole
song is just like Sean pretty much being
like when you're ready to get out of
that up relationship that you're
in I'll be here for you I'm ready I'm
waiting I still love you etc etc
fine-print baby disobey me you would be
everything that I'm weight would be
everything I need and this could be so
different tell me what you want to do
and then it goes back into it give me a
sign take my hand we'll be fine promise
I won't let you down oh it's a really
cute song I will say I love it
again it's a great follow up stitches I
love John I'm a big fan actually a
really big fan of like this top five I
love kind of everyone in this let's just
I think music is doing well guys I mean
like in general all the songs in those
top five are good songs I don't dislike
any of
even though one dance has been played
for 50 million times in general
I just I really like the music that's
being played right now and I'm excited
because there's a lot of new music
coming out there was a new chain-smoker
song they can out the other day cold
water is new there's a new Andy Grammer
song I just added to my Spotify playlist
and then a couple other ones I don't
know I I like I like the music the music
helps me music is great teas exudes my
soul everything in between but that's
pretty much it
what are you doing here you're pointless
you guys enjoyed this video and you want
more music related videos because I do
love listening and talking about music
make sure it a big thumbs up and leave a
comment below also just let me know in
the comments what are some of your
favorite musicians and songs out right
now
I'm always looking for new music so keep
me posted but that's pretty much it I
hope you guys are having the loveliest
of weeks and I will see you next week if
you enjoyed this video again give it a
big thumbs up in Cabo do I
