moving is so bittersweet I've lived in
this apartment for two years two very
important years of my life and I've made
so many memories I think I've been
through more memorable moments in the
last two years than I have been in my
entire life
so it's just really strange it was
uncomfortable to leave this place behind
because my life was here everything that
is familiar to me was here but now it's
all gone and it's just an empty shell
it's just an apartment nothing in here
is mine anymore but the good part about
moving is you get to go somewhere new I
only made those memories here because I
took the chance and moved in here in the
first place so now I get to do that all
over again and who knows maybe the next
couple years are going to be my most
important years maybe they'll be the
best years of my life maybe they'll be
the worst years of my life who who knows
so it's important it's necessary it's
part of life this is the last video that
I'm filming this apartment and it's both
the saddest and most happiest thing that
I could say that I can do that I'm doing
so cheers to the last few years and
here's to all the years in my future
until next time
