we're doing it we're doing it we're
winging it we're going for it
that's what life is I don't know what's
going on hey what's up you guys so just
why does this look strange
it looks ruffled ruffled and wrinkly I
woke up this morning feeling quite and
chatty which is like rare but also not
that rare either way it was one of those
days where I was like I need to film a
video I need to talk about things I have
a lot on my mind I went straight to
Twitter and asked you guys to send me
some questions and today I'm going to be
answering this question it's not before
we begin I want to quickly just say
thank you so much for all the support
you've given me around common culture
lately common culture my lifestyle brand
had a new launch of clothing and you
guys have just like loved it and that
means so much to me it means so much to
me that you guys appreciate all the work
I put into it on the design to the
visuals to the photography to the
marketing to the products themselves you
guys just really appreciate it so thank
you thank you thank you there's still
some stuff left so if you want any of my
clothing comic culture code yeah okay so
let's get on with the Q&A why did you
make it hashtag ask honey Frannie I
don't know I just kind of wanted to
spice up another wise typical Q&A that's
what I'm always trying to do add a
little bit of spice into things
how was pride I was really good so for
obvious I don't know I went to my first
Pride Festival the other week the other
week the other weekend the other month
oh my god it's been a month oh my god
that's so weird anyway I went to PI for
the first time and it was incredible it
was so cool to be surrounded by such a
warm loving community everyone was just
so happy to be there and everyone was
just so themselves it was really really
nice really refreshing and just a lot of
fun fun did you buy new pins hold that
thought hold that thought did you did
you hold that thought I have a little
collection of pins that I'm keeping in
this like random
ceramic ding dish jar disk dish dish so
yeah I've been keeping my pins in this
little thing I can
what's wrong with me today and one of my
newest ones that I got this is a button
not a pin let me show you here I'm gonna
have to I'm gonna throw in a closeup
remember straight people can't help it I
feel like it's kind of is that kind of
problematic no it was funny so I follow
this Instagram account and they post
like historical LGBT things called LGBT
underscore history I think and they
posted a picture of this pin so I
immediately went to search for it and I
found one on eBay and I bought it and
frickin loved it okay do you have any
Netflix recommendations honey do I fix
recommendation yes first of all if you
like orange is the new black the new
season is so good it starts off a little
bit slow but like every episode outdoes
itself and it makes you laugh and it
makes you cry and it's just really good
another one is both Burnham's new
special he's a comedian he does really
interesting comedy it's like the a
trickle and he sings and does quick
jokes and has like sound effects it's
just a really unique show so you should
check that out it's really funny and
then the last one I wrote down is I
think Dior dye which is a documentary
about the fashion brand Dior it's really
interesting and really good I think it's
on Netflix try that one - how long did
you take to run the half marathon the
other day I ran a half marathon that's a
thing my sister like ten days ago was
like hey do you want to run a half
marathon on the fourth of July and I
said yes I don't know why and I really
hadn't been training for it but I just
did it so yeah I ran 13 miles the other
day and it went really well it's gonna
sound so like douchey and a little
pretentious but it was kind of easy it
wasn't as serious as I thought it would
be I ran it in 1 hour and 42 minutes and
me and my sister were just running it
for fun so I think I could have actually
run faster which is pretty cool number
one how do you feel thank you so much
don't you love Harry's haircut thank you
so much do you hate insects No thank you
so much look around you and show us the
first thing that you see I'm not the
first thing I saw with my fan but that's
a gross and be boring I mean something
more interesting
I mean sure why not
it's heavy okay this is my plant I had a
name this one yet but it's cute I got it
from a flea market you can buy plants at
a flea market how fun which is your
favorite Harry Potter book Harry Potter
is like my childhood first of all if you
haven't seen listen to read all that for
Harry Potter you're missing out also I
don't like you I don't really want to
talk to you ah this is a perfect
transition for me to recommend you guys
a new audio but probably the Doudna no
audible is a frequent sponsor of this
channel almost a leading provider of
audiobooks with a ton of different kinds
of books a lot of books and this week
why the heck not I'm gonna recommend you
guys a throwback my favorite Harry
Potter book is the 4th Harry Potter book
when me and my family used to go on road
trips we would listen to the Harry
Potter audiobooks and the fourth one was
always my favorite it's so what's going
on the way the maze at the end of the
book is described in the audio book it's
just it's I don't know it just blows my
mind I remember always being so
entranced with the fourth book I don't I
just I mean I love all Harry Potter
books so it's hard for me to not like
just make no sense as I talk about them
but yes I recommend the fourth Harry
Potter book if you guys want to go check
that out or any other audio books use
audible.com slash Connor if you click
the link down below and use Autobot comm
Connor you get a free 30-day trial free
30-days and you can listen to that book
pretty good deal ok freedom book bots on
mason jars cute that's slightly
overrated that also my thoughts on me oh
my god shave myself cos on baby dory oh
my oh the cutest the frickin cute if you
haven't seen finding dory oh my god baby
dory is the star of that film those eyes
those that voice oh my god
every time baby dory came on the screen
i like melted into a puddle
i didn't know what to do with myself i
was just like too consumed with the
cuteness can you water Sarah we need
proof I am so tired of this joke but I'm
going to prove a point
happy she's real people and she now has
family what's your biggest what if I
don't know what you actually mean about
the question but I'm gonna take a nice
thing that topical message and turn it
into something about that life will
always be about what ifs
I feel like my mind is constantly
bombarded with what if this happens what
if this doesn't happen what if I do this
what if I don't do this my present tense
is always consumed with thoughts about
the future I don't think that's healthy
to be constantly wanting to live in the
future when you clearly have the present
right now so that doesn't answer your
question but the moral of the story is
to try and not think about the what-ifs
and try and just think about the present
live in the now don't live in the later
it's so cheesy but it's so true are you
going to any concert soon oh my god I am
I'm going to the John Valley own concert
I think in a couple days it's soon and
I'm so shocked
I'm very shook the July is here right
now so I'm like oh my god what am i
doing right now with my life so many
things that I thought were like weeks
away or now just here yeah I'm going to
that concert if you able to do the album
bit first long the last time so good I
could cry I'm weeping on the inside and
the outside frankly
okay guys that's it I took your cues I
turned them into A's why does that
always sound so dirty you guys enjoy
this video make sure please give it a
big thumbs up so I know you guys like
those ki and A's and if you just like me
rambling I had really fun just rambling
today if you want to check out anything
I talked about today it will be in the
downbar all the links are in the downbar
but that's pretty much it I hope you
guys have a great week and I'll see you
next week if you enjoyed this video
shoot picked up something called bye
