hey what's up everyone so this week I'm
here with me Lily Lily's one of my
channel before weather hey I'm a seer
also I'm sweating yeah it's really hot
so like please be nice to me in the
comments don't call me sweaty sweaty
sweaty sweaty but so this week I thought
it would be fun for us to recreate some
of the most popular instagrams on the
platform they basically just recreated
all of Konnor of all Instagram pictures
Oh follow my Instagram on the front -
yeah if all Lily's and strong tank is
nowhere as near as Connor so lower
expectation so let's begin the video 3 -
that's not love to do this
I'm famous
yes and only Son little tiny son
sometimes it so cute and so cute bird
dies
just like me showing my tiny Santa I'm
joking but oh sure
Jesus
yeah
ancient high last take you
that was fun that wasn't that was so sad
that I'm so impressed you do that with
my hair oh my god I know the hearts oh
my god I'm gonna loop that like yeah and
USA yeah right here yeah
can you shoot creative mind just for
that ya know a gif or Jim Jim what's a
gif gift Jim Jim Jim Jim gift yeah that
was fun I am it did you enjoy it I did I
thought I was a good time
did you enjoy G give a thumbs up here
and if you like our collabs you should
check the one that we did a Lily's
channel what were you we did if the
internet was a person so now Connor is
the Internet my brain my phone and my
period yep I'm very versatile yeah you
should definitely check that out and
subscribe to our channel give like a
like on her video do all the things and
sometimes I'm sure you've already done
this cuz you believe she's not upon her
because he's adorable and wonderful oh
thank you um but okay I think we're
gonna head out the two sweaty humans
early yeah we're gonna do the very big
thumbs up in Cabo
