when I wake up in the morning one of the
first things I get excited about is what
am I going to wear and I've recently
figured out that you can take an
otherwise normal simple outfit and make
it so much cooler by adding just a
couple little things to it so today I'm
going to show you guys that
here are five style tips that I use
every day simple fun and easy let's go
one of the things I discovered more
recently is that rolling your jeans and
showing a little ankle is not a bad
thing I don't know what it is but I
can't wear my pants any other way
nowadays there's something about rolling
my jeans that just kind of makes them
like a brand-new pair of pants and I
love that and I'm pretty much obsessed
with it I've also been doing the same
thing with sweaters and t-shirts and
don't know why I'm wearing a sweater
it's super hot out but either way it
does the same thing it kind of makes the
sweater the t-shirt look like a brand
new piece of clothing which is pretty
great and it'll save you money which is
always a good thing
OOP I'm gone but I'm back with shoes
next fancy shoes I also have recently
discovered that I like wearing nice more
dressy shoes with otherwise average
everyday clothing there's something that
I'm obsessed with about the contrast
between the fancy shoes and the average
everyday clothing it makes your outfit
say I'm trying but I'm not trying too
hard ah magic next we have bandanas like
everything else in this video I've
recently become obsessed with bandanas
my favorite part about bandanas is that
they are very versatile
you can wear them very drapey in the
front you can kind of roll them up and
tie them around your neck like I did in
this video or you can even tie it around
your wrist of your arm we should all
aspire to have that level of versatility
folks next and probably my most favorite
buttons and pins I don't know what it is
but I cannot stop collecting pins and
buttons I've been getting them from flea
markets I've been getting them as gifts
I've been buying expensive collectible
ones I do tend to get compliments almost
every time I wear one of these so I
highly
recommend you try this and last but
surely not least painting your nails
painting your nails is a a lot harder
than it looks be very very fun and see
quite therapeutic it's a great finishing
touch to any outfit and also a lovely
 you to traditional societal
generals am i right humans I'm right ok
that's it I hope you guys found a few
new ways to spice up your everyday
outfits if you did make sure to click
the thumbs up button and subscribe I'll
see you guys next week
