just a balloon theme week but we need
them um very bright let's see like yeah
hey what's up you guys so this week I'm
here with Nicola my cistal's overall
visa no no my sister moved in with me
this summer
Ruby's for life a lot of you probably
see Nicola poor she's been on my channel
a couple of times insert clip here you
see if so make us laugh so uh yeah
Nicola moved in with me this summer
she's out here in California how you
like in California o'clock nice it's
different but it's warm it's it's very
nice right now apparently it's gonna get
warm in August so oh yeah so in honor of
Nicola now living in my apartment I
thought we'd do a video together and
what better of a video to do is to get
to know us better so we're gonna play a
little game basically I'm gonna ask her
questions and she's gonna try and guess
the answer see how no you won't see me
see how well you know don't put the HESI
how you know how well see see how well
you know each other but we're gonna do
it with helium warning I don't know if
helium actually hurts your brain so
probably don't suck in helium kids don't
do this at home yes don't do drugs don't
drink alcohol
don't do anything fun box yeah so we're
gonna try this I have a feeling we're
gonna we're gonna pop the balloons on
the first try or something I got an
extra one just in case because I'm a
resourceful I love
loans this is the second kind of button
balloons in the past two days there
could be words it's an interesting
choice yeah but it was like drugs like
drug like really loudly oh my god okay
I'll ask first Nikola Franta what is my
current favorite color
hey no oh she's back going yellow
hey I'm afraid I'm gonna pop this like
on my first Mike Connor Franta what is
my favorite breakfast food okay there we
go okay having the thought of an answer
yeah seriously don't try this hip hop
I'm gonna pass out your favorite
breakfast food is eggs close enough
omelet
yeah it has an effect on my voice nope
No Oh your turn Nicola Fran so what was
the first country I visited besides the
US like what was the first foreign
country I visited do you think I Barry
oh why does it work for you so well
I'll take it I went to Australia what
years ago wake up right yeah with my
best friend when we turned 18
Wendy oh my god I was just gonna where's
the hole um really actually like go like
a dolphin with my favorite color your
favorite color is purple Oh
is somebody gone is this like cheap
helium what is the name of my hmm what's
the name of the first video that I have
on my youtube channel right now your
first video yeah
fake fan no rude my first video that's
on my youtube channel that people can
see because there's one that's secret my
first one is called Harry Potter
birthday did not know that also doesn't
care just so you know I'm winning the
game Marcelin again where is that how
many cavities have I had oh my god
that's a good one
three that's right
really yeah you've had three mmm hey I
dog you true that were actually like
filled like the silver you know exciting
comedy refills so they used to do that
like butter fact I've never had a cavity
before really never once very
interesting it makes me want to throw up
oh and there goes like back normal the
spare balloon a balloon a balloon
I know it's terrifying where did I break
my first bone
what part my body you've broken a bone
are we even related you think it's
trigger no um close enough I'll accept
it I've accepted this bone right here um
where's the where is it where is it
there's yeah what if in a weird scenario
this permanently changed our voices that
would be really weird
oh my god what are the top two things in
my Vilas yes I have a bucket list every
chef Botta list is like 90 things this
just becomes a motivation all that's
great it's really fun to like check it
off and write the date that you
completed eating school okay top two
things on my bucket list see the Great
Barrier Reef is that one of them yeah
God at some restaurant that has a
Michelin three Michelin star so um run a
certain marathon that well that one on
top to UM Cara Goucher every better Oh
am i loud what is it meet Matt Damon oh
my god I was ready for that answer I was
like Avery I was there yeah I was like
celebrity crush kind of human that you
love was like mark Damon I know that and
I feel light-headed I feel like throw up
really no okay I just over dramatize
things for fun what is my favorite
alcoholic beverage get a lot of that in
there they definitely don't know this do
you know it we'll find out tonight folks
I think I talked about this with someone
it's an old fashioned I love a good old
fashioned Oh whiskey you it's so good
that's it folks my cabin I'm out of
breath that's it we actually did pretty
well I mean it's clear who knows who
bears ass see I only spill the truth
teeth as the gay say hunty I love to do
a gay slang video at some point maybe
that's our follow up clapping thanks for
joining me negative of course anytime
them to follow you on like your Twitter
and your Instagram and stuff sure yeah
okay
I'll put the links below Nicolas Twitter
and her Instagram it up but um okay if
you guys enjoyed this video make sure
the big thumbs up because it's pretty
good we love that so I hope you guys
have a great week and we'll see you
later make sure this video that mmm make
sure this video a big thumbs up leave a
combo bye
