really I'm putting that in there I don't
know
hey what's up you guys so this week I'm
here again with a blown Ted Marcus Maki
but but market but but in that into his
house in my new house in my house so I'm
back with Marcus even though it doesn't
look like Marcus Marcus changed his hair
yes no comments no no dad yes I did
though it's not Draco Malfoy it's not
Justin Bieber maka this week we are
going to do what is it you like cuz
we're gonna do is we're gonna do music
I'm getting into the music so Marcus and
I both love music and we both I think
proclaim that we both have the best
music taste we like music smokes a
little so basically uh Marcus and I are
going to be listening to the top 50
songs currently on Spotify globally
globally and whoever can guess the song
first gets a point if that makes sense
so this is who knows the top 50 songs
and world the best game game can go oh
oh we need rules how deep I could throw
up okay so my buzzing noises - huh oh my
god okay whoever buzzes first you got me
the judges whoever buzzes first you go
say okay you tell me I just rather than
shouting out oh god I'm stressed already
at this game ready yeah ha ha you first
galantis what secure boot um tell
me Pete it's the time run out he'll give
me 5 seconds run away No get away
no she lent just money or no money no no
no no money Oh point eight well I guess
no points each because we both got half
or does that mean I get it no no okay
now here's how we'll do it get half a
point you're the artist halftime of the
song name so you're gonna hide half
white half white okay oh my god I've
listened to this the other day and I
have no idea what it is
 Jungle Book huh Coldplay feat
Rihanna know Beyonce if you don't say
Beyonce what's the name of the song I
don't know but I got half a point
oh my god oh okay a weird intro okay you
have a point
calm next one huh huh drape pop starting
it I think I got myself into a mess
oh but Bing it's a Shawn Mendes um take
take ticket take a chance I just know
what Shawn Mendes I love it starts with
the T it just started to reach ya you
better
that's a really good song else into it
all day I have no idea how we're going
to keep track of winning so I have one
you have to do it's gonna be right here
I'm gonna be keeping track as an editor
on I'm going best dad I know I'm to blow
boom 50 as well this is hard I know I'm
there's gonna be some that I actually
don't know I'm a disadvantage why
because the American music Johnson
brings in a lot I know but it's big
global fifty you at the same chance come
listen to the state of the by head don't
try and make people feel mad for you ah
work from home fit harmony gun does done
then I was alive I believe it's tied if
that was a sprint race you'd need that
the finish line um I just I all I hear
is the sound of a tie so let's just calm
down huh
Oh what we're doing but I do I know and
I mean being if you don't know it DJ
saying Oh Bing Major Lazer
um I run a my song what sing a song it
is like sit up
yeah huh Justin Bieber sorry
dammit Oh big thing it's a twenty one
pilots stressed out yeah Oh Bing it's as
our Larson lush life yep hi
you got Briana what you didn't even know
that you know I was making sure that it
wasn't one of the looks just three songs
in the frickin okay just going on okay
oh you got first okay it's caught it's a
Nick Jonas featuring table low close yes
oh I get I get that no I'm closer um
and oh the rule master Steve you would
have got the soya financing one of two I
had it in my head um I've no heard your
song really um shoot but Bing I guess
Bing why do I cannot know this
neighborhood
oh it's ariana grande into you know into
you oh shoot ariana grande times gone Oh
Jane just woman yes
all I'm sayin but I mean I don't get I
only get half because I guess wrong huh
join us blue falls Co yeah yes remix Oh
Bing uh it's I hate you I love you bye
Nash organ ash yeah I kinda actually
says no heard that really it's a great
song this is the British disadvantage
coming in how many do you know score I
think it's seven seven yeah are you I
think is actually a kitty
Oh Bing it's a sex by his name a song is
called sax and it's I don't know the
name of the artist sighs it's my pitch
every day you can listen to more
technically I don't know but if
everything is cheap something oh it
might be that actually if you say cheat
something or cheap something I mean I'll
give it to you because I'll give you a
petty point half point
even his face is like was this its
country maybe Oh
I mean Bing is Enrique Iglesias song as
you weren't ready yeah oh I thought that
was the title oh you're all for that
no no you know the rest duet Al Gore's
cohort zone is harder to pin Spanish
called too close
me encanta to person I love your parent
oh um I know this song as well
Oh Bing oh it's a gender role uh and
then uh if it ain't love yes I was like
I was about to sing it's good Akiko oh I
don't know what it is I see yeah Deshawn
pool no but see ya see ya yeah cheap
thrills oh yeah you're a bet I'm just oh
boy
oh I feel so comfortable by way of such
an i it like this is relaxed right now
oh hey this song I literally hate this
song for me you didn't get no I know by
a society ocean my TFC year sorry
um this is Nick Jonas no no Joe Joe Joe
Jonas are you confused
it's bird Jonas is there a birthday
present it was Kevin I don't mean second
time flies little buddy play this idea
icon hey play a little bit more he
doesn't know if they don't ya know bear
Donna whoa oh I was over you again on
that song
what's in the once in a while Oh ping um
it's a dollar me down by chainsmokers
featuring daya that was number one the
other day
yeah huh Zen for the dog okay
I thought you was just like y'all did
yeah yeah I don't know not stressed
anymore
huh Yeah right yeah oh my god oh my god
I don't get one though so we have a five
oh my god oh my god I gotta get going
sure ah who got angels collar some of
the stitches who's coming back dust
that's not bit um it's a it's a Emenike
featuring zara larsson never forget you
huh Calvin Harris feat Rihanna oh yeah
whatever so be careful yeah
oh man you got a panda by designer okay
dang it okay hey we woke up this and
I'll play this yeah gold by Keanu that's
such a cheap thing
Justin Bieber I love yourself yeah you
got a faster night at so you get the
point
huh Justin Timberlake Oh his name is ah
what's the name a song though I can't
remember fill some is it fail something
anyway fun time no matter if it's all ha
times gone you've had it gotten played
more for you why don't I get a play more
for me very much to come I also have no
idea me there's no lyrics Steve Joyce
feelin better
our sovereignty that can stop the
feeling I did just save the fitting but
it's not the name of the tied up quarter
point it's not the name of the High Line
that was good that was actually fun
intense I know I'm sweaty well if you
want to see another intense video you
should go over to Marcus's Channel
Marcus will be doing your channel oh my
god you're actually I am sweating we
played a dirty mind game so if you want
to know how dirty our minds are come
over to my channel and check that video
out it's pretty funny and also it's
actually really funny Bob is one of the
senses mice so if you want to go check
that out go click Marcus's face or the
link down below and subscribe for more
Marcus Butler contents awesome thumbs up
okay that's all we got for you guys so
if you did enjoy the video make sure to
pick thumbs up leave a cop
