hey what's up you guys hi hello what's
happening decided I want to film outside
today against a yellow wall and I saw
that I had pink flowers and I just it
just looks great doesn't it these colors
very primary to set this down very
nicely love you miss you so the other
day I was looking through a bunch of old
stuff that I have I have literal drawers
literal closets full of things that are
old that I don't use that I never look
at but the other day I was looking at
him and I found this this is my old
phone this contains my past years ago
this was my life and my life was on this
now my life is on this phone but my life
used to be on this phone so it'll be
interesting to go through this phone and
see what my life was like two years ago
but this has tons of photos tons of text
tons of things from my past that I
thought we would just look at today so
let's do that
okay let's first start off with looking
at what is the first photo on this phone
gross gross gross gross gross gross Oh
cute I'm gonna insert things here so I
should be a little bit more over here
this is me Qian Ricky and JC I'm
assuming just in LA my face I'm like
trying very hard in this photo
don't judge me please let's look at what
my last photo was like the last photo
that I took on this phone I'm curious oh
of course
typical in typical me fashion it is a
photo of my new phone because I'm
assuming I got my new phone and I posted
this photo of my new phone and then I
stopped using this how sad like what a
big you to this phone like ooh
here's your replacement bye
that's sad oh let's see what else I'm
just gonna stop on a random image oh
this is an image of me I think me and
I'll run to her at this point and we
were in Vancouver oh I love Vancouver I
haven't been to Vancouver sense
apparently June 19th 2014 and miss it I
need to go back to Vancouver got stopped
on another one yeah that's just a
picture of nothing that's great let's do
another one also a picture of nothing
let's do another literally like these
are also all this ones Q this is a
picture of me
grace and mamrie when I filmed with
mamrie and grace for the first time my
god I look red I look like a little
tomato why am I so hot and bothered and
not in a good way
oh I miss them too I miss everyone I
just I want a big gathering of all my
friends adult life you don't see
everyone all the time
how sad tragic Oh imagine if I was that
dramatic in real life when things were
sad oh just like oh my god crumbles to
the ground videos what do I have for
videos my last video on this phone was
oh my god no probably that don't know my
cat back home his name is pre and pre
lik is very human
he loves to respond to things correctly
so I said pre say hi and he be out back
they said hi back oh that is one of the
cuter videos I've ever taken on any
device oh my god that makes it that
actually makes no sense it's an inside
joke with me my dad and my whole family
strength and honor its from gladiator
it's my dad's favorite movie so I did
that when I was in front of the Coliseum
cute dad things doing cute things my
family let me live what else do we have
here let's look through my text messages
the last person I texted was my manager
Andrew my friend and manager Andrew my
dear friend Andrew what did we would it
be last text about I said oh hi texting
you from my iphone 6 typical me like
bragging subtle brag I have the new
iPhone also it's weird because I have
the word hi typed into the phone still
but like I never sent it interesting
okay who else by texted I texted Trevor
Moran what'd I say okay so I said to him
he said happy birthday Connor I love you
and I said all thanks Trevor I love you
too cute and voice messages fun fact I
like to send voice messages more than I
like to send text messages so if you're
human that has my number
text me voice messages
it's better it's way more personal
texting is boring you can't see it you
can't hear the personality behind the
text okay I'm just rambling just texting
my friend Brett texting my friend Jacob
texting my friend Alexa texting all my
friends none of this is really
interesting I'm not gonna lie and now
this is just happening my hair is just
like floating notes what's one of my
last notes that I took frequently asked
questions video I actually filmed that I
wonder when I wonder that was from
September 13 the day after my birthday
2014 and I did film that insert clip
here
what's your real name hi my name is
Connor Franta and then I have a to-do
list
ship out my brother's birthday present
she's got a remind myself ask Ian if he
wants to get lunch okay like video post
Instagram
I am I reminding myself to like a video
and post an Instagram okay cool
oh my god oh my god my past is so crazy
guys another note from Connor from
August 23rd 2014 just saw a man
blatantly littering all of his garbage
from his fast-food on the streets of Los
Angeles it's already dirty enough we
don't need your help
oh my god sassy me a social justice
warrior littering is bad
don't let her I will never understand
why people let her it's such a lazy
habit it's literally like oh I have this
thing I don't want it anymore
toss what's getting windy let's see
let's look through my texts those are a
little more interesting who is a texting
anyone randomly an uber driver typical
anything juicy in here I'm not a real
juicy person let's be real
that was a hummingbird oh why do I feel
like I cry do you see tears oh there's
my neighbor oh she's looking at me
okay let's scroll to a random what else
was I doing at this time my life and
stuff oh my god me with grumpy cat I'm
at grumpy cat at VidCon June 27 2014 at
the Anaheim Convention Center I find it
so weird that your phone knows that it's
so obvious that it knows that but like
it has Anaheim Convention Center above
where I took that photo and I didn't add
that to it which is really scary it
makes me think of conspiracy theories of
how we're being watched at all times
these things we take with us okay no
thanks oh you you you there are photos
of someone oh this is when I this is me
this is me oh my god I forgot about this
oh my god wait I could throw up oh my
god I cut my thumb one day at my old
house and I literally I kid you not I
cut the tip of my thumb off oh I'll show
you but I'll censor it because I did
trigger warning trigger warning I'm
gonna censor the light version because
holy this was graphic like I
literally cut the tip of my thumb off it
was the worst day ever but then
afterwards I made peanut butter and
banana toast
so I guess life got better real quick
and then here's me laying in the grass
with the Leaning Tower of Pisa the
Leaning Tower of Pisa
Pizza Pizza ooh imagine a real life
leaning tower up so why am i finding it
very hard to say the word pizza it's
crazy to think that we are constantly
documenting our days nowadays more so
than ever before like I have I have this
history of my life of years of my life
in this little phone it's so insane and
then you have stuff like this where it's
just me taking nudes nudes we've
probably taken more newts than ever
before this generation is just the new
generation
okay guys that's it by the way the phone
my phone is so broken it literally
doesn't even turn off like I can't turn
off the screen great love that we
progressed yes kind of sort of I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
make sure to give it a thumbs up pretty
please and also if you enjoyed me make
sure to click subscribe because I upload
videos every week most of the time
mostly I'm pretty good also I tweet my
Instagram and I do all that under the
handle taht arista here comes the wind
again but that's pretty much all I got
for you guys I hope you having a great
week
I love you I miss you I think you're
great and I'll see you next week so if
you know this video a sure pick those up
