he's got a list so you know he means
business hello
it's December we're already halfway
through December which means this year
is coming to an end
thank God it's like one week before
Christmas the new year is on the rise I
can feel the potential running through
my veins I vividly remember last year
talking about how much 2016 sucked 2016
was one of the worst years of my life it
was just the worst year but what was
funny was as soon as I thought about
that I can't even remember why last year
was so horrible this year has just been
so bad and strange confusing disturbing
all around sad that I seriously do not
remember why we were complaining so much
last year so in light of that I decided
to make a little list of things that I
want to be left behind in 2017 people
events trends that happen this year that
can just stay in this year without
further ado 2017 welcome to your list
clickbait clickbait has taken new forms
this year I simply don't think I can
trust any video I click on org in fact
every time I click on a video or a news
headline I assume the title is fake
that's how bad it's gotten this year can
we go back to 2014 where everything was
just so simple so innocent so truthful
can't I just be transparent and call
this video boy talks about things he
didn't like this year and they kind of
stressed him out but they're really not
that big a deal in the grand scheme of
things
revolutionaries solely stock
you catch my drift
men I'm very well aware that that
includes me but you know I'm willing to
take one for the team for the greater
good it's a bad that this is the first
thing I thought about I was making this
list I just feel like men were the cause
of most problems in 2017 so I guess we
should get rid of them or at the very
least can we just get rid of toxic
masculinity please we'll start there and
we'll work our way up
stubbing your toe this one just happened
to me twice yesterday so I'm pretty fed
up with it had to add it to the list
have you ever sucked your toe it hurts
so badly leave it in 2017 artificial
intelligence we all saw the video of
Sophia she outright said she's out to
destroy the human race I will destroy
humans
I'm not saying let's stop the
progression let's just put a halt to it
I'm a little freaked out I get goose
bumps talking about it we need to ease
up a little bit we don't know what we're
getting ourselves into yet even in 2017
Twitter's 280 character limit I'm over
it when I go on Twitter I don't want it
to look like an encyclopedia I go on
there and it's just walls of text
Twitter was already everyone's outlet to
complain so now they have double the
characters to complain it's just become
a pit of sadness and in all honesty I
liked the challenge it took to fit a
story in 140 characters took a little
creativity sometimes grammar was out the
door typos through the roof but now I
just want Witter and it's just it's just
too much
littering I saw some asshole just drop
his trash on the ground the other day
and walk away he didn't even think about
it at what point in your life do you
just stop caring
I'm out here walking on the sidewalks
kicking my way through garbage who
litters slime I don't know why I hate it
so much I don't know why I just hate it
I hate the slime trend so much DIY slime
rainbow slime crystal slime I don't I
just I can't can we just can we not I
don't really have a particular reason
just no more please dis tracks the human
race is already proving to be short on
brain cells let's keep the ones we have
no more diss tracks they're bad they're
mean they're bad they're kind of funny
sometimes
I will admit but that doesn't make the
rest okay can we just no more
leave it in 2017 the US government is
there any way we can just leave the
entirety of the US government in 2017
again causing most of the world's
problems I'm pretty sure most people
wouldn't miss it I got nothing more to
say let's just let's just start over
pretend this year didn't happen
self-loathing I'm all here for the humor
but can we make 2018 to yourself loving
that sounds wrong I mean you honestly
you do you take that however you want
eyebrows I feel like this year
everyone just did tons of to their
eyebrows there was like the wiggly
eyebrow trend the other day I woke up
and someone had turned their eyebrow
into a Christmas tree can we just leave
the eyebrows alone for a minute
what did the eyebrows ever do to you I
mean in all honesty I'm all for creative
expression so you do you but also like
be smart about it
that also goes for like the face full
trend and like using different objects
to put makeup on you just you do you but
choices or choices ah
uneducated people let's only bring the
intellectuals into 2018
I'm sick of people acting stupid because
they think it's cute I'm sick of people
asking dumb questions because they're
too lazy to google it I'm stupid or
stupid I'm stupid I'm stupid
there's no excuse three billion people
have access to the Internet and I'm
assuming you're one of them if you're
watching this I only know that fact
because I googled it you got a
question look it up you want to learn
about something look it up you don't
know what net neutrality is look it up
you don't know what the new government
tax plan is about look it up empower
yourself with information we have it all
at the tips of our fingers if you're
dumb and you're choosing to be dumb stay
in 2017 me and my fellow intellectuals
well we're going we're going to the
future okay that's it I never really do
ranty videos I hope that also came
across as like slightly sarcastic it's
bad that I truly just don't care some
even gonna try to do more of that in
2018 what are you gonna do in 2018 leave
it in the comments down below what do
you not want to bring into 2018 also
leave it in the comments down below and
if you enjoyed this video click the like
button
it definitely helps and let me know if
you want me to do like the opposite the
positive twist on this things that would
be good to have more of next year let me
know okay but that's all I got so I'm
happy a very great week hope you're
having a happy holidays and I will see
you soon next week perhaps you enjoyed
this video make sure big thumbs up new
comm below
