hey what's up you guys hello hi how you
doing I'm gonna start this video off by
immediately pointing out that I'm
wearing a pin in the shape of a coffee
cup barium Bradbury me I'm also wearing
blue and have a candle lit over there I
don't know if I've ever pointed this out
either I hung that up the other day and
I'm constantly afraid that it's gonna
fall on me at night constantly afraid
okay so this week I did a thing
basically I wanted to do another Q&A
with you guys but I want to do it a
little bit differently recently I've had
a bunch of you guys sending me these
like update videos and they are so cute
there's videos of you guys and it's
really nice to actually see the faces by
and the Twitter handles and the
personalities behind the Twitter handles
so for this week's Q&A I only accepted
video questions yeah pretty much it okay
here we go
oh if you could only eat one food for
the rest your life what would it be err
you guys probably know this it would be
avocado toast avocado toast is currently
my favorite food and it's decently
healthy for you as a health nut
I appreciate something that tastes good
but also won't kill me so avocado toast
it is hey Connor I only have one
question and that's have you listened
eliminate yet and if so what's your
favorite song Norman I have listened to
lemonade it actually took me a couple
days and I'm going to say that that was
bad of me but I eventually listen to it
and I love my current favorite songs are
hold up sorry
freedom and daddy lessons also can we
just take a moment to appreciate the
fact that Beyonce single-handedly
revived the lemon emoji I could never or
maybe I could I'm reviving this emoji
what are your thoughts on the hashtag
that started trending how to try and
give us a girlfriend do you think
Disney's should take them to thon do you
think they should actually give us a
girlfriend maybe who knows to gate
winces I mean I actually only briefly
saw this the other day but obviously I
think that's amazing imagine an LGBTQ I
princess or Prince that would be
incredible I think it would especially
be incredible for younger kids to see on
the screen like me I would have loved
that growing up to see a gay prince on
the screen then I could have been like
oh my god I could be negate prince one
day maybe I'll be a gay Prince
that's just like freshness
that's what fresh smells like that's
just beautiful this is the reason why I
love these videos one I love mom's you
know that too when I found this question
I thought it was well it's not a
question first of all but I thought it
was so funny and so hilarious and so
sweet it is a very delicious candle
that's bad promo it's not that candle
but you can get it while the common
culture candle go to common culture Co I
know that Nicola is spending the summer
with you which is really exciting and my
actual question is have any climbing
plants for you and that go up for all of
you that do not know Nicola is my sister
and my sister is gonna be spending some
time with me this summer here in LA and
she's actually been to LA so we don't
need to necessarily do the touristy
things but I guarantee we are going to
be eating a lot because she's a chef and
probably running a lot because she's
also a runner but one thing that I
really want her to do with me and to
teach me is to teach me how to cook
because I'm not really the best cook I
know how to do I know I know some stuff
but my goal is for her to leave this
summer and for me to be able to cook I
guess decently well some things have
like a recipe book and be able to read
it I definitely want to go on tour in
some capacity sometime soon I'll be so
honest with you and say that I have
nothing planned as of now but I do miss
it and I miss meeting you guys and I
miss going places so I will definitely
be going on tour sometime in the future
high dollar how sick funny
my name is your book neither oh my god
who is this grandma who let her ask this
question nope nope I'm no hey Conor your
new book just arrived tell me how your
freaking pit itano's concert win that
took a twist you were so nice and then
you somehow got so shady
kitty won thanks for getting my new book
- it was incredible first and foremost
I've been a huge fan of pentatonic
for four years now something like that a
really really long time so to finally be
able to see them in concert for the
first time blew me away each and every
one of them are just so talented and the
concert highlights them in their own way
and highlights them as individuals and
that was a group and I just I loved it
so if you have a chance go to the
pentatonic store I was just wondering
what book do you recommend this one
other than hardcover works in progress
because I have no idea what books I
should read and you always seem to be
reading really good books so as you guys
know I frequently work with audible calm
Armel is a leading provider of
audiobooks with over 250,000 different
ones and this week's book that I would
like to recommend to you guys was
actually recommended to me by my friend
will it's called reasons to stay alive
by Matt hi Mike hey I think I'm probably
butchered his last name so far it is a
really really interesting beautiful book
I'm not quite finished listening to it
yet but I ten pretend recommend so far
you guys head over to audible.com slash
Connor you can get a free 30-day trial
then you can listen to that book if you
want it or you can listen to any other
book but again that's all accomplished
Connor freedom book show Connor the
slugs say hi Connor hey my heart oh so
cute oh my god I want a child
oh I don't quite like the slugs portion
I'm kind of okay with you not showing me
the slugs have you ever considered
cereal massive funny you should ask that
question I actually had a huge debate
with a person the other week about
whether or not a bagel is a sandwich red
plus bread or something in the middle
equals sandwich liquid in a bowl is a
soup cereal is a soup start the debate
in the comments below just drop that
bomb and walk away just walk away slowly
goodbye where did you get the
inspiration to make the amazing into
products for common culture love you bye
you're so cute oh my god I get my
inspiration from comic culture from just
kind of everything but one place I
actually get a lot of inspiration for
clothing designs and just things in
general is actually museums I find a lot
of inspiration and are
and looking at past art to inspire
future art by ah so a lot of times if I
need some sort of creative inspiration
I'll just go to a museum want to know
what you miss most about being on tour
whether it be booked or anything what do
you miss most love you
kind of similar one of the questions we
had before but the best part of our tour
was honestly just being able to go
places meeting you guys and the whole
experience of tour was amazing but just
like it's an excuse to travel so many
new places my book tour went all around
Australia all around the United States
and all around the UK just because I
wrote a book and I know writing a book
is a big deal but it was like it was
just like a cool bonus when I wrote the
book I never thought about the tour
would be a part of it necessarily I
don't it was just a cool bonus to be
able to travel so many places so they
wrote a little book that I really hope
to do that again really soon okay that's
it here we on um just get almost and
comfy I probably should have sat like my
hair is something like can we like wait
a minute
yep but uh that was fun I definitely
think I'm going to do that more often
you guys are all freaking adorable
that's all I'm gonna say if you want to
check out anything I talked about the
video including comic culture the new
common culture compilation those links
will be down below new products are
always being put out so I totally
recommend you follow that also just
follow me on all my other social media
websites those be down below too but uh
other than that I think I'm gonna go if
you enjoyed this video make sure big
thumbs up leave kampf alone bye
