hey what's up you guys so this week I'm
here with Jim Chapman yeah Jim is a
familiar face ish one time two times one
time a year ago
flashback insert clip here oh yeah
that's really good so festive myself
Jim is visiting from London London
England he's British um I'm still
horrible attack sounds like accent
challenge and the whisper jail yeah
very bad at both last time we filmed not
on my channel but on Jim Shelley from
the whisper challenge and we're both
really bad he was all but fun but Jim's
getting better as we found out in his
video I'm still horrible we're gonna do
pickup lines we're gonna whisper pickup
lines I think I've done this with Tyler
once we're gonna whisper British pickup
lines to me an American pickup lines Jim
I did you see where this day takes us
that's just who knows I may divorce my
wife oh and you and I may be gay um I'll
take it Berbick let's go all right
that's a sure winner I feel like and
what's your point should we do 1975 1975
that nice if I tell him I think - in
1970 it's because they're about 1989 if
you don't have it I think I know I
should know I don't know my target as it
that's blasphemy by the way that you
don't have that I really like that we're
the only person in the world ever you
like it yeah yeah yeah sure sure sure
ready show you incredible things go you
make me harder than a question on
YouTube I did that thing where I was
looking at your eyes yeah I forget that
I can't agree with you make me Father
Bennett one this is dirty I feel like
you make me harder yeah mm-hmm that a
question
beautiful you make me harder than a
crotch no I you'll be hard in the
country I don't know why you say you
make me harder you make me harder than
them a question a question I worship
yeah on University challenge on the
first day University on the University
on University Challenge change challenge
challenge yeah you make me higher than a
question on the University challenge on
University
what's university yeah now flap and very
in lies the problem to TV show where
they get university students like from
Oxford against Cambridge oh okay okay
well I mean that I can see that being a
reality show my neighbors got a nice car
okay answer here we'll start off with an
easy one
he's pleased sitting at me okay go okay
my god which I shouldn't even be
striving any wrong because a gentlest
you go no ready are you from Tennessee
because you're the only ten I see
no are you from Tennessee are you from
Texas different state Tennessee cuz I
know this because you're the only ten I
see there you go
that's a famous one I know I was like
I'll start off yeah that one you can
understand versus the bridge ones life
you know you ramped up there last time
on my begin you made it much easier yes
you're doing it I know it's doubly like
easy choice eg 110 I think it's because
we already put my worried your channel
and you did well so now I need to make
myself look better and I want to change
the song let's get the best part about
this album there's not a bad song on it
there is one I don't like shake it off
well how much shake that comment Oh
Massa tune okay this one's very sure can
I take you up the shard Tonya something
I can't believe Tonya has a pickup line
for herself and I can I thank you thank
you
can I take you up the shop to the stars
the Shan the Shah can I take you up the
Shah of the Schad dude can I take you up
the British Shah
wait what's that last word Shahs the
child no Julia Child is it Julia Child
British I don't know can AIDS that's the
chef Oh
oh my god no I didn't take culinary I
feel like I know every British yes and I
don't know if you remember I have their
phones I can't even hear a word you're
saying
can I take you off the British no can I
take your bechard yeah God is a very
famous building in London
oh wait like a shot of glass oh okay
yeah have you done that I haven't no
because then won't get bring your wife
up the shark I took at the shot please
you've liked all right bring the lube oh
so oh my god hahaha play for you this is
what I'm more concerned about amping
this up all right
some you as history not ready for this
well did you invent the airplane because
you seem right to me
an optical er did you invent the
airplane dick you invent the airplane
the heimlich airplane at bay oh my god
you're too good cuz because you you seem
like to me seem right did you have any
airplane because you seem right to me
something you'll give me wings now
you're not making it any clearer I'm
right right is you did you write the
airplane you see because you write me
the end what does you seem right to me
did you invent the airplane because you
can write to me close enough I'll take
it because you seem right to me
do you invented airplane alright
brothers
a I mean I hey that's not leave even if
you haven't got headphones on I know
that's always just but it's it's funny
okay I'm trying to go historical here
out of the woods Jack Antonoff Taylor
Swift good every time I knew that the
curl moves closer to you it's another
short one it's short
yeah thank God you make me wet them and
Somerset start all over you make me
wetter that's you make me wet wet huh
with exhaustion you make you make me wet
with an exhaustion that is a saw like a
pick-up line no it doesn't do it focus
okay what hahahaha you make me wetter so
wet so that way yeah
where's what you make me wet oh you make
me wet on wet tub you make me wetter
yeah than Somerset then mr. Tumnus
that's honestly what I thought you said
you make me wetter than summer sent
salmon Thomas and summer towels so much
dang summer gels
Somerset Somerset some extent summer sex
why is this so hard
sub-sect second what is that sometimes
why do I know any of these British
pickup life
all of these are Somerset is a place and
it rains wine all that there you go so
you might be watching this Somerset I
learned three new things today three
things you should never say to America
truly pictures because they've got no
idea I'm about to throw one that you can
use okay although you should not be
using them because you're married
correct
Holly Anitha would Jenna we have the
butcher Tommy out of the woods
oh hey baby on a scale of 1 to America
how free are you tonight
not one more paint baby hey maybe
unskilled one to America so about one on
a scale of one to America one to marry
on a scale of one to one to America
marry America bury America America
Humphrey are you tonight how free how
you know how free are you tonight the
mound of the free the ladder the ring
yeah everyone knows everyone can use
that we be dressed up in Statue of
Liberty fancy girl panting I'd be like
hey or if you're really desperate just
out of normal bar just walking like to
everyone that's and literally everyone
that wasn't that bad we did I did wait
worse on your channel though ugh
I didn't way worse way WAY worse at
least I got the beginnings of your jobs
but I didn't make those cuts are truly
googled them I forced you to go with the
theme cuz I love a good theme I love a
good theme legacy I love a good thing
doesn't have a good thing if you love a
good theme make sure to give this video
a thumbs up there we go transition also
if you want to go check out Jim's
channel we did a video on two engines
Champy's is very similar if I go click
Jim's face click subscribe click like on
this video check it all out yeah but
other than that I think we're gonna go
if you enjoyed the video make sure to
pick some big thumbs up why can I not
talk if you did enjoy the video make
sure big thumbs up to a couple bike
