this is weird I'm nervous hi it's your
dad that's weird
hi kids I'm your ID this is so weird
hi kids watching this I'm your dad of
the past this is so weird
so I have literally no clue how many of
you there are I have no idea that just
tell me when to stop
oh my god please oh my god I'm already
stressed hi how are you who are you what
are you are you a boys are you girls how
many boys and how many girls do I have I
have all boys do I have all girls I have
so many questions what am i showing you
this video have you seen my other videos
I'm very sorry for my other videos I
know it's probably really embarrassing
that you have a total archive of my past
online if I'm wise I'm probably not
showing you this until you're like in
your teenage years or is that wise I
don't know if that's wise that's when
you get mean are you mean please don't
be mean you better be as nice as me I'm
so nice wait oh my god what am I like
I'm a dad oh my god I'm a real dad I am
a dad I am a father you are my children
am I am i stylish do I have dad chic I
got dressed up for this video because I
was like this is the first time and the
only time that you're going to be
meeting your father of the past I felt
like it was a good occasions a special
occasion it's a rare occasion I keep
messing with my hair oh and my ball did
I go bald hope I didn't go ball oh my
god please tell me I didn't go bald I
would rock bald
I'd be fine Bob okay this is becoming
about me this is about you it was your
other dad who did I marry is he hot you
probably can't say that about your dad
is your dad hot is he sweet is he kind
what's he do what do I do
I wonder if this whole YouTube thing
didn't work out or worse what if it did
work out and I'm still making YouTube
videos at 40
yikes I wonder where your interests are
are you into sports are you creative do
you play an instrument
I can never play instruments I'm very
musically declined what are your
favorite colors mine currently is yellow
are you passionate about things I hope
you're passionate about things I am a
very passionate person so I'm assuming
I'm instilling that in you oh my god
what else did I instill in you are you
clean are you crazy
if you're anything like me you're
probably very organized we put together
like things in their place and if you're
not go to your room regardless of all
that I hope you're happy me right now
wants you to be whoever you want to be
an artist a doctor a janitor anything
that you want to be I will support you
if you want to dye your hair if you want
to get a tattoo wait for a while to get
a tattoo please oh my god if you get a
tattoo without me knowing so help me God
go back to your room
matter who you are what you do what you
think what you believe if you mess up or
if you succeed I will love you I love
you and I support you and that's your
total dick then I just don't know if I
can do that
getting kind of don't be rude oh my god
I'm just thinking of our cute little
family me my husband and however many of
you there are oh my god
cute okay me of the future kiss them all
right now kiss your kids and hug your
kids everyone one by one all the images
is it so cute
okay kids now I need to address my
audience my audience the people watching
this video this isn't just for you this
is for them too it's mostly for you but
it's for them too okay everyone so the
reason I made this video is because I am
actually a part of this film called gay
be baby baby baby is an Australian
documentary about same-sex parents and
their families it follows four different
families around and just kind of shows
what their lives are like and I was
fortunate enough to curate some of the
soundtrack for the film and to help with
the marketing with my record label heard
well and so is originally distributed in
Australia but now it's in the United
States today May first is international
family equality Day it's a day that we
celebrate and bring awareness to LGBT
families and their stories and in honor
of that gay be baby the documentary is
now on iTunes it's now on iTunes and you
can watch it today and the reason this
video ties in with that is because I'm
eventually going to be a parent with my
kids and my husband hopefully I want
kids as of now so hopefully I'll have
kids and currently we live in a world
where that's not fully accepted people
don't quite
stand that that is a normal thing that
is an okay thing so this documentary
just shows how normal whatever normal
means that is the documentary is funny
it's charming it's cute it's
inspirational it's real and I think
anyone no matter who you are what your
sexual preference is doesn't matter I
think everyone should see this
documentary so I'm challenging you to
click the first link in the downbar
download the documentary and watch it
with your family on today international
family equality day but yes a message to
all of you and to my kids watching this
I hope the world is an even more
accepting place in the future accepting
of everyone no matter who you are what
you believe in what your race is what
your sexual preference is I hope the
world accepts you into my family
watching this I hope we feel that and I
hope we appreciate that and I hope you
always remember to never forget that it
wasn't always like that so a little
shout out a little thank you to everyone
who has helped make the world a more
accepting place for LGBTQ I people or
for just people in general ok that's it
kids go to bed you could be watching
this during the day but go to your room
and read a book read my book I apologize
in advance for being the most dad dad
that has ever dad dad I'm a dad I get it
I'm a dad tell me I'm ok tell me you
love me ok if you enjoyed this video
make sure big thumbs up leave can't blow
too
