what's up you guys so today I'm here
we're super boom I know you nice okay
for that certain harmony but trash my
singing career before it's even born um
so hey what's up you guys
I have never filmed with Mitch and Scott
before - nowadays we I know we've hung
out but never filmed people's been
tweeting us - cloud with you for two
years I think I know I've been seeing
some vicious tweets so I can't we better
do it so today I thought we would play a
little game called I saw this I saw help
you do this it's called the voting game
and we're gonna play the not safe for
you to Persia I love that Wow I love
nuts we Reggie I have to get a very edgy
that's basically what we're gonna do is
we each represent a number Mitchell V
number of course to each go on okay I
feel like a PTA mom I mean I'm achieving
a parent sticks boy yeah and then you
are three okay so we each have a number
that represents us and then you will be
asking questions like which one of us is
what we use one of the real ones
literally I feel like a PTA mom like
look at me organize my little finger
like yeah we'll just be asking questions
and we'll have to hold up the number of
who is most likely to do another thing
that's in the question we're still we're
all hungover oh by the way the reason I
have this like printed off is because I
ordered the game and then it didn't come
in time so I printed off a version
online DIY resourceful a resourceful PTA
mom why are you expecting her in the
mangas Amazon Prime one-day shipping
oh really yeah they said by 9 p.m. but I
assumed to be before not hit because
what gets delivered at 9:00 right that's
annoying you have
something right there I am cat litter
cleaner thank you and I want to see ways
weidy here
no he's in these tub okay let's play the
game let's go to wrist oh god I'm gonna
does it go there it goes there I love to
go there we'll just start off you know
family friendly who is the first in line
for hell what are we the second would
murder your cat your own turns oh do you
hate my wait why me because you're a bad
girl I am a good girl no you are not I
am so sweet of all of the girls here I'm
whoa no you're you're the first 50 pick
one there's something I think the red
ones I know there was like 10 example
questions that are using I'm so cheap
who has more ropes than pillows in their
bedroom oh it really depends let's say
I'm looking around we are oh no no
they're not out in public why you know I
was gonna go with Mitch but then I was
like you know I never I've never been to
your place
true that's okay so I'd really like
there's just like these freaky
undertones you don't know about either
dungeon literally three sex dungeons I
knew it no kids over some time one gets
a closer look am I gonna lose are you
guys I'm an angel
oh whatever those are dirty these are
clean Oh create your own oh how great
oh please I'm gonna do dirty about
what's fucking awful I can't do that
okay who is you something as a sex toy
that is normally reserved for eating oh
oh oh we all picked it oh oh oh an array
do tell
I don't know as you know like I felt bad
picking you every time someone is your
answer no one is your answer what wait
why me
you because I feel like you love to
experiment thank you you figure I mean
you're open-minded yeah thank you I feel
excited my horoscope well thank you uh
we Burgos Virgo Bergen kiss mean it's
extra you about you oh my god oh he
amount of notes
I picked match for the same reason as
always it's very sexual
well of course this look feels like a
personal attack these are the
instructions I literally printed out the
instruction when I played board games
with my mom she reads the instructions
every time races very say connects
people everything hey it's my mom sounds
horrible ha ha ha ha ha ok who pees in
the pool every time oh my god every time
I know it is easy I'm Julia thank you
guys thank you me I used to be a swimmer
like I didn't want to get out so you
would eyes really bullshit and
repeatable every time no I can't PMS I'm
in front of a toilet like really yeah oh
no I always want to I actually have
never peed in a pool but I oh my god I
think I feel like I would do by
definitely a few hi yeah shamed of it
good for you thank you who would be the
best Walmart greeter oh I'm gonna pick
myself to it yeah I would have so much
fun being a wall my Christian you would
cuz you're positive I would just get
tired of it really fast
you would not agree people 10 people
away don't come in here I would say
hurry up there could be the leader of a
cult why
oh we go no because you know we
literally just talked about this their
leader type personality Oh true I am a
leader type personality but I feel like
you are in doing weird or more intense
things that's common culture yeah I love
it early have a call I'm forming one Oh
true I said what if
so just so much hahahahaha this one who
wants to go home with Stephen tonight oh
my god Stephen hot ok who will be having
the most sex in a retirement and their
retirement
oh my god you love sex and you can't
tonight I'm not that being old stop me
from no I don't think you will
either I don't think I want yeah I think
a sex drive is only gonna get stronger
there we go
you want to create your own if you got a
side of mine um who would be the most
uncomfortable if they were hit on by a
girl at a bar did you keep me yeah I I
guess I would be a country below I feel
like out of the three of us maybe yeah
if we had to pick someone but I feel
like I don't anyone it's on me I feel
flattered
oh he's like oh my god I mean we come
here we do it we did it yeah yeah yeah
yeah love that confetti light that was
good
that was it I was awesome that was fun
we learned so much about each other we
really did I think we took our
friendship to the next level yeah yeah
you were sex I have sex dungeons you
have sex dungeons and I'm a horrible
person
well I hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did make sure to be a big yeah awesome
give it a big thumbs up yeah why is it a
big thumbs up I never get that yeah what
if it's we also by the way I did a video
image in Scots channel we did I mean I
keep talking like this our video is
equally as ns
y-yeah yeah we get into some nitty
gritty dirty things oh we don't really
do so dirty
at least pg-13 at me at least oh yes God
as if you guys want to check that out
make sure to click their face or click
the link in the downbar and while you're
there click subscribe because they make
great videos great content Thank You
Scrooge great so said also they sing aw
and it's really good thanks download
their album cider music oh my god
Racing like the best boy go ahead follow
my Twitter ah but I think we're gonna go
okay ah make sure this wave big you see
this really goes up good bye
