okay okay okay I have a lot of
explaining to do
hey what's up you guys I mean for a
bathroom it's quite cozy I believe this
is my first video I've ever shot from a
bathroom moment in history taken in
soaking in breathing in so hello
everybody from New York City every time
I'm in New York City I somehow find
myself filming q and A's every time I
don't know why but normally I feel my q
and A's from out there not in the
bathroom
but whoa but for some reason my air
conditioner will not turn off it has
been going for this entire trip and I
have called down to reception every like
hmm and nobody will fix it till it's a
freezing and B it's just really loud out
there so I'm filling in the bathroom I
hope the acoustics are great I can
imagine they're not but either way so
you guys asked me much questions I want
to give you a bunch of answers so let's
get right to it go what was the first
thing you did when you reached NYC I got
in at like 9:00 p.m. so I pretty much
just got to my hotel put on my robe and
love putting on Hotel robes it makes me
feel so luxurious check the Wi-Fi speed
ordered room service and went to bed the
essentials the best things in life why
does this piece of hair never cooperate
there it is right there and from a
single curl really know why it's just
that one right there
sometimes this curls too and then that
is a really difficult day I don't know I
kind of like it is it like my signature
thing to have that single curl is this
my zayn moment run a lap around Times
Square while vlogging do you sleep with
your socks on have you ever been
arrested
fun fact I've actually been close to
being kind of arrest in one time there
was one time where I have paid it the
police tonight would be telling this is
that okay
I don't know I may have
and in college at a party it wasn't
supposed to be happening the campus
security police people so not really the
police so I guess I'm not lying I am
lying security people came to shut down
the party and get us in trouble bad
things were happening so long story
short they arrived at the door and I
jumped out the window what's your
favorite snapchat filter I mean the
puppy one makes everything to look
adorable by the way follow me on
snapchat ki Connor Franta what is it
like to be famous for consistent typos
it sucks
I have phases I was in a good phase for
a really long time where I had no typos
but now I'm in a phase where I have
typos in every tweet I had typos in my
tweet about this Q&A hmm what is your
favorite song at the moment I'm loving
the new ariana grande stuff dangerous
woman and be alright are like two of my
favorite songs at the moment yesterday I
had a dangerous woman stuck in my head
like the entire day it would not get out
and I was kind of okay with it can we
see a fetus pic of you I don't have any
with me so I'm going to trust the connor
of the future while editing this video
texted his mom my mom we were the same
person mom we have the same mom insert
photo from my mom here define friendship
that took a turn friendship to me is two
like-minded people who support each
other through the ups and the downs of
life they make each other laugh they
have fun together they like being around
each other I started good but I ended
bad with that definition can you
recommend anything on all over this
month so as you guys know I frequently
worked with audible.com Ã¡rboles the
leading provider of audiobooks with over
a hundred and eight thousand different
titles and this week I want to recommend
you guys for a reason my book a work in
progress if you didn't know I wrote a
book and I recorded the audio book which
is on audible.com and if you use auto
o'clock on slash connery you'll get a
free 30-day trial and you can download
my book again it's pretty cool because
it's my actual voice reading my actual
book to you yeah it's pretty fun go over
to a lock up - Connor and read a book
but for the point I have a point with
this I need to bring up my book for a
point I need one sec stay right there
this is gonna I need to sleep
I have announcement people I always have
it enough that let's be real so
basically a while back I released a
hardcover version of my book but it was
limited edition and I know a lot of you
guys wanted the hardcover version but
couldn't get it so today I get the
pleasure to announce you guys my book
with a brand new cover is out while it's
up for pre-order you can pre-order it
right now or you'll be able to buy it in
stores across the world in like just a
month but I want to make sure to pay
attention to this because we redesigned
the cover it's a New York Times best
seller on the front and it's got this
cool design the whole way around it's
really really really really really very
pretty I have a new author photo got
this nice blue paper on the inside so
cute and beautiful and it's got this
little Preston C up with a diamond
around it but yeah so this is just a
cute little revamp of my book and it's
just really nice and I'm really excited
about it so if you want to preorder a
copy I'll leave the link down below it's
the same book but it also has all those
bonus chapters from the previous
hardcover books but also to be in stores
soon so yay bread or toast post oh my
god toast is like the most interesting
thing to me at the moment and that
sounds pretty lame goddamn lame think
about all the options of things that you
can put on toast jam peanut butter
avocado meets vegetable veg vegetables
like whipped cream or choc can put
anything on toast it's amazing I love it
who's your favorite artist right now
I've already talked about music so I'm
going to actually talk about like art
art
I currently love oh my god wait actually
I have oh I need to leave again this is
so difficult
okay okay I'm back God for the 50th time
I'm currently loving keith haring who is
an artist who does stuff like this and
like this and I went vintage shopping
the other day and I found this sweater
and I was like immediately obsessed so
currently I'm going through a Keith
Haring face I love Keith um last year
you were against smoking but you started
to smoke what's going on is this
directed at me hate rumors rumors are
annoying this is how rumors get started
I don't even know where this person got
this from fun fact another fun fact I
have never ever in my life
smoked a cigarette never ever smoked a
cigarette once not even once - you sir
are wrong do you have a favorite meme
Dan tips for being more confident being
confident for me has come a lot from
just dressing confidently when I wake up
in the morning and I pick out really
cool clothes or I do my hair well or I
just feel like I look good I
automatically feel more confident and
I've really enjoyed kind of picking out
cooler outfits as a way to make me feel
more confident lately so yeah everyday
just try and like leave your house
looking at yourself in the mirror saying
I look good I feel good I'm confident
okay that's it this is the first
bathroom Q&A we've ever done Congrats
people we talked about art we talked
about my new book cover confidence lots
of things friendship even but that's
pretty much all I got so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
the big thumbs up but yeah actually
gotta go catch my flight right now so I
think I'm gonna go again if you enjoyed
this video make sure big thumbs up leave
cop alone bye
