hi so the other day it was a day like
literally any other day I did something
or watch something that made me cry and
that happens a lot for me I cry a lot
and since it happens a lot I just wipe
my tears went home and that was done but
the reason why this time was different
was because when I got home I realized
something that I'd never realized before
what I thought about when I got home was
that I cry a lot and I think that's my
favorite thing about myself and I had
never thought about that before I never
thought that crying was necessarily a
good thing or a thing that was super
particular to me or could be particular
to a person now I've always known that
I've cried a lot but I've never quite
thought that it would be my favorite
thing about myself growing up I attended
to kind of surprised that I cried a lot
if I could feel that something was gonna
make me cry I would either stop doing it
stop looking at it and like walk away I
was always afraid to cry even if it
wasn't sad even if it was just for
something happy or good I was afraid to
cry and I'm only now just realizing that
I was afraid to cry because crying meant
you weren't a real man that was always
the saying you're not a real man if you
cry you're not a real man if you show
emotion real men are tough real men
don't do that and I can't believe that
that actually worked
I let the world trick me into believing
that real men don't cry I believed it I
believed everyone I believed society I
believed that I wasn't a real man if I
cried and I can't believe that it is
just so sad because I imagine other
people feel that way that they are
emotional and that doesn't make them a
real man that they are athletic and that
doesn't make them a real girl anything
the list is literally endless I'm sure
all of these stereotypes and all these
things that have been graved in our
brains
since we were born really affect people
because I'm just now realizing how much
they affected me but you know what I cry
I cry all the time and I love that about
myself I cry so much I cry at everything
and that is my favorite thing about
myself and I'm not going to focus on
whether that makes me a real man
I'm just a person I'm trying to be
myself and if society tells me different
cool
I think cool go Society I am me and I
have nothing to do with you so yeah I've
just been thinking about that a lot
lately and I don't know I'm really happy
about it
I'm really I'm like oddly very proud of
myself but I want to know what's your
favorite thing about yourself let me
know in the comments down below that's
pretty much all I got for you guys this
week if you enjoyed the video make sure
to big thumbs up click Subscribe and I
will see you next week doodoo doo doo
doo doo doo bye it's windy we get it
