oh my my neighbor was coming down he
would walk right there and I got really
scared hey what's up you guys this may
just be the most pretentious
self-centered video I've ever made kind
of maybe if you take it that way it
should not be taken that way technically
doesn't even have to do with me
has to do with you it all begins with
you weird start already great okay so I
want to quickly explain exactly what
this video is essentially I have created
a lifestyle brand
my brand's name is common culture and I
have products that range from anything
from that was hard to say they range
from anything from coffee to music to
clothing and I love them I designed them
all I created them all they are all my
little babies my little concepts calling
them my babies is kind of weird babies
I'm 23 the reason I created this brand
is because I want to put good products
out to the world but it's been really
hard for me to find really good coffee
really good music and really good
clothing that is the endless search that
is the search I am always on in life and
I managed to find some here and there
but I've never managed to find a brand
that has it all
so I created it myself literally I
created it it took a long time but I did
it the whole point of this thing leads
to I have all my products that I've
created and I want to do a haul with my
products wow that's weird oh my god
crazy okay
I just want to get into it I want to
explain why these products are
bomb can I say that I normally don't say
that by the way make sure watch
throughout the entire video because
there are some new products that are
just being launched now and I'm showing
them to you now also I have tons of like
little things that you need to know so
please watch watch oh my cut piece wha I
want to start with my favorite the first
product that I want to start with is the
coffee
Coffee is one of my favorite things and
I wanted to create my own coffee this is
common culture coffee the beans are in
there it's so cute I designed the
packaging I picked the type of bag
I designed the sticker
I also of course picked the bean I had
to taste so many different coffees and
it was the best day of my entire life
my hair looks great the coffee is a
medium Colombian roast which is a good
starter coffee
it has hints of chocolate and graham
crackers it's delicious and the reason
this is SuperDuper important is because
if you want it now you have to get it
today the coffee is roasting today April
1st and will not be roasting again until
two months from now so if you want the
coffee you have to order today and again
it's a subscription service so it's
convenient because you get it sent to
your door every two months without doing
them with that that without even having
to think about it which is amazing and I
love that I'm subscribed are you
subscribed this one took so much work it
seems so simple and so easy but it took
so much work let me tell you I've been
working on it for a year so I'm really
really proud of this so thank you to
anyone who is supporting it next let's
move all over the board let's go to hats
I wanted to you can barely tell that it
says common right there I wanted a hat
that was like a pale pastel yellow so
you can see this is kind of like a gold
or a mustard I think sometimes I see
colors weird that looks so cute
when you wear it it's like the best pop
of color you can add to your wardrobe
because most people just wear black but
if get yellow into your head you look
cute and then it has a little CC on the
back all embroidered all nice good
quality love it then we got the beanie
very standard very grey but it's got the
nice white patch super duper okay come
on let's move on to the t-shirts this
one I was inspired to do something more
street wear this is a long sleeve and
has culture and common down the sleeves
and then it has a little design right
there very similar to the copy and it
also has a little sewn tag on the bottom
too and a custom label and all of that
that was the whole point with all these
products is that I wanted them to be
more than
merchandise like I didn't want them to
just be like my name or my image stamped
on a shirt I wanted them to be something
that I would wear myself and I wanted
them to be a product that had labels and
tags and be like 360 common culture if
that makes sense
next is the first new product that we
have Papa Papa so this is very much like
an old product that we had this one but
the problem with this one was that the
white t-shirt was to see-through and you
could end up seeing the embroidery
behind it which I didn't like I really
do like this white t-shirt it's really
really cool and really standard but you
could there was a flaw in it which I
worked out which again I am a
businessman I worked it out by getting a
darker t-shirt gray with the blue
sleeves blue embroidery blue logo on the
back I saw very important look at that
another logo branded more logo branding
so this is brand new and this is going
up in the shop today so make sure to go
check out comic culture go and grab one
of these before they're gone because
people really really love this one
speaking of which some of the products
are gone I don't think people quite
understand that but I want this brand to
be limited essentially so some of the
products will be standards and they'll
be up forever but a lot of them are just
going to be replaced and I'm gonna be
constantly putting in new things and
it's not always gonna be just stuff that
says common culture sometimes this one
says comfort but it'll be like the
sweater where it's more of a design I
have another sweater that design
recently that's coming out and it's
great but this is by far the favorite
product of everyone and it's probably
mine too oh god the design right there
and then it's got the logo right there
and then like little logo inside and all
that but it's show frickin comfy and I
will say one thing that I wanted with
these my hair today is I wanted to make
sure everything was holiday and the one
thing about printing is sometimes you
get t-shirts and sweaters that have this
printed material on it and it just comes
off and it washes off and it breaks like
I bought t-shirts that like after a
couple times of wearing it this get
scratchy and it falls off and it just
looks bad and it sucks but this is like
double printed and you can can't even
like pull it apart it's so nice and such
good quality oh that's a standard
it's so soft I would sleep with it
personally next actually so fun fact I
get mock-ups of these after I design
them and this is one of the mock-ups
it's not even the official one
I lost my official one which I'm very
sad about this is another one of the
crew necks it's super standard but again
the nice part about this one is that
it's not printed it has this kind of
fuzzy
I think it's called flock lettering
though it's a little bit more pressed
out and it's got like a texture to it
and it looks incredible and it has the
little CC logo on the back and
embroidered down there too again super
comfy very standard very yes keep
teasing okay I'm very excited about
these last two this is just a very
interesting video that I cited them I
hope you guys are interested in this
process maybe you want to know more
about like the behind-the-scenes details
but one more product and then a new
product this is the common culture mug
common culture so this mug is got like a
matte dark grey finish and then a glossy
matte grey on the inside and it just is
beautiful I'm not gonna lie I use this
mug every single day like I purposely
wash it and use it again because I love
it so much it's like the perfect amount
of coffee in the morning and it's just
like the matte feels great like it holds
nicely I love speaking of which holding
mugs looks so weird like that looks
normal but then you burn your hand
but yeah it's absolutely beautiful I use
this every single day must-have
especially to get the coffee if you get
the coffee I recommend getting this with
it perfect the final product and this
has been a product that you guys have
wanted for so long you guys have loved
the new baseball cap and I know you're
gonna love this one I finally have a
common culture candle okay let's do a
little unboxing so we got the logo on
the outside got a little tissue paper on
the inside and then tada and culture
candle I don't even know what to say I'm
so excited about this
oh god this is like the coffee and that
I had to go I like they I got like a
million cents like I sent them a type
there's a million type of cents let me
tell you I was like I want an earthy
forest fee smelling scent they sent me
20 I had to go through and sniff all the
scents and figure out exactly which one
I wanted then I had to pick the type of
jar I wanted the type of packaging I
wanted design it so cool oh god it's
been so fun but it's very perfect I love
the little like brass colored outside
glass jar it's a perfect size I don't
know how many ounces it is that's
probably on the website it's a good size
like it's not small and it's not giant
and I wanted that because prices of
candles are kind of hard so I want to
make sure it was it good in between and
then the smell is kind of like it's
basically like a forest II evergreen
Moss smelling very fresh but not
Christmas that was the one thing I got a
lot of sense that were to like tiny in
this one is not this one is perfect and
fresh and outdoorsy and just great so
this is now up in the store too if you
want to grab that I love this one I love
love love this one you guys know how
much I love candles and that's basically
it I hope that was like interesting to
you guys and I hope you kind of have a
new appreciation for the brand I put my
heart and soul into this brand
I love taking product shots I love
tweeting from the Twitter account and
the Instagram account and planning new
products like I have so many products
that plan for the future that just takes
so long they take months to plan that
I'm already planning ahead and it's just
been so great like I really it's become
my everyday thing to work on this brand
and it takes a lot of time but it's so
fun like it never seems like work or it
never seems stressful just fun to me and
I've never had anything like that in my
life where it is 100% been just fun yeah
I'm so happy and I'm so happy that you
guys are loving it the fact that you
guys are tweeting pictures and posting
unboxing videos on YouTube and just
tagging me in all of your posts it makes
me so happy like you guys are so good at
photography and it's been so fun to see
you guys kind of figure out that you
like that I feel like I've seen a lot of
you guys blossom into these creative
artists and it just is so nice if that
makes any sense I don't I just I love
seeing you as being creative so thank
you thank you thank you if you want
anything from comical
go to common culture Co everything is on
a website there's four compilations new
one coming soon coffee which ends today
so if you want coffee you have to get it
today
otherwise when you order it's going to
be coming in two months because we can
only roast every two months so you don't
get it today you will get it but it just
will take a little bit longer and then
all the other products ship worldwide
everything on the store besides the
coffee ships worldwide so no matter
where you are if you're in Thailand
Canada India I don't know anywhere in
the world the products can come to you
so that's great that was so important to
me that anybody could get the products
if you want any of the other products go
grab them they're up there and also make
sure to follow common culture on Twitter
and Instagram because we post every
single day and you want to be up-to-date
with those plus the Instagram is
beautiful very proud of me for that okay
but do me a favor leave in the comments
below what products you want to see next
you want to see more hats you want to
see more specifically designed things
you want to see certain colors anything
doesn't have to be a new product it can
be just like specifically what you want
from the brand if you guys can think it
I can create it okay I love you guys
thank you thank you thank you so much
for the support on this it means the
world to me if you enjoyed this video
make sure to pick thumbs up leave a
couple of boom bye
