hello hello hello hello I literally
don't have time so we're just gonna do
this here we go hey what's up you guys
so today I might seem a little bit
frazzled because well I am frankly this
is one of those moments where something
has happened that I just need to turn on
the camera and just talk about it
whether I upload it or not I just want
to talk about it cuz it's me ending I
need this I'm so frazzled I'm sorry -
this - yeah this morning I woke up and
it is March 14th it's Monday so I had to
edit a little bit in then upload a video
and then basically I was going to use
this entire day to get ready for my
India trip which is tomorrow I'm really
excited I've never been to India and I
just I'm really excited but I have a lot
to do because I've never been and it's
not like a short trip I think it takes
actually 24 hours to get there from Los
Angeles so yeah I was doing my thing I
woke up at like 8:00 I was editing and
uploading and then I get a text I get a
text from my friend that I'm going with
saying hey are you ready for India today
today
I lost it I texted back like 10 times
just like all caps keyboard smashing and
then I quickly called him saying what do
you mean today so it turns out someone
messed up and I thought I was going to
India tomorrow I'm leaving for India in
an hour
seriously this dress is me I'm so mad I
had four hours to get ready for India
when I had done nothing I had literally
nothing prepared nothing so after
accepting it I just said okay hung up
the phone and got to work and the whole
reason I'm filming this is because I
have a point here it's funny because I
was just talking my mom what situations
like these the other day situations that
like are so challenging to us they catch
us completely off guard they're
literally the last thing you would
expect to happen to you in your life but
then it happens it could be literally
anything but something big that you
didn't expect to happen and you just
have to kind of figure out how to deal
with it but you don't know how but for
what I've learned for situations like
this like really big things that happen
that you're not prepared for and you
don't know what to do the best part
about them is once you get through it
which you will next time you find
yourself in a situation like this it's
not going to seem so bad after I had
accepted the fact that someone had
screwed up and I have to leave today
like there's no way out of this I had to
just I had to go I had to figure it out
I had to get everything done and I have
no other choice and now I'm sitting here
ready for the airport I have to leave in
like 30 minutes and I'm fine I'm like
nothing nothing bad happened nothing
went wrong sure it was incredibly
stressful and I didn't expect it to
happen but like I'm fine
and I totally know that something's
probably gonna happen in the near future
where I'm gonna be like well at least I
don't have to go to India in four hours
like getting ready to go to another
country in four hours may not be the
most difficult thing but I just know
that like I can handle a lot more than I
think I can handle if I just try and
next time I find myself in a situation
like this I want to remember this moment
of how stressed I got but the fact that
I got through it the next time something
like this half
I'll be like I've done it before I can
do it again go I don't know I just
really had to talk about this but yeah
that's pretty much all that's happening
I really need to go like I genuinely
need to go to a TIA that's okay I
thought I was gonna have like a nice
relaxing morning I was drinking coffee I
was uploading a video and I was like oh
my and I just like I wanted to throw
everything and like drink my laptop in
half and just like run outside and
scream dramatically and I almost did but
I didn't but yeah so if you ever find
yourself in a really unexpected
difficult situation wherever it may be
whatever it may be about just know
you'll get through it
you'll learn from it and you'll grow as
a person and that is honestly what life
is about experiencing things learning
from them and growing say a pl√°tano say
woke up this week if you guys enjoyed
this video make sure of a big thumbs up
leave Kumble oh and I will see you next
week bye
