I start wearing bandanas lately and I
doubt a high feel about it and by lately
I mean one time I wish you would've told
me cousin I could have brought one I
have one half and dances hey what's up
you guys wait hey what's up you guys our
smiles are really really bright by the
way hey what's up you guys it's Connor
and today I'm here with Bethany Bethany
Mota Mota Beth moto moto Beth Beth
Messiah get ready that's pretty good
thanks
Panthers Mota so first of all Bethany
and I have been trying to film a club
for about a year two years later Lily
Belle birth we're finally here yeah and
my gross little there's a big pile of
 right there
so probably did you know Betty and I
think used to have four which call it a
 we used to have a ship situation
going on kind of and it was the weirdest
thing we were talking about this red
pork film because like we have no idea
how we got a ship yeah it just kind of
happened one day suddenly there were
photos of us that we didn't actually
take together they were just Photoshop
that was the thing is that like Bethenny
I didn't like hang out that much but one
day we just got shipped and I don't know
either way so today I wanted to film a
collab with Bethany revolving around
that ship and we're going to basically
search shoot tumblr couples or Instagram
couples and we're going to reenact all
the poses that we find and I guarantee
they're going to be really cheesy and
really strange so get ready for it don't
you Tom tumblr oh I could I could wear
your I don't think I have a football
what about like oh that's cute I mean
they're not a tumblr couple but yeah and
you look at my must attack you you did
tomorrow that is like a Valencia filter
with like did you ever used to add
flares
I'm straight I was going to say that's a
fake Sun flare
see you having fun so much I'm just
literally like that's literally all it
is I'll look at you endearingly I'll be
like wow that's my baby yeah that's my
babe okay Dancing with the Stars what
else do we have here
Oh kiddos wait is that Troy that's dry
so cute
okay I may kiss your forehead we're
gonna do it on to Troy this is bringing
back memories
yeah like Chloe has and you're gonna be
like laughing in to be kind of kidding
we got it I think we did too I look like
a douche right now like look at this
okay I don't know can we do that I don't
know if I can do that
that's gonna be hard I feel like either
I would split my head open or you would
break your spine are you saying I'm not
strong enough I just really
someone might end up getting hurt this
is rude and I'm cold that's a cute like
photo is like all were in the hospital
together
um piggyback we can do a piggyback just
jump
it's just I'm like jump just what dude
there you go oh that's it okay ready
you need have more faith in me okay I
don't have a I don't say so there's a
problem here I was like cheering Tina oh
my god it is yeah and Anil is that yeah
some of these are like just normal
pictures of people they're not even you
can grab my butt we can duck face duck
face
you can done BAE's yours look sad are we
gonna try and do something like that oh
we have to try to do something like that
we'll try our okay we'll try some I've
been doing some yoga recently
I think that we can really do that one
we should have done the yoga challenge
kind of like a yoga move notice it's
like flying bird something I don't I get
into this let's see I mean it's gonna be
awkward for a half a second just so
scared like crushing you you're not I'm
not
oh we Morfitt like yeah give me your
shoulders look at we're already puffing
go we did it no what is it a baby it's a
man with a baby hand wait oh it's like
as I'm like how how are they I don't how
do you get into that that's what I mean
you'd like you're going to and like hit
each other yeah stay look at her body
she she does that all the time
mm-hmm that's just how she exists this
might as well be the yoga challenge like
honestly all of these poses are just
people in weird positions
do you think we could do that one I mean
we can try you were worried about chubby
on my back but now you're not worried
about sitting on my legs I think it
would be okay well you're looking at it
from my perspective like that would be
really fun yeah I hope that my socks off
oh my god I'm gonna break your leg I'm
just worried about this breaking this is
like Lindsey is like link I mean
I've got how is that I've got you I
haven't even let my feel like try let me
tilt the camera so they can see your
face just do it go for it almost own it
just sitting with mugs
yeah I'm Rita here this video it's janky
what do you mean imagine just like
getting in this position of just
drinking coffee every morning wait we're
crushing this like let's be real
ah dun dun
we did that we did it that was fun that
was you know is that I think this is the
first time anyone's ever done this
collab I think so too creative points
seriously promise that deserves a thumbs
up or something give us all your thumbs
we want your thumbs yeah yeah so hope
you guys enjoyed that video I'm so glad
that we got to club for once
oh my wait is this our first class yeah
I don't think we've done it way before
flashback to road trip with Bethany
video that me Ricky and to remember that
long time ago right Bethany's like votre
essentials video something in the car
and we were in a car and we met at the
beach and we had s'mores just awesome
with somebody yeah it all makes sense
yeah so hope you guys enjoyed this video
but also we filmed a video on Bethany's
Channel about oh we filmed a really fun
never have I ever video so we were going
to be talking about things crazy stuff
that we have yeah very crazy very
x-rated you should go watch it click by
the nice place or click the link down
below and subscribe while you're there
because nothing makes great videos and
if you enjoyed the day Misha picked us
up do come by
