I was on a run this morning and I was
thinking about a couple encounters I've
had in the past couple weeks by the way
I'm outside if you can't already tell so
I'm sorry if there are any random noises
or light changes anyways it's the first
week in December happy December everyone
where the hell did the last 11 months go
they've been taken from us by the US
government in America right around now
there are a lot of holidays that happen
for me Thanksgiving Christmas and a few
birthdays and not only celebrating on
those days but people like to celebrate
before those days to having various
parties throughout it's just a very fun
couple months just a grand old time
especially now with our current
political environment I'm always curious
to see what conversations happen around
these months around these holidays with
these people that I don't always see I
see lots of relatives that I don't
normally see throughout the years they
have opinions that differ to mine
it's my least favorite noise in the
entire world
so it's interesting it's like people are
walking on eggshells about what they can
talk about what they should talk about
what they shouldn't talk about so it's
just kind of honestly it's kind of
hilarious what I've realized now in 2017
the current state of Connor I'm very
comfortable talking to people about
current political topics so more
importantly and more the topic of this
video LGBT topics around these holidays
because I see so many people that I
don't normally see I feel like once
twice a few times LGBT related things
always come up meet a gay person
bringing up gay things that just happens
I can't even control it anymore I just
love talking about gay things and buy
things and trans things and pan things
just all the things all the lgbtq+
things it always seems to find its way
into our conversations but it's usually
late in the conversations or late in the
holiday weekend and for some reason it's
like slightly opening the door and like
peeking in and then slightly opening it
a little bit more and then fully be like
I don't know that was a weird thing
people danced around the topic for some
reason I don't know what it is it's
probably because I'm from the Midwest or
it's probably because only recently has
it become more comfortable for people to
be able to talk about it but that's not
even true necessarily what I realized
this morning on my run about this topic
was that I've somehow through the past
three years of my life somehow this year
these past couple months I've become the
go-to guru of these topics in my circle
not in the world I have nothing to LGBT
guru in the world
I mean I'll take that title but I'm not
that person but I've become that person
and a lot of conversations and it's so
interesting coincidentally too I
realized right before I was about to
film this that this is also my
coming-out anniversary week by coming
out publicly online anniversary week to
think that three years ago I had just
come out and I was still very nervous to
talk about gay things and now three
years late
I somehow feel like I'm the go-to person
to talk about gay things like my mind
was blown when I thought about it so
over Thanksgiving and I was talking to
different family members about the
gradient of sexuality and the difference
between sexual identity and gender
identity and just like all things LGBTQ
plus just somehow towards the end of the
trip we got on that topic and I was like
to go to it was like as if I were Google
and I had all the answers and I don't I
don't have all the answers and that was
a great thing to bring up when I talk
about these things to other people I say
this is what I think or this is what I'm
pretty sure what this identity means or
this government bill is about I am not
comfortable saying I know what
everything is but it's so interesting to
think that in three years people think I
know and people close to me feel
comfortable coming to me to talk about
those things it was just a really
interesting thing it was a very like
full circle moment and again it just so
happened on this anniversary so it just
made it even more significant I was even
at a holiday party the other night with
a group of adults that I didn't really
know and bite really me I had no idea
who these people were but somehow at
this party I found myself in the center
of a conversation about just general
LGBT things and I found myself talking
to parents about pronouns talking to
parents about bathroom bills the whole
nine yards just like general bits of
information that I've gathered and
learned about over the past three years
and I was sharing what I've learned with
them it was just really interesting it
was so weird it's so strange to think
back to when I was younger and I knew
nothing and then it was strange to think
when I came out and again I still knew
nothing and then now in these moments I
feel like I know a little something I
don't know everything
but I know something and that's just
really interesting and I'm really
comfortable with it too I'm really lucky
to be in an environment and to be
surrounded by people that are open to
talking about those things
I I really can't imagine what it's like
to be in an environment that's the
opposite of that and I try not to take
that for granted because it does take
courage to talk about things that make
other people uncomfortable but at the
same time I don't know if I would have
enough courage to talk about the same
exact things that I've been talking
about over the past few weeks if it
weren't for my environment or if it
weren't for the people that I was
talking to those things about with -
it's crazy how different you can be in
just three years it's crazy what you can
talk about that you never felt like you
could talk about in just three years
it's crazy how knowledgeable you can be
on a topic in just three years and it's
crazy how comfortable you can be with
yourself in just three years
so yeah I'm curious tell me in the
comments down below if you've ever had a
realization like that about anything
about yourself trying to make this vague
because I know everyone who watches
these videos is not LGBTQ and that's so
fine
so let me know your stories in the
comments down below but again something
to hit home with I'm only the backdrop
is alive I'm only this comfortable
because of my environment and because of
the people around me so even if you
don't relate to this if you're a parent
if you have siblings best friends just
know that you can be that for someone
else you can be that person that makes
someone else feel comfortable to be who
they are and eventually maybe three
years later they'll feel like I'm
feeling right now they'll feel
comfortable and confident in something
they never thought they would feel
comfortable and confident and I hope
everyone is having a lovely week go tell
the people you love that you love them
if you enjoy this video click that like
button would love to know that and I'll
see you very soon so you got a few other
games become something below
hello testing one two three
what's going on how do I look green on
green
