hey what's up you guys I don't think
I've ever filmed from this angle what a
strange perspective you never see this
side of me it's like you never see the
back for all you know the back of my
head looks so weird not the point of
this video so this video is actually
going to be sort of a video response to
Arden Rose's recent video lovely human
that is Arden Rose so Arden recently
posted a video called
why I never had girlfriends and it was
basically about how growing up she
didn't like girls and she felt very
weird about it and I was super
interested in this video like I somehow
felt like I related to it and a lot of
ways that I didn't think I would
necessarily so today I want to talk
about that I want to talk about why I
never had boyfriend's growing up also
can we talk about quickly how it is very
strange for a boy to call his friends
boyfriends like why is that strange
why don't boys do that why do girls get
to call their girlfriends girlfriends
but boys can't call their boyfriends
boyfriends I don't know gender roles are
stupid I really hate that that's a
different video that's a different rant
so I can remember growing up and from a
very young age always being more
interested in having girlfriends there
was something about girls that I just
found more appealing in a weird way like
I just wanted to be around girls because
I thought they were more fun I thought
they were nicer and I don't know I just
chose girls from the very beginning over
guys
and it kind of went that way for a long
time in my life I remember always
wanting to have more girlfriends than
boyfriends and this is not to say that I
didn't have any friends that were boys
burning up I did have friends but it was
always a weird thing for me I almost in
a weird way didn't want to have friends
that were boys after watching ardennes
video it made me really think about how
I see boys and how I see girls more
importantly how I used to see boys and
how I used to see girls I felt like I
used to see all boys as mean as crude as
offensive as angry and I used to
categorise almost every boy that I met
in that category and I somehow convinced
myself that that's how most boys were or
all boys were and I think that's why I
decided I was like I like girls like I'm
just going to hang out with girls and
I'm going to have mostly girlfriends
because they are nicer and they're
sweeter and they're kinder and just
overall better people I remember girl
when you had to like pick partners in
school for school projects and stuff I
would nine times out of ten look to a
friend that was a girl and pick her or
if you really get a new class and you
had to pick partners with a complete
stranger I would always look to the
girls I was very afraid of boys because
again I hadn't convinced myself for some
reason that always will be mean I can't
pick a boy I've talked to a girl she'll
be very nice so it was this kind of
weird thing that I've got myself into
that I just like kept choosing girls
over boys for some reason and some of
this maybe because I was gay but I just
felt like couldn't relate to certain
boys I remember my brother growing up
and bring over his friends and I was
just like I don't get it I'm like how
come my brother can have friends that
are boys and they can like watch sports
and play sports and they all like it it
was the weirdest thing that they all
like liked it and they didn't question
it because any time I was ever thrown
into a situation where I like was doing
that I didn't like it or if I ever had
male friends over I felt like I had to
do those things and I didn't like those
things I felt so forced I vividly
remember watching sports with my brother
and his friends and just like getting so
bored so quickly and I would go upstairs
and watch America's Next Top Model
instead and that's again this is all
like leading to a different video topic
but in general I just I couldn't relate
to boys and then I put them in this
category that they were all like that
and they were all unrelatable to me and
that I would never be able to be friends
with them because of that but it wasn't
until later in life that I really
realized that not all that like everyone
is different in general that I was so
close-minded by categorizing all boys
like that when I got to college I made
so many male friends everyone that was
on my cross-country team my swim team
they were all like nice kind people they
did not fit into like any of the
categories that I had assigned to all
males in existence they were nice they
were kind they're respectful sure of
course they like liked sports and they
were like manly in Bowl alula but they
weren't mean and I think I just had
associated for so long that all men were
mean and scary that I didn't think it
was possible for these new friends of my
for anyone for that matter to be like
that so I remember it just threw me for
the biggest loop once I
like not all men were mean and also that
not all girls are nice again I had
categories that like all girls are nice
and all men are mean and like obviously
there's so much crossover those types of
emotions have literally nothing to do
with your gender those interests have
nothing to do with a gender and growing
up I had assigned certain emotions and
certain interests purely to someone's
gender and as I've gotten older I
obviously realized that that's just so
wrong in so many ways it's even weird to
think of it now that I would not be
friends with someone because they were a
boy or because they had certain
interests I'm friends with people if I
like that person and I definitely
progressed and I don't like categorize
people before I meet them or I don't
stereotype people before I meet them
it's been a long road let me tell you
because the more I think about this the
more it really did like shape Who I was
for the longest period of time and for
the longest time it also made me just
feel so bad about myself I was like why
can't I do this so many other people are
doing this
my brother has friends that are boys the
boys in my school have friends that are
boys but I don't want to have friends
that are boys but yeah so I just when I
saw Arden's video I just realized that I
could relate to that in some way hers is
definitely different than my experience
but I realized that it kind of triggered
something like oh my god me too that
happened to me that kind of happened to
me I understand where you're coming from
but if there any takeaways from this it
is don't judge a book by its cover don't
categorize people and don't judge them
get to know people
if you've convinced yourself for a long
time you can't be friends with a certain
type of person try being friends with
that type of person data ding try being
friends with that type of person because
maybe you have for some reason convinced
yourself that that type of person is
that way when there's a good chance that
they're not you're probably just basing
your experience off a past type of
person and you're judging it on this
current type of person wow this is
really hard to explain it makes sense in
my head so I hope it's translating to
you guys but yeah so what do you guys
think about this you have a mixture of
friends that are boys you've mixture of
friends that are girls does that matter
to you why does that matter to you I
don't know just leave in the comments
down below if you enjoyed this little
discussion make sure to click the thumbs
up button because real
pause I totally forgot to include this
in the video but I wanted to make sure I
told you guys that I am going to camp
the summer well I mean you guys are
going to camp too if you want with me
as a counselor this August I'm teaming
up with camp 17 and taking over camp
beaver
in Wisconsin for five full days that's
five whole days five whole days by day
and yeah I'm really excited because
there's only 250 spots so I get to hang
out in a relatively intimate setting
with you guys I'll teach you about my
creative process I'll teach you about
YouTube videos I'll teach about
photography basically anything creative
I'll be teaching you about yeah if you
guys want any more info on that make
sure to click link down below and go to
go camp 17 com the link will be down
below so click back go register and I'll
see a camp okay
unpause and if you enjoyed me click
subscribe for more videos I upload them
every week if you want to check out my
brand come and culture click the link
down below because we have new products
up going up all the time probably soon
maybe not now yes this sweater is so old
and I found it in the back of my closet
and I was like I need to wear it why
haven't I warned this in a video
recently
it's like years old it's basically
vintage I'm trendy as far as pretty much
it I think I'm gonna go again if you
enjoyed the Theory sure big thumbs up
leave a compliment
