hey what's up you guys so I just had a
massage and I don't normally have
massages I've only had several massages
my entire life I used to get them a lot
when I did sports because I would get
really achy and tired and so on
but typically my massages have been very
hard and mostly in my shoulders because
there's like a purpose to them not for
relaxation necessarily but this week
I've been particularly stressed and one
of my friends gave me a massage which is
really nice so thank you friend and it
was a thing I've ever done before
basically the massage was an in-home
massage that you ordered through an app
which isn't that weird considering
that's pretty much what we do with
everything nowadays but it was weird
because I've never done it so yeah I was
a bit uncomfortable but I just did it
and ordered the massage
lots of things were running through my
head before and I was like texting my
friend I'm like thank you for the gift
but is this safe is this person gonna
kill me are they gonna steal my stuff of
course he said no I'm just being silly
being a little bit crazy but yeah before
no time my masseuse showed up in very
normal esteem very happy and she walked
in with like her table and just sat in
my living room put on some music and it
was like okay go and it was just really
weird cuz like I had my windows open and
there's construction outside it was a
little bit cold and I was in my living
room getting massage from a stranger it
was just weird and I felt a little bit
uncomfortable if you ever had a massage
you put your face in this little pillow
and you're able to see through at the
floor and every time I do it I like put
my face and I'm like okay here goes
nothing I'm trusting this person to do
pretty much whatever to me I'm like
during this time I can't see anything
but this little circle of floor and they
could do anything for all I know they
could be like one second gotta go get
more oil and then they like loot my
place I don't know it's just a lot of
trust but the first thing I did is what
I looked at the floor I thought that
then I thought oh my god my floors are
so dirty I need to clean them there was
like dirt on my floor and I was just
like oh my god I want to like pause this
and be like excuse me for a minute why
like Swiffer the out of my floors I
apologize but please just let me vacuum
and again going back to the inning
normally for massages or at least the
massages I've ever had it's always just
been back shoulders and neck and before
when she showed up she's like what do
you
to work on I said back shoulders and
neck but what threw me off is that she
eventually just started doing a
full-body massage and a lot of you are
probably wondering was i naked typically
with massages you get naked you get
naked you strip down and you get under a
sheet and you're naked
I typically stop at undies so I was not
fully naked but I was exposed enough to
be nervous yeah she started working on
like my legs and my hands and my feet
and then after I got over that I started
being like wow this feels really really
nice is she touching my butt like after
a while I'm like wow this feels really
good and I'm like oh my god she is
punching my butt she's punching my butt
bowling elbowing punching rubbing lots
of other things to my butt and it took
me a while to realize that she was
massaging my butt because I don't know I
just thought she was massaging my leg
and all of a sudden terms of my butt and
I don't know it just happened really
quickly and that's fine that's okay it's
just not what I expected when I got the
massage to have my butt massaged and it
was really pleasantly surprised at how
much I enjoyed getting my butt massaged
after I got over the initial awkwardness
it was actually enjoyable and it was
over too quickly and I was a little bit
annoyed and then she moved on to the
rest of my body and at one point she was
like punching my feet I like she was
punching my butt like massage it and
then she was like okay okay that's
enough enough of that but yeah so that
was an interesting experience moral of
the story is expect the unexpected I
guess I did go into that experience
expecting the unexpected because I did
expect a lot of weird things to happen
and the kind of did what kind of didn't
it was all very pleasantly strange but
overall just a very pleasant experience
so I'm quite happy and pleased with
myself I went out of my comfort zone and
I feel great shoulders feel great my
butt feels amazing so yeah that just
happened and I felt like I had to tell
you guys about it if you enjoyed this
story and you want me to tell more
stories make sure to click the thumbs up
also while you're down there clicking
the thumbs up button make sure to click
Subscribe but other than that I think
I'm gonna go so if you draw this finish
it doesn't really come by
