hey what's up you guys
it's me I'm back and I'm wearing some
sort of denim hello everybody and
welcome back to another Monday video I
have a lot of new things like a lot of
new things I've been given a few things
I bought a few things I don't know if
I'm proud of either but you know they're
all at my feet and I really want to show
you them and I really want to talk about
them so never know if these are
favorites videos haul videos or just
story time videos because they all have
a story we all have a story each and
every one of us think about it beautiful
little nugget okay go
the first thing I want to show you this
week is this adorable little succulent
I'm so tumblr I'm so hipster I'm so
Californian California seriously this
thing is so adorable look at it it's in
this cute little geometric pop and it's
a little purple succulent and it's
living it is alive like my plant Sarah I
don't care if you don't believe me
drop it that's dead that's oh I'm dead
she's alive so what's the flea market
the other day which I rarely do and I
picked up this little succulent because
I think it's so adorable and it was only
like ten dollars or something so cute
I'm really gonna try to keep it alive
also while I was at the flea market I
picked up this and no I'm not married
I've always really wanted to get into
rings because I've seen a lot of my
friends wearing rings like multiple
rings on their fingers anything looks
really cool and I just want to be cool
isn't that the goal in life just to be
cool bad so I went to the flea market
and I was looking at rings and literally
the first one I tried on was this one so
fake a match made in heaven
something like that and it was only five
dollars so cool I'm really afraid that
it's gonna die my finger like green or
something because I've heard that
wearing jewelry or is it wearing copper
or is it wearing silver one of the
things one of the metals you wear and it
dies your skin's my first ring I'm pop
my ring virginity I don't know these
things the next thing I picked up I
actually picked this up last night is
this denim thing it's both like it
buttons up and I think in oh my god I
just figured this out before the video
it has pockets and it's like you know
it's it's I mean wait I could wear it
like that if I was very cold but yeah
it's really cute and it's by some brand
that I'll put right there
got it an urban love it another thing I
picked up because it is cold outside is
this jacket this is a brown jacket from
Topman and I've worn it a lot recently
and every time I wear everyone's like
where's that jacket from where can I get
it I think it will still be at top man
but I got at top man and I don't know I
love it I don't have any like tan
jackets so that was pretty cool you look
very fashionable even though I'm not and
finally another thing I got was I had
rings hat things I'm trying all the new
things guys I'm surprising how much I
actually like myself and hats I went
through a big phase in my life where I
was not okay with wearing hats I don't
know why I don't know if it was like my
hairstyle or what I've always thought I
have a big head that's an insecurity of
mine but I don't know I've been wearing
hats lately and I really like it and I
feel like I look good in them so
confidence is a good thing but yeah I
got the scent ragam own it's really like
simple it goes with everything and it
was on sale so for music I really wanted
to get a new record and I couldn't
figure out because thing with record
players is you want to make sure you get
a very specific type of music so I went
in to pick up the Bon Iver record on
Iver Bon Iver on I bore on condom ah
this is like one of my favorite records
it's so soothing from like the
instruments to the vocals you can put it
on and you can have it as background
music and you feel so relaxed I highly
recommend it and it's like the best
thing in the world on vinyl so I'm just
saying
the most recent documentary series I
watched was Chelsea does it's a new
docu-series by Chelsea Handler and it's
so so good
she like goes and tries drugs on camera
she goes and talks about marriage on
camera really really really um both
funny and informative and it's really
difficult to do I feel like especially
for Chelsea Handler but because of that
I like refill in love with Chelsea and
decided I wanted to listen to one of her
books again probably at the Doudna know
I frequently worked with audible.com
honorable is a leading provider of
audiobooks with over 180,000 different
titles in Chelsea Handler has multiple
books on audible.com
so this week I'm listening to Chelsea's
newest book you've got to be kidding me
she's really funny and if you need
something to like lift up your spirits
this is a perfect book for you and if
you use audible.com/tyleroakley handler
lately so I can't recommend her
documentary and her audio book enough so
again make sure to use audible
accomplish Connor read a book
mm-hmm what else there's just so much
stuff at my feet half of which is
garbage gotta bring myself down there
time to take out the trash the last
couple things I want to talk about is I
was recently inducted into the Grammy
Academy weird I know really really weird
they wanted to induct someone into the
Academy in the social space and because
I started my own record label heard well
they thought it was perfect and I feel
just flattered and frankly very honored
and frankly very scared I don't know if
I'm right for you sure I'm okay to be
the one hmm
yeah when I got inducted they gave me
this cute backpack it's at the 58th
annual Grammy and it's just it's red and
cute and I literally just noticed that
there's like stuff inside of it like a
journal and like a water bottle cute
recycled safe plastic use water bottle
and even a hat oh my god more hats look
at me and also speaking of free stuff
Twitter recently sent me a little bag
too has a Twitter bottle more saving the
plastic we're saving the world and like
a cute shirt totes as I heard I like I
bird I bird LA and yeah just a whole
bunch of stuff so that was okay I broke
something all really random I've gone
through a lot of random stuff I asked
that's basically I love rings because I
can just like fiddle with it like this
like just in any situation I used to do
that with a point where's my phone with
my phone I go like this I go I flip it I
flip it who's anyone nervous is anyone
nervous because I'm doing this now I
don't need to freak people out so I can
just twist my ring hi everyone those are
pretty much all the things that I'm into
this month all the things I'm obsessed
with all the things I'm doing using my
struggling for this video oh yeah that's
pretty much all I got for you guys so if
you enjoyed the video please click the
thumbs up makes me know that you guys
actually like enjoyed the video also
leave a comment what else should I be
into like tell me everything that you're
doing and using and wearing this month
this year and I'll try it too but okay
that's actually all I got for you guys
so I hope you have a great week in a
great life and if you enjoy this video a
big thumbs up a couple of clips is time
to move into the doctor bye
