hey what's up you guys I woke up this
morning and it was raining in Los
Angeles
like really unexpectedly I thought I
mean it's only been sunny for the past
like two weeks that I've been here so it
was a nice surprise but also a really
weird surprise because it never really
happens and I don't know what the rain
comes like many emotions especially in
Los Angeles I get really excited and
really happy when it rains whereas I
feel like most people when it rains they
get really sad and kind of like Moody so
because I was really aware of that
spectrum of emotion I really wanted to
make a video revolving around that so
yeah I just kind of made a list of
emotions and I kind of typed what I felt
about those emotions and at what point
in my life I specifically remember like
feeling those emotions at their most
let's go
happiness is obviously something like
we're all striving oh my god look at
like the sun is shining happiness
happiness is something that we are all
constantly striving for in our lives at
a time that I felt the most happy is
probably the last year of my life and I
feel really kind of fortunate and
blessed to say that I don't know I've
just been going through a lot of changes
of a lot of good things have been
happening so yeah quite on the contrary
on the flip side the saddest point in my
life that I can remember is probably
about a year and a half ago this was the
point in my life that I was really
really struggling with my sexuality I
was really struggling with my identity
and who I was
and it was eating me alive I remember
feeling so much sadness and I felt so
alone at that point in my life but look
at me now a couple years later and I'm
saying that this is like the happiest
I've ever been
it's really really crazy but it's really
refreshing to see that things can kind
of change that quickly so if you're at
an emotional low and your life at this
point just know that it can change
really quickly
I don't know why but I feel like I get
asked this question a lot like what's
one specific memory from your childhood
or like when you remember being the most
happy relaxed and I always get really
nostalgic and go back to this general
period of time when I used to go to my
family cabin up north of Minnesota with
my family and I just remember always
being so like at peace and relaxed there
because we would have bonfires and go
swimming and there like wasn't TV or a
lot of like good cell phone service so
yeah it was just pure family time and
activity and just a lot of relaxation
fun fact about me I absolutely hate to
be surprised
I really love my calendar I really love
planning things out and that's probably
not an okay thing I'm really comfortable
knowing like exactly when and where
things are gonna happen
so I don't like to be surprised and I
remember one time when I was younger
that I got a surprise birthday party and
I think a lot of people would really
like to have a surprise birthday party
but for me it was the worst and I
remember almost wanting to cry and I was
so happy which it was over
knock on wood who is it okay I'm lame I
don't get sick and I feel very fortunate
not to get sick and I don't know if it's
because I have found some like special
method to keep myself like healthy I
couldn't say that what just happened and
I got a stroke I don't know if I found
some sort of special method to keep
myself healthy but I don't get sick that
much and if you want a fortune okay we
stop talking about X I'm jinxing myself
ain't angry I mean angry again I feel
very fortunate that I don't really get
that angry nowadays I maybe get like
frustrated is a better word but not
angry but growing up I dealt with like a
lot of more I guess self-acceptance in
shoes probably foreshadowing a few
things that I had to go through later in
life but you know whatever but yeah I
was like very overweight and very
different from my siblings and I think
it frustrated me a lot so I was very
angry graphing a good thing things have
changed I also think I was very jealous
growing up as well and I don't know if
it was because I was envious of like my
siblings okay it was definitely because
I was envious my siblings I don't know I
feel like I always just wanted what
everyone else had grass was always
greener on the other side for me growing
up and I got very jealous again I'm glad
I've changed I get the butterflies
pretty frequently still in particular I
still get so nervous when I have to
speak in front of crowds especially when
I have some sort of script or something
that I have to say I get very nervous
like a month ago I had to like speak at
a family dinner and I still got nervous
it was like people that knew me and
loved me and cared about me but I still
got really nervous to speak in front of
them and then a couple months ago I was
at a YouTube thing and I just speak in
front of a bunch of people and again
very nervous very very very nervous but
I'm trying to work on that and that's
really something I would really love to
get better at this year
the most excited I think I've ever been
is when I moved to Los Angeles like
three years ago everything was so new
and so fresh and I had no expectations
but at the same time like I had all the
expectations I truly felt like anything
was possible and I could be whoever I
wanted to do whatever I wanted and that
was just like such an amazing time in my
life not that I don't feel that way now
but I just remember like feeling it's
show so much at that point this one I
had to think a lot about and I think I
was the most curious after I had come
out of the closet again I just felt like
anything was possible and I felt like I
just had stumbled upon this new world
and it was just like really freeing and
I was so curious about like what was
gonna happen next and that was really
really recent it's only been a couple
years moving back to the last two I
think I've been simultaneously the most
curious and excited and happy and afraid
like the past three years of my life I
think this is part of growing up but I
really do feel like I'm on this like
emotional roller coaster I feel like
every day is different and everything is
constantly changing and that could be
both like fun and exciting but it's
really really scary when you step back
from what you're doing and kind of look
at your life it's really really scary
and I can easily tell you to like don't
do that that's scary don't do that but I
genuinely believe that fear is really
really good moreso being uncomfortable
which is a different type of fear but if
you realize that you're a little bit
uncomfortable constantly I think that's
a good thing because it means you're
trying new things and you're
experiencing new things and new is very
very uncomfortable and very scary
so yeah that's my video for this week a
little bit different regardless I hope
you enjoyed it if you did make sure the
big thumbs up also if you want to answer
the questions I did please leave them in
the comments down below also fun fact
this is the second week in a row that
I'm wearing my own clothing look at it
it's so beautiful look at the colors
just a lot of emotion going on here a
lot of them wow that's something
different I probably I don't know this
is my clothing line common culture and
it's just so great this sweater is
comfortable and I feel very secure in it
also very stylish comical Chuco
seriously if you do want one of these
make sure to have we're calm culture Co
because they are finally shipped just
the other day I finally saw you guys
we're getting your comic culture
products and it just warms my heart so
if you've got one if you're getting one
send me photos please I also saw that
someone made a whole video with one the
other day so please do that okay I've
been blabbing on long enough so I hope
you guys enjoy this video I hope you
have a great week and I'll see you next
week if you did make sure to pick those
up leave a couple of them
