hello hey what's up you guys - Connor
this is already my third cup really
really nervous I realized that I only
have just I have a certain level that I
can hit with caffeine and after about
three cups I get very shaky and then
we'll think that's a good thing I don't
think that's okay so warm and delicious
and it's also common culture brandy
coffee tell you about that later so hey
what's up everyone how are you this week
I wanted to bring back another coffee
chat it's a little bit chilly out my
mind has a lot going on in it I just
felt like that was perfect for one of
these and today's topic is too old too
young very big so let me explain I feel
like we're constantly put in the
position to think I'm too old for
something or I'm too young for something
too old or too young or at least that's
what I've learned observed and been told
like a hundred times so this topic has
come up a lot with me lately like
whether it's with my friends or my
parents or anyone I just feel like we're
talking about age constantly and I'm
only recently becoming aware of how much
we talk about age ah my refrigerators
turned off great better sound quality
one of the last times this topic came up
was because for I repeat four of my
mutual Facebook friends have gotten
engaged in the last 14 days or and
they're all under the age of 23
that scares me for many reasons like you
might as well throw my brain into a
blender because it's just like shakes
things up a bit
I immediately go to this like defense
mode I'm like you're too young for that
you're too young to get married what are
you doing you're throwing away your life
now on the flip side when I talk to my
older friends I frequently hear I'm too
old for that I'm past that point my life
I'm too old I can't do that age age age
age age age age age and that is where
this whole thing sparked why are you too
young for something why are you too old
for something who has the right to tell
you you were too young for something and
who is the right to tell you you are too
old to do something that doesn't make
sense to me that honestly blows my mind
that that's a gonna like a thought in my
head that's so limiting I would like to
believe in our lives especially
this generation who are never too old or
too young to be who you want to be or do
what you want to do or go where you want
to go well I mean with most things like
if you're 12 don't go get like wasted
that's illegal and probably not okay so
don't do that I think you get me I
personally never want to get to the
point my life where I think I've passed
an age that I can do something that's
not a good enough reason and frankly I
don't think it's a good excuse to old I
could never hypothetically if I think
I'm ready to get married at age 32 I am
if I think I'm ready to start over
because nothing is working out and I
just want to do something new at age 50
I am if I think I'm ready to run away to
Las Vegas and live there for the rest of
my life at age 99
I am age should not matter for you it
may matter to everyone else around you
but it should not matter for you there
is no set path for all of humanity to
walk on we're not all going to do the
same things at the same times in the
same way there's no specific time in
your life you must do something or
nothing else is gonna work out it sounds
so far-fetched when you think about it
that way if I don't get married by age
25 because that's what aunt Shelly did
well then I'm alone forever
okay five not true not the facts I don't
know I've just been thinking a lot
lately
now I'm getting shaky yeah okay yeah but
as always for the copy chat videos let
me know what you guys think in the
comments below I want to start a healthy
debate about what you think about age
there's obviously certain things that
you legally cannot do when you're 12 and
things that you probably shouldn't do
when you're 90 but in general I think
you know what I'm getting at leave a
bunch of comments respond to a bunch of
comments be nice start a healthy debate
shall we also be s I am wearing my comic
culture sweater because it as hell and
it looks just great I mean look at that
brand a look at that branding that
branding this is like I'm famous though
you can get this at common culture Co
along with a lot of other products
they're great they're in they're almost
gone you better hurry up but yeah other
than that I think that's pretty much all
I got for you guys oh we're having a
great day a great week a great life um
I'll see you guys next week if you
enjoyed this video make sure big thumbs
up leave a couple okay bye
let's walk my feet
can we just take a moment to look at how
great my apartment looks I mean okay and
I have fresh fruits and vegetables are
avocados vegetables I they have a pit
but they have fruit are you a fruit
