time to get sorting it
we'll go for it hey what's up you guys
I'm finally back home what a relief it
feels so good to be home no matter how
many times I go away it always feels so
good to come back home it's just
comfortable and familiar and I just love
it and to be honest I'm so surprised how
like calm I feel and it sound right now
because I just went through an
incredibly stressful ordeal that I'll
tell you about in a second but first of
all I just want to say hey hi how are
you guys doing this week I want to make
a video with you guys and I didn't
really want to make a Q&A so I decided
to do an advice video so I had you guys
tweeting some things you needed advice
on and I'm going to give you to you or
at least do my best I'm not a
professional I pretend to be I play one
on TV
yeah let me quickly tell you a very very
brief story basically my car got towed
today and it was absolutely horrible my
tags on it were expired or something and
for some reason they had to tow it I
don't get why they couldn't just give me
a ticket and that I could fix it but
they had to tow it then I had to go to
the DMV to get new tickets and then I
had to go to pick up my car but that
turned out how to go get something like
approved and then come back and pick up
my car and three hours later and
hundreds of dollars later I'm here in
front of you
very unexpected very stressful but I'm
gonna make it out okay my head looks
like a mop I'm a little bit stressed I
have a haircut after this video there's
food in the refrigerator life is okay
this will pass okay but enough of that
let's start the video how do you deal
with politically incorrect people
without going crazy on them hashtag
covers advice this can be really really
hard sometimes I like most people have
been in situations where you just hear
someone saying something very
incorrectly and half the time I don't
even think they know they're saying
something that's offensive so the best
way you can deal with people who are
saying something that can be taken as
offensive whether it's like a racial
slur or something they're saying
incorrectly about gender just anything
the best way to handle it is to nicely
correct them even if it almost seems
like you're singling that person out in
that moment just correct them nicely
they'll learn from it and then move on
hashtag Connors advice how do I push the
negative thoughts away and become more
positive I said that very like happily
and I also like I think my voice cracked
okay how I handle negative thoughts is I
try and think
of thought so if something is going
wrong or if something in your mind is
negative try and think of all the things
that are positive or happy or try and
think of something that will be positive
or will make you happy so if you're
having a downed eggs or something didn't
go right go drink your favorite tea go
for a walk in the park go see a movie do
something that will get your mind away
from that bad place and bring it to a
better one Sarah wants to know people on
my school found out about my YouTube
channel and are telling others I don't
know what to do like how do I deal with
it hashtag Connors advice I think this
happens for anyone who ever puts
anything online someone always finds it
for my YouTube videos I was lucky that
what people found it my siblings found
it first and then my friends found a
second everyone was really nice about it
they may have not necessarily understood
it but no one like tease me or bullied
me about it but if I was put in a
situation where someone wasn't nice
about it I would just counteract it by
being nice if someone is mean to you
about something that you love doing but
will absolutely kill that person and
stop them from being mean is if you
don't respond your videos are dumb
thanks I know if you take the
satisfaction away from that person they
really have nothing also just be proud
if you enjoy making videos then tell
people yeah I do and I love it hashtag
Connors advice what should I do if I
want to wear men's clothing but my mom
tells me I have to wear girls clothing
because gender roles clothing has no
gender people can put a label on
clothing but the end of the day anyone
can wear it
it's just clothing so do anyone who
wants to start wearing a stereotypically
different genders clothing I say just do
it just do it and own it if you like it
wear it what's the best way to stick to
your goals for the new year
hashtag Connors advice the best way to
stick to your goal is to first write it
down maybe put it somewhere on your
phone or in your room that you can
always see it maybe even your phone
background that could be a good thing
and every day just constantly remind
yourself that that is something you want
to work on or that's something that you
want to accomplish this year and the
more you become conscious of it the more
just start doing it or trying to achieve
it without even really realizing it good
luck
hashtag Connors advice how do I deal
with jet lag currently something I'm
doing with myself what I try and do is
that I try and immediately get into the
sleeping pattern of the time zone that
I'm in so when I flew into LA yesterday
I landed
6 a.m. but I really really want to go to
bed like immediately but I knew if I
fell asleep then I had no idea when I
was going to wake up so I'm like ok I
just have to do it I have to stay up all
day but I did it I stayed up like all
day until like 9 p.m. and then I fell
asleep and I woke up this morning at 8
a.m. and now I feel pretty great so it
works I hope we'll see tomorrow thinking
of jet lag while I was on my plane the
other day I watched this really really
great documentary I watch this
documentary called he named her Malala
Malala grows up in a country where it's
not okay for women to read or learn and
she spoke up about that and she ended up
getting shot in the face fighting for
that right so now she's become this huge
political activist and she's just great
I thought documentary was amazing and
that's why I really really want to start
listening to her audiobook as you guys
know every single month I work with
audible audible is the leading provider
of audiobooks with over 100 8004 titles
if so many different books that you can
listen to and I love love love their
service so this month I want to
recommend you malala's book I am Malala
I have not listened to her book yet but
after watching her documentary I fell in
love with her and I really really want
to hear story so yeah you can use my
link that is audible.com slash Connor if
you sign up you get a free 30-day trial
then you can download malala's book
again that is audible.com slash Connor
read a book hashtag Connors advice
eating healthier that was like straight
to the point not a question just eating
healthier as you guys know I hate sugar
I think sugar is the devil I've watched
too many documentaries about sugar and I
now hate it so to eat healthier just
know what isn't healthy
I recommend the documentary fed up or
that sugar film they really taught me
that sugar isn't so many my products I
normally consume and I didn't quite
realize how much of it was in those
product so it kind of completely changed
my perspective on what I should buy when
I go to the grocery store and in general
for eating healthier just be very very
in control of what food is around you if
your parents buy your food try and tell
them not to buy certain snacks if you
buy your own food just try and buy
really healthy food also make sure to
eat in general and not under eat under
eating is unhealthy so you got to make
sure you have a balanced diet
hashtag Connors advice dealing with
homophobic parents this is very similar
to one of the first questions I answer
the best way you can deal with someone
that's homophobic in general is to
educate them I think it can be quite
awkward to bring up topics like that
with your parents so try and do it in a
subtle way maybe tell them about a
documentary you watched or tell them
about something
you're researching online be like hey
mom I was watching a documentary about
transgender people and I found out this
or I was researching online about gay
people and I found this and just try and
bring it up in a conversation and try
and educate your parents and be as nice
as possible because again maybe they
don't even know they're being
necessarily homophobic to just try to be
nice and try to educate them for anyone
hashtag hunters advice how do I feel
comfortable doing things on my own
because I hate doing things alone
I need help this one's a tough one I
really hate doing things alone too I
really really like other people and I
like enjoying my time with other people
so if you don't like being alone try and
invite other people to do things with
you make you friends bring your family
members your neighbor really anybody
just try and do things with people but
also remember that if you like being
alone it's okay to be alone if being
alone makes you happy and you know
that's the place that you truly thrive
that's totally fine it's okay to be
alone more than be with people if that's
what makes you happy I go through phases
where I like to be alone and I'll select
good people and I just have to remind
myself that being alone is it weird it's
totally normal to like to be alone well
that's pretty much it I think I blabbed
down long enough and I hope I gave you
guys some pretty good advice if you guys
enjoyed my advice and you want to see
more videos like this make sure to a big
thumbs up your thumb let me know if you
like these videos also if you need more
advice leave it in the comments down
below I will do my best to try and
answer some of them and help you guys
out also also quick little side note I
got this in the mail the other day and
I'm freaking out probably I don't know I
launched my website called comic culture
Co and this is one of the products on it
it's the beanie it's got the stitching
and it's great and I love it and I have
more of the products coming like
tomorrow in the next day so they should
be shipping like any minute this first
batch took a lot longer to make because
we've just got the website up so we had
to like get all the orders in to see how
much people were going to order of each
product so in general for future
products that are coming out with comic
culture the shipping and delivery time
will be a lot quicker but yeah I'm
getting products now and I'm so excited
so if you want any of my comic culture
products make sure to go check out my
website I'm updating it constantly and
ever-lovin and my camera just died so
this is a perfect time to go OK again I
hope you guys enjoyed this week's video
and I'll see you next week if you didn't
mention big thumbs up link over will
take some time bye
