every 365 days were given a fresh start
a new beginning with no looking back a
time to rearrange all the pieces in our
heart now naturally I want to take this
opportunity and run will I finally do
that thing I've always wanted to can I
go there once twice maybe with you hmm
how about I try something new sounds
scary don't think just do okay let's
make a list I say to myself I must
insist this all be planned out make more
eat better take a tour be less of a
fretter write it down record it all
leave town give them a call a change of
look a different art learn to cook time
to restart use your ears speak your mind
no more fears passions to find work hard
come on breathe drop your guard
discover more me some simple tasks to
make for myself a few goals to give me
some help the potential is great the
options are endless there's no time for
fate it's up to me to be my best new
year new me
