is this thing on is it recording what
are we word setting what a surprise
video hey what's up you guys today
Connor Franta is brought to you rom and
airport
whispering long story short my flight
got change and I didn't expect that I
started getting in a really bad mood
because I was like okay now I'm gonna
miss this and this is gonna go wrong and
this can't happen now because I'm a
planner I planned things I like things
that go according to schedule and I like
to know exactly what I'm doing and in
the morning when I wake up I like to
know my day ahead of time so when things
like this happen I go a little bit crazy
and I you know it just it really gets to
me and that's just the type of person I
am and one of those things that I had
planned was that I was going to film a
video tomorrow but now I can't because I
don't get in until tomorrow so I won't
have enough time but you know what this
is a perfect time to film video about
that exact topic change there is only so
much in your life that is in your actual
control you can think as a human that
you have complete control over
everything but you don't things happen
 happens and you cannot do anything
about it so there's no use in stressing
about it I honestly I could be angry
right now I could be throwing a fit I
could get upset but reality is there's
no point in that because there's nothing
to do also this is such a little thing
that really doesn't matter like yes I'm
missing a couple things tomorrow and yes
I can't film tomorrow but in the grand
scheme of things does that really matter
no it really doesn't
it's good to chase that message that we
just got was that the airport is now
ordering everyone pizza because the
flights got messed up and expect that to
happen that's pretty good back to what I
was saying for me change is honestly one
of my biggest fears I like to plan
things I like to know what's going to
happen and I'm really trying to learn as
a person to change that about myself
because I can't go through life
expecting to know exactly what's going
to happen to me that's the beautiful
part of life the beautiful part is that
you don't know what's going to happen
you don't
gonna happen tomorrow you don't know
what's going to happen today you know
what's going to happen ten years from
now we're all on this really unknown
adventure through life we should be
embracing the fact that we don't know
where we're going or what we're doing
should be welcoming the fact that who
knows what the future holds for us who
knows what we're gonna end up what we're
gonna do it should be like a surprise it
should be exciting which it beats scary
and this whole little situation just
honestly got me thinking about that and
how much I am afraid of change but you
know in life we can set ourselves up for
the best possible outcome we can try our
best and do our best and we can hope for
the best
but ultimately it's all up to fate all
that is completely up to chance and
should not be a constant worry but for
me it definitely is it's definitely
something I need to work on so yeah
that's currently what's going through my
brain at the moment life happens and
there's really nothing you can do about
it what I've learned that is best is to
accept what comes your way with open
arms and just move forward okay
I think that's all I got for you guys I
hope you guys are all doing well and I
hope you are well but I should probably
go check back their security and get on
this flight if you enjoyed this video
make sure if it does something a couple
of Krister bye
