hey what's up you guys so today I have a
little bit of a different video for you
guys I had a really strange experience
with an uber driver the other day and I
just kind of wanted to sit down and tell
you guys the story if you follow me on
Twitter which you should go do it
I already briefly tweeted about this
experience and everyone found it really
funny and interesting and had a lot of
questions so I thought I would just
elaborate in a video if you know me at
all I all they have a lot of weird
uber driver experiences I feel like
every single day I'm tweeting about some
weird dad picking me up in his car of
that sounds rock I feel like I'm
tweeting about these experiences that I
have with generally older men that
happen to be very weird in uber cars
doing weird dad things at this time I
had a weird experience with a lady it's
long story short I just flown in from
New York and landed in Los Angeles I got
back to my apartment and I had somewhere
I had to be like immediately as I got
back and I didn't want to figure out
parking when I got there so I just
quickly ordered an uber it was supposed
to be like a five minute uber ride and
so much happened
I ordered the uber I get in the car and
it is this woman she was 62 years old
and I know that because she told me she
had very bright orange hair was in a
bright blue PT Cruiser so I could
already tell that like it was gonna be a
very fun experience and it was just that
it was really really fun she was really
bubbly and talkative and southern she's
like wow this is a nice neighborhood you
live inside a southern accent that's
pretty close I was like yeah it's really
nice I love it she was like a young boy
like you must live with his parents or
something thanks lady thanks for
pointing out the fact that I look 12 I
was like no I actually live an apartment
that I rant I'm actually 23 years old
she was like oh my god I didn't see that
comment but I do see a lot of things
legitimately that is what she said I was
like Oh what do you mean by that well
I'm not psychic or anything but I'm a
seer I'm like okay a seer what does that
mean I see things I see things in people
it's a gift I've been given from God and
it just happens I can't stop why because
it just took me aback like I had it was
just something I didn't expect to happen
on this uber drive so I was really
interested I was like okay uh what do
you see about me and then for the rest
of the ride she just went on this whole
ordeal about like who I was and
like what I do as like this was her
trying to figure that out just by
looking at me and she's like hmm what do
I see I see that you're a good reader of
people you're good judgment of character
you can read people you know their
emotions and you know what kind of
people they are within minutes of
meeting them and I was like yeah bitch
true
I'll see right through people I see
right through them just like you and
then she went on was like you make
movies or something like that my vision
isn't clear that just turned into a me
accent but then she just kept going on
about how I create things like movies
but they're not necessarily movies and
I'm like bitch you're right I make
youtube videos and I was like so into
this because she was very spot-on I mean
she was a little bit vague let's be real
but like she was very spot-on so I was
having a lot of fun she continued
telling me who I was I see you've had a
really good year this year you had a lot
of good projects coming your way I'm
seeing something like three of them
again this bitch is vague but I'll take
it I was like yeah a lot of good shit
has happened to me this year thank you
then she went on more about like how I
was a good person and stuff and I'm like
stop stop
tell me more and this is where things
took a turn we were very close to the
end of the ride and she says this by the
way do you live alone and I just said
yeah I live alone she's like hmm we'll
have the homosexuals gotten to you yet
it's excuse me have the homosexuals
found you and started getting you into
their ways what what I'm a Christian
woman so I'm just looking out for you
okay everything took a complete turn I
was so sad and taken aback again this
sweet older woman was so like fun and so
bubbly and then all of a sudden she
gotta go and be all homophobic we are
literally in West Hollywood it's like
the gay capital of the world and she's
got to be a homophobe I was so annoyed
that I just pretty much like went silent
and I was so happy that we were
basically at her destination and she
just continued on cackling in her
southern accent the rest of the way I
felt betrayed I even took down this
lady's number because I was gonna call
her later to have a read more shit about
me because I enjoyed it so much what I
enjoyed the compliments let it die yeah
then we basically pulled up I got up
and I left that bitch behind in just a
horrible memory and of course I tweeted
about her not going to tweet her number
because I'm a good person unlike that
crusty old homophobic bitch so yeah
that's my story moral of the story don't
judge a person based upon a five minute
uber ride I thought she was great for
four minutes I thought she was awesome
then the last minute came around and she
turned out to be evil and that's my
story okay so every has enjoyed this
video if you did and you liked my story
make sure the big thumbs up you already
do more story time videos if anything
happens cuz I forget that things need to
happen for it to be a story about video
then also give it a thumbs up and leave
a comment all that stuff also while
you're at it if you want to be updated
in all my stories in real time make sure
to follow me on Twitter very great
that's pretty much all I got for you
guys if you like the video make sure to
pick them self loop combo click sir
