Oh was there even closer
hey guys happy Easter first of all it's
night while we're at city wok right now
we're actually going to the movie
theater oh my gosh I know me for Easter
are going to greatest showmen sing-along
like I didn't think you understand I am
so excited right now
table 2 we're not only going to the
movie theater today we also did a couple
of other things we met some fans day
which is really cool we also do it to
the candy store which is really cool I
did walk in the candy store a little bit
so check that out hi what's your name
the mana you got a Jojo pal I love it it
looks really cute you did a good job
buddy
so we're in the candy store right now
we're gonna get some candy for the movie
theater and I embarrass it I feel like
there's someone who just recognized and
I was like all right I don't know what I
want there's so many choices like this
place is literally huge
ah yep
oh yeah hey guys get away to every
single sooner those other listen I love
it out good day guys good idea that
anyways first of all happy here's to you
guys I hope you're having an amazing day
dang in a while right now we're at the
movie theater and you're not going to do
the greatest show around again for the
sixth time I want to say he's gonna be
so full of it all happy Bob are you
excited
dad you're excited he's already eating
popcorn are you excited are you excited
yes I am so excited okay let's go to the
theater get a little drink yeah when you
get to the theater before the previews
start
it's embarrassing
I've ever done tell me do you wanna die
if but it feels like they can say they
can say it all sounds crazy sometimes
you can shave away his face a dead man
walking
think about your only option but you can
flip the fiction right now your dog is
safe no one can say what we get to be so
why don't we read the Stars maybe the
work
No
from now
and the Sun
but your name anywhere so do I like that
one to go on Thank You Otto burn your
hands down we're into that I was living
my best life is so bottom so happy gonna
hi what's your name
Josie wait look at lose you about you
got a jumbo in I love it yeah the best
name there is you can't understand you
own another I fight like it's just not a
thing already just why I'm excited
Sam I rely on you you got your Barbie
doll
so you know already but basically what
happens is this week is six million
subscribers I'm a fan YouTube channel
and I've got a look that on the video
that I posted today so check that out
days ago I think you can't even believe
it I was not letting are making this bar
probably like right about like another
week or so
well I guess technically you're already
doing about this because the title of
this video but but we are due million
subscribers right on this channel are
you excited
alright cool so check this out look at
business my jello right now we're at 1
million nine hundred ninety nine
thousand eight hundred and ninety days
of skyress like what a hundred and six
away oh I got five hundred six
buh-buh-buh-buh 106 I actually don't
even know how this is possible
like literally two million subscribers
in less than in you're like my mind is
just bored right now long as you act
very hard I didn't take this titles it
off it is tear it tear it up and the
struggle getting this thing off that who
is it who is it matter
99 or 80 subscribers away 80 subscribers
bump do you really like how oh boy oh my
gosh my heart is racing so fast right
now I'm so happy they look like annually
right now I'm in up I'm it up it's
getting long
Oh was there even close were you guys
all I wanna do right now
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh we didn't you guys I get
you right now this is unbelievable so
amazing thank you guys so much 2 million
subscribers didn't even right now thank
you guys so much as a seriously this is
so close so awesome I mean 2 million and
6 million in the same week like what but
seriously you guys I just I love you
guys so much thank you so much for
subscribing liking and commenting and
doing all things as oh crazy right now
but like 2 million in less than a year
like that's how I feel um I think you
guys so much for watching subscribing
coming back here every single day
I wouldn't know who's all been here
since the beginning of the vlogs comment
down below if you've been here since the
very beginning day one or if you've
watched all like maybe not like sense
they won because I could warm down ago
like maybe people like watched
everything I want oh wow that's really
fun to look at but days like I just
thank you so much is this truly so
amazing I mean these million 2 million
in the same week like wow I love you all
thank you so much for subscribing liking
commenting all the things you guys like
Cheerilee the best but now I'm rounding
it out for the night I just like me like
oh my gosh I can't hear nothing yes so
much and I will see you guys tomorrow
peace out bye
