you're buying a Jojo doll you jojomo I
like those glasses and I like your bow
literally get outta there very very
excited oh my gosh
guys wallet right now what are you
missing
I don't know but I've gotta tell you not
a bit like I'm very proud of my outfit
today I got my Jojo March
check that out funbags this hoodie is
the only adult children watch that I
know of that is out right now so woohoo
I honestly don't know how you can find
it but it is on Amazon so you and I go
do that
I open the link down in description if
you want to check that out my friend
let's go have a great day today huh it's
6 o'clock right now so uh the days kind
of already half over but that's ok
oh boy ok let's get going
dad where'd we come doughnut shop brad
is like you little doughnuts out Obama
brother getting their nails done surya
does I J my brother would getting a
buildup or about to see a robbery gate a
little doughnut job and lighten up good
these things look like that what's
amazing I by the way hi again little E's
Logan I have literally been running on
Gatorade for like three days straight
that's literally how I am still up and
alive right now
and now I'll jump over because hey why
not three all right now is because the
dancers got so excited over the Jojo
merch today
that's right now if I
all of them on your dogs and then they
can all have a dog as we weren't
planning on this and like the thing is
is what by baylor baylor highs of course
we're getting the dogs right now it's
because the dancers they were really
excited we don't have any extras at home
right now so we gotta get nude also do
this
Jojo March where are you out where you
guys there you are mom they don't have
money mom they got the knockoff they got
the knockoff chip and all of the rainbow
fetch I'm a child yet this is still my
favorite toy check out these things in
video right now my main channel with
Miranda things you guys should go check
it out absolutely so my video I'm ready
to sing this action hilarious you guys
are not ready for it she got so mad at
me I still don't understand why she got
so mad at me but she got so mad at me so
that videos right now I'll link it down
this goes we go check it out right now
or is it kind of a running joke about
the dodo birds is that you can't find it
and you don't know what you're looking
for it all y'all say hi I think she
knows who I am but I don't really know
this awkward right now what the thing
that's really funny is that we never
know what Georgia what you're looking
for but look at this I got ma do you
think they got judge on flip-flops in
she goes maybe and I found these I'm
gonna go tell her these are judge of
live long how am ia liar look at the
literally I'm Georgia flip flops okay
they're not rated well they're Georgia
flip flops down yeah I don't know who
wears a size 11 oh you do there yeah
get ass beating around the corner but
Walmart doesn't have your doll where do
you go to get you know it'll come to
Target oh you haven't read Duggar right
now i I can't even this I can feel is
going to be the best trip to target ever
mom did you find what you're looking for
oh no there's no George I that I
genuinely was like wait well boys I
click it hi all right oh my god I love
it
she's getting a Jojo doll wait wait wait
no wait
fun I'll be right back this kid doesn't
get it hey kid kid yeah hi she let me
see your doll you're buying a Jojo doll
I like it wait hi you Jojo bow I like it
what's your name
Angelina look at you out of Georgia bow
and that kid how's George at all that
she's getting I like it and this kid has
Jojo psych classes
hi I like your glass oh and your job oh
wait wait where'd you get those I like
those glasses and I like your photos and
your you do oh hi you want to come join
the fun literally I come to target I see
working with a jojoba one kid with my
doll running down the aisle and another
giving my sunglasses on nonsense I ever
Oh
and anyway he's got bows okay I like it
oh my gosh I get you right down push I
can't right now
I can't wait what's your name this is
nice to meet you as in your George of
our tools yeah okay I literally get out
here right now literally this is Holly's
having one tumor the jojomo another kid
with my dog running down the aisle
another kid with my glasses running down
as I in like five rows in their cart and
now another little well I love it oh my
god I was amazing I literally just let's
load in you who would Joe George I can't
hear that was like the most insane thing
I've ever seen in my life literally just
like boom boom boom
always a screaming kid in target always
let me do it just point out that I was
outside and I saw another kid over the
terms of it guys what Oh what no no you
go over there my mom is on a mission for
my daddy but I was just too excited
about these people with Jojo it's like
hey you again what are you buying
wait you're getting a Jojo microphone to
go with that awesome Jojo bo are you
gonna sing boomerang with that
microphone yeah definitely on you again
I that was a very successful trip to
target
oh you haven't got our dolls we're
muscle soon is great you took your
alright eh oh you think you already know
sir yes you did yes you did
let's make sure let's make your heart
not gonna lie I was not planning on her
arm being on for sure but hey it's okay
Bobo that's a good nigger little dog
yeah jeez you're giddy edges there get
it I never know oh my gosh my dog is
literally here to thing ever you like
seriously just look at the little finish
is what was you it yes yes thank you for
the puppy goodness take it above his
Moscow friends I am now home and I
actually have to go edit right now
because the video that you guys saw
today on my main gentleman Miranda sings
yeah uh chill has been edited yeah and
yes it is 1 a.m. right now hey okay you
know then we give the kids choice arises
it's late nights early mornings we're
working hard boys damn one getting it Oh
was literally my life right now and then
like I'm gonna edit this video really
fast I can tell I'm like a thirty minute
george'll time to wake up ha you gotta
edit still you gotta wake up go at it
that's enough alright yeah but I got too
many ways okay I would go edit Emma
Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe there's all
gonna steal Bobo no no I do love editing
John Miranda videos like they're so fun
and if you guys I'm just dying laughing
the whole time spaces like there because
our bloopers are legs like there's so
many bloopers I I didn't even find the
blooper reel because they're just like
too much for youtube if you have not
already go check it out of a bitch other
right now
done yes but was guess I guess I guess I
guess I guess I Oh what did you do how
if that dude seconds did you get your
whole outfit off wait how did you how
did you manage to get your legs in the
harmful oh I care with you I did press
I'm actually gonna be bobbing up for the
day because I am sleepy and I just got
done editing and I am going to go to bed
and go play with my dog for a little bit
so that's never have a Monday think he's
overcharging this long and I will what I
was
mom what are you going through right now
why you so mad it was such a problem so
many people who are looking for Jojo
much I couldn't find every Grizzles oh
my gosh I can't
