what I have to deal with on a daily
basis at Kellyanne wine right now
they're pulling us into this little
green room area um but we're about to go
on in like ten minutes I'm sorry I'm
super excited
are you guys well we're currently we're
backstage right now hi friends oh boy
we're backstage that's right we're about
to go on they're making me up behind me
and I'm about to go on about to perform
into an interview but I'm gonna insert
like the actual professional clip in
here so check that out okay how do you
find how does a little girl from
Nebraska find herself a big star in LA
you know it's actually it's funny it's I
mean taking me says I was two years old
I've been doing this for your whole life
a million years well it's unbelievable
my journey I mean I started off on a
first TV show Abby's ultimate dance
competition that we've gone to Dance
Moms
and then from there I did YouTube and
then from there now I'm signed with
Nickelodeon I have a new show coming out
lip sync battle shorties premiering in
January
I knew you guys when we just actually
finished up on Kelly Kelly and Ryan
Kelly and Madison like I would say we
just finished up on Kelly and Ryan as
you can tell I'm change just my little
outfit I'm going over to do something
for what's called music choice I'll
explain what it is later once I'm there
but this is my little Elvis it's cute I
got a little green shoes pink jeans
cupcake donut and a little little collar
thing and a little braids in the little
bow hi honey I love you all right you
guys know currently we're at music
choice eyes but then these are walls of
just all of these signatures and it's
crazy but I put my and like look at
right there boom that is a cute little
signature on the way all right now so I
will see you in the car at the hotel I'm
hang on exchange I look this pokey part
in my head that rode by because I have
some zip ties and I'm gonna take it out
I'm gonna get all calm down I'll be a
reindeer probably next time you see me
so yeah I lied I'm not in a way Devon
damn back my Santa ones and put the
reindeer one on an itch
it just wasn't doing it for me I just
wasn't in the mood to propose I don't on
but now I'm really hot okay anyways no
we're at the airport currently we were
at where we at malls okay I had a little
bribery but I'm glad this big replace
and they and their protection attorney
again but we literally have gotten so
much we work so long we have any all
there we ordered like to play and it
came and it just it wasn't doing it you
know and look at my back literally this
is my bag right now I got three
Lunchables to Siri holes I'm about to
have a sandwich thank you um there you
go you can just hang out in there but
yeah that's literally my trick-or-treat
bag right now
that's fun it's gonna be a great night
with all my food alright you guys we
just got on our plane I'm currently in
the bathroom and there's one of those
big bathrooms again rich
you anyways I thought I would just let
you know what the situation is is we
just got on I'm about to go to my seat
element then I'm gonna sit down I'm
gonna eat I'm starving literally donate
anything today
um and then I gotta edit one more
interview one more in all it is blooper
reel and everyone is in because from
good my scene now so baby I got it my
seat belt on okay okay
anyway so like I was saying we got on
our flight and now I'm chillin not in
the math in my Santa one's igloo in the
head there we go now I look better okay
I can't see a thing Bella but I actually
this is a quite new favorite thing to
fly it I literally I love so much um you
know I don't really know if I would
appreciate it that much but it's fun
that I like to find a wannabe I mean in
that Kelly and Ryan clip from earlier
today didn't put voice sound like so
deep the dog was like the weirdest thing
to me like it came out before about to
take off I just want to be home
I've literally been saying essentially
took off yesterday to come here that I
just want to be home I just I miss my
dog oh I want my bed like I just want to
sleep in my own bed I just want to
shower my own like I just wanna like
have my own house and I have that but
it's just in California and I'm in New
York and I have six and a half hours
until I'm there it's kind of rant but
it's kind of fun it was a quick trip
though we literally we literally but
have we been here 24 hours
anyways I'm about to shut you off and
I'm about to go to sleep because I'm
very tired but don't my hi I just
visited rihanna's I don't want eyelashes
look so long okay and I'm looking like
kind of above you because that's her
like the viewfinder is Ivo confused but
they look so lax because it takes you
places but how much I am so happy to be
leaving yet oh we just landed I am
literally so excited to go home
good to see Bobo I don't even think you
know how excited I am to see Bobo I'm
sure he told me your dick stole my watch
see I like you onesie stole my onesie
it's fine we don't need to worry about
it we're literally wearing the same one
z7 hi I have never seen anyone else
where I want a on a flight I just I feel
so cool no one's ever done this I just I
feel great I miss you I miss you dog Oh
what are you doing okay I think you
where you going
she ditched me man I love my dog
me and focus I'm ready to thank
durnais I went to pee are you guys I'm
actually in my room right now my dog is
being too cute right now and I just
can't say no to her look at this I got
my really cool YouTube socks on and
she's trying to get them off and it's
the most annoying thing ever because she
bites my toes and it hurts so bad but I
just I can't say no I haven't seen
like a day so I just missed it I just I
love it so much
but anyways you guys let's wrap on today
I hope you loved my boomerang
performance I just had a fun day of
traveling and being on Kelly and Ryan
and going to music choice today um it
was great I know you guys know that's a
wrap up on today Olivia it's so much um
please don't worry I forgot to tell you
guys something
so I created a Jojo and Miranda playlist
over on my main channel so in there I
will link it down in the description in
there you will find every Jojo in
Miranda video that we have ever done the
ones including the ones on her channel
um but you guys you should go check that
playlist out it's literally the funniest
playlist on YouTube like literally the
funniest lettuce on YouTube hope you
guys should definitely go check out that
playlist you do not want to miss out on
it the link is down in the description I
love you guys so much so and that's a
wrap on today and Bobo you want to
finish it out and peace out bye bye guys
bye guys bye guys bye guys what what why
you mad at me what
Bobo I know I understand you want to go
downstairs and eat more pizza but your
pizza's done for the night okay we got
to go to bed okay I get I get said you
don't wanna go to bed
it's been a luck welcome to New York
