fundraiser thing for that man like an
auction and so basically I should not
like we're doing the first cart there's
no no clue what she's even in California
I'm time to here go can so we're just so
terrible about to surprise had no idea
literally he has no idea some excitement
okay Sonny just left and I think I think
I know what she's doing here are you
excited
did you know that this is happening
so I guess what's happening today I'm
gonna teach you to dance and whenever
I'm just gonna hang out and have fun I
mean that to my gosh did you do this
from my coloring book oh I love it
that's the best one I've ever seen and
she alone weighs over $15,000 and we're
right with the money's going right out
especially we can get it's not been an
easy road it was a shock of my life you
have people that love you people don't
care about you and a lot of times it's
people I don't even know he's gonna be
on my YouTube
Frankie I'm Batman you're excited
oh yeah okay okay it's okay to be as bad
what happened it can be a little bit of
wool hi Tanya it's Joe Joe and T and we
just wanted to send you a little video
message saying how much that we love you
and I just want you to tell I just want
to tell you to keep following your
dreams and believing in yourself because
that is what's most important right now
right all right love you bye
oh my gosh did you draw this
wow that is amazing honestly don't try
to do there's one few things all
boomerang
three hours later hi friend
so basically the situation is right now
it is a voice listen to it it's a little
little raspy really normal
um but literally what's happening right
now is I'm going to sit down and talk to
you for a second Bobo's come here Oh
Gail Gail Gail Oh follow yours oh yeah
you're so cute but which is the best um
so if you don't know this I am actually
going to be on InFocus yes I am I am
going to be on Kelly and Ryan this
Tuesday um and so tomorrow actually
today for you but tomorrow for me I I
leave and I'm going to New York and I
have to pack and then I just got home
from doing the dance against cancer
stuff which I am so happy and so
grateful that I had the opportunity to
do that opportunity to do board yeah I
just got home and I have to pack a
couple more random videos I look like -
laughs I just love editing those and
they're just they're so funny I'm so
that's like not even like anything that
I had to do is just stuff that I want to
do and I have to clean my room because I
literally I get home and then the day
that I get home I had to go to sleep
like we land at night hi thank you
pitching right right in front of me
first are we get home and then we have
one day and then literally we have 12
people staying at our house and someone
is staying in my room and my brother's
room um and so I have to like clean it
and make it look nice and also - I have
to get bedding because I want to switch
out my bedding because the bedding
that's on my bed is like a custom
bedding and they only made one size
because obviously extra bedding does not
come in a California king size I think
the big is that it comes as a twin so I
got a lot of how to do tonight but it
should be a fun night um yeah let's get
this night going look at this a little
munchkin ah oh okay you're gone high
high five go by five oh okay hello
watching this camera going to focus
makes me so happy like it's just it's so
satisfying on anything you know my phone
up yours my phone downstairs only which
are here I got it so see how nice and
need my clothes oh well oh I had to put
all that clothes away and it's gonna be
put away in three two well done doesn't
that look much better it literally it
took me to be like 10-15 minutes but
that's also too because I was having a
hit
a jam session the whole time so that
works really what are you what are you
doing
oh you're biting my fingers now can we
get down from here can we please get
down okay you want to play with your
little property nothing go get it
oh okay she totally did not feel like
getting that hi friends um we need to
talk about something so I noticed on my
main channel um I hit five million
subscribers as we all know I was so
close to 5.1 million
huge accomplishment and all of a sudden
I look today and I meant like 4.9 hello
out of that happen um I lost 112 112
thousand subscribers um and this has
happened before to other youtubers and
basically it's not I just I was wrong
clear this up cuz a lot of people are
like oh you're those people people are
on full when you're cool anymore but
that's that's not the case at all I know
nothing that I am cool I'm just kidding
I'm kidding
um but the situation on why that
happened is there's a few reasons and I
haven't they're not yeah um you know
it's a glitch be a you tube went through
and like erased a lot of old or inactive
or just blank accounts um and see I
don't I forgot what the third honestly I
mean I lost the subscribers but I don't
think that's possible when I gained I
mean I know I gained nine thousand
subscribers yesterday I literally looked
on my youtube analytics and it said that
I gained nine thousand but at the same
time I lost 112 so I don't know it's
it's weird but um when I gained I mean
yeah this past I'm looking at my
analytics right now I've gained this is
sense
last week on mine on Sunday I've gained
nine thousand five thousand six thousand
five thousand six thousand six thousand
negative 128 like there's just there's
no way that's how it works
um so it happened to pudy pie I know
that I've googled like I lost 100,000
subscribers in one day and then I
figured out what happened to all these
people um so I think definitely I'll get
them back but I'm good news is we're
about to hit 500 subscribers so if
you're watching this um you know go
subscribe over there because the faster
you can get that back the happier I'll
be um but it's not about the subscribers
for me it's just about making
family-friendly content for you guys
that you love and you know your diff you
don't subscribe as long as you're still
watching my videos and not you're just
enjoying and that you're just having fun
I mean
like it's YouTube's a thing for me to
just make people happy and I can do it I
want to do and if I want to have
cupcakes on my walls I can have cupcakes
on my walls and it's just really about
me being able to do me so that's like
why I love YouTube so so much um my name
is I just I should clear it up just
because like it looks confusing but it's
really just kind of like I don't know
it's like it's like a glitch or
something weird so yeah that's fun how
to clear that up um anyways what's going
on right now is I actually just filmed a
video for the future future I filmed a
video for her like in end of 2018 and I
was trying to do a recount of 2017 and
it was so difficult I was trying to like
say goals for 2018 and say like the good
things happened and try 17 bad things
that happened in 2017 and I could not
come up with much I wanted to come up
with like 50 things but I honestly think
I'm gonna have to write some down
because I just feel like I missed so
much like just there's so much that I
didn't 27:17 like I can only remember
back to October and there is before that
April May June July August September and
then January February March like there's
there's so much before that and after
that too so you know I got I got a like
know all the things I'm saying so
literally just been on I'm not gonna
pack and tomorrow is actually gonna be
really fun because I'll be making a fool
of myself at the airport but hey it's
fun when do I not do that that's my life
you know what my favorite thing is is
when people look at me they have no clue
who I am but they look at my shirt and
they look at me and they go like this
the funniest thing like they look at my
 they look at me they look at me I
just like I sneeze and sell our of it
it's great I'm no I'm actually I'm
wearing a Santa onesie tomorrow which I
am quite excited for I love this Santa
onesie it's actually like my favorite
thing every summer where that tomorrow
I'm sad thing but was not coming but
I'll tell you why in that vlog um
anyways you guys oh I need a pack but
we're literally going overnight I think
I'm just packing up packing like
throwing a toothbrush and a hairbrush in
because Diana my hair makeup artist will
do my hair and makeup for the day and
just like there's no where you go it
just Elsa my life what's yours
actually I can't what you seem a little
rig than I have here look at this isn't
this cool it's like three things stacked
upon each other pretty fancy huh and
also to ignore my bed I got this lonely
indeed and II YouTube shirt and by the
way yes I am gonna be wearing the same
thing returned yet no two days I am
gonna be wearing the same thing for two
days I got this little C in a onesie
with a striped legs and I actually I've
been like this onesie it's very hues
that are really sparkly and then they
got bad to match the red on the Santa
and they're just gonna look really cute
and now join me into my bathroom as we
had long on this journey okay that was
not English so I'm gonna need this this
that that and that and that's literally
it and maybe some camera batteries I'm
taking this backpack I have an issue
because I have a black backpack pretty
cool actually know where it's at so I'm
taking this one because it has black
straps on it um so that'll work holding
a black bow then I need a backup black
bow because the odds of my black phone
breaking a quite high so let's find you
those okay I'm back I found my do so
this was the one I miss service because
I love this one and then I just
obviously just have a plain backup bow I
some also do bring this little reindeer
onesie because what if I don't want to
wear the same thing and this one is
really cute so I'm very Ennis this is
from the videos I did was having coal
and this is from the video that I do
with clean as Mariana and I didn't want
to in it with Rachel as Rachel - okay I
got a Papa
actually I don't because I'm wearing
this in this I had to just throw down
stands because out for that suitcase
just then I have to get a little bit of
work done and that I had to get a little
bit more work done and then I going
right so that's gonna be my night oh oh
okay open a present let's go are you
guys so I'm picking this present for
today um kind of mana but I kind of just
like put that I don't know I didn't even
make a big deal about picking it I just
kind of did you know what I was thinking
is that it's gonna be a little weird
because tomorrow when I get to you I'm
not going to take a present because all
I have left are giant one um so what I
think this I should really keep with
this little tree right there okay but
I'm not in focus now I'm in focus um but
tomorrow is it's gonna be difficult
because I don't have a present open so
what I'm gonna do is when I get back
home I'm gonna do - and I
also to tell anyone below behind on the
sky Cole Shh sure when I come home I'm
gonna have a big day where I Skype a ton
of people and they're gonna be winners
like a whole bunch of different was like
I literally have so much stuff that I
can give away right now and I'm so
excited so when I get home now they
really found a new um but for now this
giveaway will be happening I'm gonna
open it now but I'm gonna give it away
actually once we do that thing but you
still to comment down below on this
video and you have to just be an awesome
and bc18 or join thyself I'm gonna
explain how that's gonna work throughout
these next few vlogs and while I'm in
New York
um but until then let's just open up
this don't worry about oh I totally just
said what was fun until then let's just
open this guy up and then deal with the
later you and the music
okay I got stopped before the glass is
gonna break in my house that's actually
a really high note - Bravo Jojo my thing
did you hire a private eye that brother
magical I got five miss my voice I'm
singing on Kelly and Ryan and it's like
a live show right so there's like no
mess-ups allowed my voice is like
raspier than normal and it's like but
it's okay I'll be fine I can I can push
through I can I can like you know just
like sharing a few muscles down there
and then call it good later no just
kidding I actually I'm gonna be smart
about tomorrow um why are you guys you
not bad this is pretty awesome it's that
I've had Wi-Fi which basically means
that it doesn't have service my mother
you know I was right okay do you wanna
win this I got all you gotta do is step
number one two four seven number one
follow me on is that it's not seven
number one don't know how much those
guys you do gentle step number two you
subscribe to my main youtube channel
step number three on is gonna it's short
as you see it right there it is it what
is it oh it's gonna rain bold letters
wow that's cool Instagram username use
Skype username it also - hmm what's your
favorite let me think
mm-hmm you know what I'm a happy comment
down below your favorite Miranda sings
video is that I have done with her and I
know I know I did this a couple days ago
but you guys you got to stay up-to-date
with these Miranda sings videos
it was literally hilarious the one that
I uploaded today is a carpool karaoke
right here there's a little tiny sneak
peek of it up but you guys it is
actually the most hilarious video that
we've ever done together it's gone now
my favorite videos that we literally
have ever done together it's hilarious
you guys you have to see I will link it
down in the description also to you guys
yours have to stay up to date on these
renovators they you like every single
one literally literally every single one
is Larry's um Bobo excuse you you do not
get to go on my kitchen table no no okay
she just wanted to come by me oh pretty
epic when I have this day of Skype calls
I'm gonna price got like five winners in
one day and it's gonna be awesome and
I'm I just have a super surprise
giveaway up my sleeve I don't know I
might I might I'm not making any
promises but I'm
literally all I have for you today thank
you for joining me along on this journey
one today was a fun day with the Doozers
against cancer stuff which was so happy
I'm so happy and grateful that I get to
work with them guys a little background
story on dancers against cancer so there
is basically this foundation right and
it's called dancers against cancer and
basically what it is is it's a
non-profit
obviously I'm a nonprofit organization
and the people who run it they are so
amazing they are so nice I love them
literally like a second family um but so
they basically what they do is they go
to people they raise all these monies at
these different dance competitions so
that's really how it works I'm to the
main ones are car and Rainbow I know
that for sure but basically what it is
is that they go to all these
competitions there's like literally like
I don't even know how many I want to say
seven but I feel like there's more than
that dance competitions who have all
partnered together with this
organization and basically all these
competitions they raise money right and
they have given away millions to either
dancers with cancer or dancers do
families have cancer or dancers whose
assistants whose husbands have cancer
and so it's just it's a really really
amazing organization um for me
personally they have honestly affected
my life in so many ways um and here's
why um my grandma was diagnosed with
cancer a couple of about it pray about a
couple years ago um she unfortunately
lost her battle about a year ago which
is so sad um but yeah she was an amazing
woman and I love her so much
um but it's just you know they really
helped her out they presented her with a
check for I believe ten thousand dollars
but that is just so amazing and it made
such a big difference in her and like
even though like it's a huge dollar
amount it just means so much to her and
like just to like have it and just to
have this awesome organization and these
guys they helped my grandma out so much
which I'm so grateful for and so today
that's what I did for them is I just I
kind of I wanted to give back to that
and that was a really fun way for me to
get to do so I'm I don't know if you
guys know this or not but I actually I
raised $16,000 for them today just
around 16,000 dollars and that is just
so amazing I made nothing out of that I
don't want to make
so everything that I made from them is
how this worked is the people auction it
was like an auction off like a dance
class with Jojo and people bid on the
auction and I made over $16,000 for them
and that just makes me so happy because
now they can go to someone like my
grandma or someone like there was Doug
Cardwell who has made a huge impact in
the dance world his assistants husband
they presented him with a $5,000 check
today and so just for me to be able to
say that you know I raised fifty fifteen
sixteen thousand dollars for this
organization and that they can give it
to someone who it's really gonna help me
make a difference and not just I mean it
means I mean seriously it just means so
much I'm so I'm so happy that I got to
be a part of that for real it's such an
amazing organization um if you want to
donate anything you can donate $2 you
can donate $5 you can you don't even
have to donate but if you just want to
hear more about it I'll put the link
down in the description please go check
it out I'm not sponsored at all they're
just seriously there's such an amazing
organization and I just love them so
much and they held out my grandma and I
don't know if you know this but at the
dance competition car they actually sell
my book and on it there is a sticker
like you can see it right there and I'm
gonna sticker of it it says In loving
memory of Jo Jo's grandma Kathy Lombardi
which is just so nice and it just means
so much to me and so all the profits of
that to goes to the organization and
it's just it's really amazing to me to
think that you know like they made a big
impact in so many people's life so many
dancers like it's just such an amazing
organization okay anyways done
blabbering about that I know I'm gonna
end this vlog I feel like it's been
really long so I love you guys so much
just like we have on today I will see
you tomorrow to see the onesie bye
