guys good glad here anyways I don't know
if you can see this hold on I have
actually blogging on my g7x it's like
you can kind of see that there in my
mirror reflection on my window but I've
actually I haven't done lying on this
camera recently I'll show you what I've
been vlogging on I'm driving by on this
thing this thing is a whole production I
love the camera and it's like what all
the cool people use but it's just like
this little thing is so much easier it
has the little screen right here I can
see what I'm filming it has I don't need
to worry about turning the microphone on
as I think I'm gonna switch and use this
and also too it's really nice because a
I can make sure I'm in focus and ab2 it
watches ready I can make it brighter I
can make it darker I'm in pretty pants
ok gotta get it back - I liked it though
know what a vlog on this today but as
you can tell it's nighttime so uh
goal achieved you guys I don't know if
your parents do this but my parents like
to get me and my brother some little fun
gifts that are specifically from them
and not exactly Santa and his elves and
mrs. Claus my mom is wrapping my gifts
right now that she got me and I have to
sit here and I have to just kind of wait
so I'm gonna probably edit somewhere
into videos by the way um you guys are
loving the Miranda videos and if you did
not know I am doing 12 days of collabs
with Miranda sings on my main channel so
far I have uploaded her giving me and
Miranda sings makeover I have uploaded
by now a carpool karaoke I've uploaded
never have I ever
and there's one more what was it Oh a
holiday dance lip sync battle through
our own songs yeah that's right
also check out this little ring that I
got can you see it wait boy way before I
can actually wait till it's in focus
okay hold on I gotta touch it but wait
it'll come it'll come okay it's really
not happening okay whatever you can kind
of see this little bow ring that the
people who actually make the bows the
company is har and they're the ones who
actually like make these bows and these
end this to me for Christmas and it's so
nice it's a fancy low hanging I love it
so much I got it yesterday and I
literally haven't taken it off since I
slept in it so I'm gonna see how many
days in a row I can where can I sneak
into the jointer mode room if I turn
around
why all right okay well then I'm gonna
let you guys sit here and watch me out
of one of these Miranda videos and it
actually ends up being quite funny I
think I'm actually funnier
we're like watching me edit them because
I just died laughing and I think my
favorite thing about them is at the end
of every literally every video Chloe
goes like this okay perfect
I'll be living in so much if these out
buddy and she goes okay perfect okay
perfect okay perfect key perfect every
single video and it's the funniest thing
ever but it's just every single one and
every time I get okay perfect okay
perfect okay for everybody it's oh my
gosh is the mess okay I could pry Edit
to Trish and Ally I could probably at it
my makeover and I can fire at it oh man
I have a lot that I could edit Wow let's
get anything
I'm going to end up in prison from
strangling you alright what is that
this is mr. tree tree
what's your favorite song
wait DeBakey know what zone
that's what I can do because of
copyright reason
all right friends along with a backpack
inside the house because why not
anyways mom how does it go in today look
at me good see ourselves no wait wait
brightness brightness okay I'm vlogging
hi oh well you're right my little tube
right now this is mine
girl girl you didn't you didn't use
yours oh that's right you suck it
because you don't use it and that is not
true than you know it I would never that
is not the truth and you know it too
there's only one thing that I know I've
a comeback like vous may your days be
merry but what's the fun in that I have
to make you wait a little bit longer you
know we can do this but that was like no
not today so that I was thinking my
brain I was thinking anyway do we want
to do that I gotta say my British thing
II do want to do this want to yes we do
want to do this let's do it
I want to do what you want to do you're
under it I want to do only what you want
to do oh that's all right
I wouldn't the other town I didn't do it
I didn't do it let's come sit down at
the table like normal human beings
because our tables finally cleaned up
it's my craft edition it's my proud
tradition I mean like God minecraft that
doesn't get mind rather than this that's
like it's much better because nothing is
really cool and all you have to do is a
few simple steps that are so easy that I
know you guys can do because you are
Steven aiders obviously got number one
right you a big red subscribe button
right down below you'll find a
subscribers even ater you've got this
obviously you know how to do probably
you're already subscribed anyways it's
your juicy well or just go to youtube
and search Georgia zero or just click
the link down in the description that
says subscribe to my channel down to the
subscription and I just say that
description and it says Jodeci or
subscribe to my main channel it's sure
to zero something like that you will
find that I promise you you're smart
little kiddos whether you're smart for
oldest part 2 year old or smart
85 year old you guys you are smart and I
promise it right there in green letters
at it's Jonas you up Instagram username
your Skype username if you don't know
what sky visit or you do not have an
account please ask your parents for help
they know exactly what it is and they
also don't know how to set you up an
account your favorite video that I have
done with Miranda sings has been now you
guys if you don't know who's already I
am doing something really fun on my main
channel where I am posing a video every
single day and every single day I
convinced Miranda's exuse don't know how
happen but to do a video with me every
single day on my main channel you guys
so go check that out I'll link some of
those down in the description below
um but just go to my main channel press
the red subscribe button and then watch
those videos and then come back here
comment down below your favorite one was
and you guys beauties got gout
1 p.m. Pacific Standard Time California
time December 18th it's super easy guys
make sure you answer the call if you
hear your Skype ringing because it's me
it's gonna be awesome and then you
complain and but if you don't answer the
call and add someone else's oh really is
sad I just don't have to do that I just
want you to answer ok can you do that
for me it's just late winner of this
Skype call action as you can tell it's
clearly late I think that's at midnight
whatever let's shut off so that means
that this is a wrap up on today because
this is just a war on today
