today it's gonna be awesome you guys we
are innovators like actually we kind of
just finished rehearsal everyone in your
guys there hi yeah what a secret
searching notice how he didn't even say
hi then he turned around and then he was
like camera so there's guy there's
agent is our careful I don't arch around
how they ever met you Arturo does all
like my styling stuff so like boom a
little Alva and there's a little sneak
peek of it you can kinda see the top of
it oh it's okay you don't really see it
that much he is like the Nickelodeon
Salus so he does all like my fancy fun
things like his he did like the Macy's
stuff and he does everything that is
basically and there's my mom and Ellie
hi Ellie
and he loves being on camera clean and
John and Karen and Lyla they're all
talking doing business he things though
so guy has gone you know they know you
he's is Jojo batos visas do you dare die
at Simon I wiped out once a guy thought
I ran in front of Sandra I just wanted a
breakdown we thought should we thought
she hit the worm which make a fancy
YouTube dance battle
are you guys so I don't know if he knows
or not okay first of all I change I look
good I don't have adidas pants and a
t-shirt on anymore I actually got my
favorite bomber he got this new little
shirt that my mom got me I got these
little jeans that I wore in the Nick
Halloween special I got a little
commerce and of course I got my Jojo C
wallet just kind of get it it's not a
Geneseo ally but we're gonna say it is
you guys so the situation right now is
when I was little I did this little
thing and it's basically like kids they
come to this thing there's a whole bunch
of like casting directors and agents and
managers there and then like you perform
you do like a monologue you do a song
you do like a commercial you do a dance
you do like a little like a funny thing
you're like you do a lot of different
things like and then you model stuff you
do like swimsuit you do like a little
skit so this is the whole thing and when
I was little I did this roll the clip of
that
music is my life all kind of music mom
has a problem there's some stuff unreal
so she gave me an iPod hi
are you hungry are you hungry for some
hot and spicy just car yo-yos Chinese
takeout box they have slide wise
clubbing dudes
yeah man I tell me ciao
are you guys so that's what I did when I
was little and now actually I they're
still doing that now I'm so I'm back so
when I did that I think I did it in
Florida by doing this again in
California and I am about to go and like
talk to the kids that are doing it and
tell them my story and so I'm really
excited for that because it's like kinda
where I started and like my mom when I
was little took me to this little thing
I mean my mom always thought like you
know I was cute but like that's what
every parent thought and then it's like
you go to this thing and it like makes
it official and like it's just cool so
like that's honestly kind of really how
I got my start into things like you just
learn stuff and so that was really fun
for me and I'm super happy that I did it
so now I'm excited to like come back to
this and just give a turn to those kids
and tell them my experience in life so
it's gonna be a long experience and a
fun experience so I love know we're
actually we're backstage right now know
what out there yet and just feeling
energetic and I'm feeling ya you know
I'm feeling excited I mean is that isn't
that me every day yes the live with me
some days I get inside a giant blue
teddy bear and early days I give
speeches and on TV I'm gonna go out give
him a little talk maybe do a little Q&A
take some photos obviously should be
really really fun I'm really excited
right now and seeing me right now social
network genius
14 14 years old she's a best-selling
author near ten Nickelodeon star she's
not
so I would say accepted on it check out
my Jojo braid by the way pretty awesome
yeah
now we'll be out of breath five hours
late I'll butcher because like my
knowledge my favorite remember half and
I also do wait come out of here I just
now realizing that that's somebody copy
my tree too they put all their mark on a
tree and like it's totally cool I like
credit like it's cool it's fine I
understand but now I actually the one
who did it I watch the videos all the
time i love them i think it's great i at
one point you know it had a crush on
neva giant it's not ready to talk about
my friend Debbie from a bunch of a lot
of made this or not made this but she
got this for me for Christmas so sleep
with that oh yeah you know what I'm
feeling I'm feeling that he's trying to
do one of the pyramids I'm just I'm a
little under started on what you want I
want to do I'm feeling it there is one
two three four five six seven eight nine
things in this giveaway oh wow that's a
lot let's just fit in open over nine
things like Christmas morning let's
start with this thing let's see what's
in here
actually you know what I'm over all
these of a cute I love and then you'll
see what they are after so here we go
opening all these things to check this
out you got Candyland curve bugs
monopoly on it
you have my all-time for ever for ever
for ever favorite game dancing guys game
by Jove is he up any judges here gave
his maze it runs through all the time
the best game you can play with your
friends I used to plays give him the
homeschool friends I was fine
you got five days I play this all the
time with Emily we playing it's fun and
that's just what we do you go watch your
mouth that I actually have never played
but I've always wanted to so maybe I
should play of course you have in the
game of a life which is basically my
life there's a lot of lot of ups there's
a little bit of downs but then there's a
lot of ups that's literally what this
game is no this is not sponsored by
anybody I just went to the store and I
just wanted to buy a whole bunch of toys
and so that's what I did
seriously guys you could win all of
these really fun toys so I guess this is
in a way like the top toys of the Year
prize pack because like my top toy is
because like these are my favorite and
they're like I love them so it's not
like yeah I gotta do if you want to win
these is a seven number one comment down
below subscribe to this youtube channel
seven over to subscribe to my main
channel it's sure to see well or the
link is down the description that says a
big letter subscribe to my main channel
you guys don't find out I'm sure you
you're very smart you're assuming it
obviously this guy's definitely through
phone in his grandma it's Jersey ocm
right there it's in bright orange
letters today it's pretty cool
hey before the last step is all I can
just come down below your Instagram
username and also to your Skype username
you guys I'll be skyping the winner
tomorrow December 17th at 1 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time you missed the call that I
have the Gosselin Douglas and Lily is
that it sometimes I deserve to call a
lot of people then a zombie-like say
from black at night
- and then finally when it is just
update day that's mainly because I have
like a window of literally five minutes
before I have to either go to rehearse
or go do song writing or go maybe you do
video I go over to someone's house to
know me I did videos myself like that's
I literally don't have that much time so
you guys make you Indians got the
waiting you hear it because you could
win this awesome prize and peace down
