you got everyone going to every single
c18 who's out than this entire little
world I guys going today guys good that
whoa that was weird
I just cannot speak English today maybe
I should try Spanish or Korean or
Russian own yet nice not telling us
but Brussels Josh neighborhood was a
thematic I see just way girl I just
progression we're at the mall right now
and we were going shopping and really
honestly just kind of for no reason just
because me and my mom every once in a
while like to treat ourselves because we
work really really hard and today is
just kind of one of those days where we
are I thought we were going in but I
think we're waiting are we waiting for
the key we'd like to treat ourselves
every so often so we're just coming to
the mall gonna have a fun day if we see
something we like we're gonna buy it if
we find 20 things you like we're gonna
buy 20 things and if we find one thing
we like we're gonna buy one thing and if
we find nothing we're gonna buy nothing
you kind of one of those days because I
mean who doesn't want to have one of
those days Aries you guys earlier this
morning I Skyped at the winner of the
iWatch and those girls are just your
souls shot it was so sweet so I checked
it out goes username is be a see where
they're going sky can you see anything
like a little side
I mean I'm here hi hi what's your name
sorry Zara I'm Joe Joe did you subscribe
to my YouTube channels yes did you
follow me on Instagram yes you did you
wanna you're so excite you can't even
talk right yeah well say hi to these
guys there anything you're on today
everybody should subscribe yeah I like
that you should subscribe do it all
right well I'm gonna show all the top 3
hours later
I really think you need these actually I
think I need these but they're low tops
you need them those are awesome hey
someone at Nickelodeon you're probably
watching this do you want to hear
something crazy
they make all these really really cute
low tops and I don't have anything
against low tops for myself I just love
high top there are so many cool low tops
like just for example look at these like
they were just so cute and like sparkly
but I'm just a hideout person and
eventually the high tops are gonna like
really come in trend like next year or
something and they're gonna start making
really cool high tops I'm gonna be so
excited but then eventually maybe heels
oh I can't I can't think about that that
haven't once never again perfect create
like cotton candy infos oh we're not
thinking about judging heels anymore no
she literally got like not even 10 feet
into the surgical I like that bag oh
let's go look at the shoes hey you guys
check this out I just bought a Jojo
wallet isn't that pretty cool
I know right I just bought it I mean I
didn't just write I'm about to buy it
but you know it's pretty cool oh my god
Sarah
find your dad bye buddy hope you find
your dad do it are you guys we have
actually made it back home falling
falling falling it's okay come here Bobo
I got this giant bear thing and it is
just great I cut it open so I can get
inside of it but it is just great to
lounge out I'm not it like it is awesome
Bobo come here oh I missed you so much
hey mommy bunny I miss you too mommy oh
it's just shiny my microphone there she
got it now my audio sounds like this oh
whatever she stole my microphone Bobo
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get my
microphone back slobbery and you guys
but I cannot end of LA without doing it
do it this big one today
or could you this big one today but this
big one is really cool and I'm not gonna
do it yeah I don't know what it is but
it just looks really cool so that's what
I'm going with
and you know what come take a journey
into this jo-jo room with me and I'll
tell you my comm we're gonna compromise
my composition or not is my compromise
my compromise is late at night I'm tired
it's fine sounds like you know I don't
really want to do one of those today so
I wanted to do something where you can
either have this sticker that was
attached to my hand and now attach the
right forehead or you can have what's in
my pocket you would get a pic and this
sticker or what's in my pocket look what
do you what do you want
you know what the sticker oh you want my
pocket you want the words in my pocket
all right well I mean if you say so
all right you guys let's see what's in
here what is it Oh Oh jumbo it's a mini
Jojo bo that's cool okay but that's not
all that was in there that's what I
think it is this is cash baby oh yeah
check this out we got we got one two
three four five subscribe to this
channel so I remember to subscribe MHO
seven over there
follow me on it's got my issues yours
too right there in green letters because
like money 500 bucks green letters
obviously Instagram username your Skype
username and you guys you have to
comment down below what I am doing on my
main channel for Christmas so now you
guys this is kinda like a little mission
I'm sending you on you how do it my main
channel watch my most recent video with
Miranda sings I literally just posted
well maybe like my the Miranda sings
video where she gives me a makeover go
watch that video I'll link it down in
the description up and you guys you have
to tell me what I'm doing with Miranda
on until December 25th so you got to
tell me oh and you could win this 500
bucks cash
I need pretty cool I own some of these
are upside down I never I don't deal
with money come out whatever you want
with this money it's pretty I make all
ages I mean you could literally you
could be you you little four-year-old
out there you could be walking around
and you could buy you know dude oh look
at this Jojo bows you could buy with
this several wanna subscribe to these
channels everyone to subscribe my many
jobs I've done my thirty five minutes go
right there and rainbow letter that it's
joy to see you
step number one comment down below your
Instagram username your skype username
and look boys on what I am doing on my
main channel with Miranda sings you guys
I'll link it down the scripture make
sure you go watch it right now right now
but you guys I'm just so excited for
what I'm doing Miranda so make sure you
check that out um anyways be on your
Skype Cal 1 p.m. Pacific Standard Time
tomorrow December 16th and you guys I'm
skyping the winner uh who ever wins this
borrow two bucks cash and this judge
about and you know what can't get the
sticker and this sticker to you are
gonna win all these amazing cool things
so you guys all get is those steps
behind skip town 1 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time tomorrow December 16th and tell me
what I'm doing on my main channel and
yeah I love you guys so I says I have
you
thank you so much and that's a wrap up
on today and peace out buddy
everybody
