it's kind of been keeping it a secret
from you guys for a while but uh hi oh
okay but what is trying to steal my
microphone and it's not working I'm okay
oh we gotta go get you dressed don't we
yeah we'll do that next out there this
entire world how's it going today guys
good you know just so I'm so delighted
to hear that my soul is just so
delighted so anyways you guys I'm in the
gorge of mode room I am decked out in
Georgia red you literally had to tow
check this out I got the jeans on right
there I got the shirt on I got the head
on and I made the bow on and the
earrings on and I have socks on under my
really cool bands um anyways I'm just
hanging out in the Jojo room right now I
don't honestly know why today I was in
the recording studio so that's Vaughn
recording some new tunes for your ears
you're actually you're gonna love my new
music um it's great I've kind of been
keeping it a secret from you guys for a
while but uh stay tuned for it because
it's pretty awesome
let's walk upstairs so we can get you
dressed anyways though look I pink car
how's it going today my mom what are you
doing wrapping Christmas present
oh who are those for I wonder why she
Jam Tommy I'm gonna hurt right now
because I want to get Bobo dressed
because uh Colleen's coming over and
we're gonna film the other half of my
Christmas clubs that I'm doing with her
and I think we're filming something for
her too also to our bed is made and room
is clean its first Bobo what do you want
to wear and we put you on Christmas
clothes Auto TJ Dada already a giant
teddy bear eye line pretty cool huh yeah
Jen Psaki hi Emma run oh that was a
mistake
Emma run oh yeah my brownie oh my
daughter is gonna get into that now
dumb choices all right watch your bubble
way today she should wear boos you can
also wear her little pink bomber that
would be really cute bubble you are wear
pink bomber
are you gonna oh yeah should we put her
in the pink bomber
should we put her in the Christmas
outfit I want this Christmas monster I
know exactly what I'm looking for but it
just cannot seem to find it I think I
yeah I got it wait is that the one no
that's not the one oh yeah this isn't
what I was planning on but I'm gonna put
her in this anyways because it's really
cute look you're this little soft little
reindeer hoody is Bobo come on let's get
dressed she likes to play with this
hoodie more than she likes to wear it so
I just pinched myself with the camera
thing
hi should get you dressed you like your
dress yes you do are you gonna wear
pigtails that you want to our hair down
no her hair down okay could you guys
let's get you dressed
can you put your slow arm little in your
little chicken nugget arm you're fine
you're fine chill out chill out chill
out
guys this is quite difficult I'm not
gonna lie but it looks really here and
it's on so it's totally worth it oh
thank you I love you so much
my dog is literally the cutest thing
ever let's go thank you I just don't you
buh-buh-buh doesn't have one more thing
to show you but that one more thing is
downstairs let's go Wow my phone down
here is my phone upstairs I can't
remember really gonna remember any
things but I just can't remember where I
put my phone yes down here oh look your
texted me Nate awesome thank you so much
that's cool we also discovered that
there's light under here so that's
pretty cool
Oh check out who showed up today hi
Holly look at what she did look at this
hot mess that she made look at that so
apparently she was over your last night
or this morning whatever eating some
chocolate and of course those blue candy
canes are right there because she has a
little chocolate right there she has a
little blue thing candy cane right there
and she has a hot mess down there so she
robbed a spill a little well look at she
good swing back and forth very swing
he's swinging it III 8380 sweet but
don't touch her because then her magic
powers go away and that would be bad on
you for a minute like 5 4 3 2 I
later yes yeah that's awesome
now I have a question for you did you
comment on one of my videos saying that
you wanted a drone yes I think you did
and did you subscribe to both my YouTube
channels yes so I have some pretty good
news for you
you just want this drone are you excited
are you excited edge one this drone
pretty cool isn't it
yeah you should subscribe right now do
it alright bye guys
Crowley I am in my bathroom right now
while I'm in my bathroom no clue not a
reason why I actually have the giveaway
right here this one actually looks
really cool doesn't it look at it's like
all my stony and sparkly that's exciting
in this show I set that down first day
and it stunk
open it up and find out what's this side
we got this cute little judge about oh
well there's another thing too right
here world with this one second um
that's pretty cool the big gift time I'm
excited for this one
you guys you could win a Nintendo switch
that's pretty cool way out over to the
other one so we know what gave it away
and intend it was rich today that's
pretty cool but what's in here what is
it what is it this is Super Mario
honestly this games actually like really
awesome that is one of my favorites yo
you would engenders rich over a nickel
George over in Super Mario honestly
that's amazing and all I gotta do if you
want to win this is all you gotta do is
step number one subscribe to this
channel right here it's this channel
that you're watching right now subscribe
there's like a little red button I'm
gonna do that generate a subscribe my
main channel it's just you're also to
you guys I am doing a video on there
every single day up until Christmas it's
a collab with Miranda saying so soon ooh
Georgia I'm around a video every day
mm-hmm yeah it's follow me on instagram
at it's Jesse you can see it right there
in rainbow letters pretty cool huh seven
over before is all you do is comment
down below your Instagram username your
Skype username and also you got a
comment down below your favorite song is
I think my favorite song is boomerang
because that's like my favorite I love
that song so much so you guys go down
those steps one more time step number
one subscribe this channel to subscribe
my main channel 3 follow me on is gonna
it shows you for Carnival your
instrument isn't in your Skype username
and what your favorite song is any you
guys immunity's got account tomorrow
December 15th at 1 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time California time so you'll know if
you're the winner I will be skyping the
winner of this specific game I wanna be
on Pacific Standard Time to December
15th you guys if you're not on you staff
account I have to call someone else
that's really sad so just please be on
account again cuz I wrap up thank you
for being see you inators this is wrong
okay they're gonna see your data again
so I am beat now buddy
