I go today guys good I you know so
delighted to hear that I feel like I'm
gonna tell you guys good morning in this
vlog literally probably like 54 times um
that's because I have created a few
different interests as vodka anyways
y'all here we have target saying y'all
humor I did I'd do anything this morning
so before you can get to what is going
on in here in the jojomo right now at
the original stuff but anyway so before
you get to what is going on and why I am
in this jojomo room let me just show you
what happens this I went to target
pretty typical flashback and since I
seriously can't with the endcap like
this
I literally have my own end cap at
Target okay I'm leaving you guys bye
sorry okay bye um but I just
Wow my own end cap at Target you
accomplished something when you have
your own end cap at Target and yeah I'm
just wowed if the original bow maker
that used to just make them one at a
time and so do my friends I help you
didn't know but I'm just giving a shout
out to all my friends that helped me
make who would help us marry and rocker
Janelle Janelle Mary and Anna Oh yo well
soon back told Jane but she would always
help us shout out to you guys I hope you
find your dad bye buddy
hope you find your dad I think that it's
time that they make Jojo mac and cheese
Jojo fruit snacks and Jojo popsicles or
you guys think oh they could even make
Bo cereal they should they should make
for real guys like this like this wait
okay that's not Jennifer's like that now
it's Georgia fruit snack that's pretty
cool look at that do you see the Jojo
Oreos died he didn't he didn't care
about my vlog it's fine
and
a flashbang back here - after that was
like a literally like 11 o'clock this
morning so that's pretty early for me Oh
tomorrow Wow I have an earlier morning
though tomorrow I can nine o'clock
morning in I am back here and what is
going on right now is I can in my
georgia room because you know there's a
lot of new merch like when i say a lot i
mean like a lot block table I seen have
copied the merch store it's fine
can be copied not duplicated just know
this will forever be the original you
can have mushrooms but you get the merch
store the merch store have will forever
be my larger store it's right I support
you much stores but like it's just like
the best it's like her the hot pink is
just the glorious so check this out we
got a little shoe charms we got a little
shell a little whatever tongue thing is
your bows look at these look at little
bubble I maps I wonder if I can tell
what's in this room this is a thing I
love a fill in French your book how did
I know that because I can kind of see oh
friendship book so you got a dissection
my new book I'm check this out and let
me find one where it has like my writing
in it too like scrolling through your
Instagram feed it's kind of difficult to
find things okay okay I only got one go
it's like Jordan's closet is full of
sneakers and all different colors more
accessories do you love the most so then
you would write down what you love the
most
who is your newest friend and how did
you meet and then I put like my writing
in here which is my newest friend is a
girl on Nickelodeon Brianna ud from
school Iraq she's an awesome friend and
we have the same age we talk all and
FaceTime all the time EXO Jojo oh yeah
so this book is just really exciting
really interactive I mean you can
literally it's I mean literally a
journal and check out that promo
JoJo's got in the sweet life right back
you can pre-order this book on Amazon
right now it comes out in January I'll
put the link down in the description to
where you can pre-order this things I
love filling friendship book that I want
to talk about is this Jojo see what bu
journal check this out this is the UK
version I'm if you live in the UK it's
literally the only differences hardcover
softcover they both sound hard but this
on the softcover if you cannot tell um
that was the hardcover um but that's a
really awesome activity book slash
journal I guess what you this book is
available now on Amazon so I will also
put that link in the description check
out how brightness thing is look at this
it's literally so bright I love it so
much
seriously selling out so quickly it's
available now on Amazon enter Yahoo put
one of them links down in the
description
um spin sona on target for a really
really long time they just restocked it
I think don't quote me on it up but yeah
I put that
description to make this bad boo-boo now
this is the bow club number 200 that's
really cute one but you don't get to see
it yet you have to order it but actually
bad news number two is sold out so it
makes you I will put the bow
subscription down in the description you
literally get a new bow every month
that's only exclusive to this so you can
only get this boat if you get that and
it's really cool comes with a bow a pin
and it's like you won't be able to get
this boat anywhere else would you really
cool out it don't know anyways I'll put
that link down in the description to go
subscribe there and and and exciting
news this little boat club is available
in the UK now links in the description
all you UK in this little bow bow is
this cute I think this is from the UK um
but it's just through this thing is new
from Claire's what else is new oh my
favorite thing ever
check this out I got a really cool bow a
little notebook I'm not gonna unravel
this because as you can tell it's like
stable or not stable I'm like what does
that call but if the Joseph's you
speechnow alarm clock that's new I want
us a lot of new boat I mean look at this
on those mermaids the candies the emojis
the gummy bears the lollipops who a
unicorn look at this one for Valentine's
Day there's just there's not always new
boats the bows are just kind of like a
new thing all the time
bow makers target dog what else what
else oh look at these are here from Toys
I realize pretty cool huh right um those
are amazing here we got some Jojo
balloons that are new that's exciting
Oh what else is know over here this
little thing is new this little thing is
near these big fat that use our new this
pen is nearly rate this pen lights up
see it's pretty cool isn't that my
personal favorite the lap time we
literally just got this today pretty
cute huh first things first a little
coffee mug but do you want laughs did
you just see my will in it comes of the
Freebo how cool is that can we just take
a second Jojo zoo come on that's what
you think ever this is a mailbox Kohl's
I'll put that link in a now no
description look at this look at this we
got little Jojo joggers I ordered these
in a four and they are the tiniest
cutest thing hi Bobo Tilly enzyme but
like I don't judge mark she's launcher
plunges and she loves her puffball Hey
look at what do you want we're dry you
are flushed aren't you okay he's not
your boss you got it right what I'm get
I'm get I'm get I'll get Hoggett I love
it alright cool ah there's a journal
fidget spinner um yeah you already know
even less
what does that say a New York Times best
seller I will take that out of applause
please
see what havoc times myself thank you I
love you guys so much I don't think you
know how much I love you I really do but
yours are actually amazing time for a
gift giveaway don't know what to do I
don't know what to say I don't know how
to act I don't know how to play and then
I want to wake up Bank on YouTube all
day that's literally mommy we should
give away this one was that a yes yes
your juicy you are your giveaway number
I don't know all right what music do
with you today
music baby
all you gonna do is follow four simple
and easy steps subscribe to this YouTube
channel to subscribe to my main channel
it's sure to see well on YouTube or just
searched urgency well order the link is
down in description it says subscribe to
my main channel and that it puts the
link right there it's really easy to
find I promise it you got this you are
very smart people you are c18 oh you
already know how to do it so good I'm in
gentle turn I would say follow me out if
you have an ex Jo to see what you see
right there what color isn't it I can't
but can't really tell what colors it in
purple oh wait no it's great what would
changed on me Instagram username and
your Skype username if you don't know
what skype is or if you don't have a
Skype account please ask friends for
help setting one up or if you don't know
what it is ask your parents and then
they will help you they're very smart
people too they they will know what I'm
talking about and they all understand
they will help you you also to have to
comment why you want to win this Apple
watch you have to tell me why what
reasoning why it really means so much to
you can you do that alright you can do
that this channel step number two you
subscribe to my main channel seven over
three you follow me on instagram at is
sure to Co see you right there look at
it's in rainbow letters this time that's
pretty cool step number four Guy
Monopoly Instagram username Skype
username and also to why you really want
to win this I watch and you guys I will
be picking a winner tomorrow at 1 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time and you guys I
hope you are the winner but if you do
not answer this guy well I have to tell
someone else is just really sad for all
of us so just answer your Skype call
it's just way easier I'm going to throw
it to Joe Joe of the past well that's
right I always throw it in the future
that's what's confusing ground or did to
Joe Joe of the past and she is going to
be skyping the winner and she is also to
going to be a trainers for today so bye
guys
call me up come here I can't see you I
can see I'm shaking I can see you hi
Bobo say hi this is Bobo
so I got a question for you are you a
sue inator yes so you do you bow in
right now
yeah well but I love it it's like I take
that's that - pretty cool pup so I have
some exciting news for you are you ready
for this yeah I'm doing 24 Days of
Giveaways on my vlog channel and you
just won a really cool speaker and an
iPod Touch and some Apple earpods are
you excited oh wait anyone this really
cool jojoba pretty awesome mom yes I
love it all right so here's what we're
gonna do is I'm gonna hang up I'm
hanging up on you guys came by weight
mothers you down
