that's it this time I'll yell but you're
not allowed to judge Harlan oh so glad
here they started calling the winner of
the ps4 in the Jojo PO maker so check it
out 12:57 sound goes Skype the winner
so this winner that I'm about to Skype
hopefully the answer they are the winner
of this ps4 that I have right here and
they want a Jojo bow maker but I don't
really have the bow maker up here I
guess I have this thing up here but
they're gonna get a chargeable maker too
so yeah and call them I really so
excited hi hi hi I am sorry I didn't see
you
sorry I look kind of crazy right now but
it's okay you're so cute
thank you thank you alright so I have a
question for you have you subscribe to
my YouTube channels yes oh you did did
you follow me on instagram yes and did
you comment down below your favorite TV
show yes what's your favorite TV show oh
yeah it's the best show ever
yay you want to be a sport and the Jojo
bow maker I don't think you can get that
dude from Italy right yes I don't think
I didn't get the bow maker in Italy so
you're gonna give me the only person in
Italy that has the bow maker
thank you so much that's so exciting oh
you're just so excited thank you thank
you I do you have anything you want to
say look at I'm vlogging right now you
want to say hi to anyone just so many
people but you guys she's on the ps4 and
she just won this Jojo bow maker I mean
you've got me so excited right so much
all right but I'm not on you I'm not
hanging up on you oh but I wake up on
you guys so that I can go get her
information so I can send her this
awesome
monkey because helipad sir let's take
the sidewalk yeah but you're not allowed
to judge Harlem okay yes I cut this sock
monkey open so I could get inside of it
so now I gotta clean up this stuffing
you guys if you can't tell it's late at
night it attacks me like by 10 o'clock
right now so with the situation for the
day I edited some Miranda videos I
edited some thumbnails and I could open
the sock monkey but something that came
today's wait for this you're not even
right I could get out of this thing
but you ordered a stop monkey and then
you cut it open the stuffing of it gets
everywhere but I started inside this
stock monkey because hey not want you
Tim you look alike this it's okay it's
okay
this came online today but you wanna see
what else came online today check this
out Barbie he's probably got giant clam
14 and joiners do a vlog a camo Lee
marker rolling squat
a blonde dara shikoh what you've done
bubble wrap it's a giant candy cane I
don't you can see it in there but I'm
saving that for something later sue Shh
sit down you guys what are the odds that
I ordered two giant dice the odds are
that was going to be a freeze frame and
then I just kind of like chickened out
mid for your friends probably my
personal favorite thing are these giant
3d glasses
I already check it out check out these
things like dready whoa whoa whoa Wow
say I got giant 3d goggles all this
stuff is made like go on a wall and
stuff like that but like I'm actually
using giant stocking thinks that I'm a
six-foot maybe a good three-foot I don't
know I read a whole bunch of large and
in charge
I'll be straight into the giveaway
because if you can't talk the dog
outside I'll go to bed what should I
give away today mom
hmm wait wait it's always have a number
on the back of that I don't know what
the number is sort of roll the dice and
we're gonna let the dice pick which it
is seriously honestly I actually have no
clue of these numbers are basically what
happened is it was just so I could stay
organized make sure I had 24 would you
like this guy is number two
look at how cool is it with a circle job
oh look at that has multi colored
rhinestones okay I have a thing where
all my daughter bows have to be a super
specific shape anyway so now we got this
little stake and we got a little curling
ribbon okay I dropped or whatever this
thing is I can't be music to cue you
guys wait let's try a couple shoot try
this one yeah
that's pretty cool
this is the coolest thing I've seen yet
this isn't rubble this is a spark by DJI
this is the newest and fanciest John
that they made at Target so this was no
one that I bought um look at this this
thing is sweet tonight guys I do have
some good news for those of you who are
age 15 or older this prize is only for
you and your mom I tell you why because
I the bagman it says 15 plus you see if
you see that 15 plus so all y'all
eight-year-olds out there I'm so sorry
but tomorrow's prizes for you I don't
know it's large prizes yeah but I know
it's for you but they could give it to
their parents or you can give it to
their parents or your older brother or
sister the thing is for anyone in class
if you're gonna be the one operating it
makes you 15 years older Bobo got in
trouble today she went through my trash
and she's not allowed to do down aren't
you hey it she's gonna Gavin you ready
don't wanna I'm haters step on them
haters boom boom yeah watch me whip
watch me where where oh I'm sorry I'm
sorry I don't know what just happened I
love you you're still my best friend
yeah hey do you want to win this drunk
what do they gotta do both Oh goodbye
spoiling it how cute she is look at that
little video I got massage son got the
pants on I got the shirt on and I got
the bow on it I got the earrings oh wow
do you want to win this you guys here is
all you gotta do if you want to end this
really really cool drone everyone
subscribe to this YouTube channel right
here jota's you a vlogs the red
subscribe button right down there you'll
find I already searched your vlogs order
the channel subscribe watch all my
videos because you know that gives you
double bonus points description baby why
did this no Sarge Jersey but is
literally the first thing that comes out
press subscribe go on to my videos over
there why what are you doing okay
three four minutes man that it's sure to
go zip look at weight if you pan up to
the ceiling you'll see it look at it's
on the ceiling you see it Instagram
username your Skype username you don't
really want to talk under here username
is ask your parents and ask us for help
creating a Skype account but that is how
you'll know if you're the winner it
doesn't - you got a comment down below
what your number one thing on your
Christmas wish list is I would honestly
say two things number one is to just
have a great Christmas with my family
and number two is anything for my dog
because I just I love it up oh wait
another thing I really wanted copper
chef I don't know why but I really want
a copy shop if you don't know what I'm
talking about Google is this thing and
it's like a copper pan and it's just
looking really cool and there's this guy
that sells it on TV and he really does a
good job at selling it he's like now
listen you really want this thing slip
and slide no oil or butter melted cheese
not a problem you can make melted cheese
you can make mac cheese Oh pancake
batter lines right so do you really made
me want to buy copper chef's he's really
good at that stuff
are you guys close reviewer several more
times f normal one subscribe this
channel September to subscribe to my
banjo 7 over 30 follow me on Instagram
but it's just a way to look at it as
obviously you look at it pretty cool
like how that works I'm number four come
down below your is rep username your
skype username and the number one thing
on your Christmas list
anyway and you want to find out if you
are the winner be on your Skype account
tomorrow December 13th at 1 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time
if your nice guy at 1 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time which is California time
as compares if you don't know what it
weighs but if you're not about 1 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time 155 miles of you
don't answer nuts just really sad isn't
it Bobo shows no emotion I don't know
how she does it
today I know this love enjoy hey I'm
under a table so give me credit that's
around her today we love you guys so
much and mom's gonna be pretty epic vlog
so I'll get ready for it my guys so suck
my phone I'm fine like a Joan I say
buying less alone yeah I smell good
it's such a cool is that your boys
Cologne
