is it your contract that you have to
wear a bow every day thank you no I'm
just so delighted to hear that today on
the agenda a lot of things came up
unexpectedly but the first thing that
actually happened today was we dropped
my dad and brother off at the airport so
let's check that out
I did bye dad bye baby good bye buddy
hope you find a bad comment down below
if you're interested in Jaden's new
youtube series that we're doing I
thought of any future joelle see what
Joey bye buddy hope you find your dad I
just I I first um reason love that day
anyway you guys so then after that
literally out of nowhere a super secret
unexpected meeting I can't tell you
anything about it but an unexpected
meeting came up on nowhere and you know
what time it was at 12:30 to 2 o'clock
right when I rose to do my Skype call
come on you guys so Bailey very awesome
speaker but you know what that means
that means that I am going to be giving
it away tomorrow December 12th along
with whatever I open no matter what I
think I'm here you're gonna get this
speaker team's qtpie asthma now look at
what's just shape it up in look at
knives and look at she's by
I'm coming back like a boomerang I say
my mother a lot of those dolls in
Santa's workshop because it's like how
else did she get two of those and have
it I technically three because she has
outfit for one of them hey you guys like
I was explaining a super secret meeting
that you guys are gonna find out about
pretty soon ah but it was just it was a
great meeting in case you cared but I
couldn't do this guy sad but it doesn't
matter because tomorrow December 11th
I'm doing two giveaways
wow that was really quiet for me that
was a new one what should I get into
much should I give I already know what I
want to give no fluids in it but I want
to give away it these flowers they're
from my hair and makeup artist Diana she
gave them to my mom for her birthday
this is compared to me ah here we go we
got this little cute little Georgia ball
I think this is the first little jojomo
that we've given I thought that's pretty
cool and now I got two things full of
art and three - okay I let's do this
thing first let's find out what's in
here hundred and twenty eight gigabyte
iPod Touch let's open it up let's open
it up wait Q these sad music
so they don't have any cords which is
really cool you can win this speaker in
this year to vote in another Church of
oh wow
that is a really cool prize Bob can pick
you up she wait she loves me
but she never lets me pick our ball and
foggy it's the weirdest thing
guys look at her shirt it says I'm kind
of a big deal it's kind of a big deal
only 1 million Instagram followers it's
fine
do you want to explain how do you could
win the giveaway that was a yes the one
licked Matt yes just in case you cared I
got so it so if you want to win this
giveaway what you gotta do is do
whatever my mommy usually says which is
step one you have to you have to
subscribe to this YouTube channel
step two you have to subscribe to my
mommy Maine piano Sam number three you
have to follow me on instagram I it's
Georgia see we're in trial meet you and
it's Bobo see whoa step number four
comment down below your Instagram
username it's fabulous and you know I
don't really know what Skype is but but
you guys do so so comment down below
your Instagram username a new Skype
username and also to comment down below
what your favorite part about me is
because I'm Bobo and I'm awesome okay
that was really good how'd you do that
you being a cute little snuggle muffin
right now are you beaut all that you
wait check out this journal would I
enjoy too much here
here here here here and there boom why
don't you go get anything guys I'm a
future Jojo huh and you don't know why
because she's gonna tell you guys a
story so a check it out
hi welcome to my room how's it going
guys hi you guys
I honestly I just wanted to sit down
here and tell you guys something that I
get asked literally all the time like I
get us a few things one how many bows do
you have two is Abby really that mean
and three literally the top number one
one is it your contract that you have to
wear a bow every day you guys I am going
to tell you why I literally have to wear
this every day and that reason would be
because I'm like it so there is no
contracts to telling me that I have to
wear a bow and a side ponytail every day
it's honestly just the hairdo that I
like and that works for me and you know
I'm not really the biggest fan of my
hair down at least right now um I might
like it when I'm older so no there is no
contract and no
one telling me that I have to wear a
side ponytail and a bow every single day
buddy to me that people think that I
would literally be in a contract for me
to have to wear right here of every day
and there's another reason why I don't
want right here down because these young
poofy it is but now that it's addressed
and it's over I have actually getting
ready for bed right now so I
you guys let's wrap up on today love you
guys so so so much and peace out bye
