you guys I just made my very own a
jojoba we're skyping the winner of the
giveaway and actually guys since I
couldn't do a giveaway yesterday this
winner is getting o get a recall getting
a call the winner is getting a bull's
that the GoPro and the iPad so they can
give it up really cool to get to their
friends for Christmas or to their family
or they can just keep all of them I mean
whatever their heart desires stuff we go
scroll through comments quickly and I'm
gonna find a winner and then it's gonna
be time to Skype them baby guy here we
go
it's ringing we have banter it gets
easier
oh yes I get high you're diving
is your name Hannah yes Nana I got a
question for you have you been behind in
both of my YouTube channels yes yeah
uh-huh
did you comment down below a name to
name myself yes I'm pretty sure you did
so you know what that means that means
did you our giveaway winner of the iPad
and you can follow these awesome Georgia
bows you get this pink jojoba in this
purple georgia bow that has these
curling ribbon thing he's on it thank
you so much I'm such a big fan thank you
hi are you excited yes that's awesome so
you got it you got bold you got a bonus
prize thank you so much there anything
you want to say to these guys I love it
what yes this guy do it so Skye join the
family like a discursive ESC or later
you I'm not hanging up on you yeah but
I'm I hang up on you guys see you in a
second of actually ensure this for the
day out but I gotta go get her
information so that I can Center these
awesome prizes are you guys going into
every single c18 OS island is entire a
little bit where I was going
guys good glad here and here's what you
guys just saw was a little Skype call I
was really really fired up she was the
winner of the iPad he and the GoPro I
mean how cool is that we did a bonus
giveaway but you guys I know is that a
lot of you to this YouTube channel so if
you guys are new here let me just say I
am Joe Joe I vlog every single day and
we have fun here we are see you inators
you guys are awesome please literally do
something different every single day we
were children watch we wear bows we are
simulators we make our own bows which is
what I'm about to do right now and most
importantly we have to know what's going
on right now you guys know you can't see
me I just wanted to say thank you to you
all for all your support um but now Wow
today was a what day literally nothing
we were gonna go to the laser tag but
then there was a big birthday party of
like nine year olds there it would've
been really fun but if it just wasn't
available then are we gonna go bowling
and same thing happen there so then all
we did is went and got shaved ice there
was a little girl in there I knew man
soccer on my Instagram story she was so
cute so I walked in and the one little
girls like and she's five and then the
three-year-old started to realize who I
was and now these kids are adorable
right and this little three-year-old
starts playing boomerang in the middle
of the store and it was hilarious I have
a vlog a little check it out so we're in
this shaved ice place and this little
girl knows who I am play your eyes like
you like this song can you sing it I
don't know all the words yeah I just
don't
so Spartan come on are you guys well
that leaves me back here to where I'm
about to be creating a jojoba with this
awesome bow maker and I'm quite excited
for that this bow maker is available at
Toys R Us video not sponsored by hey
it's Joe Joe might show technically be
sponsored by myself even if it was
sponsored not sponsored at all though I
just felt like maybe your bow maker
because like why not it's pretty cool
sold out so you can't really get this
anymore
it was out for like four days not even
that it's out for like two days and it
was sold out so yeah sorry but before I
even get into that you guys you know who
do it we are doing a giveaway baby let's
do it I'm not gonna lie you guys I know
it's in here it's really heavy
I remember wrapping this one this is one
of my favorites and this thing is one of
the things that I want for myself I've
had I have that I watch I have the
camera I have but this thing don't
forget this you are very very lucky
first of all you get this really cute
little Jojo bow that's adorable and I
love it so so so much man oh do you get
this awesome little truly thank aware
this is a belt find a positive kids Oh
answer you get these little Jojo
stickers they're cute they have little
rhinestones on them I'll just stick them
on this for all right peels from the
paper off this is not working as planned
you get a ball that has paper on it I'm
actually I'm so excited for you guys to
do this it is all right here we go here
we go wait wait wait you this salsa
music I'm feeling what this is the Xbox
but it's up against bar which is still
pretty cool
and this is not only a ps4 this is a ps4
/ oh whoa fancy and you already know I
had to buy you guys a game let's do a
game I bought though I actually kind of
forgot what game it was boy
cue the salsa music again
okay I thought it was the Xbox I don't
have an Xbox I do have a ps4 but this
game for my ps4 is by far my favorite
game I love this game
I literally play at like 247 but I'm not
vlogging not editing not making
thumbnails not youtubing and not social
media I play this game on my ps4
literally so you guys you go in this
awesome game and this awesome really
heavy ps4 it's actually really cool
though like this is like the fancy ps4
this isn't I said on the ps4 that I have
so much wow breanne so all you to do if
you want to win this ps4 in this awesome
game and you know what I'm throwing in a
Joe Joe bow maker cuz you can't get this
anywhere else now so if you don't have
one this is your one and only chance to
get one I know I know who wants win who
wants what who really wants to win that
number one subscribe to this channel the
little red subscribe and this is my vlog
channel so like subscribe here to
subscribe to my main channel the link is
down in the description baby I just
searched yours here at the top is the
first thing that comes up press
subscribe watch all my videos thank you
so much three baby follow me on
instagram seal right there and purple
letters right now it's in pink letters
now it's in green letters whoa you got
whoa smashing look at that Wow okay stop
that I stopped that awhile I was really
cool I don't even know how that happened
oh but you guys follow me on instagram
it's just zero and seven number for
comment down below your Instagram
username your Skype username if you
don't know what that is ask your parents
ask them for help setting it up if you
don't know what that is
boom there you go Instagram username
Skype username and awesome too let me
think what your favorite TV show is so
now I have a lot of TV shows that I
obviously lip sync battle shorties or
one of my all-time favorite Dance Moms
and Jojo see what my world those have to
be number twos and then you know of
course
AUD see that's in there and obviously
grey's Anatomy's in no particular order
lip-sync that was number one I love all
of those shows considering Grey's
Anatomy is the only one that I'm not on
that makes a little different but I like
the shows that I'm on personally so you
know hey I got only a favorite TV show
along with your Instagram username and
your skype
and you have a chance to win this
awesome ps4 this awesome lego worlds
gave in this awesome Jojo bow maker that
you can literally not get anywhere as of
right now unless they put more out than
I don't know if but if they have not you
literally can't get about anywhere I try
to get it places like I ordered them
right as they came out and we're kind of
running out of them you cannot get these
by now if you are the winner of this
giveaway and be on your Skype account at
1 p.m. Pacific Standard Time on December
11 being there 1 p.m. answer the call
right away if you do more time and then
I'm gonna be getting to making this
awesome little bow maker so here we go
step number one subscribe to this
channel Steph know to subscribe I made
you step number three follow me on
instagram zero right there it's sure to
see step number 4 countdown blue it's a
good music name your Skype username and
also to what your favorite TV show is
you guys be on your Skype account at 1
p.m. Pacific Standard Time ask your
parents if you don't know when that is
answer the call because if you don't
it's sad I have someone else and I get
sad and you gets out it just just answer
the bed it won't get damaged because
that's a bed and it's soft obviously so
you guys I've actually I've only made
this when it was like a promo that I did
for it to like YouTube video thing but
that was only a sample of it so I've
actually literally never opened one of
these and never like actually like put
it together do what you need to do like
I'm I literally have not so this gonna
be fun I didn't want to put you guys in
the marriage so you can see a yourself
do you see yourself you're right there
hi then I can kind of keep an eye on
what's going on and then also too so you
can see what's going on on the ground
right here and so you can see what's
going on in the mirror so it's just a
better shot all around so that's how
it's gonna work I don't want to destroy
this box so I need something like kind
of fun they ask your parents for help
kids disclaimer also choosing bows are
not sharp I'm actually applying a lot of
pressure these bows are totally safe I
think it's like for kids like for enough
I don't know don't quote me on that I
could be totally wrong might say on it
it's okay it's okay don't quote me on
that but I guess
Barbossa alrighty guys so here we go I'm
taking it all out I got the box open
let's see we got a little actual major
part of it and then we got these things
look we got all of our little flippity
floppity thingies open this up jump it
out and throw that in the box we got the
directions I'm pretty sure I know how to
make it but I'm just gonna leave these
out just for safety we got all the
ribbons ooh these are cool putting all
my trash back in the box I'll make a lot
of bows I feel like making bows tonight
so that's what I'm doing you know yeah
I'm moving this little mirror so then we
have even more space for you guys to see
what's going on all right now I got
these little rhinestone thingies the
little gems they also to have the tag in
there the signature uber tag and now the
last thing that I'm opening is the
actual physical maker thingy I think I
got a little bonus this is cool I
thought I was gonna have to build it it
comes pre-built that's fancy our T's are
now gonna get all organized don't hear
that little metal Clips over here the
tag fit jammed this little like hair
clipping thing the box over here and
then of course the official bow maker
right you guys know there's a little
storage droids can you guys see that
yeah you can't move it that's so cool
there's a little storage so you can keep
all these things in it
Oh which one do i do what do i do this
is so difficult right well it's the
first one so I think I'm gonna start
with pink because you can't go wrong and
purple because I love purple I'll do
this clear middle thing so I think step
one is you put this clear thing down in
here like that and then lift these tabs
up and then you place your ribbon inside
of here I'm just going off of what I did
that day I'm put a little things down
that you're supposed to do you're
supposed to like do that until they
click in place all right boom straighten
that out and make it look pretty and
there we go so this isn't how all the
magic happens you squeeze this little
thingy together can you see it you like
squeeze this and then it like clasp the
bow thing and then you're like pinch
this right here then you pull those out
you lift these up and bang
actually that's really cute I love this
I'm gonna do the same color clip that I
did the bow so I'm gonna do the same
color clip that I did the class you just
put that little thing in there and then
you'd go like that and that's also to
how you would put it in your hair so now
if you wanted to you can decorate it I'm
actually I'm just gonna put this little
Taggy do on it and putting a blue tag on
it and bam you got your very own at
Georgia bow that you created wow I feel
proud I'm putting this thing in hair
hold on shake that out I'm in my own
Jojo bow my own Jojo bow surprised my
very first Georgia ball that I ever made
on the bow maker I'm actually gonna be
giving away with the ps4 so imma go set
that on this I usually you guys are
turned back around because I actually
gonna wrap this up here for the day this
bow maker was actually really cool and
really fun no no I had like a blaster
like in the middle of it I was like I
tried me saying stuff cuz this is a
YouTube video so I should probably make
it like commentary on it but I was like
out having fun I was like being a kid
and just like make it a belt like it was
fun for me if you see this I believe
Toys R Us if you see this at Toys R Us
makes you pick it up right away because
a literally it's sold out I should be
real 100% honest do not think you're
gonna find it I really hope you do find
it and if you do please tag me on
instagram @ it's joy to see what this
bow maker is adorable i seriously after
oh I love it I think it's so cute and so
amazing good luck um and if you can't
find it make sure you into this giveaway
that's going on it's giving away up
here's for a lego world game at my very
first charitable that I made on this and
of course a bow maker baby whoa see you
guys on Wednesday I love you all so so
so much makes you tell five friends to
come to this channel and be sure that
they subscribe you guys and subscribe
that is the key just subscribe please if
you've watched this to the end of this
video make sure you comment down below
what your favorite color of Jojo bow is
I just want you to comment the color
either purple pink or blue and a that is
you will get double points those people
who didn't watch to the end do not gonna
know to contact and then they don't get
double points and they don't have a
higher chance of winning the giveaway so
you guys if you comment your favorite
color of bow then then guess what
i odd sorry I might take you I won't be
picking so who does that so make sure
you like you don't
I gotta I love you so much that is a
wrap on today and beasts out
the candy store
