I don't - hi everyone hi jasmine I got I
oh my gosh I are in a mess right now and
we want to do this exercise to try to
get me to just kind of be more like
energetic and just not for energetic
that's a bad way to put it kind of just
more like logs I like well like I would
watch Braxton I'm about to do my Casey
Avery woman set and they're gonna voice
on the second title I don't know why
weirdo that's like it we're just China I
let's do it my hands get really tired
I thought that was literally iconic
never you're destroying me I just did
itself all out oh wait Finn sighs I have
a hammer hi how's that how's it going oh
hello you know every time you're on the
blog I got down you're starring moments
behind huh no one's down but we just had
the most intense rizal ever Jasmine good
job guy grooves good job
Oh why's everybody rehearsals right now
I don't even know how I'm gonna get out
of here because what I will do is I'll
see you after the break if you want to
steam some fish these some vegetables
I'm Jess my hers in the background
yep all right so write down that bully
does we're about to film some videos I
owe you one on Wednesday hi
but I want to know him and repose you're
a fuzzy on wins edit you are not being
are we posting on Wednesday you just go
in it just maybe we just know the video
with you things but that just makes life
so much huh who's that little baby
okay ready friends ever I mean holy and
she's the best for about them no we
already film we just film some videos
and look out for them pulling on your
life yeah yeah oh my god so good
I know we didn't see them but tonight we
do something faster because I've slept
for one hour in the last week so maybe
something fast but we have really good
ideas for the future I think your dad's
mad at us broke again today was such a
long day let's go down the agenda of
what happened today I'm today I had
rehearsals for a very long time but then
I don't know the Kalima that like for me
that isn't work because like that's
front like she's one of my like bestest
friends in the whole wide world and
telling it's not worked me I mean yeah
like we're filming videos are like we're
working but like that's weird it's like
not work but it is I don't know how to
explain it but pose hi dog how are you
you know to tell the truth I'm not
holding a tree behind the camera says
she is not into right now oh boy you
guys I'm actually so tired and I have an
early day tomorrow and I'm just you know
it's like the biggest week of my life
I literally have so much going on this
week like the K Z J's are like Saturday
like what so that's pretty crazy but I
need to actually start thinking about
going to bed so I know this was a short
vlog but then we have it up here because
I am just I'm tired I need to go to
sleep I feed into a lot of things yet
tonight I might have outfit of this vlog
so I don't have to worry about you I
know I'm sorry but I'll see you tomorrow
which is a good thing so speaking of
seeing you tomorrow I will
