day 43 when we won does the parade 1974
pootie lovely was in this entire room
everyone yeah hey my brother he's going
to kill everyone I gave birth to and
then I live with I saw this down right
I'm gonna give away right away in the
morning but you know what you're a
little close
well you know what mom I want I want you
to do it will you do it anything I want
okay I am gonna pick I'm thinking by the
book a unicorn bow for the rainbow
sequence for the boomerang bow taking
the rainbow unicorn boy all the doodads
here hi dad
okay let's go hi how are you we still
don't have a name for her yes right now
your elf number X will come over the
name :
our lovely cutie pie cutie patooties
why is your mother
your birthday gets knocked off until
like next week so here we go happy
birthday
alright well I really want to be seeing
a combo so it's already starting out to
be a great gift
oh my oh my oh where we got this if I
was getting my DNA in it it's a real
speaker and it lights up and it changes
colors
that is awesome yo you guys you can
women both throw my JD out all you got
to do is this what's step number one you
know this by now
no I subscribe to the vlog channel dad I
do subscribe to our Channel everything
follow her on Instagram and it's Jo just
see one down below in red letters right
there ready baby red maybe white I don't
know maybe flashing maybe something okay
whatever it is comment your Instagram
and your skype and your favorite drink
drink
I know yeah right Diet Coke baby pink a
lot of fight you go down and check this
moment is my share one subscribe to this
channel don't you subscribe I'm a joke
ceramic bow me on Instagram
it's Jersey or seeing a droid get o in
follow her on Instagram that jessalyn
see what I have right there just wanna
say V phone right there you see it what
it's literally right there lime green
letters like do they see if I'm really
active on Instagram I follow people and
I like your Skype username and also to
what your favorite drink is all right
you guys now what do they got to do if
they want to find out a third the winner
300 years guy at 1 p.m. December 10 put
the egg Standard Time you don't answer
she gets the speaker I mean deal already
is going to be an ethical day not just
because shown on this gingerbread house
but just because it is my mom's birthday
it's gonna be a celebration to me
surprise everybody now it's gonna be a
great day so let's get this day going
those are getting wild and we're getting
wings we ordered like how many
appetizers like seven appetite
happy birthday cake ice cream I'm going
yeah I see some rainbow sequins back
down bucket of ice but we went shopping
for Jayden and look at this what is this
oh my goodness do I need that Jayden
it's really good yeah look really good
oh good how Christmassy I said pretty
it's so funny sorry my mom took me to
see the Rockefeller Center tree which is
like the biggest real tree artisan this
tree I mean it's not now I mean look at
it compared to me that's like that
thing's huge mom has the birthday going
amazing perfect scale of one to ten 75
it was only one to ten oh the best
birthday is a bird dad turned in you
already know for day five in a row what
are we even here for that's fun that's
cute
we're going on a mission for the dance
skin stuff the Jojo Club that I did with
them so yeah if you see it please go to
your target and see if they have it for
me yesterday we were here and the Jojo
see was singing boomerang doll or not
the boomerang daughter the target
exclusive fashion dolls lots of I'm out
price I would say 15 about like they
just put it on and now we're here today
at uh none
how cool is that coming back so they all
sold out in like one day hi guys we
always come to this target and they
never have the Georgia buddies you still
don't have it but you know what I'm
gonna prank my parents and guys guys I
found the Joe Joe bedding dead serious
look at it okay this is Hannibal did you
find your pillow I think I found it you
do that's not the food this is what's
happening right now
um this is happening first this is max
your gear will bring in him back for a
day
wait why wait for Isis Hotel for me I
don't know if you know what this is this
shirts a youth video I like an
extra-large it out but I know you're
literally a day I'm deciding to she
should wear these or not I think she
should oh I'm not sure they're coming
back for my thank-you video I'm for five
million subs which is actually out today
so I'll go check that out on my main
channel um so I my first turn myself
into max your buses reservation
one
hey you guys all I have fully
transformed into max yard so uh yo slope
yeah that sounds like magic right here
actually looks so cool I there's like a
me right behind you um but I think that
is so cool
I think I'm gonna bring me a chair back
and I'm gonna tell you why all he
requires is literally eyebrows a little
mustache a little dirt contour and life
is good that's literally it and some
hair is pretty but like this hair is
super easy and there's two little clips
on each side of hat but it's like so
he's cool
all right so now I gotta go film this
and then I'm gonna see what it's like
when I transfer me Paula Paula got a new
boy somehow on vacation she got a new
voice hi I'm goin - Paula up green here
she has green hair and pink eye shadow
difference I can I have a bite of that
sandwich I I don't want to fight anyways
I wish you'd bring all of that
why did you hear her voice let you
change me I don't know what you did but
max Jade is great though Madrid is
Lily's yeah you know they called him the
max yard against about Paulo was like
bring back bring back I will definitely
bring one of them back I don't know
which one um max sure it's way easier
Paul is way funnier what are you guys
going to stick up and be on my side I
like Paula it's just look at me I
definitely love Wallace you will always
be a part of my life literally wearing a
child medium t-shirt right now killing
the game all right yeah I'm actually I'm
walking upstairs right now I took my
lipstick off yeah Tom looks great
I don't know why his demise now I should
have not done the green note because
then I went out the shower again and I
shower and i'ma see you were like
looking like a wet dog or like a second
not literally a white dog uh hi um my
Hamill look like a human that has wet
hair and has no makeup on are you guys
well that is actually a rough one today
I'm being kind of quiet because all my
family's asleep it's like 1:00 a.m.
right now but I'm just showing my room I
just shower it as you can tell but uh
you guys you know what I'm actually
thinking about bringing Paul or Mac
shade back um you know can't really
decide which one I don't know if I want
to do both or if I want to do one or the
other so I don't know what you think I'm
down for anything honestly I didn't both
tonight and they were both really fun so
you know I'd be down to bring either of
them back so let me know what you want
oh yeah the Skype thing so I didn't
actually Skype someone today it would
been the winner of the GoPro because I'm
gonna be skyping them tomorrow with the
winner of the iPad so whoever wins the
iPad and the GoPro wins both of these so
tomorrow for me but today for you guys
technically um so yeah so you guys make
sure you watch every single one of my
videos because you might want to prize
you might win three prizes
you might win a bonus prize one edit - I
watch it's like you could always win
something so makes you come back here
every single day and even though you've
won one thing that means you can still
enter to win other things and the grand
prize the final final final giveaway is
actually going to be I'm flying four
people out to California and you're
gonna hang out with me for today again
you guys's hotel rooms and everything
it's gonna be awesome and amazing so
make sure you tell your friends it is
going to be epical you guys and the
vlogs I mean they're just awesome - but
anyways that's a wrap on today I love
you guys so so much and I'm gonna go
ahead now so uh bye
Sadie's back
