dancer dancer I can't see you how do you
say your name
Shekinah chef peanut that's a really
cool name by the way how do you
subscribe to my YouTube channels yes
have you follow me on Instagram yes and
did you like this awesome
Jojo makeover yes congratulations you
won I guess not
best part is is you get to pick whatever
you want from in my Jojo merch store you
want to come check it out yeah all right
let's go I'm bringing you in on my
computer it's a little awkward to carry
but but I'm doing it subscribe to okay
well let me set them up set you down
there for a minute but I guess set them
off somewhere so they can see what you
pick alright don't have a place to set
you I don't know if that's gonna stay
but it's right there it's probably not
gonna stay all right so do you have any
idea what you want to pick there's a lot
of things to pick from oh you want my
book that's a great choice look at it's
right there you want that awesome you
guys check it out she picked out a book
gentles got on the sidelines that strike
these haters so why'd you want to pick
out my book I love it
thank you so much that's awesome are you
excited that you want yeah I'm excited
for you say it's very awkward to carry
all these things coming back out all
right so I'm gonna hang up on these guys
are not hang up on you but I'm hanging
up on them cuz I gotta go get her
information so I can send you the prizes
guys they find these guys gonna give
yourself shout out anything oh you guys
I should just skate throwing her she was
from Denmark so that was pretty cool
anyways if you guys wanna be the one who
makes you tell three friends about my
giveaway and tell them to come here
watch these videos ask how they can win
watch the whole video to find out
anyways you guys I am gonna make you
wait until about mid block who when I
open one of those presents for you guys
because I like let you like find out
throughout the whole vlog like I got I
can't just like spoil it I mean I'd be
crazy she didn't bite yourself now yeah
she is
applause i live for the applause-plause
they will be applause god
best part about taking a bubble bath and
foam Oh yep you get the red marks we're
gonna give it something away yeah
helping the firemen I mean you're
working it out we had ashes on our boxes
outside from the fire until then he
cannot wait for you guys and exactly 1
hour and 44 minutes you are gonna be 43
years old
43 do you feel old no I feel great
really yeah that's awesome yeah when
you're out of you representing all those
1974's your Evers that did all that so
you guys I know I'm making you wait till
this end of this block to see what your
boy present come here I was looking for
this thing all day today so you know any
other days like how I walked into the
Joe trohman I was like no way so the
thing that I'm saying no way is I saw an
app that came from the North Pole
actually down to here and I was like yo
no way like III wasn't expecting it and
I would literally today all day I
couldn't talk all day I was looking for
she's watching me she needs a name what
should her name be a thing thank you to
thinking music what could her Navy it
needs to be something epic
I have an idea you do yeah what I really
don't have a constant creator right now
oh you are wait tell me tell me don't
let them hear though okay I'm not gonna
tell them yet though I'm gonna open the
gift and then I'll tell them right
that's a good idea
your name is extra right now because
that's what you do when you don't have a
name yet so uh when you approach a Santa
tonight let him know that we're working
very hard to come up with a name for you
but I need your guys's help so give it
all like my dog would get just what you
do your jacket you don't know why
because I want to give away this boat I
know let's come into it we got this
awesome jojoba I'm gonna open it
imma set it right here real or anything
it is that didn't help - it'll help
that's gonna help whoa that's weird like
this okay down with that gene you want
to open it you do he's eating chicken
and broccoli already over into our
fridge into the fridge picked up chicken
and broccoli this whole cooking vessel
that you want to open this your music
oh no 28 gigabyte I pad Mini 4 I'm sorry
that's dance iPad Mini is cool but you
know what would make it even cooler if I
gave you this box of iPad Mini and you
want me to tell you why I'm giving you
this box with it once you take this a
really awesome bow out and this little
Mir thing you can fit the exact case
size in the box put the little Mir thing
down there ask around so you're not only
getting this awesome iPad Mini it's also
singing me wearing box that you cannot
get anywhere else now because it was
only sold on QVC and I got a little hair
on my dresser
whoa all you gotta do is follow these
few simple easy steps to win this
giveaway
subscribe to this YouTube channel
there's a little red subscribe button is
right down there someone go clicking
there are you subscribe to my major
it's Johnny will or the link is down in
the description subscribe there no
cheating no my palm Anna's room right
there you see it's literally right there
hot pink letters now look at it it's a
purple Leonard now look at it is the
lime green letters right there step
number four comment down below your
Instagram username your skype username
and also too this is what my mom told me
this is the secret what do you guys
think that else name should be so we
have alpha number ax out there we don't
know what to name her where's me him
whatever you has a side let me know some
names did you guys like down below and
we'll see what and we end up pick and
roll up I know tomorrow if she's back
hopefully she's back I really ever
excited about this I love it
you guys let's go check this one single
more tight one subscribe this channel to
subscribe to my channel follow me on
Instagram right there blue letters it's
your Co step number four comment down
below your Instagram username your skype
username and also to what you think the
elf's name should be you guys now if you
want to find out if you are the window
here's what I need you to do tomorrow
December 9th it's a Saturday be on your
Skype account at 1 p.m. 1 p.m. 1 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time California if you
don't know where that is please ask your
parents because you guys you miss the
sky
cube sad music at 1 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time on Saturday December 9th I
saw my I again but be honest never got
to find out if you are the winner of
this awesome giveaway oh I almost shot
that down it'll make you make sure if
you don't want sky visitor you don't
have someone off this thing in my eyes
Willi bugging me ask your parents for
their help make sure it's ok with them
all these things and yes I'm skyping the
winner 1 p.m. Pacific Standard Time on
Saturday December 9th it's going to be
great you didn't run out of your the
word about this awesome stuff I'm gonna
wrap it up here for the day I love you
guys just as so much makes you enter my
giveaway make sure you tell five friends
about my giveaway tomorrow five single
friends one two three four five how many
subscribers I have on one feature
awesome - I'm gonna have to be filming
an epic video from having children which
you guys are gonna love oh my that will
be coming out on Saturday and it is
gonna be a big thank you for five
million sounds oh no you stay here I
love you guys so much and thank you for
that oh I know that is a battle bugs I
love you guys so much it was you
tomorrow and while I see your eyes
because I think I'll walk every single
day I don't even know what I'm saying
anymore boom
