by YouTube rewind 2017 and I was like
you know what
it is entirely I guess you're like good
glad your don't hit on me I literally I
woke up at 8 a.m. today and you'll see
why I woke up at 8 a.m. there's terrible
fires going on in California that was
kind of a scare in our neighborhood but
anyways you guys like I'm wearing the
same shirt as yesterday but I changed my
pants so that is a cola chief I mean I'm
in the blue and red room right now check
it out Merry Christmas Happy Hanukkah
all those time we celebrate joy and
Cheer yeah let me show you what happened
this morning there's terrible California
wildfires going on right now but I got
with it five to two miles that within
our house so it is very very very close
to us
so yeah check that out first of all good
morning to every single sorry I know how
you guys doing today I know I'm not
really serious a lot but this is good
time to be serious so uh if you're aware
of what's going on right now in
California have a 0% contained it
started I think yesterday it's bad it
could be getting pretty close to my
house so uh we might have to evacuate
today we might not first of all if you
have been affected by the California
fires
um I can't even imagine what I'm going
through I mean I'm sorry
a-and you know be it's gonna be a really
really rough time but just stay positive
and you know look forward and not
backwards you don't really know what's
gonna happen and I've never really like
been in a situation where you know that
it could but you don't know when I
remember one time my apartment complex
the fire alarms are going off when I
used to live there there's like right
right and it was like before um oh by
the way it's like eat 11:00 right now
and my mom like with me up at 7:00 NGOs
like we're just gonna like get up and
get ready and like so packing and all
this stuff if it hits you guys will know
because I'm obviously it's not that it's
about vlogging and making content for
you guys like that's not even kind of
what it is it's more or less like it's
about showing you guys what it could be
like and like I'm gonna be if anything
going through something like scary and
you know you some people have to go
through this and if you don't know what
to do then you might be able to like
look in what I do I don't know I'm just
trying to like figure out what my life
is today because you know I couldn't
weeks I'll be crazy she's crazy to think
about um so yeah that's the situation
for the day hi
so I'm just kind of like chill getting
ready um kind of quickly just you know
for picking my time and brought a huge
rush like it literally has could 0% hit
us or could like him look it's weird to
explain where it's at there was a little
map I live like right next to in so you
know it's like Sherman Oaks Encino right
and it was like this little map and it
was like what if fires were and it was
like drawn out and then you were like to
see anything on it so yeah that's my
life what's yours yes it's gonna be a
good day today
if nothing happens Bobo is having her
photo shoot today we might end up
postponing it just for safety because
all the people live in like a really
safe area and we don't want them to have
to drive out here where it's not so safe
all right well that's all I want to tell
you guys self oh by the way I have it on
my TV right now it's it's so sad I'm
gonna have to turn it off it's literally
so so sad I mean like I'm trying to stay
aware of it with the TV but it's just
it's terrible
all right open this pretty much in the
beginning of everybody but I've never
made you really wait till the end you
under watch my wall walk before you get
to see what the giveaway is but you guys
that we've had so many injuries from the
giveaways like it's so awesome and now I
am going to take you because that was my
almost yeah but she's my cookies in the
oven and they're gonna burn and I don't
like my food before and she doesn't go
take the cookies out it's gonna be very
bad I still can't get over how like it's
just so adorable like I seriously I
can't even on it's like - I feel like
something's different about my house
today I don't know it just it kind of
feels weird it feels different I don't
know maybe like okay like I don't know
it just it is weird to explain but it
just feels like there's like magic in
the air that's a really good way to put
so that's literally what it feels like
and it's the weirdest thing ever like I
can't even explain it it's so weird like
it do you feel it too mom yeah it's I
did not like a weird presence but like a
presence of some sort I know Steve is
gonna be using it's not confusing me
it's private music to you anyways you
guys the Skype calls actually gonna
happen in like
five minutes in my video enjoy your
staff is going up in five minutes oh my
god
oh this guy's happening in five minutes
roomie it's gonna happen on one sponge
ah time card for you I need to lay down
we're gonna go find the winner of this
Apple watch and this jojomo right now
I'm on the first version right now
hopefully the answer I can't see you
kids wait your choice
oh my god I try to find it oh hi hi can
you see me now yes hi hey what's your
name
we need to pull their goal that's
awesome all right
so have you subscribed my youtube
channel yes and have you follow me on
Instagram yes congratulations you won
the Apple watch anyone that's awesome
jojomo I mean it's pretty cool the curly
ribbon comes off but it's pretty cool
yeah are you mr. inator yes yeah say hi
to these people hey guys he ate your
subscribe oh yeah yeah you should well
I'm gonna shut this little thing y'all
because you guys don't get to know her
information but I'm gonna get your
address make examine stuff you yay are
you guys I'm doing a surprise bonus day
and I'm actually going to people and I'm
giving away two Apple watches today baby
pretty epic huh so yeah I'm actually
going to prizes so it's pretty epic okay
yeah yeah all right today
yes one day this is a pilot only cool
all right so I gotta tell you something
really exciting okay today I am doing a
bonus giveaway and so you commented on
my YouTube video where I was giving away
the Apple watch right did you comment on
there and so today I'm doing a bonus
giveaway I am giving away another Apple
watch and you watch winner and you also
see with this really awesome pink jojoba
I mean that's pretty cool too are you
excited yes all right so now do you want
to say anything to these people in here
they're pretty cool not on you I'm not
hanging up on you but I'm gonna hang up
on you guys cuz I gotta go get her
information for this oh are you guys
well that was fun I'm just I'm really in
the mood to do a little bonus giveaway I
was like you know what I feel like doing
two today and so that's what I did I'm
giving away two watches ah Dre is
actually cooking us dinner because we're
kind of stuck inside all day because of
the fires you're not supposed to go
outside and breathe air but literally
look at this you can you can see our
pool I don't know if you can see but
it's like black like the ashes from it
it's like brown it's really really bad
but look at this Center search inside
all day my mom made us food check this
out look over here we got some spaghetti
cooking up some but but daddy is that
technically CDs and spaghetti noodle
okay babe they jumped me in the car my
mom put the pig yells at me in chief
revoir mommy and okay I would I would
send it back to my mom now okay well
that was something that Bobo has me to
do we were literally sitting here and
she was like hey mom can I belong and I
was like sure whatever you want to do
dog but on our way to target right now
I'm a full wardrobe change did you have
a wardrobe change your mom I had a full
full wardrobe change chant pants I mean
I had it stuff all over my pants I found
all of them excuse you what are you
doing
but really what are we going to target
for long I didn't need like two things
no hay guinea rhinos then I know why
little target shopper what you're doing
here Heinz a big target shopper you
don't want me to go tonight
cheesecake factory oh let's do it Oh
sounds good so we're at Target currently
a last time I was here is when I brought
on my giveaway stuff I wonder if Sam's
here today oh we didn't have a serious
talk for a second
so you're over-singing I have 20 25
million followers right 1 million of
those are the vlog Channel right as I
was just thinking a lot of people that
know me hi they'd they'd shoot shoes if
Angie was like um they don't they don't
know about my giveaway I think a lot of
people in this world do not know that I
am doing a huge gigantic giveaway so
here's what I need from you guys you
ready I need you to whatever you're
doing right now I need you to tell three
friends just think of all every single
one of you told three friends do you how
many more people could enter these
awesome giveaways say I wonder if yeah
yeah this one Sammy is the relative
order boys I think I think that you
should you should tell five friends
tomorrow no I mean if you don't want to
you don't have to but but I think you
should I think you just tell five
friends about my giveaway you tell them
Jack this boy yeah oh yeah oh they only
got hey wait Danny none of the singing
grooming dolls that means they sold up
to goal achieved look at what they got
take out the jojoba beanie okay you can
have a beanie
look at Bob's hold on not too actually I
can just bite a whatever it's fun check
this out hey they have the judge our
underwear my favorite thing ever but um
B I never told you guys this I'm
actually really excited to tell you this
so yeah before I got off topic what I
was trying to explain you is that the
underwear out of all of these people who
make like pretty much all of these on
America see like they're like all the
same brand I'm their number one best
seller
thank you guys for buying Jojo underwear
kind of sound rude but uh thanks also to
other number one best sellers the my
life doll the my life to all in Walmart
the Barbie doll the singing boomerang
one in Walmart Target was number one
girls bedding and number two overall so
that's like really really amazing
there's a shirt at Kohl's that's number
one and girls shirts are you good but my
book Georgia got a sweet life was number
one kids book in October oh yeah my new
book is sold out on Amazon
um the the bows are the number one
bestseller in Claire's and justice right
yeah
they are I mean number one in my mind
and everything else out there is
obviously number one in my mind I may
not be technical number one but it is
number one of my my said uh yeah now
we're gonna go get some Christmas stuff
in I gotta go get more secretive stuff
so I need ice cream here in my pocket
you know John I'm doing really good you
want it you want it you take it out of
there look at what she did you guys her
arm is out of her shirt oh boy I gotta
fix that there's the treat
she's just being way too cute right now
I just got some super-secret Christmassy
things that some people are gonna know
about actually you guys don't know about
it pretty sick to guys tomorrow is my
mom's last day of being
2742 like the musical 42nd Street yes
that's you know really five six seven
eight got the depth so doesn't get the
death the death the death the song are
spiders crying and there was a perfect
circle hip hop I love her so this is
literally what every trip to target is
like for me every trip
I just got a massage you did not see
that but um yes that is the situation
and my little red thing he's popping out
again but it's okay guys so you should
just put out YouTube rewind 2017 and I
was like you know what I want to react
to it so uh let's go rewind it's number
one on trending right now to which is
like crazy among clearly and Liza
fun and so easy so nobody on no Pepito
Pepito sorami Oh bitches betters that's
a thing that's cool that's a really cool
that's a really really cool oh my god I
forgot about that
oh I'll get close kz nice that that's
funny world is gonna roll me there's
like my parents not right now but it's
not
I don't think this trade was a 20-17 was
it well YouTube got serious that's a
first
all over dailies still waiting for you
Ken they're not in theirs what is it
it's really trotted out there that
awesome teeth Oh Logan
that's what it oh god backpack in good
funny I love about that kid
so this is all in it oh hey oh and hey
oh okay cool mashallah yeah you know I
have one thing to say you two uh thanks
for the invite to it oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah
you don't even invite to every birthday
party there is in the world you don't
need an invite every thing in the world
and just remember when it comes around
make us much choice it's my advice for
you for the day I don't back it up here
for the day you know you know I didn't
get an invite into this YouTube rewind I
still support it I still support YouTube
it is obviously I mean you guys know I
love YouTube so much and uh it is
definitely one hard reset one of my
favorites uh-huh and invite was sort of
a nice up next year invite me if anyone
from you to tears onto this you know
it's fine I could clear my schedule for
you it'd be great I mean doing a lot of
crazy things doing things that no one
else is doing so yeah I'd be fun but
yeah guys so that is my life anyways I'm
just gonna say one more time though I
stay still loving YouTube of course oh
wait I gotta get my yep for today hang
on we gotta go do that you know today is
just a day to give this little thing
away and you wouldn't know why I want to
give this thing away because I really
like this bow this is the Claire's
holiday dazzle collection so fancy huh
come on you're on we're gonna take this
bow off so whoever wins is you were
gonna win then bro which is awesome and
those curling ribbon music what is it is
it something cool is it a big what is it
this is a good GoPro this is actually my
favorite girl part I have a lot dopers
and this one's my favorite guys you
could get a brand new GoPro in an
awesome sign jojoba and all you gotta do
is step one subscribe you step to
subscribe to our main channel linked
down in the description step doing full
moon is gonna it's joy to see you see
it's right there and lime green letters
it's like looking right there yeah okay
follow me on instagram right there it's
just your number
comment down below your skype username
and your Instagram username and awesome
what's your favorite food from
McDonald's down below your Instagram
username your skyping username if you
don't know ask your parents ask them to
help you set it up it's good there's a
good user name Skype username and also
to comment down below your favorite food
from McDonald's so yes that is all
you've got to do to win this goal with
jugglers one more time so number one
subscribe to this channel is big red
subscribe button write it down don't
know it you just come to my channel it's
sure to Stevens link is down in the
description
don't follow me on instagram it's Joe to
see it's right there number four comment
down below your instrument music name
your skype username and your favorite
foods from McDonald's and then you guys
I use a man's got a 1 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time again ask your parents if
you don't know what that is and then you
guys I'm gonna be skyping the winner at
1 p.m. Pacific Standard Time to sever a
if you miss the call though the costs of
war novels and nuts that's sad real
because you could be the winner so now
here's the thing you guys I want take
you in this Yoda room because we got
this new piece of Georgia March and it
is amazing your body ready for this come
in here
