today cause for celebration baby oh man
you guys well I am actually I'm on my
computer right now okay I I did start a
little bit ago I had to scroll through
comments I did in my defense start at 1
o'clock it's 1 or 2 right now I'm about
to start skyping people hopefully again
the first person will answer anyways you
guys so I'm going to try to Skype this
very first person her name I believe is
Kylie and hopefully she answers is grass
I love this ringtone
hi wait I can't see you there it is
hi you can how you okay to be on my vlog
hey you got a jojo bow on handi charger
shirt on
actually wait I think I have that bow I
have it is not the one from the
subscription box yeah I have it right
here literally I well I just wanted to
call you your name is Kylie right Kaylie
oz+
I was close give me give me points I was
close Kaylie I wanted to call you to let
you know that you have won vlogging it
so you are you gonna become a blogger
you do blogging Jimmy YouTube I remember
that we we do you um have a youtube
channel no it's fine
most people shouldn't be that's awesome
so you can take some really cool
pictures on this thing you also to one
this green Jojo bow are you excited yeah
is there anything you want to say to
these people they're pretty cool I mean
anything yeah thank you
did you think you were gonna win no well
you did is that your sister
by she's so cute
I'm a hang-up on not on you I'm not
hanging up on you I'm gonna hang up on
you guys because I gotta go get all her
information so I can send her this
awesome camera so we're playing hide and
seek and I can't find Jojo I've looked
through the whole house
I've literally been looking for like ten
minutes I just want to get this vlog
started and I mean today I do didn't
even notice something you guys whip on
let me take my shoes off so they can
really notice something by the way I
don't know how is this all right
good morning to every single soon a
difference out there this entire little
with high head ruin a good celebration
baby because look at all my charger we
have on here
I got a bracelet I got a hoodie I got a
t-shirt I got some joggers checked out
that Jojo Jojo and I got some socks you
guys heard a little thirty right now go
number one you get this awesome your
calendar which I'm gonna sign that's
pretty cool with all these little things
just this what I think it is no way baby
give that I mean so far maybe not my
all-time but this is one of my favorite
and you want me to show you why it's my
famous cuz check this out you get a
really cool Joyner shoot kick that if
you're a giant like me you look like
this in the airports inside of your okay
so you write like Jojo what is that some
tattoos if you shared some stickers like
what no no you're not even ready so yeah
you get this awesome jojomo t-shirt I
mean that it's pretty cool oh that's my
size - we could be like twins and not
only do you get these awesome Joe
drummers leggings which like a sleeve
dance all day every day
I love these you get some awesome Jojo
stickers and 200 temporary tattoos
having halloween costume there is out
there it was the number one seller at
Walmart not this exact run but the
little blue on with the bomber
or I guess the bomber was like that I
had like bloom peaking on the back of it
and then it was like a little pink skirt
and then like the little blue shirt yeah
that was another one seller in girls
costumes that wall my like : you guys
everybody all right Jojo a little
costume and then you get your mouth
ready you ready listen to come back with
boomerang I can be ready that's pretty
you have a kid you get an awesome
bullets inside there but not only you
get all that you get some Georgia lip
gloss
some more judge the lip glosses I Jojo
hair brush a Jojo another awesome jojo
jojo pose I mean Jojo earring and
necklace set
oh yeah I sold on QVC I say with this
thing so you know pretty cool thing in
the old Halloween costume you I don't I
mean again don't quote me on this I
don't know if you can still get it I'm
pretty sure you can I mean I can't still
get all my Halloween stores are all sold
out of Johto costumes pretty typical
would you get these awesome really cool
Joe turbos and this really cool genre
brush I mean literally this is just epic
these tattoos you literally cannot find
anywhere we did like I think it was some
Nickelodeon event and they gave these
out who's better
like literally cannot get these anywhere
as it now you might be able to the
teacher but you can't get rid of now I
got word that they were free to birthday
Matt I want for my mom play yeah
seriously you get some really awesome
Joe drummers in here and now you guys
I need to come into the Jojo room and I
need to tell you guys something really
awesome like how you can win this so yea
foas me come with me yeah so that dad
that my dog food on and I'm very proud
of and then other some boxes because
that is stuff that was shipping out to
people and you guys let me tell you
something this box is like a Jojo
makeover
it's literally like head to toe and Jojo
and you know what I want to do I want to
add one more thing you know what I want
to add I'm gonna add some bracelets to
there I think I should add these look
how cute their they say dance it out
they say see you inator I'm DeLeon a
days I don't put them on my wrists for
right now boo I go back out there I'm
gonna add them because they're so cute I
love them so much can I ask something
yeah you can add something oh I had that
bow that you can color I like that one
oh you want to add this wine oh and you
guys you're under something really cool
whoever the winner of this specific
giveaway is I'll be skyping them
tomorrow December 7th at 1 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time
but you guys guess what listen to this
listen closely I am actually going to be
bringing them in rather on the Skype
call into this exact room and they are
going to pick one thing of their very
own choice
what about anything in the room if
there's like something that I have worn
out of all these I can so you get like
this c18 or style set only got one up so
I know I'm sorry it's off-limits but
there's a lot of thing I mean there's a
lot that is not off limits and back to
you so I am gonna tell you guys
something really cool so you know I am
like in head-to-toe Jojo March and that
kit is kind of like head to toe Jojo
Berg so you guys you don't you gotta do
if you want to enter this giveaway to
win the head to toe Jojo makeover show
no I subscribe to this YouTube channel
there's like a little red button down
there somewhere Selma do subscribe to my
main channel the link is down in
description or just go to that little
search thing up there and okay it's Jo
just you or just George Cyr and it'll
come right up subscribe there
Oh miss Graham see it's right there it's
in hot pink letters literally right
there do you see it
follow me right there on instagram
owners from army that's pretty much my
handle everywhere else but follow me
there on Instagram okay adding something
into step number four so not only do I
have to comment down below your Skype
username where you can be reached out 1
p.m. Pacific Standard Time on the
December 7th
not only do you have to come in your
instagram username you have to comment
your favorite piece of Jojo Marsh now
listen this could be anything from the
plane into the headphone said the dog
the Barbie drops on the book to the
other book to the other one just tear
the bus bro dansgame to the boat club to
the poet's to all of the most the
calendars to the to the microphone to
the touring boat to the little tchotchke
thing is anything that you guys love I
need you to comment it down below you're
fit comedy that's a word but but God
it's down below and opt are gonna be
picking the winner spot intro I like
long intros but this is kind of
entertaining wasn't it it was
entertaining narrating this day the
thing is that happen today was so fun
the very first thing that I did today I
had a singing lesson I was like no
that's not what I was like I was
actually like I would come back like a
boomerang they go better fastest jeongae
yes see I ain't just did Tucker catch me
if you can do a check that out well oh
well guess what I'm doing friends I'm
going to say lesson are you excited I'm
excited
get up get you my vocal coaches my mom
no no no my vocal coach your name is
actually Liz Lewis she's amazing I gotta
go minutes obviously I don't really care
about what they say
I'm come back
ah thank you so yeah that's it that's
just there what you just thought was a
time lapse of me singing my song one
time because it was like last time that
I did it I did that have an I went out
with my hair and makeup artist Diana and
we went jog clothes shopping and I was
afraid dies and that brought us back
here and I showed you the dark clothes
so check that out I don't know if you
know this or not but Bobo has a photo
shoot tomorrow I have to do some photo
shoot about but it's mainly Bobo's photo
shoot so we're out right now I'm with
Diana my mom would you like go get her
nails on so I'm okay with Diana and we
are finding it Bobo excuse me Bobo a
whole bunch of cute self cute clothes
cute collars keep toys
I'll keep things well you know a few of
these little doe-eyed chase either we're
gonna hear it or get your over to talk
clothes I mean come on this is the
cutest thing like that thing I mean it's
just oh my god this is really after
bubble bath time for work guys are just
so excited I literally love this store
and they got little dog goes in the back
and it's just these little things are
Hey
I mean and now look at this dog store
where I stand up from dogs right now
this place looks adorable I am so
excited I don't know if they're gonna
let me vlog in here cuz this is kind of
like a fancy retard store but we'll find
out in a second
oh so we are currently at this place
it's called get shave and now this place
is amazing it but it's look at this in
here so good are you guys but we're
gonna get some shaved ice I'll show you
it when I get I mean sharing this thing
I've already ate like no not having it
I've it in like two bites in it we
actually back home from either but we're
shopping for only Bobo it's closed and
you guys this happened I mean look at
this you guys look at we got all the
bones ready and laid out parties all
your sequins or a cute little extras
like all her leashes or collars whatever
those things are all her holiday clothes
hit all over cute clothes and you guys
so you know I like Dodger person little
look at this little jumper I mean is
just heaven do you love it pop oh my
gosh I love it I love it as much as I
love and hip hop know yesterday we were
talking about dances and there's a few
cancers that's every child eaten under
dozen their dance and the presence moon
all their dances right alright so sir
coming from this side let me show them
my dancers so the first one is and
hip-hop and Jimmy let's go sherry in the
skirt
Oh a leg hold I can't do it anymore but
yeah but there's I got this is just
everything right Nick this is just
really dope on soon I mean whatever time
I can't I literally can't
let's go you guys all our clothes I need
a little just so cute so y'all gonna see
more of her close to a while in summer
holiday close it is epic
but you guys so we're actually we're
doing a holiday and I mean it's like an
all-round shoot for her tomorrow but
some holiday stuff and one of the shots
is requiring a gingerbread house now you
already know your girl Joe well she's
gonna be making a gingerbread house I'm
rushed to making this generic one but
boy oh boy am I excited and I'm gonna be
using a hot glue gun because I need it
to stay really really nicely I'm don't
do that at home though so yeah here's an
epic time-lapse of me making dogs every
gingerbread house ever
you guys you guys you guys that
gingerbread house was awesome wasn't it
I know right I'm not done with it yet Oh
fire continued tomorrow anyways you guys
we got an awesome day ahead of us book
tomorrow
I'd love you guys so so so much makes
you stay tuned every single day because
I am a flowing every day being doing a
huge giveaway every single day so see
tell your friends tell your friends come
here come to with ha happiness is
awesome yeah that's where you're gonna
come I need you guys I noticed a lot of
people are copying my mushroom my merch
shop you know who you are
ah but you know I just need to say
something this will forever be the
original merch shop no matter who
creates it this will always be original
it can be copied but never duplicated I
love you guys so much other
gonna live the trees like a candy queen
like a candy queen this
