you know delighted here that means you
guys know the situation for the day is
it was kind of Oh going too fast going
too fast it was kind of another lazy day
today but you know actually a few fun
things happen today so uh let's go over
with the fun things that happened but um
before you get into those fun things I
didn't tell you guys something so first
of all I did some math and you guys I
would say blogging I'm not a blogger I'm
a vlogger I've been saying like as you
can tell by my intro that it's been a
hundred and eighty-seven I think this is
a no this was 88 188 no maybe this is a
said I don't know one of those but
apparently I didn't mess it I counted I
counted from the - started - now I am
Monday to 132 what I know right so
really my intro and it's not putting
that 187 180 - I had this idea I am deep
thoughts in my brain like basically what
happens is every day I wake up and
something just comes to my mind I don't
why but just just happened I don't
understand it either the thing that came
to my brain today it was you know I kind
of want to have a sound effects day so I
said any time I do this or this boy
yeah it's just gonna happen because the
idea that I had watches watch it watch
are cool am i can make my body make
sounds ready for this I mean the dabbing
noises everything was this today but
these sound effects I got to go
throughout this whole vlog just for the
fun of it because I just really have
enjoying it and I know you are enjoying
it too you guys actually happened today
is i Skype the giveaway winner of
yesterday's giveaway technically and
right now what is owning is yes I am
still in a onesie and I am loving every
single moment of it anyways there's my
alarm hello hello telling me it's one
o'clock have a ghost story skiving
people for the day to know who the
winner is of the headphone giveaway
which I have right here okay these
people are calling me it's just like
trying to vlog here well yes check this
out we got the headphones just hanging
out right there you can get the purple
beads and the pink Nick Cannon
headphones you guys we're about to go
find someone who is going to be taking
these awesome things and they're gonna
have them give one of their friends or
just keep both of them whatever they
feel like doing all right let's do it
alrighty so I'm calling right now is her
name is Maisie miles and she commented
on the YouTube video oh oh I think she's
answering I can't see you can you see me
yeah I can see you no no I can't
hi are you okay to be on my blog hi guys
this is your name Maisie right are you
crying don't cry it's a happy thing or
is it or is a happy cry oh really have
you guys well guess what I am calling
you to tell you that you have won the
headphones
so you ain't both of these awesome
headphones are you excited you excited
you awesome I love it I'm excited you
are but well congratulations you want to
pull these guys she just wanted me to
say hi to my blog said hi to I'd say hi
to it said hi hey are you a simulator or
your sea retainer yeah of course our
zombies show my camera off now and then
I need your address so I can send these
to you hey my we don't offer information
that we need and we're ready to write it
run are you excited
me too I'm very excited for you well
congrats you guys are awesome headphones
so excited about us also oh my goodness
I love that I love when people are just
happy and excited like she was literally
crying that was just amazing and I just
I don't love you guys so much with the
gingerbread room pretty cute huh my
friend
you guys you know these people they're
my friends hey gumdrop so how's it going
today
I love these a little ankle thing
scrunchies as you have on hey I gotta go
check them with snowballs no boy your
boy not gender-specific
i you know you're being awesome like
look at that price tag let's just hide
that solon you know okay oh sorry sorry
alright P no she didn't die shouldn't
die you should so here guys back on
topic of what's actually going on today
so you guys giveaway and oh oh
but give away me and if you don't love
me it's fine I love you so you guys
let's get serious for a minute the most
epic giveaway yet
don't you think buddy yeah buddy think
is the most epic giveaway yeah but he
said to him the contest is messin to
find out what the giveaway prize of the
day is check it out so this little thing
that I have here is the giveaway of the
day oooo the bow came off whatever it's
fine I was like you know what I want to
do this up in my room today because like
why not so yeah check this out you got
this really really cool little blue bow
similar to the bow that I have in a
house these yellow curly things on it
and you know it's cool and then we have
this little boom box it's a rectangle
it's skinny it's been coming it's coming
it's like a Speed Racer
what is this yo check it out you guys
whatever there's a little tape over it
you can't really see it but it put it if
it is Apple watch ya see that Apple
watch you watch listen can you hear it
I'm good here
seriously though an Apple watch you guys
this thing is pretty friggin epic so you
better know the jail by now but if you
do not know the drill by now it is okay
makes you subscribe right now umm and
then you couldn't hear the drill cuz I'm
gonna tell you after you subscribe I'm
not gonna tell you there's any subscribe
not telling you tell you subscribe go
subscribe go go subscribe there's a red
button down there have you done it
you subscribed alright cool no tell you
how you can bring this awesome thing so
you guys really quickly if you want to
win this Apple watch all you gotta do is
a couple of steps so me wanna win this
bad boy Apple watch which I am actually
like obsessed in it I bought Apple
watches I wish I had one I should get
one then we could be like twins Oh
that'd be fun we could be twins
just about one of you wanna win is all
you gotta do is focus so sing number one
that you need to do step number one is
subscribe to this channel it's
definitely to subscribe to my main
channel the link is down in the
description joke number three follow me
instruments right there do you see it
you see it
we're like literally like right around
this area it's at its joy to see what
you follow me there and then the very
last step is you got a comment down
below your Instagram username okay my
last step is comment down below your
Instagram username in your Skype
username solids and if you don't have a
Skype account go create one and then
comment down below username also to ask
for your parents permission and for your
parents help with setting up your Skype
account this thing is getting in my way
let's go down the checklist one more
time so step number one subscribe to
this channel she'll know where to
subscribe to my main channel it's Jordan
see where Georgia see bud link in the
description yeah so number three follow
me on his grandma it's Georgia see would
you see it it's like right there it's
pretty awesome isn't it comment down
below your Instagram username and your
Skype username again ask your parents
they they will know us Skype is they
will know how to set you up and you'll
be all good to go
are you guys and so now here is how
you'll find
if you are the winner of this specific
giveaway so tomorrow which will be
Wednesday December 6 I am so excited I'm
going to be skyping the winner at 1 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time you don't know
again as far as 1 p.m. California US
times Pacific Standard Time that's like
the technical but it's California if you
don't know ask your parents they'll know
or ask Siri see she tends to know or you
can ask your Google like the okay Google
or you could ask Alexa I mean all those
peoples right now I'm it'd be on your
Skype account at 1 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time on Wednesday December 6 also too
I'm uploading an awesome video on
Wednesday December 6 jodas used with
joey graceffa like we made holiday slime
I'm actually like so excited like that's
how excited I am literally so yeah so
make sure you stay tuned for that video
on Wednesday for Jody's use of pretty
epic you guys are gonna love it
and yeah let's go down to our checklist
one more time of what you got doing I
can win this awesome Apple watch and
that's awesome bow with the curly ribbon
thingy
Oh answer I'm gonna be signing this
about so you could win that too let's
get back on topic Joelle
if you don't know Charles my real name
okay back on topic Joey if you didn't
know Joanie is my middle name back on
topic what was the topic kind of forgot
it says go to this channel step number
two subscribe to my main channel step
number three nor this squeaky chair back
on topic
step number three yeah follow me on
instagram at its Geneseo see it's right
there step number four comment down
below you is gonna be username your
skype username and then kind of step
number five counts starting off sup
number five just like I could win though
so it's like kind of lose kind of like I
don't know how to explain it
Peter's got the count at one o'clock
Pacific Standard Time on Wednesday
December 6 I'm gonna be skyping the
winner telling you that you won so that
I can get all your information so I can
send this baboon to you do you future
Georgia actually yeah that it would be
future Georgia for me past Georgia for
you because like she would have seen her
in the back on Tyler can you jo-jo
off-topic garage trying to explain you
guys back on topic for me what's the
zombies whatever it doesn't matter what
the topic was my girlfriend okay okay
let me introduce you first this is Kyra
and this is Jill and this is Holly and
this is Ashley and then you come up here
and this is Kalani and this is Kendall
and this is Britt and this is Nia right
pretty cool I don't know how they all
somehow matched my friend's name I mean
it's kinda weird why doesn't matter
sound effects so let me get one thing
straight I say my dog is really cute all
over the time like I'm telling you I
literally say it all the time I'm like
oh but but this this is a whole nother
level of Cuba I can't you guys this is
the cutest I've ever said look at it
okay you guys look at pigtails and her
hair she actually she doesn't hate it as
much as I thought she was gonna but she
doesn't look so now here's the thing I
say my dog just it all the time just
look at this I'm seriously I can't and
let me just say these sounds like so far
they're Great Purge a lot of things
which means getting rid of not like the
movie approach like that's scary but
it's like getting rid of things and
donating and just like clearing out
space basically so basically the cactus
that look at clean I mean beautiful and
then way to set it or not my brother and
dad are moving down to California like
what so they haven't been living just
goes on very much to you they haven't
actually been living with us for the
past
two and a half three years I know right
not to a nap three it's three and a half
four actually just got confirmation from
my mom who's buying yeah right now he
won't be on camera because a lazy day
that's our dad they're moving out here
in January which like we're so excited
for because we haven't like actually
live together like most normal families
so it's gonna be great we're all gonna
be a family they're gonna be on the
vlogs obviously every day um was a
storage closet for me Edie
today and yesterday and the day before I
had to move every single thing out of
this room look at this look at this
energy all my stuff was in there empty
all that I was in there like technology
thingies is it empty his clothes his
shirt and shorts his shirt
I mean empty this just has like four
things in it that's that's nothing
blacks are jaded if you're watching this
I don't know what your spell enchanted
if you watching this you better be
really nice record all these wasn't it
took a lot away anyways so therefore I
did in my room - I really organized so
I'm going to show you guys a little bit
of it just some of the awesome creative
things I came up with ignore my bed
because don't feel like making it
because it takes so much effort to make
and I only make it what I really really
have to do or what I really really want
to and I've been cleaning and working
for a really long time so she wasn't a
new boy but check this out come on I
know you took your pigtails now you do
good with whatever up here because we
were eating in so she just hangs out
here thanks my manager Karen she gave me
this little bow bow thing for her
birthday and gave her more toys as
you've touched as their own choice for
those they would flush is emitting like
was it whatever spotless this thing is I
got all my organization look it up top
it's all organized all my children were
all more Jojo Marge I mean Jake is Oh
right that'll go in Jamaica I mean
beautiful next up we got all this joy to
grow again but it's all my camera stuff
pretty cool
next up we got all my party streamers
wait wait wait come on come on come on
they stay connected easy clean up
anyways
down here we got a lot of Jojo raffles a
YouTube video is coming soon
that's I have so many of those that's
like my new to be stuff if I need like
stuff for a video like my slime
ingredients for the holiday slime videos
I'm doing coming out on Wednesday with
yourself and pretty soon with Miranda
sings um anyways so that's in there too
down here we got my head like my horse a
head way but I got a new record and I
got a chicken button down here we have
all my prank supplies I don't want
things down there those are bombs but
wait for it wait but the last thing that
I possibly need okay take this thing
away from me
this thing goes in there somehow oh my
gosh that's my yodeling pickle in there
wait Bert makeup beautiful I'm so proud
of that
okay keep going brushes check out these
really cool jeredy brushes I mean you
can just love those like I do we got all
my like straighteners and curlers and
stuff and then on my hair ties now we
got like all my lotion II stuff in like
cleansing things all my hair in tints
all that I press my hair so yeah that's
fun
and then yeah we got all my extra things
like my youtube notebook again just man
I don't have a home
great Diana if you're watching this
you're gonna love this look at I
straightened your hair to that you put
in my hair I was really bored today so I
felt like straining anyway wait a second
we're almost done so India we got all
those little dog treats and stuff and
then over here look at all the boys
little weight hello hello I love you so
much yes I do you want to put your
jacket on no okay wait you're gonna love
it when you see how cute it is though
just imagine what they will pay of it I
love you I love you okay okay I'm sorry
we'll let you go now hey hi hi can you
dig a hole big hole big hole you go dig
it dig it dig it come on there you go
and Bo the last thing these things these
things through scented it's the most so
good hey any of you guys we have some
really cheap things so there's this
YouTube channel it's called what's up
mom's
I want to make you much of it is it
basically this channel that does DIYs
and it's for moms with kids at the age
of 4 but I think it's hilarious that I
love it so they use this thing called
washi tape I knew what this was but I
didn't know I had a name until I watched
oh but look at this so I needed a drawer
organizer for all my toothpaste a
toothbrush and dental floss and hair
vitamins and stuff like that as I was
like you know
have one so what am I gonna use I use
washi tape baby check this out look at
this everything has a home and I just
washed it and it looks amazing right
so much and I'm gonna edit the same
thing down there and I get the same
thing in here I need to go through then
you know just and uh wait a second
petitions to wrap on today
