see whatever was out of this dark if you
guys cannot tell ya I'm a human yeah I
have been in my pajamas sense I woke up
today was actually a such a lazy day I
organized my room you guys are gonna die
it is so organized I literally was like
vecchio Mackie DIY Queen today like it
is so organized I'll show you that
another time though what else dad you I
Skype the first winner
I watched lip sync battle shorties but
before I even show you guys any of that
I'm about to actually go back to bed
because it's late outside of you didn't
know that
it's literally like midnight right now
so I'm good anyways I was like before
you can show you anything that happened
on my day it is time to do it I gotta
pick one of these things we've already
done to give up to give voice I give a
win first winner today that was really
exciting you're going to do that about
10 not 10 seconds is about right okay
I'm not gonna guess you'll get to see
that at the end of this vlog alright
guys this is like some crazy hardest
part of my board I know you get your day
you want big ball found a new ideas
about shamefully a good sidekick
I think that Sun not this one this one
can go up there by that one I think
nope don't blow up dropping things you
broke their stay good job I let you win
one I almost didn't catch that Wow whoa
alright should we do this one yeah yeah
how I'm gonna do this and I'm gonna do
this son didn't everyone on the search I
don't wanna do stairs coming this way I
am doing it over here today because I've
done those stairs every day when you
change check this out we got a little
pink tulle and a little green bow I mean
you guys it's pretty cool so it's the
other day for the giveaways you know I'm
excited let's open this tab
check this thing out
this is a vlogging kit look at this you
get this awesome Canon Rebel what are my
favorites video two lenses a little case
a little SD card watch this is pretty
avid this camera is actually amazing
this one I used to film like all my like
main channel videos that you guys see
but you can definitely vlog on this
camera it's very similar to my vlog
camera oh yeah so if you do not know the
drill by now this is all you do to win
this bad boy step 1 subscribe to this
channel to subscribe to my main channel
step 3
follow me on Instagram it's right there
it's joe tafolla as deaf boy baby
comment down below your Instagram handle
and also to your Skype account so if you
don't know those guys or you don't have
a Skype account ask your parents they
will know ask them for help setting it
up ask anyone who is above the age of 18
for her idol I'm just really saying
things like that because that's just new
so let's go down checklist one more
types of step 1 subscribe you stop to
subscribe on a channel umm wait by the
way oh thank you for 5 million
subscribers of mine Lord I have a big
thank you video coming out on it I think
Saturday I believe but I don't like I
seriously I can't really that but I'm
gonna tell you all my things in there
and I think a few other people that have
been on my youtube channel before that
you guys really missed I'm gonna keep
saying thank you on there too so that'll
be fun we stephan1 subscribe you sub to
subscribe to my main channel link in the
description jump 3 oh man is if I'm
right there yeah it's Jojo so you a step
4 comment down below your Instagram
username and your Skype account so that
I can Skype you so easily how this works
is I need you to be on your Skype
account tomorrow which is December 5th
at 1 p.m. Pacific Standard Time you
don't know and that is ask your parents
ask someone older they'll know but baby
ladies love me I'm California time I'll
be skyping to giveaway winner telling
them is that they have a gotten this
ride and they
and not about this baboon it's time to
show you what actually happened today
which is not much but it's kinda
something so first of all check this out
so I actually Skyped in the very first
giveaway winner and a her reaction was
everything she was so excited she was
the winner of the Nintendo switch Plus
Just Dance + blue Jojo bow I believe so
I check that out already guys I am still
my pajamas right now so ignore that but
I'm it's time to Skype the very first
winner she is going to be winning query
the first person is that answers my
calls going to be winning this
Nintendo's switch and the Jojo bow and
the Just Dance game in this truly and
the wrapping paper all the things we are
calling Ann Marie supinator first I
should be fun let's find out if she
answers here we go I'll just kind of
fine
I'm excited for us food how did user
dancers
Oh
can you see me yes it's like side of the
first person outside that's awesome are
you okay with being on my blog yeah so
guess what I something really exciting
to tell you you want to give away you
won the Nintendo switch and since you
fixed it thank you anyone this jojoba
I'm gonna sign it to for you and this
Just Dance game you want a lot of cool
stuff Jimmy Joe Joe Boeing right now I
love it you got that over in the blind
bag I'm so excited I'm gonna turn this
guy off down I need to get your address
so then I can send you the Nintendo
Stretch is that all right yeah yeah the
first answer I can't hear it I'm active
you Joe Joe Joe I know that's pretty a
because I'm still just shown here with
this big a lot of Leo low it so I just
think it's awesome what happened llegar
that was fun like I said sureties my new
TV show the holiday special of it aired
tonight on Nickelodeon for you is
yesterday night but it's freaking me out
again so we should keep an eye out for
that
blissing that Shorty's at the holiday
special Nick Cannon is hosting it I'm
his sidekick there was lots of lip sync
there's lots of balance and that was on
tonight very first time I ever saw in my
entire life so check that out guess
what's happening in one minute 48 47 46
seconds yeah oh yeah baby's lip sync
battle shorties time boy oh boy how I am
so excited so you don't know lip sync
all the shorties as my new TV show Nick
Kent is the host of it I'm the his
little sidekick of it it's really fun
it's based off of the show lip sync
battle but it's all kids so that would
makes it really really fun do basically
it's like kids lip-synching and dancing
battling their hearts out and it is just
amazing all the kids are so amazing the
costuming the props like it's just
insane but yeah the holiday special is
going to be on in
one minute I'm just I don't even you
understand I wait check this out
lip sync battle shorties Jack oh yeah do
you see yeah do you sit auto you saw it
but but I do have it on okay wait now
I'll go home and you consider a song
like that but nuts because it relies but
like the dance bat like the dance kids
who are like the background dancers on
it but then I went into the costuming
and I was like yeah I want something
that has low Sweet Valley charities on
it they're like well we have these you
can have an extra and I was like make
sure two of you haven't washed already
that you watch it so yeah I have to be
honest there's only one word that can
describe this performance and that
worded
the important I think just awesome I
felt like it was literally like I was
like in winter wonderland here let's
meet guys that's pretty cool isn't it
bye you guys please me back to here it's
kind of sad cuz the days over it's sad
for you not too much we're not actually
that's a lie a lot went on today you
just sit and see it because it was like
behind the scenes stuff that needed to
go on like stuff that you just like
didn't feel like watching um you know
what I'm saying it's like I could just
put in there but then you guys are just
like skip through my whole video so I
was like man whatever I mean you brought
her through my whole pity runner it
doesn't matter so much see whenever
think you subscribing I'm gonna say it
one more time if you want to win this
thing step one subscribe to this channel
step two
subscribe to my main channel so doing oh
man is about half its George Stewart
right there you see it you see it right
there big letters right there number
four come W Instagram username and your
Skype username be on your Skype account
tomorrow December 5th at 1 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time of 1 p.m. California time
it's all the same thing I'll be skyping
the giveaway what I'm telling you that
they have won this amazing prize and
it's you guys I love you so so much
I had some food up all my fingers if an
eggnog with a little sprinkle of
