I am so joyful to hear that Bobo came on
to you hold on she wants to tell me
something
uh-huh yeah I'm getting the message okay
yeah uh-huh
cool so Bobo Bobo would like to start
off this vlog differently than normal
usually we do the present thing at the
end but you know what it's time for the
giveaway to happen right now right now
literally literally right now also to
before even do this giveaway yesterday's
giving whatever winner will be announced
tomorrow because that's technically the
third for me but it's technically the
fourth for you and it makes sense in my
mind it might not make sense in yours
but it's okay those are the matter 500
would you down so then I can pick the
little gift okay nah I love you I am
beyond that I love you all right go go
boy hi you guys I'm feeling it you know
what gift I feel I feel like I want to
do this on this is cool it's cute comes
with another blue Jojo bow has two
things like this one too has pretty cool
let's pop a squat hi you want to join me
this is your bow to keep also to
yesterday's wrapping paper doesn't
matter you bow to keep no Jess you paper
I'm dropping things hopefully I didn't
break it no I did it
alright you guys I'm about to open these
I'm quite excited no clue what's inside
of them let's do it alright here we go
here we go here we go I'm gonna look at
it this whoa okay I don't know if you
don't like these I'd these are actually
Nick Cannon's brand of headphones and he
gave them to me and you know they're
pretty cool so you guys could win some
awesome pink headphones these are pretty
cool and bluetooth wow that's awesome
they're for kids they're cool I like
those i'ma set these right here what are
we things in this one all right here we
go here we go could be something that
goes with headphones
like this wait you know what you could
do you could keep one of these and give
the other one to your best friend for
Christmas or to your mom or your brother
or something whatever you want to know
to your sister I mean anything you guys
check this out two pairs of headphones
one two one two one go one okay okay
we're going to wear headphones so you
guys you could win a both pair of these
headphones all you got to do is do a few
things and this is what you gotta do
also you can wear this Georgia bow
that's cool too so are you gonna do
viewer when these headphones is a step
one to subscribe to this channel step
two subscribe to my main channel the
link will be down in the description
step three
follow Instagram it's George's you will
see it right there that's pretty cool
isn't it and step four comment down
below your Instagram username and create
a Skype account that ty will be picking
out the winners of so create a Skype
account and then also to comment your
Skype username we already have Skype
count don't worry about creating it all
I gotta do is comment it down below and
if you need your parents help with
creating it make sure you ask them if
always parent tools supervision yeah
okay so let's just do a quick rundown
subscribe you subscribe in channel
follow me on Instagram just comment down
below is Revenue Skype user this are you
guys know here's the thing if you want
to be the winner what you have to do is
obviously calm your Skype comment your
Instagram but here's the catch on
December 4th this December 1 2 3 4
that's for a December 4th all you gotta
do is be on your Skype account at 1 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time again if you don't
know when that is as grants low low like
I was saying the 1 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time of be on your Skype account I'll be
skyping the winner if you don't answer
the sky pull my other bags on up so make
sure you answer it this is not my date
started I actually started hanging out
with Kalani and Kendall and I went to
their tour the irreplaceable Stewart to
go support them so I check that out
quick I can do your live
bye guys they love me
that was fun I'm excited to watch them
it says they're replaceable but I'm
pumped
yeah well you got the fun man your
you've almost as much merge as I have on
oh yeah baby that was pretty fun it was
so fun to get to see their to where they
did amazing we all went out to dinner
after but I didn't really feel like
working there I just kind of wanted to
like have fun and hang out so yeah I
want to win this all you got to do is
follow me on instagram subscribe here
subscribe mhm and I'm gonna say it again
comment down your skype be on your skype
tomorrow that would be December 4th at 1
p.m. Pacific Standard Time it I will be
skyping the water makes your answer
because if you don't answer that could
be very sad very very sad for you and
for me technically hey you guys that's a
wrap on today I love again so so so much
thank you for watching thank you for
subscribing I will see you guys tomorrow
buddy
