it's time for the giveaway every single
souvenir do it up in this entire little
world I get good blood your anyways I
don't know if you can see or maybe you
can see right there I am going on my
phone right now and the reason being is
because I'm actually in the bathroom and
this is like the same thig bathroom
I'm here with Bobo do I say hi anyway
why you on the in the bathroom right now
on the airplane is because you know last
time I was on an airplane this happened
if your daughter's always been used
assignment okay
Josh what you are yeah literally you
don't think I'd stop filming and I was
like okay whatever it's fine so I was
like I'm gonna volume and let you guys
what's going on for the day and here's
what's going on number one I woke up got
on this plane and yeah I've been on here
for an hour and I can't wait to be
awesome no but dude I won't be ending up
at home tonight Oh boomer did you go to
the bathroom I don't even know what I
was saying anymore I lost my train of
thought but I'm gonna go back to my
airplane see right now because a little
bit Bobo wants to be happy
okay she's happy she's not gonna say it
because obviously she can't talk she's a
dog so I know it's December 2nd I know
it was probably started on December 1st
but it doesn't matter because it's we're
starting it now giveaways so basically
what's gonna happen is I have all 24 of
these amazing gifts right here I'm about
to open up one of them for you guys
whatever I pick you're gonna win I'm
gonna explain how to win once I pick it
it's oh my gosh I am just so excited I
don't think you know you I don't you
doing it taller than me or do I go small
like this little tiny mystery thing
eventually by December 25th or 26th or
24th I honestly I don't know when it
ends I haven't calculated that much
obviously might one of those days we are
gonna end up having all of these giving
away to you guys so before I pick one of
these out I just need to explain these
to you let me tell you all the rules how
this works and then it's gotta be sad
for the very first giveaway are you
gonna have to do is make sure you have a
Skype account no now if you have a Skype
account I'm gonna need you to comment
down below your Skype username parties a
step one if you want to win one of these
prizes subscribe right here subscribe
there's a red button
it does subscribe right on it white
letters there should be about a 1.2 next
night subscribe there and that's good I
accept to go to link that is down in the
description and go subscribe to my other
channel which is my main channel or just
click that little search button that's
like up there somewhere or if you're on
an iPhone you gotta like scroll it down
and then you go like so okay you know
what I'm talking about though and search
my main channel Jojo see you and it'll
come right up and subscribe there -
awesome - I'm so close to 5 million
subscribers like what but what is
inscribed to my main channel and to this
channel of course next up I'll you just
follow my Instagram at its Jodeci right
there do you see it you see it right
there yep okay it's Jojo see you a high
GS jo-jo aside everywhere okay go to
that and then come right back you're all
wait I'll wait okay pause the video okay
hold on hi-hi don't or maybe you didn't
positive maybe gonna do that okay dad
you did it boss and you didn't follow me
on this Jam so the final step the last
thing a very very last thing all you
gotta do if you want to win this made if
you don't wear this totally fine but you
want to win it what am I talking about
all you gotta do is comment down below
two things number one your Instagram and
number two you gotta create a Skype
account or if you already have a Skype
account all you gotta do is comment that
down below basically here's how you're
gonna find out if you're the winner I am
going to be skyping the winner every
single day after I've decided you the
winner what are you guys here's how you
will win if you win if you know you want
if what's gonna happen basically
tomorrow for you guys which is Sunday
December 3rd at 1 o'clock Pacific
Standard Time ask your parents if you
don't know what that is but one o'clock
California time Pacific Standard Time
you guys I am going to be skyping though
in are basically all you gotta do quick
recap subscribe here subscribe to my
main channel phone an instrument it's
joy to see a comment down below your
Instagram and you Skype username be on
your Skype account at 1 o'clock p.m.
Pacific Standard Time on Sunday December
3rd you guys and I if you don't answer
your Skype someone else could win so
make sure their I wanna clock p.m.
Pacific Standard Time and now you guys
it's time to pick the prize I need to be
good I feel like okay so I'm not gonna
like one of my favorite favorite ones on
I forgot what is in all these but what
my favorite wrappings I have done is
this one so I think we should do this
one offer two of you didn't know this
every single prize has a Jojo bow on it
so no matter what you win you will of
course get a jojomo because why not all
right you guys it's the moment of truth
Jojo Bo all right but it still coming
with you time it's happening we're
sliding the tool off by the way I'm just
gonna like give you guys the tool too
because it's cute look at this wait wait
for it wears a headband that is fun I
like a festive Tendo switch I'm giving
away Nintendo switch you guys got a
couple your Skype username subscribe
here comment down below your Instagram
name subscribe to my to my other YouTube
channel link in the description
aza to UM subscribe follow me on
Instagram on its ear and you could win
this bad boy when he sings in here now
do we think this is cool here we go this
is cool I mean oh I can't get what is it
you did because it was backwards for you
uh this is one of my favorite games this
has good songs on it too doesn't have
anybody dare to see you alright you
could only win this really cool headband
thing that I wrapped it in this awesome
Jojo bow Just Dance game I'm I'm so
excited I don't anything you know I
think I'm more excited than you guys are
you guys don't know for a second but all
you've got to do if you want to win this
is I'm saying it one more time subscribe
here subscribe to my main channel follow
me on Instagram out it's yours you'll
get this table like I'm saying follow me
on is robot it's yours you
comment down below your Instagram
username and your Skype username ask
your parents if you need help setting
one up super easy you guys got this be
on your Skype account tomorrow Sunday
December 3rd at 1:00 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time I am going to be skyping
the winner if you don't enter the call
right away
or if you just don't answer the call
before it is ringing yes I could Skype
another winner so make sure you guys
you're on there and you answer the call
because it's gonna be awesome
all right guys I love you so so so much
shout is a wrap on tomorrow
