I'm gonna show you guys what is on my
iPhone after this really cool a drone
that about a minutes worth footage mi
ready guys heels long dress why live a
big night
because I had a big night the big guy
already happened but you guys look at me
I am in a dress I have heels on look at
these so like feel like I'm a tap dancer
I mean it wasn't really fun gala but she
can't wait to put my conferees back on
my dogs are barking thank you oh thank
you
and check this out mom whoa whoa who is
that like looking good tonight
I mean never happens literally literally
comment down below if you think Jojo
looks fabulous but literally you guys I
feel zon so I'm gonna change it I'll see
in a second because I'm not gonna lie
I'm not the type of person that puts
feet on camera because I think it looks
nasty but I gotta show you these dirt is
literally like red on both of them with
a little strap whoa my life whatever
okay now I actually need to go get
changed I always am back I'm back hi
guys how's it going hi to you yeah you
hi okay hello hello hello how is it
going you guys I actually I haven't seen
you pretty much at all today I saw you a
little bit write it now just like
literally four seconds ago for you but
like 20 minutes ago for me so he wasn't
making I didn't show you anything today
is because it just wasn't really a place
where I could vlog and so I didn't blog
hi hi
excuse you I know you want to play right
now but mommy has to work thank you
anyway so like I was trapped and went on
okay sheet then I tried the carpet rugs
well anyways like I was saying so I
wasn't in a place where I could really
blog but it was a really super fun night
um the gala dinner was actually so
amazing I can't even tell you it was
just so good a lot of people inspiring
people were speakers and it was just
really made me happy to get to hear all
their stories but I'm not gonna tell you
guys about that because obviously you
cannot know what that is without being
that song like you know what I wanna
give you something guys you can't know
about cuz you can't see about
here in my pocket I have this beloved
device and it is called a cellular phone
and this cellular phone was invented
when did the first cellular device come
out in 1973 the very first cellular
device came out that's pretty cool
anyways in my hand here I have a
cellular device which is very very cool
now I'm going to show you guys what is
on my iPhone alright so first things
first is the wallpaper now this guy is
actually this is the parade route of the
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade therefore
I've been just like check my phone and
see if we're like halfway three-quarters
like to see where we were at that's the
story behind that and it is unlocked my
phone and my password is my favorite
song in case you cared no one knows my
favorite song though anyways I have all
the typical iPhone apps I mean
everything you could imagine something
that's really cool on the new phone is
they have a file it's your actual
computer files which i think is really
really cool is a normal normal apps that
I have I got face to because I just like
to go in there and play it's fun to like
give like random people faces I
downloads is weird I don't really use it
though then I got Instagram
I got Zillow I got cured Keira I got the
7 minute workout challenge I think that
is I got musically I got Netflix I got
quiz up I got snapchat I got I home
control half of these I don't use that
on my second page I got Twitter I got
Amazon I got youtube I got YouTube TV I
got postmates I got the ring up I got
Getty Images I got YouTube studio I got
2048 I got buff them here I got
playground hey art I got eight BC and
the reason I have ABC is because I watch
Grey's Anatomy on there I would have to
say I'm all of my apps on my phone my
favorite apps are probably YouTube and
um with this one half called bubblegum
hero hashtag da sponsor
go Billy Billy an ad
this is fun I like day before the
egg-cam I have this really fun game it's
called bubble gum here I'm gonna try to
play this like in the mirror and
basically you just kind of gotta like
stop it in between the yellow line the
white lines is that if you get it on the
yellow you get a perfect like that and
it's it gets really difficult it looks
like it's super easy I'm actually doing
quite good right now we're playing
literally in the mirror there's like a
mirror right behind you okay see I yell
it's not sponsored at all none of these
apps are sponsored apps it was just kind
of like I was like what could I do
tonight what's on my iPhone sounds fun
but you guys that it's all that happy
today I am so deeply truly sorry that
this was not an actual vlog but it was
fun I got to show you guys what's on my
iPhone but I do promise I'll be back
tomorrow with the regular vlogs tomorrow
I'm so pumped up I am flying home it's
gotta be like home I'm going to home
home and I'm gonna be home for like 2 or
3 weeks
yay hi video guys I love you tells us so
much thank you for being awesome and
I'll see you guys my bait
