it's fine we'll be discreet how are you
guys good morning everything okay they
could let you okay anyways you guys are
right now I'm actually on an airplane
I'm flying to New York oh yes I was just
in New York why I came home doesn't
wanna be home it's fine
don't say like I was saying get back to
the point we're on our way to New York
and the reason why are we going to New
York is because I am partnering up with
an ad council and their big Gala is
happening and I'm going tomorrow but I'm
only here tonight tomorrow and then I
leave the next day so it's a quick
little trip after this trip to New York
I don't come back here until like the
19th so it's like isn't that far away
but for me that's a really long time I'm
literally here like four times a week
it's fine anyways we are actually on
Delta and these seats are very very nice
our last one do a nice but not like
these are very fancy very techy look at
this we got buttons we got buttons on my
name's watches wait did you see that no
if they didn't see that pretty cool
isn't it
I was sitting over here she has plenty
of room right here look at she could
easily sit right there she will not sit
there she needs she has to be on my lap
look it she could even she's trying you
know she could be right there but where
does she have to go
right by me anyway so we're gonna be
flying like a drone here in any minute
now so I gotta go I gotta get buckled up
even though I'm already buckled up and I
gotta chill out get my stuff out I'm
planning on working on this light it's
never gonna happen every flight I say
I'm gonna work I'm gonna edit if I need
to
I'm gonna gonna do photoshopping stuff
I'm gonna figure out wait content coming
up with things
no oh by the way I didn't even bring my
youtube notebook so I don't get to come
up with content so I'm cool are you guys
but today is going to be an ethical day
you wanna know why it's gonna be an epic
all day let's get straight to it check
this out check it out wait for it yay
Jojo words hey more Jojo I got my Jojo
socks always assignment okay Joshua
Gerard I mean unfold it whatever it's
fine we'll be discretized
having a great day you guys people my
flight just killed it
fine fine your anyway bad surely I mean
the feather because you know I got so
every while you I don't know what the
guy next to me what's it complained if
because that's never happened before and
the worker was really nice about it he
was like hey so weird so I'm gonna just
kind of that's gonna that didn't build
it Lori's been doing dog mom she wanted
a fire Bagon I was like yeah whatever
anyways you guys are we landed and now
let me just say something
I have gone 100 and I think this is 83
183 days and never been told I can't
blog by someone so that would be first
so many so many fights to last week look
at this don't you dog mama I just can't
Georgie dog grandma technically because
I that's my child so I Rizzo like I was
kind of saying in the beginning of this
clip a wheat landed and we are headed
over to baggage claim get our bags I
only got one suitcase you'll see why I
only have one suitcase on my seventy
three questions that I did with fake
vote on Saturday on my main channel I
did it'll be really fun of you guys are
gonna like it oh boy I'm tired am I
tired I am tired yes I am I
I want to sleep I also want free but I
want hot and fresh food oh yeah baby so
the situation right now is we are
actually back at our hotel room which is
actually really nice let me give you a
quick little tour so you walk in there's
the door there's a club there's actually
backpack there's this little sitting
area there's a little lunch area there's
this little bad area TV area closet area
mom area bomb area area anyways you guys
so the reason being why I did not
actually see you for quite some time and
in the car because I literally could not
vlog in the car and the reasons being
that is this little munchkin decided to
throw up four times on the car line four
times that's I don't have my body on
anymore because she threw up on it f oh
you are
for my li she knows what you did
you know she's just right now it's fine
she's fine I think she just must have
ate something had to get it out I can't
even tell you though four times
disgusting it's fine I was a mom I I did
I dealt with it she I had people ads
like she just went into ojos of myself
but that's why I couldn't see you in the
car at all because I had to deal with
that it was literally like every ten
minutes it was something it was just
whole production anyway so now that I'm
back in my hotel room I obviously my dog
throw up on me four times I have to
shower so uh I'll go shower in the next
time I'm gonna see you I'm gonna have
wet hair on and look like a wet dog so I
II see I told you wet dog hair but my
braids are a little uneven right now I
had to put it back because I just I just
you know I can't deal with my hair down
it just bugs me I don't know why it does
but it just it really it just kills me
Hey Little Miss puker what are you doing
we usefully bank no naps allowed no naps
a lot because if you take a nap then you
don't sleep through the entire night is
that that right you'll bark in the
middle of the night and that's not good
actually she's really good about not
fucking Jess what are you doing over
here oh my dress for tomorrow so if you
don't know why we're here in New York I
feel I can't explain this like 15 times
I'm kind of explain it again because I
needed a longer vlog than this but
basically the reason why we're here is
because we are doing something called
the Ad Council now you may have heard of
it um if you've ever heard of something
that's like brought to you by the Ad
Council that's basically what it is and
so they're having like their big gala
and it's actual I just stepped on a
pretzel it's here in the hotel but it's
this big fancy black-tie event but I'm
really excited because a lot of other
youtubers are going am i a lot I mean
for there is me Ricky Dillon who I'm
excited for because he's like oh here's
my mutual friends so that'll be fun so I
Foxx people who I'm friends with and
Molly Burke stuff yeah should be should
be cool see your Facebook I would have
anyone from grey's Anatomy's going let
me just point out quickly that it is
currently uh oh midnight 13 midnight for
tea technically so I'm actually gonna go
to sleepers see if the couch is a
pull-out couch and let's just say
there's a very nice bed over they don't
easily fit me and my mom both but the
couch looks really comfy though well you
can't show me Dad what okay I play a
stupid spy game oh my god I'm so bad too
all right as you can tell don't mess
with me kind of hurt yeah I'm actually
gonna wrap it up though for the night
and y'all know why we're gonna wrap it
up for the night cuz I'm tired and so
admitted pukey dog anything eyes that's
a wrap on today love y'all so much take
you for joining me on this crazy
adventure oh this crazy they're nobodies
