Jojo Moyes is ah your village of did on
my face right now because there's a
little bit more that's good that guy's
good good here today where are we doing
of course somewhere else besides I flies
city wok - I never go anywhere else no I
don't think we do okay wait it's time
you have a car though a valet guys
comment we were actually meeting up with
my brother and - whose car coming I made
Adam Riley they left us and they went to
Palm Springs but they're actually
meeting us up here Anna fly look
involved upwards in house your same car
I don't know what I'm more excited for
today
what like Jojo headphones I love it I
like it that's a good one and now
they're going on a jojomo Chinese oh
yeah I'm not gonna lie I'm honestly
gonna be really sad if we don't find
Jojo merch like I really am ready to
stop that literally took us forever to
like literally forever
you ready have you ever played what are
the odds
no I'm gonna count one two three and
we're gonna say this number between one
and three and that's like the odds
okay what are the odds one - thanks - we
better find it now what are the odds I
thought it is a bit of a hot mess oh we
need a we need to fix this up but I
found it I solved it like a oh my bow
broke and then I got oh there's my
leggings oh there's a shirt a little
messier than I would have hoped why they
got a little dress and the sure and the
other dress hot dogs on you I guess I
love these two I mean look at this they
got their earrings I mean rocking it out
there JC Penney's got all the good Jojo
merch
hey mom do you think this is my size a
few moments later now we're living JC
Penney we're literally better for a
little like for now minutes it's okay
driving to California Pizza Kitchen and
we are meeting up with Annie Haley Billy
and Jay made it up with the leblanc for
dailies what everyone Colin I don't know
I feel weird calling them the
brutalities cuz that's not actually
their name but that's like what they're
known by so it's like it's ready to be
like I'm going to meet up with giorgos
juice and I feel like it's like we're
cutting it off with the LeBlanc summer
talese whatever you want to call it
heads okay well just kind of done with
it hi Eddie
Haley my belly I get any words have none
no we just got to dinner is gonna be
great working end of home we came to
BJ's we're not this is our third
restaurant that he attempted to go Jim
we tried California Pizza Kitchen we
tried Oliver and we went to start my son
and now are here because never was busy
so busy oh my gosh it's the best day
ever
we're sitting here eating bread what I
turn around it it is just I don't miss
what are you doing you're drinking your
apples awesome with a straw that is not
a thing you do not true I go I go no no
this is the best part I go you could use
like a forged you guys know a four-pole
worth that's weird the job I got I gotta
give it to you guys you raise some pure
talent right there just re-enacting out
ready ready ready
and now I am home and on my project
right now is this house I don't even
want you to wind out it so here it is oh
my gosh hot mess right here oh my gosh
really that's all you're gonna look at
it's not like I would ever put a tree
playing or anything oh my gosh hot mess
right here Oh boys I've actually I've
been working on this for about I'd go
like ten minutes and uh made no progress
but that's okay because we're gonna work
slowly but surely I'm on the phone
currently with Laura and I Lauren brew
my closet so of course it's a really bad
connection but I'm going I'm getting
into this viola is gonna make right
oh my gosh why am I doing this there's
like literally no end like this like a
dead end I can feel it I'm gonna make
some progress
I was Nate okay I have made a lot of
progress that is still ha best don't get
me wrong but look at all that I mean
come on come on come on
I literally cleared out my whole closet
boy like I am very happy with that
oh boy I'm very proud Bobo's oh yeah oh
you trying to come up to my bed by dog
Oh above us Bobo I fell little dog as
the cutest they ever okay I'm so proud
of my room feel like I'm actually super
happy right now I think I'm gonna be
done cleaning it up until tomorrow I
might day like tomorrow morning tomorrow
night I don't really know but I'm just
so happy I did not think I would
actually finish that much tonight okay
you're really zoomed in on my face right
now because I just did I literally just
I feel like I look insane I just took
all yours and put it down on my face to
make it look like fangs like what did I
just do this is actually the dumbest
thing that I've ever done I originally
just started on I wanted to do like that
little curl thing that people do like on
the side of their head I just like
messing around doing and I was like wait
a second and now I have bangs literally
all like this is my life this is what I
do for fun I have things I like it it's
a luck if you made this look decent
it's not that bad actually it's like
it's kind of cute it's like a little kid
like I gotta like it I'm never gonna do
it again designs this vlog but I think
it's kind of funny I was so much hair
gel on my face right now like if I wake
up tomorrow with a million pimples right
here I will not wonder what okay I need
to go deep bang myself
I also need to get ready for bed because
it's late and I need to like go sleep
since up so that I'm using me I would be
in pajamas and I would be deep bang
attack why is this my life alright I'll
see you in three two one
okay that is much better I buzzed how's
it going I'm you I love you they have it
rocks a half block I just put chapstick
on so she's trying to give me little
kisses I know yeah I know you know I
love you
that was actually going to be a wrap
Monday I love you guys so much and I
will what I will
