all righty so the first thing that is on
my list still the 24 days two giveaways
that is why I'm actually at taiga right
now so I have all 24 items on my list
I'm going to be buying and I am getting
them all at Target and I'm so excited
you know I would bring you guys along on
the journey so then you guys get to see
all the things that I'm getting and get
really excited about my giveaways oh but
something that is really really cool
about my giveaways that's different from
a lot of people is that my giveaways are
huge prizes like like as big as this
whole store in this stores huge let me
tell ya so basically I have a lot of
really cool prizes that I'm gonna get
I'm getting them all right now um but my
personal favorite prize the last prizes
are giving away is actually is I am
flying four people out to California and
they're gonna hang out with me get their
hotel rooms it's gonna be awesome
yeah baby yeah they really can't like
that Merry Christmas one two all righty
so I'm on my way upstairs right now but
I'm like I was saying so the last prizes
I'm picking four people for four of them
one two three four of them now I'm going
to be flying them out to California
putting them up in an awesome hotel room
and then we're gonna hang out for the
day it is going to be so awesome I am
just I'm so excited it's gonna bring me
lots of joy to hang out with some of you
guys other than that there are some
really really really cool prizes like
when I tell them really well I mean like
really cool like what like really really
cool so do come along with me on this
target journey and let's go find some
cool prizes see if you like it we're
gonna go try to buy these things they're
gonna be like you need you know older
man and I go yeah all righty so the
first thing that is on my list is
actually a ps4 so that's gonna be the
first thing I would pick out some games
it's gonna be awful I'm so excited at a
ps4 Pro that's pretty epic party so the
next thing that we are gonna get is a
Nintendo switch this guy's Sam is
awesome he's helping me out here all
right so what are we getting now check
this out I got Just Dance
I got Super Mario Odysseys I said and
then I got boom a Nintendo switch baby I
wouldn't be mind now fine look here oh
that looks fun a vlogging here
all right so this one just bought it's a
big camera thing blogging kit oh yeah my
favorite game comes on this thing
minecraft is the Xbox's comes with
minecraft stuff someone's gonna be lucky
to win this are you guys so let's go
down let's so far bought that TV about
that camera that Nintendo switch that
Xbox not ps4 I mean I'm just on a roll
right now I want those two I want bold
okay okay well you guys do have Apple
watches here oh wait let's try to fum
I need to have the wattages yeah are
giving these to you the way I like the
white I just like it cause it lights up
that's fun let's do it
look at that thing that's a cool speaker
I like that alright so next thing I
bought I got this little speaker thing
pegs on I need some beats that's fun
oh yeah some purple ones that's epic we
gotta cool drones look at that thing
that's a spark huh that's fancy hi
what's your name Priscilla nice to meet
you I have a question phrase rexella if
you could pick anything from up here
anything at all what would you buy
and you'd buy that alright let's buy
another swift do you follow me on
youtube is that where you know me from
so guess what I'm doing something really
cool during a lot of Giveaways I said my
friend Priscilla who I just met she
picked out another Nintendo switch for
the giveaways because I had to get rid
of two things and so now I gotta get
another thing so I got to find one more
thing up here to buy I'm putting
everything in the car we just paid for
it I love it
it's a Minecraft Xbox I like doing all
this I want to do some for myself too
this is like a child's dream so you guys
are gonna want to make sure that you
tune in everything everything is in my
car you guys this is it's gonna be the
most epic
giveaway ever on YouTube that's all I
have
did target workers are so chill now they
used to be like don't blog in here and
now they're like are you guys I just
paid for all the electronic you give
away things but what you don't know is
that I'm also giving away some non
electronic things so I am actually gonna
do a few things in this toy section I'm
going to do a top toys of the year so
obviously I mean I already picked out
the judges all because there's dog toys
actually though this one is nominated
for toy of the year so that's pretty
cool and then I'm gonna get something
maybe like lol surprise some squishy
some hatch rolls those are all really
cool toys so I'll probably some of those
and then - I'm gonna get a giant gaming
pack where it's gonna be like all really
really fun games and then - I'm buying
something really cool but I'm not gonna
tell you yet so let's go right so first
things first let's buy all the cool toys
alrighty I'm gonna buy this big Hatchin
wall thing this thing it looks cool I
also do think I'm gonna do something
from my boy fans because I have a lot of
boyfriends and I feel like a lot of
times you know my channel get so catered
to girls and I feel like you know it's
catered to some boys - out there alright
unless by some squishies a lot of people
like squishy
I'm buying as peanut butter and jelly
one because I love peanut butter and
jelly I'm buy this ice cream cone
because I screamed and I'm gonna buy
this pancake stack because who doesn't
like pancakes alrighty I'm buying these
two mental all surprise dolls I'm gonna
buy this little pinky palm thing when my
cousin was out here she bought one of
those and she really loved it so I'm
assuming that's like a really cool toy I
don't know now I wanna buy toys for boys
you guys well buy this big ol monster
chuckle I I don't know I just really
want to find a monster truck right now I
have no clue I'm going because it's big
monster truck isn't my way in is falling
I'm running into things
I'm buying this Star Wars thing I don't
want are you guys check it out look at
this I'm one two three four five hey
spinner alright so I got a really epic
prize for all of you boys out there and
it is the Star Wars well are you guys
Changsha I'm buying this scooter and it
has light-up wheels on it
actually I've wanted this exact helmet
for my entire life never got it so I'm
getting it for you I literally can't
even tell you I've always a lot of is
near the car now I just I love it
obviously obviously safety first let's
buy some of these we're gonna buy some
weld love some little knee pads and some
little shoulder elbow elbow pads elbow
pads I so now the last thing oh my god
it's so sad to say that it might not be
the last thing all right guys I'm adding
the strong wobble to the the toys of the
Year pact thingy yeah very last thing
that I purchased is the ethical games
pack so now basically what I'm doing is
I'm gonna buy a bunch of these little
fun board game things and I am just
gonna buy a ton of them and then it's
gonna be like a big board game pack for
you to play with your family for your
friends for just you and your imaginary
friends for anyone who you want to play
with really so I'm gonna buy some I
think we should start with my personal
favorite games obviously gave a life
cannot go ever run without monopoly baby
Oh obviously we gotta get some apples to
apples this is my favorite game to play
as a kid and it's called color punk one
of my definite favorite spy face piles
get a little high oh these are right
favorite games other get candidly an
inch suit some others I gotta get them
both just to bring back my childhood I
think I'm gonna enter some of these
giveaways myself because these fries are
just bomb calm buddy now I feel like I
don't think you guys know this but when
I all-time favorite games is called a
spot it and they sell it down here right
next to there's a really cool game
called a geodesy we're dancing nice game
but I have that at my house I should
give you one for my house but I'm
inviting you guys so I actually I think
I'm all done with this look at this
check this point out that is the most
epic car of the year plus I got all the
electronic stuff that's giveaway ever I
can't wait I know is here on my house
I am actually going to wrap it up for
the day
and the reason being is because I have
been rapping all night and I have
glitter all over me but you're not gonna
get to see those yet anyways at Bobo's
we did not check it with you at all
today I just want to say I love you and
I I don't need you guys my camera is on
low battery anyway so I gotta round this
up by as love you so much make sure you
subscribe so you can enter the giveaway
subscribe to my main channel right now
so close I million subscribers and we
hit 1 billion views which is crazy and I
love you guys so so so much thank you
for that thank you for almost 5 million
thank you for 1.2 on this channel I
think something close to that is a
little you guys so much he's our buddy
