I'm actually filming with some really
cool youtubers you're already know we
are add Vedas and here we got a little
third and a half or a second and a half
second at the table hiney people are
gonna love me here it's great if I whoa
what are you doing we're currently about
to take off we gotta go this is the
mobile special
I can't don't throw me home and I'm
quite excited I'm pretty excited
we're gonna apply even the airplane
right now we're sitting in first class
because you know and the empty like that
anyway you guys I'm going to place down
right now on my mama's because you know
dreaming Oh Chris half the road the
airplane because it's the only place
with good lighting know that Bobo is
actually gonna be so good on this like a
she hasn't burg do once be we just came
to the bathroom and to let her go to the
bathroom all I do is I comment to the
restroom and I put some paper towels
down and she usually will go right off
with paper towels recently she's
actually been kinda weird and we won't
go on the paper towel ugh and then she
just makes me clean it up but just like
fine it's fine but it's just it's easier
she just goes on here calles and today
shirt on the paper towels and I mean
just look look at that she ate some
chick and she is JP is such a good girl
today no anyways I know this is the most
special but I actually want to take a
minute for Bobo and I just want to say
how excited I am to be going home I
don't think you understand like I
haven't been home in for ever and I'm
only gonna be home for two days but it's
still just like I'm so excited to be
home it has on home I am doing a lot of
fun things so basically I am ordering a
few things online that are gonna come
and I'm pretty excited and then other
things is that I'm actually filming with
some really cool youtubers I'm gonna be
filming with Colleen as Miranda
obviously and then I don't know if you
guys know this but like one of my joke
was I was Joey Graceffa and he has to be
a few Daisy honors like hey we should
get together a collab and so we're doing
that to it at home this time but I
actually thought it was really cool that
you know I followed my dreams I did what
I wanted to do and now I'm like one of
my like June clouds it's happening so
it's just really exciting for me we're
gonna go out now and I'm going to take a
little nap and Evan she'll take it out
with me and this bathroom is huge by the
way has like a hole I still know they
I mean it is like a thing I like it hey
you guys know our pain is actually about
the land and you know this time I'd was
really really really fun
all I did
anyway you guys
right now I become a what these people
are doing to me oh just please
and so sometimes they can't be out of my
eyes and other cat
by mine how I look right now
but we've been eating for a while until
we've been home what we like to put it
up here oh she just fell off the bed we
like to put it up here though while
we're eating so then she like doesn't
like beg for food and then I don't have
to feel bad and self guess attainment
and I okay okay okay so we did leave
right now guys is we're at home and I'm
super excited because as you can tell my
mommy just came up and now of course
he's filming me and so I don't I'm
trying to get a microphone but I just my
mommy wants me to talk and so under
stein the top guys I think I want to
wrap it up here for the night because
you know it's been a long day and I'm
very sleepy so well I love you guys
don't go so much thank you for watching
make you subscribe because we need two
million subscribers I
a candy store
