jjcc what has taken the world by storm
with her videos music TV cameos and bows
now for the first time she was in the UK
ready to meet her fans the press and
perform at the biggest party of the year
slime fair lucky for you McNally was
ready to grab it all on camera first was
a trip to Manchester I love meeting my
fans they're all so amazing
I love getting to see what my fans wear
because it's honest like one of my
favorite things to see how they express
themselves fans did whatever they could
to see their favorite stars and even
waking up next up was a very special
meeting great impermanent
if I can't I make sure that we sing
together
no way the rain is going to stop this
party so much fun it was amazing indeed
everyone who came no guess so much at
peace out now it was back down to London
for some exciting interviews don't pay
for them to be themselves and also to
ignore the haters and if I can't tell
the mad person I always make sure I tell
them that when I'm on TV what better way
to start the day than eating your
breakfast and watching Jojo just take a
moment to look at how good do dogs are
there so six hundred million views on
her Channel four five million followers
on our Instagram page Josie so you hide
them a bad thing I sleep with my hair
just like this and it's still in the
side ponytail and I still have a bow in
it was fine
but the day wasn't over yet it was back
to the studio for more filming it's
always fun doing stuff for Nickelodeon
my name is Joe Joshua and I save the
world but even superheroes don't get it
right like every time now the battle one
doing great oh oh that work it was time
for a little surprise and welcome to
London
baby feel like I should just be into a
guy furnace it was Kings Cross but they
filled Harry Potter's you guys look for
on the Tower Bridge
this day was so cool cuz I just gotta
depict yours before camera this is
unbelievable
I love getting to explore new ways with
my mom after a great day out in London
there was only one thing left on Jo Jo's
mine next up is Blackwater slime sass
goofy right side bets I just had one
question wait can I get on the plane
in the UK
soon as I stepped out on stage and I saw
all this even a toes wearing bows in
their hair I was just like you know what
forget the nose because I just want to
have fun
hold the drama
and if they shop
Misha
dance like this it was so amazing to get
a party with my fans that slime bags you
guys say we should be ourselves
keep talking that job
know how to come back
after three amazing performances it was
time for Jojo to join a very exclusive
club we've saved one final surprise for
all you guys are you ready
I got signed by Nickelodeon well let's
all achieve
it's time to go home but I Susan I made
some amazing memories and I'm definitely
gonna be back soon
jjcc while toured the UK and it was epic
