cooler than a pineapple under the sea I
honestly I cannot reverse I did not know
what to expect if this I thought I just
never liked another little Broadway show
but this is actually insane like I can't
even the production of this is just
already unbelievable and it hasn't even
started yet like I've gone to a lot of
shows and I've never liked the good
thing I've seen it's like the wicked
with the dragon on the top another level
of every single detail is like perfect
look at this look at this I got my
goodies but sure I got the sponge around
top school I got some sour patch kids
and of course I got some Krabby Patties
bent down I got high yeah are you guys
what the show is actually about to get
started so I'll see you in a second you
guys we just saw the show it was
actually amazing I would say 107
I like I'm not just saying I like it's
not a thing like but seriously
unbelievable like just the production of
everything that's like the whole stage
just literally the production the
costumes the opening number was my
personal favorite but like it was just
show but let's go down the families with
800 like what do you think I like it's
good I feel great I love spongebob it
was very good yeah she liked it too
check this out of the sponge wrong time
card similar to this on later that same
evening penis all like watch how good it
makes me look see doesn't make me look
good nice feel good does now shadow no
shadow shadow no shadow but anyways
we're on the stage right now which is
actually pretty cool there's an audience
like there's one layer two layer three
layer one you just
hey that was one of the final sorry for
the endless who lives in a pineapple
under the sea absorbent and yellow and
porous disease his barnacle nutters be
something you wish and Papa katakana
Baraka field full of scruples punchboard
scruples you can be like Squidward and
look at the counter and I need nothing a
famous famous Krusty Krab bow and look
at all those things cuz you guys all
could I reveal the recipe not just
kidding I'm not gonna do that but cuz
you guys what's in there looks like a
little bit of a patty Krusty Krab yeah
what'd I say I'm gonna reveal the Krusty
Krab oh well I meant to say that girl I
don't think I'm supposed to be doing
this right now but it's time to play
some basketball
okay I'm gonna enjoy 12 seconds later
how you doing I love you
I don't you guys tomorrow is a book tour
event which I'm so excited for it's
gonna be pretty epic over here in New
York I know you guys today there was an
ethical day we chilled out at the
Broadway show I'm sorry I didn't show
you anything more but the reason why I
didn't show you anything more was
because literally that's all we did
today we slept and children bed until
like oh my mom's calling me I mom put
the wine okay bye love you love you you
don't know like I'm saying like I was
saying the reason why I didn't do
anything else today is because I just
didn't do anything else today so yeah
guys that the rapper wanted a bow
how'd you get here
whoa you're just on phone that's crazy
something secret Oh
