there's a good I just so glad you hear
that guys Happy Thanksgiving
that's the truth today go go go but see
you guys happy Thanksgiving today is a
day that is all about just being
thankful for what you have in life
opportunities that you've had friends
you've had family that you have like
it's just such a good day and I'm just
so excited to be getting to celebrate
with you guys so first of all I just
want to say thank you to you all for
being there for me and like throughout
everything literally you all are so
amazing all you see you inators and you
are honestly like you guys my family and
my friends are my number one people who
are most thankful for I honestly I can't
even tell you like I would not be doing
anything if it wasn't for you guys so
just thank you so much and I just love
you guys so so much so I don't want to
keep it for too long because I want you
guys to spend Thanksgiving Day with your
family and with all your friends and not
online but if you are online it is okay
because you came to the right place if
you know what I mean but the reason why
I wanted to post this video for you guys
today instead of a normal blog is
because I am just so thankful for you
guys that I am deciding to do a new
giveaway and not just my giveaway not
just to give away it's not just five
giveaways not just been give away it's
not just twelve giveaways not just
fourteen you it's not just 70 giveaways
not just twenty giveaways not just 23
giveaways but 24 what I'm going to be
doing is starting on December 1st all
the way up until December 24th I am
going to be doing 24 Days of Giveaways
these prizes that I have planned for you
are some ethical things so now I'm going
to tell you a few of them these artists
that are not finally out as I am in New
York and I haven't gone to buy them but
these are some of my ideas so I'm going
to be giving away stuff like iPads NAG
books Apple TV normal TVs awesome gaming
packs a Jojo bedroom makeover I need
five hundred dollars in cash and my
personal favorite something that I am so
excited for don't think that I haven't
never done before is I already know this
or one of the prizes is are you ready
are you ready are you ready it's gonna
be on the last day so you have something
to look forward to
I'm only taking four people four people
and I am going to be flying four people
out to California put them up in hotel
and you guys if you're one of those four
people you are going to get to spend the
day with me in California and it's going
to be awesome
because basically the rules are for the
giveaway all you got to subscribe and
then or whatever I tell you to do in the
vlog where I and that's what the
giveaway prizes you have to do that and
then you could win but again that
Georgia prize where I'm flying you're
four people out that is going to be
happening around December 24th December
25th around Christmas time you guys how
did you know how excited I am to do this
like literally I do not think you know
like I am actually like so excited I you
guys I do not want to keep you for too
long happy Thanksgiving Day also to you
guys if you are watching this early in
the morning or if you're watching this
late at night it doesn't matter I am
going to be an amazing Thanksgiving Day
Parade now I know you probably watched
it this morning um but seriously you
guys the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade
that is just unbelievable so seriously
thank you guys so much
really quickly I want to go down the
line of people who I specifically am
really thankful for obviously number one
is my mom she is literally my full-out
like my number one Supporter and I would
literally be doing nothing without her
and then of course two of my family I
mean my dad Tom my brother did my
grandma my grandpa my girl like every
every one of my family I'm cousins
uncles and a great-grandma every single
person in my family you guys know who
you are thank you so much I just that I
love you guys so much and just seriously
thank you for all your support so the
nice people I don't want to thank our
everyone on my team I want to thank guy
Diana
Nate Karen Kim you are on my team you
guys like seriously I love you so so
much and thank you for all you do
actually I want to thank is everyone on
the Nickelodeon team everyone from SEMA
- Shelly - Lisa - Doug - Colleen - J
like every single person who works at
Nickelodeon you guys thank you so much
for all the amazing opportunities that
you guys have given me
just been such an amazing year and to
think that I'm in the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade because of you
guys it's just it's just so amazing so
thank you for all that you guys have
done I love you guys so so much
and now of my favorite people ever that
I want to thank are you guys just thank
you for being subscribed thank you for
being yourselves thank you for you know
accepting me for who I am and you know I
am honestly I got bullied for a really
long time it just on social media about
my arse and about how I wear bows and
how I dressed like I'm 10 but you guys
you know you guys accept me for who I am
and I am just I'm seriously I'm so so
thankful for you guys and I love you all
so much now quick little few more people
that I just want to thank really quickly
at the end of this video is of course
everyone from Dance Moms seriously I
want to thank literally every single
person from that TV show everyone from
all the cast mates
Abby Gianna everyone from all the crew
members every single person on that show
I just want to say thank you to you all
for the opportunities and thank you to
everyone at lifetime - you guys are
amazing
I just thought of another person who I
could think so I did a show called lip
sync battle shorties and everyone who is
in production of that I'm Katie
Patterson Renee Marco of course Nick
Cannon just and all the shorties I mean
- you guys are all amazing but seriously
it's just unbelievable let me just go
down the list - of people at stores um
JCPenney Walmart Target Claire's justice
Macy's I came out Kohl's I don't want to
forget anyone but um you guys the
entertainer Toys Toys R Us a funtastic
sombrero I'm trying to think of his
stores Oh
Tesco Primark I'm trying to think of out
of the country stores every single store
that carries my merchandise um you guys
thank you so much it's seriously just
the things that you guys have done for
me are just so amazing and I shall say
thank you all to you so much you guys
know who you are
if I forgot to thank anyone their names
will be down in the description but
seriously you guys I just wanna say hi
Thanksgiving happy turkey day spend some
time with your family for me spend some
time with your friends for me and eat
some turkey for me of course
hello guys so so much that is a wrap up
on today and I will see you guys
tomorrow bye guys love you mwah this
the candy store
