there are so many new things I'm
starting in the ghost portal see all
these mirrors it's literally a ghost
portal we are actually walking out of
our hotel it's kind of a smart idea
Wyatt kind of tiptoe
no I'm just kidding we don't got it
anyways here's the situation for the day
I am doing another book signing there's
the details right there and it is gonna
be in New York and I am so pumped up hi
I am so bummed out because it is gonna
be a great book signing in New York but
today I'm going to the book office
headquarters and I am going to go pre
sign all of the books that are gonna be
given away at the book signing basically
and it's gonna be a pretty fun little
baby day and then I'll do that I have no
clue otherwise what I'm doing but like I
say every single day it's gonna be a
good day and you want to know why it's
gonna be a good day because I'm wearing
Jojo merch and I got my Jojo more John
ah nice to meet you do but like I was
saying it's gonna be a good day because
I got my Jojo more on this t-shirts
actually from the subscription box and
then I got sauce on that if I'm Claire's
and I got this bill one that is it was a
spirit Halloween but I'm actually gonna
tell the bow makers I'm meeting up with
them tomorrow I'm gonna tell them that I
love this style of bow and I want them
to make it in like every single color
because I just I love it it's like my
favorite thing ever
and so today is gonna be a good good
good good good day so let's get this day
rocket and yes we just got up to the
office and check this out I got all
those all of those all those all
all those all those all of those and
yeah that's all we got but that's what
we have to sign so we're gonna go sign
these we'll see you in a second you guys
we just actually finished our cameras
out we got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 689
30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 but
you could do it for 5 foot 5 4 to 6
bytes everybody don't if you opt to
around 50 around 55 we'll just go to 55
because our pride miscounted but we just
signed a ton of bugs that are all in
these boxes and so now we're gonna cry
go get some food or go echo hotel wait
you guys I forgot to tell you something
so you know how a few days ago hi I met
up with Jeff Kenny who is the Diary of a
Wimpy Kid author right so the reason I
actually got to meet up with him is
because of my book publisher agency
company is called Abrams right and the
people that also do his book are Abrams
so look at this the room that you're in
right now has all of those books I
bought like one of every single one of
these I gotta show you guys something
about this room it's really cool so one
of my favorite things about coming up
here to Abrams is this they always have
the best food out look at this they got
a pizza they got ice chip they got us
grip they got this kiddy they got more
kitty they got any drinks I mean just
throw up basically I just love them so
much all right you guys let's taste it
now we're about to wrap things up here
we're about to leave we're about to go
back somewhere into the car into a hotel
then do a rest I don't know we gotta be
somewhere and you know I actually forgot
to tell you something so for my book
Jerry's got in the street life I'm going
on another book tour right there but for
the book okay so Howard out is like I
tell this person my story and I tell
them exactly what I want them to write
and then someone else they type it and
the person you've actually you've never
met them and so I thought I should show
you so this girl her name is Anne and
she actually she's called a ghostwriter
and she is the one who I told my story
to and who put it into the book
basically so helped me basically it's
how it works yeah so that's pretty cool
I thought I should tell you guys that
all right now I'm gonna see you
somewhere else all righty guys
where are we going where we going where
we going we are going to the Jojo Bo
headquarters also known as hei
I'm so excited this is the place where
we basically like they like decide all
the things here and it's just it's
really fun it's really cool here so
that's what we're going right now so
come on with me how do you guys check
this out we made it to the headquarters
you made it Asia this is my everybody
I'm the the the boss here and we have
Jojo in our showroom oh okay the boss
your favorite client har-har that's a
that's a very very Jojo see you are very
very good there are so many new things
here like I can't even tell you but
seriously I'm gonna show you some of
this stuff and you are not even running
are you eating right you're not even
ready ok now you're ready let's do it
there's some new hair brushes check out
all these new cool bows I mean there are
just so much
look at this one look at that one
there's just so much goodness crazy let
me tell you this is the wall of new
creations it is pretty amazing to look
at this you guys know how I've been
doing braids in my hair recently right
check there we got some new little kit
stuff some bows some shoe stuff like
these little shoe charms some hair of
gems like there's just through shoelaces
I feel like I can tell you guys there's
so many new things also to the bow of
the Month Club
I got see two and three and let me tell
you keep getting better and better I
don't put the link down in the
description to the bow club and you guys
need to go subscribe right now if you
don't know what the Boat Club is it's
basically you get a new bow that's
exclusive to it which means you can't
get it anywhere else and it comes every
month you guys so the new bow is coming
out on December 4th so go check out that
link that is down in the description and
subscribe to it right now because why
not
I just can't admit I guess I have it I
cover you know it's like like Christmas
like all these Christmas knows that's
just so it's like oh oh it lights up I
mean that is pretty fancy check that out
I'm just blown away you gotta get me on
a TV show or a series or something I am
potential in the making I could be a
superstar
Bryan Cranston
you forget better I do have it in on
lifting battle shorties happy birthday
happy birthday yeah okay but I want to
be with you oh you gonna be with me on a
sham would be a good idea all right
yeah hi okay you got it I can't talk
anymore cuz I got anyways you guys like
I was saying we made it back to our
hotel and we are gonna chill here now we
go to sleep - nah I'm tired I am
sleepies but I also jump I gonna film a
YouTube video quickly good as a that's
what I do for a living so yeah already
that so now there's a little situation
so I got my hair down and phrase because
I actually just filmed George's juice
for the week there's a night routine so
it ended up being pretty funny that is
why I'm all early up in pajamas and such
but hey I'm gonna show you guys somebody
gonna do that I actually do quite often
but I've never shown you guys which is
like the weirdest thing ever
so one thing a little singers trick is
like you run on the treadmill and you
sing your music for your stamina as I
says the Macy's parade we have a
rehearsal for it tomorrow but since it's
like coming up where they soon I was
like you know I need to like do that
like tonight I love my songs just say
whoa let go but anyways we're going
right now is to the gym so that I can
run on the treadmill and sing my song
kid in the candy store so then I'm ready
ready ready for the prey I'm already
ready ready but I just don't know you
know be sure that my stamina is the best
it could possibly potentially ever in a
million years be Artie
a workout room area at our hotel check
in a second you should always be sheriff
warm up before you work out because you
can't be pulling muscles all righty guys
and whores around I'm going to walk for
about 5-10 minutes just to get all that
blood flowed great baby baby just got no
tape then sugar in the air just look
around have some fun and dance oh my oh
my you guys what a workout that one I
just did that like 50 times I'm naughty
like okay maybe 49 times Bobby hey I'm
sorry you guys now we're gonna go back
with trumpet oh I'm gonna take a little
chill um what you doin girl oh I am
doing what I do best
what is it engine events because you do
a lot of things best what do you guys
doing jab your beautiful shoes my
beautiful shoes for what I made you guys
we went to the judge about headquarters
today change nothing you guys why two
three four big bags some of their Jojo
buzz we're just like well I think I have
a little something planned like up my
sleeve maybe for around the holidays
maybe I should tell them about it
tomorrow
what do you be on Thanksgiving it should
be the eyes should tell me Martha it's
up on Thanksgiving huh like it's a good
idea guys from are thankful for them I
am very very thankful for you guys and
I'm gonna show my thankful it throughout
24 days is something really cool yeah so
I got us you guys I've excited Fred
you're gonna be so excited too because
Goodwyn something are you guys actually
gonna vomit up here for the night in
Bobo you want to tell him why we're
gonna wrap it up well yeah
because my mommy okay she doesn't to be
on the blog nevermind I'm gonna wrap it
up because I am tired and I don't want
to go to bed so I look again so much
shot as a rabbit my today thank you so
much for being awesome I love again so
much I'll see you tomorrow buddy
