we are flying to New York City a little
world I guess and that good glad here
anyways you guys we have started this
day off right
we are starting it off early meaning
like 11 o'clock but it's fine we just
packed up our hotel room my security
bodyguard came to get it he's taking it
downstairs
anyways Baba what you doing are you
excited to travel and in your stroller
yeah that was not me talking Harvard
outfit of the day you know this is a lot
of children where said I have on so you
know you're ready for this I got my Jojo
Jojo here he's my Jojo shirt my Jojo
hoodie by Jojo geez
and I do have children socks on under my
Jojo Comics Bobo would you Jojo mark you
got you got a JoJo's use bola get this
bow is Jojo juice so you guys today is
going to be a great ethical day of liar
I try Ziegler my song that I invented
but we would film me so there's money I
will come I slept with 13 hours I went
to bed at 8 o'clock woke up at 9 o'clock
it's fine the situation of the day I
slept on a pull-out couch and it's
actually tempur-pedic and it's like a
memory foam I miss it so much I guess
but let's go get this day rock and
rollin you guys other than the stroller
being really nice in the airport there's
another purpose for it it's really nice
for vlogging we ended up at TGI Fridays
we're going to chill here we got about
30 ish minutes for them go sit have a
little meal meal this come be great here
I hand over to Hudson Jews which
actually at one point Hudson news got
Bose anyway so we are gonna get a little
sneak a nice snack any snack snack what
are we gonna get I don't know what I
wanna see if they have a magazine with
me on it and you what do you do we do
check it out they got a J 14 in your
let's go whom I shared with Demi Lovato
now Horan Shawn Mendes - Karen Miley
Cyrus Jacob satorious who else is on
who's down there Jenna Taylor Taylor
Swift and Harry's oh my oh my oh my
that's good people on there
oh man yeah got some mints I'm opening
them right away oh right if we are gonna
go border flight now walk over to the
gate hop on and then I'll see you there
okay ready guys currently we were
mid-flight I just got done watching elf
yes I cried like three times but anyways
it's fine it actually inspired me for a
new YouTube video I feel like making
funny they else be any I think I'd be
really kid so we don't you guys don't
see that Eddie was all those are you
dancing right now
she Pierre it's all the time on flight
and I don't like she's not hot but I
think she just kind of gets like a
little stressed out she was fans but
it's the cutest thing Richard fans
because they're a little BOTS of deep I
just so like her good bitch it so feel
it
anyway you guys we're about mid-flight
right now we got about four five minutes
left
I drew by no we're way over in flight we
were the final stretch of the flight
right there oh okay
anyway the other Galilean Singh and I am
excited but was as excited yeah it's
played we've been knowing new food and
water okay we got soft here did you try
oh right you guys all would you check it
out we actually checked it do our New
York hotel room and would you look at it
it isn't actually pretty nice so this
hotel room it's mostly like one of those
like cool where it's like everything is
smaller tones but it's actually like
pretty big hip boutique hip boutique
hotel oh okay are you gonna quit the
hotel room tour so you walk in right and
looking this is the bathroom and it has
this little hole I don't know why but
but we got we got the bathroom
yes clean very nice I've got this
awesome mirror which I would assume in
on it but I drop my camera in my zoom
doesn't work anymore I wouldn't zoom in
on it but I drop my camera in my zoom
doesn't work anymore I don't know I got
my little bed area pull-out couch we got
some chairs we got a really cool dog
Sheila we got a we got triplets I did I
did yeah actually I did I don't want to
we got now we got the mini bar where how
you keep all your drinks on things we
got the main bedroom we got the main
mama we got the main suitcase we got the
couch and the giblets yeah but we
actually across the hallway we have
another room where as Rubio keeping all
of our stuff so every like Joelle
where's all your suitcases that well
that's right it is 11:30 one at night
why didn't I know is that late and if
anything it really honestly feels like
eight o'clock at night right now because
we're on California time but anyways it
is late here so I need to get changed
into some pajamas
I'm about to go to bed but are you tired
are we going to bed yes we y'all got our
panties in a pull-out couch and I left
up in her phone in there key remote
which we're gonna do and we're gonna
play on a name but seriously you guys
think he's so much for hanging out with
me on this of a long journey it was
pretty epic today was a fun day
tomorrow's gonna be a fun day too
anyways you guys I love you so so so so
so much make sure you subscribe make
sure you subscribe to my main channel
makes you buy your chores make sure you
do all the things that you need to in
life alright you guys that's a wrap on
today love you guys so much it I'll see
your mom bye
