a little souvenirs out there this entire
little guys aren't that good good here
anyways you guys I am so excited so
today as you all know is the day I am
here in Texas in white settlement at
Toys R Us it is going to be epic it is
meet and greet day it is suing Georgia
products that I mean check this out look
at this they have so many Jojo products
on display and they actually have a few
new Jojo products you but I can't show
you those so exciting news the bone
maker is out which is so exciting and
wait wait wait let's come onto this
corner they have the alarm clock you
would you guys know I'm so excited for
and then around this corner is the new
stuff but I can't show you that I can't
show you that haha but anyways you guys
today is going to be an epic day but
this morning my dog was being so so cute
she jumped in her baggage she wanted to
come but her bag was full of things so
just check it out but was literally
trying to get her bag right now when
it's filled over the bows and thank you
guys now that leaves me back here but
check out this line at Toys R Us and
that leaves me back here where we are
gonna go chill the break room for a
little bit and then we are coming back
out we're gonna start the me angry I see
a little girl with your t-shirt on how
high you guys look gonna get this day
started are you guys we're actually
we're leaving the back room of Toys R Us
right now we got a whole squad of those
we got camera we got sound I got
photographer we got a lot of scared you
we got Lisa's here we got Genesis here
we got bananas here we go school teacher
there's so many people and look at what
y'all there's cupcakes here but we're
actually gonna go outside to where the
line is and we're gonna film some stuff
for this little dude look at that work
we're double we're doubling it up and
then I'm also gonna show you what's
happening on here so it's gonna be like
a double thing I'm giving out cupcakes
to people who do they make Jojo
stockings alright let's go right now
let's do it are you guys
yeah I got this awesome Jerry cupcake
chocolate loan job I wouldn't go out
like with big wide as a parent I you're
so cute you also had my youtube who's
that in your hand is that Bobo is that
Jojo okay Timmy
nice to meet you both
guys look at this they got balloons
awesome
oh that's so cool it's like small
balloons make some big balloons and then
they got big big bullies I have confetti
oh I need a confetti popper to go pop
this little background that says Jojo
and Nickelodeon and toys are wrong are
you guys though it's time to start to
meet me let's get going you guys a
little come here you want to say hi I
love your outfit your dog your picture
what's your name yes hi yeah guys this
meeting great is awesome check this out
some girl brought me a 12-pack a ramen
noodle choose the go at the greatest of
all time but this is actually so awesome
yours it hi-yah Bailey
this is Kinley and her friend come to
this is my event all the time and
they're always so we just wrapped at the
meet-and-greet there were a ton of
people here hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of people it was so so so fun
gonna meet a lot of little Q&A there's a
few of them I mean they're all over
there's one right there big old big wait
wait I'm the original see you later
Oh first time the best thing about doing
a meeting in a store is that you
convince them to let you go on the PA
the intercondylar monitor so uh about to
do that make sure you subscribe okay
subscribe you guys subscribe sometimes
you're talking to people tangling
because I can you guys all do me a favor
all right so I think we should all sing
boomerang what do you guys think you
guys what we just actually wrapped up
the Toys R Us meet-and-greet it was so
fun so awesome they let me go on the PA
how do you guys what that is actually a
bad move on this Toys R Us being greedy
and I am so sorry but that is a wrap-up
on today - I'm gonna end it here I love
you so so so much - I for the short vlog
but let's be real it was pretty awesome
vlog though guys so much as a wrap on
today and peace out
