my goal of the night is to not cry I am
really freaking out you know me okay I
am like it'd be number like number one
when it comes down to it I am done
number one pick one harbors that did
number one fan like literally I have
been obsessing birds now and you for
pride two years now tonight I am going
to dinner with someone from crazy that
excited like beyond darkness I was
nervous is you don't really get nervous
but I think you're like besides yourself
like our has been like so long like this
car I'm like puddle the fifteen Marvin
is if you are into some explaining I am
going to dinner with Jack ammo Jeanette
Tony I don't I'm gonna have to find out
how to say his last name I like Shane
Dawson trying for that's my last name
I think it's Jack mochi to Tony
something like that I don't know we
don't know that I don't
trees and him and I'm just so excited
and so thrilled back story I met this
guy before I met him when I would
tweeted this is a yellow light so I met
this guy this thing called weed I met
jack on there I was so excited I was
like a quick once I guess now I'm going
to hit her falling in volume falling I
was my goal of the night is to not cry I
don't think I'm gonna be able to do it I
think I think I'll get in the car and
I'll start crying like I'm yeah I want
to cry to get to the car that's like any
chance come just don't scream and don't
we got a date yet another guy how did
this morning start off this morning I've
worked a little bit this morning I'm
gonna have to borrow a lot tonight so
you can see the struggle that I had
picking out the outfit like how about is
your I can't even I can't
everything judge I put on which is it a
regular clothes she's like this isn't me
this isn't me this isn't me
from JCPenney with all the bugs on it
and a secret shut under and Seagram pans
we go it's not me oh no it literally is
you literally what if I got there I was
like oh yeah I went on YouTube
livestream which was really fine then I
got you
I literally away by mom five a drain
it's time to guess where we're going we
are going to dinner with De Luca from
gray oh my gosh wait wait we're twinning
training I love it any ano novo
I am planning on off hi Josh Giacomo
that's his lovely fiancee
I had the best dinner of my life and I
am really freaking out but it's really
okay jag about he is amazing he's
honestly I'm not a lot of people I miss
my mother
oh yeah all right give me that 20 bucks
nobody's yours is amazing here's what
I'd better people ever enough
right now yeah yeah why is he the most
perfect human being ever and she is
equally as happened that was unreal that
was later that same evening I made you
well I was having fun with Jack Moe but
I missed you too what would I even show
you to Jack no Jack more not knows what
my dog is yes I can't even tell you he
is the most kindest generous like I
can't even literally took two and a half
hours out of his st. Patrick's Day
weekend and hung out with a
fourteen-year-old and went to dinner was
literally the best night and now it's
time for bed oh boy you guys tomorrow I
have to clean my room like 100 words
that it is like oh boy I really wanted
to present I do need to clean my room
tonight because it is just I mean I
didn't want to show you this buttery
neeraj oh I mean literally what like
what like what basically I just haven't
unpacked my suitcase and I've been
meaning to but I really have had a day
off like today I had to get ready for my
jackhammer thing like all day today oh
but it's just like I just really like
there hasn't been a time where I'm like
like I don't want to do it right now
because it's like 12:30 at night I want
to go to bed I want to just like hang
out watch TV you know we've made a
little video game just like hang out and
be like a kid right and I'm like oh my
gosh I have to get it done because like
I cannot stand having messroom like it
literally gives me like so much like
nerves like are just make me so mad and
think that I have a messy room oh it's
awful but tomorrow I am supposed to be
going to iFly so my prize is that I get
to go and I fly but I'm not allowed to
go until I clean my room per myself
literally I'm so self-discipline come on
bus come on look at she's scared come on
you're right there just jump come on you
can jump come on
no really look how close she is to my
bed bow-bow job go
and literally a princess dog already
vessel I'm giving grabbing it up for the
day I love y'all so much and thank you
for joining me along on this vlogging
journey and I will what I will
