I've always wanted to do this and not
finally wrote it yeah kids read every
single c18 it was out that there's a
dire world I guess are they um anyways
you guys this is a very very late and go
to the vlogs and I'm gonna explain why
apparently that's about like two three
o'clock we're about to take off and head
to Dallas our flight was supposed to
leave at literally like 12:00 and it's
been so delayed it just kept getting
delayed and the late and that's what was
wrong with the door it was just a whole
production but it's okay because we were
now on the flight Bobo is your boat are
you having fun okay yeah she's having
fun
um but we were on their way to Dallas
tomorrow is the meeting we at toys-r-us
you guys that technically for you is
today I'm super excited to meet you it
is going to be so exciting anyways
though you guys it is just going to be a
great flat I can already tell because
you want to know why I could tell just
look at this we haven't even been on
here for like five minutes and she's
already sleeping goal achieved check
this out I got my Jojo merch on to do
and I got my Jojo goal my Jojo and I'm
Jojo socks on I'm actually wearing
mismatched socks so it's cool this is
what I get to do on flights I get a sit
here with this dog hi
and she just lays hey just so you
we will fall asleep now are you guys we
just landed and now instead of actually
going all the way up we actually kind of
have to wait here by this little door
and we have to wait for them to find
almost stroller up because and I see you
wanted to Governors are you guys I don't
know if you know this but right now I'm
in Texas and one of my life long dreams
is about to come true this is we don't
know what area it's not really much to
know that we've been here for a really
long time
but I've always ever since I was little
wanted to go in the middle of Texas and
just scream yeah and my lifelong dream
is about to come true you ready for this
my lifelong dream has happened cross
that one off the bucket list all I know
is that I've always want to do this and
I yeah
you guys were actually with it is a
little shopping lot right now and I want
to tell you something really funny so
these are all the stores that are in as
little shopping like there's home goods
Party City 500 days from Petsmart TJ
Maxx and who knows I don't know that is
one of you guys out of all the shopping
mall you can get my stuff my products at
three stores and get it at Party City
five below and TJ Maxx that's like crazy
I am back into my hotel and I'm actually
gonna wrap it up right now but first of
all we gotta check in with Bobo hi Bobo
how are you doing
okay are you sleepy yeah Bobo is sleepy
hey you guys that is a wrap up on today
tomorrow is going to be an epic vlog
even more epic or than tonight
oh is epic or work I am going to be at
Toys R Us through the meeting we um it's
gonna be so fun it's gonna be so epic
right Bobo yeah uh-huh
oh nice cool are you guys ever let the
rabbit one day loving us so much and I
will see you tomorrow bye
everybody's getting down in this town
ain't never gonna be the same
