hi what's up you guys give away all your
little souvenirs before I even start off
this vlog I just want to tell you guys
something very very very exciting I am
going to be in Texas this weekend and
guess what I am going to be doing a meet
and greet on Saturday turnout for all
the details I'm gonna be doing a
meet-and-greet at Toys R Us and that is
seven six zero six West freeway white
settlement Texas seven six one zero
eight you guys I am seriously like so
excited it's gonna be a meeting we at
10:00 a.m. on Saturday and I say is like
I cannot wait you guys all you gotta do
is go to that store which address I just
announced Toys R Us and get a wristband
all right and then if you get a
wristband obviously we get a
meet-and-greet we got a hangout we could
take selfies all the fun stuff like that
but if you don't get it miss bin do not
worry about it after than angry I'm
gonna be coming out in the parking lot
I'm gonna be vlogging I'm gonna be
having fun we're gonna be taking some
Instagram stories it's gonna be great
even if you don't get a mess bin please
make sure to come and hang around
because I do want to meet every single
one of you possible even if I can't take
a picture with each of you individually
I still just want to come out and say hi
to all of you and just hang out and just
love you guys and vlog with you guys and
sing with you guys and do whatever we
feel like I just know now if you want to
hear more about this meet-and-greet
either a stick around to the end of this
vlog or B check out the description down
below we see check out my Instagram I
posted all the details on there too bye
you guys let's get into this vlog
hey everybody good morning to all these
little c1a toes who are out there in
this entire world how you guys doing
today good glad you here anyways you
guys I was starting this morning off
right in the diaper aisle at Walmart
wide on the driver aisle because it's
the only aisle where no one was Ash blog
is going to be quite funny it's like
just a day at Walmart a day in the
typical life of Jojo so I'm out wallet
right now I'm going to try to hunt for
some Jojo merch watches backpacks
underwear t-shirts games jaws oh maybe
like some cosmetic things coloring books
posters I don't know what's gonna go on
an adventure see how many Jojo merch
things we have let's do it
alright so I can't check out the editor
yet because there's someone right when
they would be I don't put you in my car
you're just gonna have to deal with the
noises though alrighty
looks great you can see the any
underwear hold on
they don't have I don't know it
that is the cutest thing ever they must
Walmart shopping cars I got a question
for you do you know if you guys have the
Jojo see what my life doll you got that
stuff but you don't have like the big
doll like the my life
no do a lot of people look for that
really ha call it chief yeah yeah yeah
thank you guys check out a little bigger
they got the bow well they got the
microphone and they got that doll will
get wait for it wait for it yeah ok ok
you fell dude how embarrassing is when
you walk around and so many people just
stare at you it's kind of funny a lot of
people just look at me like why is she
talking to a camera in front of her face
this is the weirdest thing ever do you
think they make general ornaments they
should make jo-jo ornaments that's a
good idea
we used to be like how this meeting
forever ago and I remember them saying
that they were making a Jojo toothbrush
not like saying boomerang for like
enough we're like Kim K T's or hold the
drama or one of them but a horse can say
it one time I was here they didn't like
it did you did you oh and they have this
thing really I'm one of these gotta get
that and gotta get that yeah gotta get
that yeah of course you want to be on
the vlog say hi what's your name Marie
that's a really cool name but say
anything to them hi subscribe to Jojo oh
yeah they said they said that was a
little thing that I just met um and
we'll see what they do beetle um anyways
they do not have anything else over here
but but but but you also too might be
like Georgia why are you at Walmart now
and the reason being why is because
we're actually like getting stuff for
when we travel also I'm here on a dozer
merge hunt because like obviously my new
favorite thing is mouthwash and I've
been using like this mouthwash
you found it can I see it I am I've
never even seen that one before
where'd you find it at in the backpack
oh my goodness you want to say hi you're
gonna see this on my youtube channel
just joke to you check out riders Matt
say hi there anything you want to tell
these people in here I don't know who
they they're the super daters yeah I do
watch my youtube yeah are you subscribed
yeah goal achieved anything you want to
say message to all your Australian
friends
Oh yo-yo ball whoa that's cool check out
what else I got this is what they got
they got the karaoke machine
oh yeah buddy they got the killer yoga
machine like sing boomerang every day on
the day like me I look what they got
they got week I should snapchat tour I'm
gonna wait for it boy that was really
aggressive or that was a really
aggressive I think they could have a
watches I look at are you guys I worked
my way up to the watches and now it's
just kind of about looking there's
another side of them over here let's
check that my dad girl yeah
you wanna be on my YouTube video say hi
what's your name Leticia Leticia that's
a really cool name it's nice to meet you
well I spent a little mother c18 Oh put
up you guys okay look at all these
watches this is really cool to me look
at this so it's like all of these
awesome people lowers being just
seriously look at all of these logos who
I'm next to and then I'm like fangirling
over myself right now man they even have
the Jojo backpack here is me my backpack
it's just crazy me hi I'm next like all
these amazing different people like
shopkins paw patrol minions cars PJ my
like it's just it's crazy to me that
that's who I'm next to it's just it's
like so unbelievable in a way but hey I
mean hard work dedication and practice
can get you wherever you wanna be this
is like a day full of finding Jo Jo
watches that Walmart like literally
though do you know what I think the next
thing that we need to make is Jojo piggy
banks like look at they got like little
popper Totalus
I think we should make Jojo piggy banks
what do you guys think give it a thumbs
up if you think we should make a Jojo
piggy bank it's just so mind-blowing
almost to be like look right next to
Hello Kitty Minnie Mouse shopkins
shimmer and shine spider-man PJ masks
paw Patrol num noms of minions Avengers
it's crazy to me that next to all of
these people is me and it's just
unbelievable so unreal but it's like
it's so amazing and it really just
proves that like hard work and like just
following your dreams really and just
like knowing that you are the best at
being you and just really just not
giving up can get you like pretty much
wherever you want to go in life because
that's what it did for me and it's just
like so amazing and I just so happy it's
like crazy I can't like tell you are you
guys well I think unfortunately that is
all the Jojo merch that I popped that I
know
I mean I'm sure there's more jojomo
somewhere in here but that's all that I
can think of that they could potentially
have but let's go down to let's let's go
down the list so they had watches
posters toys lots of lots of toys
oh the cosmedix the the lipgloss um the
puff ball it's crazy to me that this is
my life and it's just so unreal that I'd
come to Walmart and there's little kids
that know who I am and that buy my
backpack and ask me to sign them in the
middle of Walmart like it's just so
amazing and it's just so exciting for me
to like be actually living on my dreams
are you guys so now I'm gonna go find my
mom where would my mom be oh how about
chef Marco and look for you Wow I just
feel cool I so I'm gonna hook up with my
mom right now we were gonna get some
food and then I will see you later
like literally my favorite you know what
this is doing baggies of Georgia but
right now I open it up and I'll show you
guys if there's anything really cool in
there alright you guys know there was a
lot of cool things in these boxes but I
can't show you most of them but I can't
show you a few little thingies so number
one is this little t-shirt it's really
cute says Bo's on my super fat one it's
got these little ruffly sleeves I think
number two is this little dress which is
so cute it has like a little bow right
there and has bows all over it right now
it's time to pack because I don't be
noticed but I'm leaving for New York
tomorrow and Texas tomorrow like I said
in the beginning of this vlog there's a
meet and greet going on in Texas which I
am so excited for so if you have not
already head over to Toys R Us I will
put all the addresses and times and
everything down in the description so go
check it out for them I'm so excited to
get to be to meeting you all and it is
just gonna be awesome
anyways I got a pack for those things so
we got new suitcases look at how cute
these things are Bobo and take your
stroller tomorrow that is some of the
clothes that I'm tightening over there
and maybe some new jojomo you're all
gonna go upstairs we're gonna start it
back
this bed is about to be full of closing
this dresser is about to be full about
them stuff in about three two one all
right you guys so actually I am quite
excited
I never packed this light and I actually
packed quite light and you might be like
oh that Jojo your hair is different in
your face looks a little crazy right now
that is a because my hair is like down
because I took it out and I like
literally like three hours since I've
seen you last
yeah I kind of like dig down and kind of
like wipe my face and you know just got
all comp anyways you guys that is
actually wrap up on today I gotta go put
all this seven suitcases in get ready in
bed because it is literally
right now so huh that's a wrap up I love
you guys so much thank you would be an
awesome people and I was you yes my
piece
I
