everyone who was out there this entire
little bitty world I guess they're dead
good blood here anyways you guys I have
no time today I do not have time to do a
confetti popper and you want to know why
because we are literally about to walk
out the door but it's okay check this
out we have some mannequins what were
you doing are joram right now and so
there is stuff everywhere in there if it
looks like there's something weird on my
floor did shows mannequin we are headed
to the Grove right now and we were gonna
meet up with Jeff Kenney and now if you
don't know who that is he is actually
the writer creator and the author of
Diary of a Wimpy Kid by book publishers
are the same so like they were hooking
us up and this is just gonna be a fun
day we're gonna vlog a little bit and
we're gonna go to Dylan's and I might
like play a prank on him where I haven't
had like twenty a Diary of a Wimpy Kid
books I like just keep fooling about I
don't know what it's gonna be but it is
going to be quite a fun day and that is
why you are coming along with me on this
day well yeah because I have a blog
every single day that could be another
reason why you're coming with me but
it's okay because it doesn't matter the
reason but that is the reason that is
why so yeah let's go do it
we were meeting them at the Grove and so
we are here obviously everywhere in
California you literally if you're not
from California you have to go into some
parking garage there's no like parking
lots it's like a parking garage or an
underground valley all again stranger
things I'm actually I'm so excited are
you excited for me no to meet this guy
Jalen it's gonna be awesome
I literally just watched it like
yesterday or not yesterday my last look
at how cute it is here they got probably
old Christmas decorations up we're gonna
see like the Santa house and like the
little reindeers that they have we could
see all the Christmas decorations not
gonna lie my house is Christmas
decorations are a little bit better but
these are still cool
amazing the grove is just amazing I was
actually I was walking up here and I was
explaining to her like look at what they
have in here like they put like these
crystals like these giant one and I was
like having a full conversation thinking
she was right behind me I turn around
I'm like oh whatever don't matter
I get the Grove they're trying to be me
they're trying to put bows everywhere
it's cool it's fine looking are you guys
so we are human fighting over right now
we haven't met up with Jeff yet but you
know what I'm gonna do check this out
there are a whole bunch of Diary of a
Wimpy kids here and now like I told you
guys this earlier he is the author of
Diary of a Wimpy Kid huge legend in this
world I am going to buy so many of these
and check this out all the new ones the
getaway is just amazing so I'm gonna buy
some of these and then I'm kinda like
hey Jeff what's up yeah nice to meet you
oh yeah check this out I need you to
sign all of these from him dude total
fangirl scummy great list there I'm
gonna get one of these oh my god how
many of these things are there you've
ever read his book he's a really good
author John it I'm ready to check out
gotta go this way let's go this side
it's just great you guys I'm pumped so
long how are you I got here I got 12
let's do it a lot of things in my hand
right now this is pretty awesome so you
guys this author is amazing yeah it does
don't you think he's amazing I think so
this is super awkward but I know the guy
who wrote those things so you a very
good taste in literature I have to say
wait you're the guys yes okay we will I
need you to make a huge favor
yeah I need you to sign a few of these I
will do that so if you could sign this
on this one this one this one this one
this one this one this one this one this
one this one this one
and and are you gonna sign your book for
me I've heard you're an author - I am
enough congratulations
a New York Times best selling guys you
should check my out I can assign
you a copy of oh wow where did that copy
they come but you guys to be a New York
Times best seller a lot younger and I
did so congratulate but you're a lot
cooler
alright now of course I have a question
for you and I think they have a question
yes okay I'm ready
where did this this came from failure I
wanted to be a common newspaper
cartoonist I couldn't break in so I
thought you know what I can't draw like
a grown-up so I'll start drawing like a
kid and so I came up with this idea Greg
Heffley and he draws like a kid so do I
you're brilliant well thank you very
much when one door shuts another door
opens right all right thank you very
much with all my diary of a wimpy kids
you know it was really nice
you're awesome and we're going to again
thank you all right so now I'm walking
around with Jeff right now but I got a
question for you ready the cheese like
that the infamous she's done that's
right the cheese touch came from we
actually had a piece of cheese on our
church parking lot playground under a
basketball hoop and nobody would go near
it nobody would use the possibility a
two-storey it's a real thing yeah in
fact now you have the cheese touch and I
don't
and you have to get rid of it you got
the cheese - accept it I just usually
take stuff from real life and then twist
it a little twist it animate it yeah so
you know this place well oh yeah I used
to live literally across the street from
you yeah sure I used to be on a show
called Dance Moms and Dance Moms filmed
right down the block from yeah yeah are
you most like ah no I'm laughing taffy
we're going to do is right now when I'm
getting on the plane or something like
that first I grab a plastic bag you have
to get the perfect mix right we sour
salty wait do you know the best you have
to try it it's so good they're called
like sour cherries maybe I had one no
are you allowed to you have to pee first
right you can just like you just take
one this ain't good no they don't in
fact I'll pay for the extra one very
sour but they're good aren't they
at the runs I think the runts are over
here yeah yeah right oh yeah I'm gold I
know I got I gotta fill up a bag I mean
I think I gotta show you how some
candies done oh we don't even do bags at
my age no no no bags no bags we come
over to the pucker powders and we get
the biggest too big all right hold on I
was setting you down for a second you
take your big - I'm gonna see you on one
second once my tube is filled up that
looks fun this looks fun they all look
good all right you guys so you already
know right man I am at Target it is just
another day at the office
oh who should sit they might poop what
am I getting I'm getting holiday onesies
and I'm finding Jojo roids so yeah let's
go on an adventure
do they have my book Oh nope no rope I
found it I found it oh yeah so here hi
you guys so I got my camera all set up
and we are ready to rock and roll this
target adventure let's go all right so
stop number one we are headed over to
the children's clothing department no
we're under it Oh
I know we're under under under all right
so good news last time I was here they
had like three full rows of this
underwear right one pair down there this
row still full and like one or two pairs
up there go legit you do you guys
alright now what am i fine make them
look pretty wait where are they supposed
to actually go though we're actually
just gonna leave them down here because
this is where all the little kids see
and that's where you got to put them so
right now I'm currently trying to find
the Jojo purse and I know they've had it
be here before but they don't have it
anymore so yeh look at they have a
Georgia bow but look what happened to
this Jojo bow someone destroyed a Jojo
bow this is very very damaged thank you
yeah no one find that Jojo pono gets a
different Jojo pull water think thinking
check this out they got the Jojo hats
here Bolton I hey buddy how's it goin
wasn't like being the face of Target
oh yeah Jojo ball like Jojo bows that's
what I need you Christmas onesies okay
all right well we're Christmas onesies
me so if you don't know at this target
they have like this little like heart
thing and like it's an escalator because
it's a two-story target so we'll put you
on this thing
oh yeah baby you surprise
all right let's get you back up going
the right way and now I am down in the
woman section because it's downstairs
not upstairs you guys I thought the
Christmas onesies oh my god I'm gonna
get Santa Claus ones check it out check
it out I found him I found the Christmas
one things I found the Christmas onesies
oh oh yeah bitch oh okay I need to be
done yeah the bigger the bed
we should make Jojo minutes I don't have
children days but they should make Jojo
band-aids no kitty makeup but I have
found a lot of Jojo merch I found one
Christmas onesie now I'm going into the
child section to find the other person
this onesie because that's what the same
haven't actually told you why I'm buying
these um so basically me and my friend
Kalani were filming a YouTube video
tonight and we're doing a holiday
carpool karaoke and so I need like
holiday onesies but partying I need one
sees
okay so bad news I can't find ones these
good news is I found these little soot
things I think I'm gonna get one of
those you think I could wear this thing
it'll fit let's try it on yeah it fits
this thing bit it's cute let's do it
alright you so now the next thing that I
want to look at are their toys to see
you know if they have any cool toys oh
yeah baby
check out check it out check it out
check it out check it out check it out
okay so they got one of that doll left
and check it out they they have like
five of that doll left that is amazing
I'm just I love it oh yeah baby check
that they got the dancing guys coming
home for a good total of pilot for five
ish hours but we have been working so
hard for these past few hours on the Jo
to room and on the upstairs but um the
reason why is because a the showroom was
a cluttered little baby mess and then -
because Kira and Kalani are coming over
so is basically just like make the beds
sweep the floors and that's it but you
guys this Jojo room is actually insane
because we just updated it there's so
much new merchandise and I was like you
know what I kind of wanna show you the
new room because it is just unbelievable
check this out look at this I mean it
just looks so good in here it looks on
so now I'm gonna show you a few of the
things that are actually new in this
room so first of all the big things out
are new these shelves used to only be
like these three or four and then we
added all those we added all of these
shelves we decluttered all of the
pillows we changed this up and made it
neater we added this with all the
backpacks right here we added this shelf
on top of here we got rid of the
backpacks and we added a shelf right
there
we hung an umbrella on the doorknob and
even we cleaned up the t-shirt so really
the only thing that hasn't changed
either bows but they're still cute
obviously there are some new bugs added
so now let's find some of the new
product so basically some of the new
products are obviously all these hats
are now the judges you have my life
dolls are now
Russians knew this little Bobo look at
this a little Bobo first underwears near
what else the BU Journal the Boat Club
there's literally just so many new
things like I was gonna try to go around
a name all them but like wow there's
quite a few I didn't realize how many I
love this little jewelry set it's like a
bigger version this one is still like
awesome and will forever be my favorite
bond it's just so big and there's so
many and I just love it so much but
seriously like I just can't even like
there's just so much new merchandise and
it's all because of you guys so I love
you so much
I always bow pose what you doing hi you
were asleep and I woke you hello
high-five yay you want treat down down
roll over go ahead
yeah okay she's really gonna rolling
over but she will not do it on the
hardwood flower I might show you in a
few vlogs later I might show you can
roll over a little in later later maybe
a few days later but you want to see
something really cute so watches say you
know I'm like Gold's dog mom and I
bought the dark stroller right check
this out check this out so Bobo's come
on we're leaving
you ready watch this you ready beauty I
believe in you want to get you stroller
get in okay edit that out think it's
really scary
come on Bobo's we're gonna need you want
get your stroller you want get in come
on boys get in bubble
get any shine get in bow why do you need
rubber now get any stolen yeah okay I
think you're a little scared over that
first which I don't know why but she
eventually got in which is all that
matters it took her a minute but my
daughter is so smart I got mom goggles
on alright so now what I'm gonna do is I
am actually going to chew on my computer
and go through more of those photos
before they get here we got about 30
minutes before Kira and Kalani come over
um so I'm gonna go through those photos
I'm gonna find a new profile picture I
got Bo and her daughter stroller she's
literally showed his comments in x3 well
I work it's the cutest thing ever
all right you guys two percent left so
I'm gonna end this out here I love you
guys so much thank you for being awesome
thank you for being yourself that you
were who you are that's a wrap on today
I'll see you guys around
bye
