hi guys are today good - glad here today
is a full busy day that I am just so
excited for but you already know how I
had to start every single day off and it
is like this oh yeah every single day
party no getting glitter everywhere is
the life is advocate it is just so much
fun but on the agenda for today is a lot
of things let's go down the list sad and
cool are coming over and everyday of
course and we're gonna film some videos
which are actually coming out today as
you guys are watching this it's pretty
up already on my main channel so go
check that out I will put the link down
in the description we were doing the pet
food versus real food challenge on my
channel and like a holiday lip sync
dance battle on their channel do both of
these videos are gonna be hilarious so
make sure you check them out
obviously the link is down in the
description show you know what to do
after they leave but we are going out to
dinner with Kira and Kalani who I have
not seen literally forever so I'm so
excited to go there
Sami cold oh they're running a little
bit behind so I actually I have time to
show you guys this and I am so pumped I
have to show you guys the pet food
versus the real food that I bought 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 there's 16
different things of pet food and we feed
that match up so I wanna show you what
we all got obviously got some celery
some Scooby Snacks slash little bones we
got some cheese's looking things we got
some pigs-in-a-blanket sausages and a
blanket we got some what's that thing
called oh it's our sausage
you got some gingerbread men we got some
chicken we got some beef jerky we got
some donuts we got some bacon we got
some chicken potpie
where you guys from Oreos we got some
candy canes we got some pretzels we got
some pasta and we got some little
cookies you guys so if you want to see
us eat some dog food go check it out the
link is down in the description and
check it out check it out check it out
check it out check it out check it out
check it out actually kind of a tongue
twister but this video is actually gonna
be hilarious oh I'm so excited to get
together with them but you guys I am
just so ready for today I am just in my
Jojo merch I am just done with the photo
shoot that I did yesterday I am just
pumped up so excited red and blue room
excited Jojo room excited
we're excited like I'm just seriously so
excited it's gonna be a great day so
let's go get the day rolling I'll see
you inside and cold over baby I'll see
you before that I don't really know but
you know I am NOT a fan see you to where
I barely used tripods I like I'll
literally stack things out to make a
tripod and said she's getting my tripod
never use lights just like random things
like that that I just don't do I like
I'll film on my phone like just I'm not
fancy right I was like today I want to
be a little bit better and I want to
like be fancy right so I go and I get my
life that one of them up boy it looks
good I'll show you the other one I have
it in here and it broke I don't even use
my light and my life bro look at fans
a.m. today I got my light and I got a
tripod like what who is this Bobo's are
you excited for snapping cold Agong okay
yep she's excited mom is so mad because
I was like trying to be all cool and
driving y'all fancy and then it broke
that√≠s just frustrated okay it's not a
bad thing right now for real I will see
you in Savin polar here are you guys
and Davin corn oh yeah we just film the
dog food versus real food on my channel
nose hilarious and now we're in onesies
feeling onesie dance pal these videos
and I'll see you guys in a second this
is what's going on right now
we just wrapped up the video again yeah
we did yeah I understand why you haven't
became one yet boys I did just grab up
filling videos they were both hilarious
link it down in the description I'm
telling you guys the pet food versus
real food in the dance battle I mean
it's just everything so check those out
I'll see you guys in a sec alrighty guys
a little savanna and cold left which is
sad but anyways it's fine it's fine we
finished up filming it's just sad when
your friends leave I have a little break
now before my mom is coming back home to
get me before she comes back home I was
going to go through all those pictures
and decide which ones I want to keep
like from yesterday and so I'm deciding
which ones I want to keep
there are a lot of pictures I mean I'm
just gonna show you this so this is my
computer right now and I'm not even
joking you all of these are photos got
half I have to go through the other half
and I've already gone to about half of
this takes a while but I just got to
delete the ones I don't like and then
don't do anything to show the ones that
I do like then I gotta edit the ones
that I like and it's just a whole thing
make sure all the Lighting's right make
sure everything's in focus but you know
it's fun I I want to do it they said
they would edit it for me like and do
that but I was like but Instagram and
stuff like they don't need to be like
edited really so it's really just about
picking out which ones I like there's so
many of them but that's I'm doing right
now so in case you cared in case you
wondered I mean of course you underdone
spray like you why are you watching my
blog but it doesn't matter you guys told
me how much I weigh right now I can see
now like like weirdness like she's so
much hotter than you
well we're actually leaving dinner right
now but it was great it was delicious in
case you care sure I'm involved in the
conversation tech mobile so what you
doing I actually just got done editing a
lot of things I just made like a ton of
outros for videos so you might see one
at the end of this vlog if not you'll
pricey them in the coming vlogs because
they're like not fully finished yet but
but you'll see them just just be on the
lookout we did this pet food vs. real
food earlier today and I have some of
the leftover pet food and my dog is in
heaven this is like a little kid game
ride bomb type thingy majiggy that she
likes and she chewed on for literally
just an hour and now look at her she has
another little bone thing what do you
got Bobo and she's looking she wants
this thing to right now she Bobo you
can't have both
but she's seriously like in heaven look
at this bone that I got her though it is
huge it's everything I'm actually gonna
wrap it up right now for the night so I
love you guys so much that's a wrap up
on today tomorrow is going to be an
ethical day and I'm so excited to have
that plan but uh let me guys so much and
I will see you Ron while I see you
tomorrow because it's every single day
so my guys love you
