100 alpha today challenge okay I'm
trying to do this confetti popper but I
have plenty in holding you and I have
one hand holding this popper so like on
the agenda for today I am actually doing
a photo shoot I don't know if you can
tell in that background there is a full
photo shoot set up going on in my house
right now
I am hanging out in the gingerbread room
this is actually my first look of the
day I got some Jojo jeans on and some
Jojo shirt on and we just why I'm doing
this photo shoot a lot of people are
like hey we need a headshot hey we need
a picture first
we've got like just stuff like that
words like we need pictures and tell you
now I'm already wrapping some jojomo and
I got your socks on oh yeah love it I'm
literally gonna do it a hundred look
photo shoot today so it's gonna be quite
crazy and took a hundred hundred alpha
today challenge are they testing like
beanies here to make thank testing the
lights over there huh no Bobo's come
here what do you think of that and guess
what
Bob wasn't even gonna take some pictures
today so they're gonna take some pics of
Bobo's she's so excited she's not
excited oh it really is gonna be a great
day today I can just tell
eyes are they testing the lighting right
now so let's go dear banjo turbos yeah
okay next nag the edge of the peace sign
got it a few signs yeah
making fun of me not gonna lie this is
like outfit number 17 I've got to vlog
me literally half the outfit so we'll
just go like Alvin number 20 maybe so
Alvin over Johnny number 370 all of the
Jojo toys in white I mean check this out
we got the dice David buss turbo game to
my left all the scrapbook stamp set the
microphone the doll the doll the micro
the headphones and fiamma a bow maker
one of the bow maker
we got a pillow oh and another pillow
oh yeah oh oh avalanche oh well I gotta
get this set back up and we're gonna
reshoot so I three hundred and eighty
seven thousand two hundred and ninety
two this is one of our last shots of the
day Bobo don't you dare go to the
restroom on that pad but anyways back to
what I'm supposed to be doing I just
thought it would be a brilliant idea to
have all of the Jojo toys in one shine
just check this out like you're actually
so many Jojo toys like this is insane
there's the dancing guys getting the bus
to bogan the my life dog the Stamper
said the Jojo target Barbie doll the
Jojo microphone the Jojo bow maker
another George of Omega but this one's
come around Rose or else in the US and
I'm so excited over that said I like
Jojo Barbie doll in the headphones into
of course I got some pillows and here
because like why not but we gotta go to
get to this last photo shoot a little
stop right now so bye guys see what say
we're ready to rock
well this last shot of the day let's do
it
