good you know I'm just so glad to hear
that
yesterday but I didn't want to show you
it today it is a Joe Joe Christmas tree
that is a celebration you stay here and
now there's a Georgia tree you're fried
like Joe Joe you look fancy and that's
because I am fancy we are headed to a
movie premiere of the star story of the
first Christmas but from the annals
perspective I think it might be very fun
but there was also one room though that
I haven't shown you that that I'm gonna
show you later bye Oh for real is time
to go Bobo you're not coming I'm sorry I
know I still love you
hi how's it going
subscribe while you're at it they got
pretzel and they got cheese count me in
we're about to walk into the movie
premiere
and we're going to watch it and I'll let
you know what happens after it I'm
probably gonna film inside there because
you know you can't do that that's
illegal the movies not out yeah but I
will let you know what I think about it
later hi do you guys well the movie was
actually quite amazing we all loved it
so much but now we are headed over to
the Grove I'm gonna go get some food
we're gonna go shopping we're gonna go I
don't know what we're gonna do it's kind
of weird because when we were out in
California for Dance Moms we lived
across the street from The Grove so this
is like literally like where we used to
come like 24/7 and this is like our old
streets and like it's just it's crazy to
think like how far we've come from
living in that apartment to like our
house now making a jojo's you a tree
like it just it's unbelievable it's
crazy much it's gonna be crazy it's
coming busy but hey it'll be fun
hi so we just got to the Grove and we
did not know this but apparently tonight
it's actually their tree lighting
ceremony happen and tonight is the night
that they light it all and all of the
stores are closed they all closed at 4
o'clock so now we are going to make our
way over to Maggiano's and it might be
like sell out I can't even fly here but
we're going to the restaurant first yeah
hours later alright you guys oh sorry I
just got so confused but here's the
situation so we actually be just a
Maggiano's and it was delicious but you
know for this rule I'd like to vlog at
dinner because or at lunch or at
breakfast because this thing is is that
it's just kind of like a nice time for
me to chill take a break hang out with
the family not worry about you know like
working does that make sense that kind
of side of weird because you guys are
not a job it's just a lot of work if you
know what I'm saying I am so full and
now we're trying to call an uber and
it's a little confusing Oh turn my light
on we just got home I'm going to get
comfy so I need to change into some
pajamas oh yeah so that is actually much
better now I
my Jojo pants on I got my Jojo Boeing in
I got this awesome youtube hoodie on
today was a great day I'm not gonna lie
I'm not gonna have to right here though
take my camera downstairs odds are I'm
gonna show you nothing here's the
situation and something funny happens I
will show you what if something funny is
about to happen I will show you but like
it's kind of weird to like vlog random
things know what you guys think just
check out that that's fun but chase if
we got another Christmas tree but I
think I'm gonna make you wait until
tomorrow to see that one a Jojo oh yeah
so you guys I used to be this move it
was a tilt drop this is my tail drop now
ah
time guys but you don't lose you don't
lose what you do lose you lose
forgetting I get a loose game of cards
I'm actually going to wrap it up in here
because I worn out cards and we have
this awesome Jodeci of Christmas tree
that you guys know you love it is an
epic Jojo Cu a merchandise Christmas
tree and also too I'm gonna give you a
quick little sneak peek of the room
behind me you ready
whoa all right that's all I think Pete
that you get for the night I will show
you that room tomorrow anyways you guys
I love you so much thank you for
watching what do we all do today we went
to a movie premiere we went to the Grove
we showed you the Joe Joe Christmas tree
oh yes the letters of rabbim on tonight
love you guys so so so much what we're
doing tomorrow I have a big photo shoot
so yeah that'll be fun and then you guys
I love you so so so much thank you for
joining me on this love log adventure
and I wish you guys well boy o Christmas
tree o Christmas tree o Christmas tree o
Christmas tree o Christmas tree don't
receive a Christmas tree
