it looks so good I'm so honey let
anyways you guys today is another
celebration selwyn everywhere today is
another celebration and what is going on
today's we re set it up for Christmas
it's going to be quite an epic day and
I'm quite excited there's literally look
at this look look at all of this Wow
Christmas time I got a shirt on that
says ho ho I got a red Christmas go on I
got Joe Joe stop Shawn under these shoes
that have red on them yeah that's my
life what's yours anyways let's get this
dead Rock and both well you can't tell
this check now we already built that
tree
we already mailed that tree there in the
tree cooking up in here and also over
here we got picking up some food sloppy
joe joe you're the string and not the
wind and I'm the kite
I'm string what do you guys think should
she be the string by the way anyways
doesn't matter doesn't matter doesn't
matter no no those are ours anyways we
are going to be making a quick little
pit stop to target so all's you out
target already so we right are you I'm
here with left paw paw that's weird I
should just call your dad the first
place that I come when I'm at Target is
to check and see if it has a Georgia
underwear and guess what they do they do
I am that mom I am the mall that brings
my dog in a dog stroller
all right just a little teeny time-lapse
obviously you did not see the finished
time-lapse but the room that I was
working on I finished it and you guys it
looks amazing finish my room and let me
just tell you it looks so good are you
ready to see it if you cannot tell it is
gingerbread themed and it's so cute so
now we're gonna go we're gonna get a
closer view at it let's do it so on a
table we all love Christmas countdown we
got some snowflakes right here but but
look at this tree like this tree is just
beautiful I'm so proud of it we got all
our little gingerbread men walking in a
circle just look so cute over here we
got just love things in the little
cubbies little cubbies little cubbies
little hobbies but wait there's more
there's more so a below our TV like
right here there's like a tiny little
gingerbread man village it is so - I
don't even think you understand like
just this whole room is adorable I will
say the other room is turning out really
cute see but until like this room the
bus and yes I am that mom okay we don't
need to focus on the dogs chilly but
this room actually looks so good and I
am seriously like I'm so proud of it me
and Jane work so hard and it looked
amazing let me tell you it looks just it
just looks perfect not just I'm in love
with it what gingerbread candles oh
don't play with fire at home kid
anyways yes it is about to smell like
gingerbread in here you're not gonna be
able to smell it well smells good
already gonna give you a sneak peek in
this room no you ready three do one I
think me if you get cuz we gotta go
finish up that room so I like it
alright you know I just fell over but I
kind of meant to fall over on purpose so
it's not an accident but it's still kind
of felt weird Oh anyway so here's a
situation right now I am actually about
to go to bed I'm not gonna wrap it up
though yeah because I always I've
wrapped it up in my bedroom that's just
that's just how it works I gotta put on
pajamas gotta take my hair down and then
I gotta put a bag on my face is getting
really really into my head right now
it's getting really awkward good we're
good we're good it doesn't matter
anymore you guys I just I seriously I
can't even believe how good this looks
like just
my goodness this picture just looks
beautiful like you haven't even seen
those two rooms yet that which are both
decorated for Christmas like it's just
unbelievable and if you're wondering
like Jojo you most people wait till
after Thanksgiving to decorate for
Christmas
um here's the thing as everyone does it
differently but you know we usually do
it after Thanksgiving but then like I'm
not gonna be home after Thanksgiving and
then it's gonna like be Christmas and
then we're like not gonna set up we're
gonna set up earlier this year enjoy it
we still haven't Thanksgiving it's still
gonna be epic but like you guys I just I
seriously I just can't not with this
like it just looks on be believable like
we got the little village and we got all
of these thingies like it just just
looks so good yeah yeah they're not mom
I know I'm an awesome dog wall but so I
told you that I have to come upstairs
now I'm just switching to pajamas now I
always want to order pajamas and you
already know this is an Instagram
t-shirt the issue is is that the Jojo
pajama tops just don't fit me well the
bottoms do not alike I look great oh yes
I am back in my room right now and I am
currently about to go to sleep first so
I love you guys so I just around 1:00
today Bobo's hey come here good good all
right you guys me and Bobo's we're going
to bed right now it was the cutest thing
ever she would lost where I was and I
was in my mom's bathroom and she was
like devastated she was looking for me
and then I was like boom I'm in you and
she ran to me I was like the cutest
thing ever today what do we do well we
set up the Christmas decorations you got
to see the gingerbread room which I love
tomorrow you'll get to see the other
rooms hopefully um what else did we do
today we went to Target today that was
pretty fun we had a fun day today I'm
one way to run tomorrow tomorrow we're
going to a movie premiere right dinner
do some more decorating stuff and I'll
get to show you that I don't know I
don't know what we'll do in tomorrow
because it is not tomorrow yet although
technically for me it's in a way
tomorrow it's not now yeah what just
goes it's not tomorrow yeah anyways you
guys just check these pants on they are
just like the cutest thing ever I am
just like seriously
slightly in love with them anyways you
guys that's our battle on today love you
guys so much
well we see them tomorrow yeah we will
yes you will see them tomorrow
usually with me tomorrow hi you guys
zero outfits out
