I can't even believe that there's a job
nobody here that'll break you want
to know why it's a celebration because I
street dancer all right and I used to go
to all these dance competitions and I
don't do them anymore
I don't go to dance competitions I don't
do things like that but today I'm going
to support my friend Patrice just got a
low girl she is going to be competing
for very first solo she's doing its
kidney cancer so it is going to great go
and go see her at the competition and
you know why everybody ala right now but
the celebration today you guys out of
the situation for the day we're just
chilling you know I go a whore does it
like the confetti I'll clean it up with
my Dyson got it empty the tank my god oh
my do it is you guys so what a day I am
walking over here I'm going to turn the
lights on right now we've this little
button in our house and it turns on
every single light anybody at this out
Christmas trees all set up on Oh what
does weird gap is right here maybe we
should like fix that that's not the
point of today I'm the point of today
was that dance company she was actually
pretty epic it was pretty epic if you
saw it great if you didn't see it great
out of that I don't know I don't know if
you saw it or if you didn't but if you
did great you did it great doesn't
matter either way what the heck is this
ringtone but I was actually kind of a
long conversation with my mom I'm not
gonna lie but anyways it doesn't matter
where was that where was I Wow God what
was I talking about the point of what I
was talking about is getting to the Jojo
March and so basically what happened was
is I just got this package in from
Amazon and check this out Jojo alarm
clocks I even know people still use
these alarm clocks right I go online and
I realize they only have two of these
things left so like that's pretty cool
means a lot of people are buying them
but like I thought most people use their
phones I'm not using my phone anymore
I'm using this Jojo alarm clock like
that's crazy
there was actually so much more Jojo
merchants I think a lot of you actually
realized uh I'm gonna currently place
this in the judging room and then I'm
gonna show you what our Jojo room looks
like right now the Jojo merge room
because actually is so cool because
there's just so much Jojo bush that it's
like insane by it so brace yourselves
because this room is a hot chaos mess
here so uh third you want
yeah like I said a mess is that a Jojo
blue stick Halloween costume bows more
bows over here and more backpacks more
microphones the my life jaar this stuff
from QVC these stuff home target like
down in Munich so many this you can get
at Target I know that for sure I mean
another scrapbooks at a hairbrush a
swimsuit like there's just some crazy
things check this out look at this look
at this look at this little boo boo like
your bow bow that's you you love it do
you love it yeah you do okay no you
can't bite that I only have one of those
but check this out look at this these
bows are like huge no big deal no huge
check this out these are what I wear
like 24/7 a jersey of jeans it's just
crazy to think that I have all this Jojo
much like it's just didn't say so you
know tomorrow's going to be a pretty
half a day because we're decorating for
Christmas
um tomorrow is also gonna be an epic day
because I have an epic YouTube video
coming out on my main channel that I
still have no idea what I'm filming so I
know it's gonna be epic
I'm gonna go figure that out and I'll
see you in a second buddy what are you
doing Bobo I have to deal with that
every night she takes my socks off but
look at how cute this is she's in her
Christmas pajamas she took her little
legs out but like it's fine it doesn't
matter anyways it's a rabid Wednesday
love you guys so much and he's not ye
