this entire little baby was a good glide
here anyways it's currently 8:30 in the
morning I woke up at 6:50 this morning
and so I have been going for a while I
got dressed I got ready because today is
we did and you know what that means that
means it's time for a celebration baby
Wow yeah well that was a good one
actually 8:30 so we are like four
minutes late but it doesn't matter let's
go have a great day today
alrighty you guys so I'm currently in my
dressing room right now there's a food
there's the good stuff and we're about
to get the show starred we got like four
minutes so I'm gonna I don't know what
I'm gonna do but this is my hair it
looks pretty epic this is my face it
looks pretty epic you know life's great
I just check it out we are behind the
scenes right now at we day yeah walk
into the stage right now I've already
been on like how many times I've ever
been on
alright well I'm 14 yeah I got four
genes a lot I've been having on a lot
today greeting it's just like so cool
and it's so amazing this little girl
who's speaking right now is so cute
she's a vote Obama and got him to come
she literally was just like my water is
yucky it's making people sick and I want
to meet you and you came it's just
honestly such an amazing an event and
such an amazing organization so I'm
going to get my camera to my mom right
now and I'm about to go back on and
she's gonna film a little for the
audience dumb little me feel a little of
whatever she feels like they already
okay let's go by the way you know you
love my confetti pop this morning replay
in slow mo I told you it was really cool
I told you that you loved it but I mean
yeah yes I'm up on stage yeah they
literally just call me somebody
Oh
this girl she write until she was a
dancer and then she was running the boss
to bomb it like when the Boston bombing
happened and she was running in that
marathon then she lost her leg
so recently something that's really cool
to me about this event is actually that
where we're walking back to the room
right now but it's mainly like these
people's stories where they were so like
the life was like all lows and they
found the highs in it and so it's like
really cool like um but he the last
class was here what she had like a
terrible online bully and it was just
horrible but now she's like empowers
everyone and she's like stands up for
anti-bullying which is so cool this
crummy no the Boston she was in the
Boston bombing and she was a dancer and
then she's like he's inspiring people
like there's just there's so many cool
amazing people here about one amazing a
little cool little not really a person
that's here is oh well and she's hanging
out on my dressing room so we're gonna
go say hi to Bobo OpenFlow doggins I'm a
shy guy she had a bow in but clear
clearly she took it out pimble was gonna
take it now just kidding no naps allowed
I was to go backstage let's go you just
can't come onstage what it's fine it's
fine she's still gonna watch
upon the show non-arab upon today today
today is not over yet today we still got
to fly hold on hold on I got you I got
you I know we actually still have a big
day ahead of us we're gonna go back to
the hotel finish packing up and then
we're flying and flying with Bobo is you
know I already got I got a little piece
of Hubba Bubba go go go I'm on my here's
the situation I change obviously as you
can tell got back to our hotel we
chilled reordered some pizza which is
price no left over there on the table
but me and Bob's yeah my mom of course
are about to leave bud go to the airport
okay she's excited you guys guess what
so we were at the airport right now it's
pretty epic isn't it my mom found a
store and she wants to buy a jack and I
think she said if you can till I do have
tinsel in my hair can you tell can you
tell can you tell I don't know if I told
you this my mic broke so how to get a
new mic and then I got the new Megan the
new mic just broke i fixed the new mic
old mic wasn't fixable but the new mic
wasn't fixable but soon gonna break my
camera because this is what i do i go
like this and i and i switch hands and i
flip it like i like like that and it's
very stupid and i should not do it but i
do so whatever it's fine it doesn't
matter cause the try that bobo chew my
microphone attack also check this out we
found a little hard drive dropped her
off just as here then dead I didn't be
smart okay do what the right thing is
before God I battery could die the
battery good job I gotta take us on a
tour okay okay you don't have to be on
there
bro
well I've already so we are currently on
our plane right now you know this is the
cutest that I have to deal with like
falling asleep she's been asleep then I
kind of woke her out for the vlog it's
fine it's a thing only 45 minutes to a
land so like
it's like we're gonna land it I'll see
you so we just got off my flight and
literally I walk out we're walking a
baggage claim and I get paparazzi but we
were like you literally just walking out
I walk and I get paparazzi at the
airport that was at first
ELISA say if you were Pavarotti and
you're wondering if you should come find
me come do it because it's fun and you
can be on my blog I did for them all
I've liked that because I was kind of
come to these efforts that I was like
idea what's going on right now yeah yeah
that's okay so you're like a kite you're
just gonna fly the way I'm just gonna
soar okay be the string okay you'll
always pull me down as watch yourself
lose it you should be the wind moving me
fly string close the kite down those are
the haters I like the analogy Oh all
right we're going we're gonna get in the
car let's go are you guys would you
check it out we are actually back home
right now oh it's currently biting my
toes hey you like my judges socks always
represent oh yeah and it's have a bed so
I'm gonna change into some pajama oh
yeah that is one hard words I'm better I
love repping my Jojo pajamas and I'm
about to go to bed I met to go sleepies
because I'm tired but what he tired okay
great that's what I saw it was everyday
it was great we traveled we found a ton
of Steve inators in one place which is
gravy day I got Bob ROTC to play Bobo
maybe there's a wrap up on dinner I will
see you guys tomorrow I say tomorrow
because I'm along every single day it's
a peace out guys bye subscribe like
comment ok bye
