five below Georgia little baby would I
guess or is that good I am just so glad
here that anyway I have a little
question for you guys today
what's poppin that was not as fun as I
expected it to be doesn't matter because
we got another one yeah some litter snow
angel anyways you guys so this is my
life I sweat glitter everywhere we
spread the holiday cheer you should
subscribe because why not today it's
gonna be a great day so if you don't
know I'm actually in Minnesota for
something called v-day I'm hosting it so
it's pretty it's pretty cool today we
have a rehearsal for weed X don't gonna
end up at Mall of America
I'll buy more of these things because I
just love this so I get this day going
check it out we are here at we day we're
here in the oh look at Jimmy John we're
walking around to the little backstage
halls Jada is hear y'all say hi this is
my hood cover with Kyrie like like Kyrie
Irving right it's gonna be great to
watch we actually came back from All
America out rehearsal say I told you I
told you it'd end up in my America and
that's me right now I'm at dark Martin's
right now and I just bought literally
the cutest shoes ever
they are glittery and they are vapor and
about two pairs of you can't go through
life with one dream it's a cute cz I do
too but I will show you them give me one
second let me pay and then I'll show you
I just paid and check-out so these are
the ones that I got they are anybody
brings into the light Jada do you like
them yeah now we got to go find my mom
cuz I'm just kidding Candice we're gonna
go find her we're gonna go shopping it's
gonna be a great day you know why it's
gonna be a great day cuz I got my Jojo
jeans and it is always a great day when
you got your Jojo jeans on and hey Jada
I think I heard Jojo more chocolatey
let's yeah well it was just there oh it
flipped it flipped through a bow and
then it flips to respect the boat she's
just so cool cash on your shoes she got
her new joke Dona she's on stop him stop
so you guys I feel like I already told
you that today was gonna be a great day
but you know how it's gonna be a better
day cuz I already lost my camera today
and you know I just found it or just
check over there I also do
I just bought some the shoes they're
very cool look at this they're like
there's sequins but they like flip and
then they're like vivo harder and polar
I am
you see that very cute happier
I don't you think you have goodbye -
check out what else they got for $5 out
5 below they got the genitive Dan's a
dice game
do you like the dice game yeah they got
the Jojo lipstick I mean you could have
blue lids or Yelp you could have yellow
lips have some nail parties tonight
though I am so much Georgia boy here
they got the lipsticks they got the
beanies they got the dancing guys kids
they got the nail I about 5 below right
now and they have so much Jojo it's like
what I'm like not even lying I still
can't even know that Jojo murtaza -
another main reason I'm here is because
me and Candace like to play this game
called speed and I actually I just found
them I'll let you know who wins alright
so I know you can't see it but in here
it actually you just have to take my
word it's a Jojo steel opposed you can
read it right there it's a Jo don't you
go wait for it wait for it one more
thing in five love
what did I cheat so now unfortunately
Candace and Jada and Kay have all left
is very sad leaving them but I guess
where we are we're hanging out in front
of 21 right now another thing with this
store is either hit and all by 50 things
or it's a total mess and all by nothing
is there in case you're wondering
forever 21 was that kids I got three big
bags filled up with clothes we came over
here to get it Locker and then we find
this little booth desk thingy
almost dropped my camera but I did it
but they have a shopping cart ends on
now I'm gonna put my camera in this
shopping cart we're gonna roll and I'm a
vlog I'm gonna be happy and that is
gonna be my life now we're in Claire's
and look what we found we'll go we've
got all of this
Jojo more they got the book they got the
hat I got the makeup bag and they got
the earrings and they got the water
bottle - yeah and they got the journal
kit and like look at all this - and look
at this wait wait and they got the hair
now they got these earrings and they got
a bow surprise and they got bracelets
and a little coin purse and little
keychains and little memos another
little kuipers and Wow same socks that
I'm wearing right now wow I'm loving it
McDonald's party guys with autism Zampa
ponder damn back at my hotel we're about
to go to bed - I love you guys so much
let's wrap peace out subscribe and Bobo
y'all say anything
trying to thought up a fire you guys
love you so much and peace out
oh wait I forgot to do this thing night
