we are hanging out in American Girl doll
anyway you guys good morning to all of
you little soon 800 meters out of there
happy that was a weird intro for how you
guys do that good glad here anyway you
guys I know it is going to be a good day
today and you want to know why it's
gonna be a good day I will tell you why
it's going to be a good day
because I am starting this day off of
nowhere else but Mall of America and I'm
not even lying you guys I am so pumped
Ali is here with me we are gonna write
Ninja Turtles right there and like 1.5
seconds coming into all the otherwise
now we're gonna go shopping it's gonna
be a great day and you know how else I
know it's gonna be a great day because
I've dropped my camera three times
already today
alright so we just got up Ninja Turtles
I it was pretty epic I got that close
for floor rotation didn't make it
exactly but hey I still did pretty good
do you wanna know else I know it's gonna
be a great day because I am covered in
Joe George again another day
come on bill my earrings my shirt black
jeans and and and I have socks on I do
not have the underwear on because I
cannot fit the other one
alright I know he's not we're gonna go
on SpongeBob
which is like the craziest roller
coaster ever for show but it's so scary
it's so epic it's like my favorite
and look who's here she came over come
on - all right are you ready to ride are
you excited yeah yeah yeah
water tally now in American Girl doll
party got to check out we are hanging
out in American girls off Jada is
getting something but I haven't even
told her anything yet about washing yet
or anything we're gonna like surprise
her gonna pick one bye bye whatever she
wants Jada are you having fun yeah go to
surprise you can pick one thing in the
entire store anything you want I'm not
gonna get it for you
is that cool alright I'll let you guys
know what she picks is that the washing
machine blue eyes we like the washing
machine yeah we're gonna go check out
what's upstairs upstairs is ready cool
adds that a popcorn maker that's pretend
popcorn don't eat it
see I like this because she likes the
little things so it's good it's a good
thing I'm not gonna lie Gaeta what did
you end up getting yeah you got that you
got the cast and the feel better kit so
if you don't know this this was actually
what I liked as a child I like the cast
and the doctor II stuff and there's one
she picked no I did not tell her to get
this I actually told him to get to
gymnastics then she wanted to feel
better kids like my kid yeah are you
excited yeah I just I just love that
that's what she picked out I love it
alright you guys were in this kisser and
my mom was turned around and I go hey
mom can I get this it's a literally of
like three foot no it's as tall as me
it's literally it the ends on the ground
right now and it's one of those pucker
pops without even turning around she
goes yeah so now I'm gonna like show her
what it is I love all righty
yes and you just said yes I'll look it
so all right you guys we're happening in
the elevator right now we just got a
little pickup right we're all I said oh
wow
wow it's Church on yeah great job on
your shoes you guys are cool shoot oh
wow
all right you guys well guess what I'm
chillin up in my Jojo robe right now
that's what's going on that's go to bed
so I goodnight cheer all I love you all
and peace out I'll see you tomorrow
peace
