what is happening you guys good morning
to all of you little seamen a doable
universe our Blair how're you guys doing
good I am just so so glad to hear that
here's what's going on I am chilling on
this little window seat it's not really
a window seat but we're gonna make it a
window seat anyways right now as you can
tell I'm still in my hotel in New York
City and my brother is over there and my
daughter
that's not zipped she's not forced in
there she's just chilling her way I
guess how my dog works today I am
leaving New York which I'm kind of sad
about good news is that I'm headed to
where my going to Minnesota I'm doing
something called weed amp co-hosting it
so I'm excited for that gonna go to mom
America gonna ride the ride oh no we're
not gonna worry about what's gonna
happen in the future because we're gonna
worry about what happens right now we're
leaving New York
oh I would even alright cool that's are
you excited to done with your mama so
that is the situation for today what is
your situation for today alright well my
audio is probably trash right now
because my dog Oh took my little furry
thing that I think my dog is quite
excited I mean look at her she is just
going ham on this fake dog bone she
literally brought from Nebraska or not
from Nebraska from California to
Nebraska to New York and now to
Minnesota all by herself no American for
her which is like the weirdest thing
like can I
can I have it please so you know are you
sure check this out look at me and Bobo
and my mom is back that should we found
one of those little card things we're
going down over to our gate so that's
probably pretty far why that's probably
why he was like oh yeah thank you we got
through security
easy breezy my bag did get stopped so
and the reason why I got stopped is
because I had a water in it typical all
right you guys so check it out we were
just like sitting here enjoying some
food and looking wait what's your name
what's your name ah ha ha wait where are
you from South Carolina South Carolina I
love it and check it out she's not
married she got a job oh and she's a Cu
inator she's and so should you
you should subscribe to Jojo she's
awesome but currently on the flight
right now and Bobo is just freaking out
she's staring at everybody she hasn't
booked yet which is a good thing
hopefully she doesn't bark this whole
flight although I don't have any treats
for her so it's kind of sad I feel bad
for but it doesn't matter we got bomb
seats we got okay ladies and gentlemen
do you know how there's been something
fishy going on with this one but his
past few days I finally got over it but
now I'm back to it I just feel like
there's something fishy going on in our
head I know it's going on with him well
and something's going on with him well
and Bobo told me thank you so much you
want some water
there really is something fishy going on
I'm still trying to figure it out
well what special delivery
we're landing so that's pretty cool so
uh party you guys so here is the sticky
situation so uh we just actually landed
we landed our wheels touch the ground
Bobo jumped in her bag so fast I can't
even tell you Jess right boys we gotta
play I don't know why she literally was
like you should blog this why do you
want me to vlog so bad something's fishy
should I stop now what should I keep
going I don't know the situation is I'm
just gonna add bogging apparently the
vlog because my surprising you guys my
best friend surprise oh my god can you
really be an actress you did because it
was hilarious
peeked around the corner comes they hide
everyone but she's my best friend I've
known her since she was like eight it
was like seven we're over 97 but yeah it
was seven and so she there if you
haven't put it all together this is my
mom that is Kim Welton Halley's mom I
remember a few vlogs ago when I was like
yo my mom is texting him well and she
deleted the text she's not showing me
the text something is up got this
troublemaker and she did pull off the
ultimate surprise I've no one's going on
I said I I don't know why my mom was
good vlog it's like she's just like
baggage claim I don't I don't get it
golly super best friend just surprised
me then Minnesota Highbury twins
Wow how does every great night and every
single great night ends at Target me and
Haley are gonna go on a mission this is
a giant target let's go just saying this
target they got the coolest doll ever
they got Joe just do boomeranged all in
they got the new Joe Terzi boot off only
at Target it's pretty epic Halle are you
gonna buy it
yeah you should if you guys know me and
if you watch my voice you know that
every time I come to Target I even
search for the underwear and you guys I
am not joking you they literally have
the underwear they have the girls Wow
you know so here's the situation so me
and Hallie just ran I'm very very tired
we're running back to go check the
magazines we've down the books
pepper then I said you've seen that
before boo look what else we found
amazing Thank You of them and it kind of
labelled and has my face on it and has
the jojo logo and its secret and sparkly
and it's just spitting myself it's
everything you guys you know what I'm
saying I think you know what love is
like
this love all right you guys let us wrap
up on jello yeah so much thank you for
hanging out with me on this vlog on this
journey on this adventure live guys so
much we're back in my hotel room we are
going to go to sleep because well you
know I'm sleepy and a xylophone today
thanks for following along and I will
see you guys tomorrow i watch you guys
smart because i yeah long every day all
right these guys
