Wow I gotta wash it along can I go see
it this is alright you guys what is
happening good morning to every single
c18 Oh what's going on are you guys
doing good I am just so so so glad here
the idea is to check that I'm chillin
I'm a black bull hichy spongebob
attorney it's actually really cute that
I love it and I got some cheese on it I
got some cool shoes on it like do you
have my gold glasses but they're in my
bag um anyway so this is the situation
of the day I'm actually her souls right
now but um this is now morning check it
out you doing today my shoes so squeaky
and now that leads me back here where I
actually just wrapped up rehearsals and
like that for seconds know I just get
any but I'm active rehearsals as I did
that injure but I was like you know what
I'm gonna vlog today because I've long
every day and that's just how my life is
we are in New York City we're gonna go
get some food I don't even know what
we're doing tonight but I know that it's
gonna be fun because somehow every day
in my life ends up being fun even when
it's terrible you know when it's
horrible still ends up being fun let's
be real alright guys so we're back at a
hotel and I'm I am prone right now there
is a my dog what do you want to bet
she's by the door right now guys this is
what I live without even know what the
camera angle that you just saw was but
little dish unilever again like all I
vlog for like the next few days I
literally just gonna be Bobo are you
cute currently in the bag of a taxicab
sitting three peas in a pod really and I
am in the middle no I don't think you
understand what I am doing though
I left my dog now I'm in the middle but
it's good news is we're going to
Mastro's Jane are you excited yes are
you excited beyond judge are you excited
yeah I'm so excited I'm so many friends
are you guys check it out we are at
Mastro's I'm with Jayden and mom and
Jess and we're gossiping right now we
might just be gossiping about what I'm
doing for Christmas for you guys I mean
I don't know all right you so with John
gossiping but now everyone's getting
their food and it all looks so good I
got this thing my mom got that thing and
my dad thank you thank you and my dad
got something really weird I can't get a
flat yeah it's crazy how was your food
kids oh so good
Tom how's your food fantastic had Jojo
how was your sure to get out so many
friends laughs I'm so now what's going
on is we are gonna go back to the hotel
I'm definitely gonna watch Grey's
Anatomy tonight but I can't tell them
that because I'm not like supposed to
stay up late but I'm just happily so
yeah we are gonna head back to the hotel
and we are gonna get in another tiny cup
small baby car so it's gonna be fun do
you guys know the struggle of trying to
find a new wrinkle wherever we are New
York it's actually kind of difficult I'm
not gonna lie guess you have to go in
the middle again me it can yeah
hey you wasn't planning me before we're
back in hotel which means I get to see
my little dog oh oh wait for it yeah I
called it by the way you guys were
really good and I didn't unboxing of it
all right so go check that out off with
the Lego description actually like
yesterday and my dad and brother had
these like had no strip think about you
know what Oh bloggers know what I want
to do I would vlog me doing that think I
gotta wash up my nose and then I'm gonna
like do that thing they got the
washcloth so what I'm washing on right
now is makeup I have makeup on one
minute
37 seconds later today I look like
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer Rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer
okay that's enough dancing to that song
I guess you have to get your nose wet
and then you put this thing on your nose
drive to leave it on for a while move
strip bump ouch all right so a simply
peel this thing out this is a little
thingy
now I'm gonna wet my nose and then I'm
gonna put that thing y'all my nose all
right I can't tell him my nose was like
wet or not but whatever we're just gonna
go with it feel like I'm gonna really
regret this decision but like whatever
okay I'll put it on hold on a few
minutes later
okay well it's definitely the crappiest
job everyone anyone to ever done I'm
putting this the art I just sound like I
have a cold
come away 15 minutes and then it's gonna
be done I'm gonna peel it off and
hopefully something will come out oh wow
I did one of these before to dinner Oh
Oh
oh my god that was a whole bunch oh wow
I gotta watch this I'm off that I gotta
see it this is seriously guys I'm
honestly I'm not gonna lie that note
same kind of hurt but it looks great I
mean my nose actually looks and feels
amazing I'm not gonna lie but a quick
little I'm dressed a very very very
fancy it's time to get changed
check it out I told you this outfit I
mean it's brought our comments literally
I'd love my same exact pants on and I
put a hoodie on so like that's my life
what's yours it's a whole rainbow bagel
and Jayden decided to break the rainbow
bagel so now Bobo gets another world
bagel bagel you want a bagel well and
she can't bite into it you just ruined a
$5 day okay I liked it yeah you want my
bagel Wow all right cool okay you want a
bagel did go all right guys hi change
I'm tired I'm sleepy and I would watch
Grey's Anatomy so that's a wrap of one
today logo so much then I was invited I
will I see you tomorrow because every
single day I subscribe
