it's Bobo's birthday good morning to
every single student who is out there in
this entire world hi guys are like good
I am just so glad to hear that a lot of
you actually probably don't know what
today is and today is a very very very
very very special day for me and AD the
reason why it's a very special day for
me is because it is bobo who is my
favorite little snuggle muffin it's
Bobo's right says hey if you don't know
about where she is my doggy if you don't
know Bobo or if you do know Bobo today
it's actually her birthday so excited my
baby girl is two years old today so I
thought I would donate this YouTube
video to it that's a weird thing to say
I thought I would let you guys enjoy
this YouTube video of all of Bobo and
Bobo and eyes fun videos together I just
thought it'd be really fun to little
make a little montage of all these and I
thought it'd be really good so I hope
you guys enjoy it but you already know
before I even show you that that I have
to talk to you guys about Bobo for a
minute let me just start off by saying
he's passed almost two years ago will
have been the past two best years of my
life ever since I got this dog every day
makes me happy like and it seems like
cheesy to say that like every day like
seeing my dog makes me happy but like it
really is um and you might be like
Georgia why is your dog not here now
like you're talking about it where she's
actually Nebraska right now with my dad
and brother not gonna get to see her
tomorrow but I will get to see her the
next day we've been apart for like a
month
she is seriously like the best dog I
could have ever asked for I got super
lucky with her she is so cute and she
has for this thing of her head has such
a big brain and she's so smart now
without any further ado here is the
world's cutest montage of my little dog
Bobo
to give up uh what you doing are you
burying something very very wonder what
she's buried in what if I just came up
and picked it up yeah
yep is Lincoln in there now do you dog
it's gonna take the ones you rather
worried do you have a chicken tender
what are you gonna do yeah yeah but
chicken dinner chicken under its there
doorbell
all right you guys I hope you enjoyed
that montage as much as I did it was so
cute little bubble girl oh my goodness I
miss her so much but good news is and
not to Mars vlog not the next is wait
wait not this vlog not the next vlog but
the next vlog out it will be my reunited
with boba I don't know that was really
confusing
I missed this little nugget so much but
I really hope you enjoyed this video so
if you did be sure to give it a thumbs
up be sure to subscribe because I post
on your every single single single
little baby day also too I need to say
something so in my main channel we had
4.7 million subscribers so I feel like
every time I'm saying something about my
major like I said on my vlog second
channel you guys guys four words every
million like crazy
my goal is actually hit five million by
Christmas so if you're not subscribed
and I will put that link down in the
description anyways you guys subscribe
here because I post every day and if you
like this comes up and share with your
friends and go watch another one of my
videos get my guys please so let's let's
wrap up on today a bruiser
