all right you guys well good morning to
every single Steven ed who is out there
there's an entire little baby world hi
guys aren't that good I am just so glad
to hear that anyways check out who I am
hanging out with today they're doing
some videos and he was Benny Jake ball
he's got his jojomo Tron right now she's
got her little Jojo we are filming some
videos I actually babysitted Titus who
was playing mini Jake Paul at the time
it was hilarious so you guys are gonna
want to make sure you keep an eye out
for that video so look at his little
riot just saw my Jojo room and you look
at her face she is literally in heaven
no one of those do you want to Jojo doll
okay oh she didn't I know what you would
like wait for it I think she would like
a sticker
juju sticker now I've actually gotta see
you in the future
two hours late oh hey yeah look at that
it is Jojo from the future that titus
kid is actually so stinking cute a video
you guys are actually you're gonna love
it it was another one of the babysitting
videos that I do what you guys love I
mean I've done it with Tatum and Oakley
so far and then I've done it with
everything
now this little kid is so cute and then
yes let's happen right now don't want to
happen right now is Tanner and Oakley
and Kyle learn matter actually coming
over next and I am filming another
babysitting video with them and that's
actually gonna come out today because
this came out today and that's gonna be
the jodas ooh she's got a film not quick
edit that quick and then upload a quick
hook getting phone call that was
actually kind of I'm mad and like I was
saying I'm building another babysitting
video with them and that's come around
tomorrow or today tomorrow for me but
today for you guys so check that out
I'll put that link in the description
they're coming over right now bringing
Tim and Oakley we're doing babysitting
overnight and they just called me and
they're gonna be here so we're gonna
film some stuff it's gonna be pretty
epic it's gonna be pretty hilarious and
those babies are just like my favorite
little children ever so much gonna throw
it in games and future future Jojo that
Wow two futures wow that's crazy and
it's gonna be pretty epic let's go hang
out with Tatum and Oakley alright yeah
so I told you that I would be hanging
out with Tyler and Matt and km and
Oakley and he are actually audio down
right now we just filmed an epic
babysitting video it's coming out today
actually so the link will be down in the
description for that it's seriously
though like so cute and so funny I
babysit them overnight it was action and
saying but now we're about to go
trick-or-treating for those channels you
know what you guys I'll see you in a
second No
I did rotate him in ugly war hilarious
and Kyle and Matsu we were triggered
treating at like noon which was pretty
fun so I babysitted them overnight and
it was ha Larry assumed you guys need to
check those out there on my main channel
and then over on Kyler magic Channel I
will put all the links down in the
description man there's a lot of links
in the description today hey someone's
got my door wonder everyone just being
at my door today I wonder who's there
what do you have I do know exactly what
this is because obviously I know
everything about my life ok so basically
what this is is it's like a monthly
subscription so a new boat comes out
every single month and this boat is
exclusive only to this specific box
basically you cannot get this bow
anywhere else you will never find it in
a store there's gonna be different ones
every month and you'll be able to tell
because there's a number one right there
but like seriously it's just so quad I'm
so excited to be getting to do this Boat
Club is unbelievable if you ordered and
subscribe to your JoJo's Boat Club you
should be getting your very very soon
I'll also put that link down the
description it is so cute you guys are
not gonna miss out on this anyways let's
open it up so there's a number one there
one sparkly it is Heidi so basically
rebel eyes I this is the pin of its
search innocent hashtag Jonas Boat Club
um kids different pin in every month
this is this a good man so again this
bags has a number one on it so that's
how you know it's for only the first one
Jack I've been giving some colorful
commentary behind there I still ever
losing battle yeah I was like dude just
come just come over here because you're
clearly wanting to do the unboxing - so
uh Jeff is unboxing time we got the one
you know something cool there's a one on
the cab so this is about it's so cute so
you will know every single different bow
like that it's like in order so that if
you have them all you'll have like 12
different motors by the end of the year
I will link it that description down in
the little ball I will leave a link down
in the description is what I meant to
say it to you guys I remember that like
diamond origin if you want to check it
out it's pretty awesome mom should they
check it out yeah do it subscribe here
too I guys I'll throw it to future Jojo
down alright you guys so here's the
situation I am sitting outside of my
garage right now there was an airplane
flying over me messing up my audio but
it's fine reason why I'm sitting outside
of my god is because I actually just
finished Halloween decorating like I'm
not even lying it looks actually so cool
so I thought I'd show you a little bit
of it and introduce you to my little
friend over there she's my friend but
seriously we got bubble makers we got
fog machines we got pumpkins we got
light green Ghostbuster goblin thingies
it's pretty epic here my house is gonna
be fun tonight and we got like good like
movie theater sighs - Kandi's getting
out and bags of chips so like we're
gonna be the awesome outside and show
you guys some of my Halloween
decorations actually I thought I'd show
you all of my Halloween decorations
let's be real so first up we got my best
friend Charlie's almond Gosling god
that's her name Charlie doesn't gulping
God is the little green Ghostbuster so
then check this out we got a lot of
these little pumpkins we got like one
over there - over there we got like one
over there they're people I'm getting
things are everywhere
forget it is we got like cool design
yeah my mom did all this together like
we did teamwork and it looked pretty
epic let me tell you our favorite thing
that is in our houses are bubble maker
like check this out we budget funnel
bubble though because why not and once
it gets going it pumps out some serious
bubbles and so then one other thing that
is that we have is a hearse of fog
machine that's very disguised so watches
I'm gonna put the fog on and then I'm
gonna like run and show you from the
front now I gotta go inside and I gotta
get ready so uh I'm sure you guys when
I'm ready would you check it out I'm
chillin in my Halloween costume now I am
Joe to see what someone just came to
onto a trick-or-treating and they all
are you Barbie I said I'm Joe Joe say
one got my Joe Joe Bell my Joey watch my
Jojo tattoos my Jojo hoodie my Jojo
shirt majority
but George's use and my Java I'm
slightly obsessed and my Georgia
earrings man I am a Steven aider there's
a lot of people on Instagram who just
apply as me for Halloween so I'm hoping
that I get to see people who dressed up
as me like here I think it would be
pretty fun people ever gonna go Chad
we're gonna pass our candy it's gonna be
awesome it's gonna be epic so let's go
do it we are that house that has the
best candy check this out so we got like
a big movie theater boss and then we got
bag the chip snag me one of those I
don't mind if I do we got a green goblin
over there we got the bubble maker going
and we have a gun I haven't plugged one
thing yet and they're like you are you
going I was like yeah and they're like
we read your blog and I was like bye
guys people are awesome drink on to me
what are you
hi Jaime I love your outfit
all right you guys so here's the
situation right now I am currently
getting stuff ready to download to my
computer to create a thumbnail for and
to upload to YouTube
I need that have a little chitchat with
you guys a lot of people who came up
obviously like middle trick-or-treaters
they knew who I was I'm no Joe Joe's
though which was kind of sad but it's
fine it's all out on Instagram anyways
so um a lot of people came up in more
like yo Joe Joe Sui up your Joe Joe see
whoo yeah they they didn't understand my
last name which is totally totally fine
but I thought I'd give you guys a little
class you think I should give him a
class mom III could she thinks I said I
thought it'd be fun to teach you guys
how to say my last name because a lot of
people don't know how to say it which is
totally fine say how you want like I
love it either way so how do you say my
last name is actually see wha cuz I can
see and then a W a so think of it like
that
Joe Joe see you wha see wha see you
wanna see you wanna see you wanna see
what I'm actually gonna wrap it up on
today so I love you guys so much that's
a wrap on today make sure you guys
subscribe because I upload here every
single day it is pretty awesome and it's
pretty epic so I know you guys so much
and I will see you tomorrow peace out
