hello you guys welcome to my youtube
channel good morning to all you see what
it is you guys I can't even tell you I
do not get mad at my mom very often but
right now one of these times I am very
angry and very frustrated she's a little
high yang Jimmy straight up lying so
basically I have a friend Holly melon
and her mom's name is Kim Wells right so
my mom was texting Kim Welton today cam
if you're watching this you're in
trouble too and so she hold your phone
like this mind you I have my mom's phone
all the time
I've read all her tax I like I literally
she has me sent texts like she doesn't
have anything to hide so like what's the
issue right and she knows and she goes
like this
and she always just like doesn't even do
anything she'll just like key technique
and I leaned oh and even she was sexy
and she went like this was no foul and I
was like what are you hiding and she was
like oh nothing and I was like okay
you've won you would never ever say that
what are you hiding nothing oh by the
way we're headed to turn you right now
that's a god of but seriously okay so
then I saw I definitely an okay wait no
no then she goes text the the realtor
for her house right and she didn't give
me her phone so I was like tell me what
you're hiding she's like no and I was
like well usually you would give me your
phone to send the text tell me what
you're hiding and she was like no and I
was like give me a phone she's like now
so then I vividly
wotcher sit there and delete the text
from Jim well it I don't know if you can
see me right now there's terrible liar
but leave it just right no no hold on
hold on hold on we have to stay in here
for a minute
yeah shopping no no no I just got my
lighting is it here no you don't get
your purse you don't get your purse
so basically I want sure to leave the
tax and she's sitting there deleting the
text and I just now cheat she wanted she
goes I can use all my passes for this
and I go no because I tell me what
you're doing with Kim well in and she's
like no I'm not taking anything why'd
you say that I go I watched you delete
the tax and she goes what
and I go she wasn't lying to me this all
day and then she goes I was acting
around a dance convention and then I
check a check those are from last night
she's not a liar I would call Kim Welton
in this storm you text her this morning
and I wanted you to leave a message
guys we're having serious issues but
just getting so frustrated this cart is
not gonna be my friend I'm facetiming
Kim right now on my mom's phone because
I don't believe her because she's lying
to me see this is what I'm talking about
so my camera is on this tripod right now
and the frustrating oh I'm literally
holding this right now I'm so angry
hands off trying to rig my tripod how's
dad oh look at that I got it to work
check this out I'm no-handed right now
situation or the elevator oh right now
from me I gotta go get some food and
some George and I gotta go buy something
I don't know so I just gotta want to
target adventures so there's actually a
little issue though is like at Target
you act you're like you're not supposed
to fight I'm just really not nailing it
today but I'm at Target you're not
pretty much supposed to film in here so
I'm not being very discreet about it but
you know whatever it doesn't matter
you guys this is actually so annoying
all right so I got it to stay so I'm
just gonna it's falling out all right
you know what we're done with that so
I'm in target right now and they do have
these Jojo gloves good news they only
have one of them hashtag goals they have
a lot of these hats which means they
must've just put them out so I check
this out you guys okay look at makeup
they got a Jojo hat and check this out
the Jojo hat matches the awesome Gator
boys priapic huh sighs the more Jojo
merge what else do they got this little
jackets kid that's not Jojo Rocha
you want to find the Jojo stuff cuz
that's the good all right you know what
I'm gonna put you down there for a
second I guess doing you're doing good
you like this angle up my nose it's
pretty nice huh
so what targets actually supposed to
have a few fun new things they're
supposed to a have the underwear which
is pretty epic and B they're supposed to
have a little purse thingy
this doesn't have socks this goes to
have more bones it was a truly like make
target I don't know a lot of things so
that's what I'm on a mission for right
now you just really know that you love
this ankle right now oh so no I did not
find the underwear unfortunate but I'll
check out what I did find
look it from a little purse check it out
it's so cute they got this little
cupcake actually I'm not gonna buy it
because I already have like 15 at my
house because I love them so much and I
already bought them anything dang it no
they don't they don't they don't but
they should be getting up soon which is
pretty cool so uh hopefully when they
get them I'll show you oh good news - is
that target is supposed to be getting a
lot of new things so uh I don't exactly
know if this was released yet but uh I
know I saw it somewhere so I think it's
fine I'm actually doing a collection of
a dance skin which is pretty cool so I'm
that's really fun so you don't know what
dance skin and it's basically dance mode
for everyone I think it's gonna be a
great collaboration and this stuff is so
cute and it's like called me but you're
gonna love it
I gotta go find what do I gotta go find
I gotta find zip ties covers and dog
food and you know what else I'm gonna
try to do while I'm walking I'm actually
I'm kind of trying to rig my track wad
again alright so I don't exactly know
what kind of big I just got but somehow
my camera is on the card to be real
honest I have no clue how it's on there
but you know what we're just gonna leave
it because it's there I literally feel
like Liza Koshi right now with my camera
on my car like I just feel so cool I got
a mime dog where is the torch stuff in
dog stuff usually my babies don't know
on you look at the heavier picture
together by the troll alright so I'm not
gonna lie I got my camera just rigged up
here so I'm not gonna take it off but
I'll bring it up to you
they just got restocked here they got
they got fresh Jojo merch she's a good
target you guys I'm not gonna lie this
pitar get on Sepulveda in Sherman Oaks
is actually pretty awesome they got lots
of Georgia merch a lot of workers right
there for teenagers and know the rules
of no vlogging in the store last turn
I'm the baby aisle elegant way to go
oh my god what else am I looking for
here Oh dog food dog food where are you
I have a question for you do you know
where the pet food at yeah thank you so
much guys look it is my mom who's lying
to me like my camera rig it's take me 50
tries like he's following let's make a
skirt skirt turn down here they got lots
of good stuff yeah
excuse you keep following where's the
heart down here my knees gonna picture
of course thank you of course it Hey
did you really just do that all okay now
I gotta find dog food and you might feel
like Joe why are you why are you buying
dog food your dogs not even in town I
know it's depressing come on dad
anyways so well basically the situation
is is that I'm doing a dog food versus
real food challenge on my main challenge
so I gotta get dog food basically so
this is funny I can get like chicken
tenders that's a good one
hey Jen we like bacon okay they got a
little gingerbread men I'm trying to
find a lot of things to buy can't
believe my mom's not telling me what's
going on it's just so depressing I
really don't understand like why is she
keeping it a secret
like I just don't get it how are you
guys you know what I'm actually kind of
making the executive decision to do this
next time just because I just don't know
what to get and I feel like I should
plan it out better and then maybe just
like order stuff online cuz this is more
difficult than I thought
actually all right we're done put it
back we're gonna put it back and then
we're gonna go from them up and we're
gonna tell you that we're ready to rock
and roll because we did everything we
needed you I mean Joe Joe marchek
Halloween stuff she got the Halloween
stuff we've got a tree that was pretty
cool I didn't get Bob or anything but
bulbs not here and then I met some
simulators so that was pretty fun Barker
go Marco Marco not pull up or you pull
up um I have some good news for you but
he's rocked a little when you want all
right you guys you know what my cameras
being too difficult so I'm gonna go
finish up here I tell you that I'll see
you guys later
already guys would you check it out we
are back at our house I am currently in
my garage I don't think you've ever seen
the guide to my house um doesn't matter
anyways the reason originally while I
was at Target today is a to check out
some dough George but be it to actually
get some Halloween decorations for our
house so now um I've actually never
really showed you the outside of our
house and nor am i showing you that's
out of our house now but we are
decorating it up for Halloween so I will
show you a few of our decorations
because you know we're gonna work really
hard on them and so I'm gonna show you a
little bit of before and after but uh we
went to a few other stores today and
these are all of our decorations that we
got we also got another one of these
trees but she's working on it right
they're just all she's working on that
really quickly I am going to give you
guys a little before and after of some
things that we're gonna push our
decorate so on here it is
you guys I changed up and now I am all
sleepy like a little teeny tiny baby
tots so uh I'm gonna go to bed that's a
wrap upon today also - this is Chinese
Lee being closed on Halloween so uh
happy Halloween to you guys it is
actually not Halloween yet but I share
this awesome Halloween bill I mean come
on that's pretty sick anyways but we
have so much time to wrap one today and
I'll see you tomorrow
peace out
