it crazy there my show on their flight
already you guys what is happening good
morning to every single supinator who is
out there this entire world hi guys
there today good I'm so so glad to hear
that so you guys I'm so many kind of
SADS going on today and I'm not gonna
lie it's kind of breaking my heart so
unfortunately it is my journey in London
has just come to an end and we are
hanging out at the airport my mom's back
there I think I think she's back there
so I shouldn't get kidnapped yet but uh
my mom was enough like that I came over
here by the windows I have good lighting
as you can tell but on my journey at
London is ending and it's kind of sad
but I'm also too very happy to go back
to America oh my goodness my camera is
just going everywhere today and I'm
gonna tell you why it's going everywhere
so if you don't know this I've actually
had this like gorilla tripod thingy
attached and one of the legs totally
just fell off so I haven't folded in
half look at this so like literally this
thing just like fell off the tripod and
it's like really good little gorilla
tripod thing but it literally just fell
off kind of annoying I'm not gonna lie
but whatever it's fine so I'm gonna be
using this thing all day probably like
will hitting stick I'm just kidding I'm
not gonna do that but I only have two
legs on my tripod now and so it's really
awkward and like it's like like this all
day it's fine it's fine it doesn't
matter but I'm at little thingy right
there I mean it's not little at all it's
actually kind of huge that is our plane
that we are going to get on but like I
was saying I'm quite excited to go back
to America I'm excited just kinda be
home and also - I'm going woman it's
Halloween dad I don't know what I'm
gonna do for Halloween a probably like
pass out candy maybe go
trick-or-treating
I still don't know what I'm being for
Halloween
just broke here more thank you
you're ruining my vlog now I'm just
kidding she's not really Beverly but I'm
still don't know what I'm gonna be for
Halloween so I comment down below if you
have any ideas also - um I want to tell
you guys something I am doing something
very exciting for December I'm doing
like something crazy on this channel so
stay tuned for that
what other updates do I have for you
guys okay I came up with that album I
have no updates for you but seriously
this flight I think it's like 9 or 10
hours or something I'm gonna watch
straight into your things season 2 on it
I'm gonna be watch Grey's Anatomy
because I love Grey's Anatomy
I got a vlog on the phone I'm gonna eat
on the fly I'm trying to think of stuff
to say because there's a camera in front
my face right not a lot of people are
staring at me so it's a little bit
awkward but whatever it's fine it
doesn't matter because I'm hanging out
with you guys and see what haters but
seriously so I'm gonna go head over get
on my flight good in my cheek get all
chillax and then I'll see you there so
uh okay so yes I did say that I'd see
you in my seat but I'm I'm ethnicity
obviously not my airplane seat Robert I
mean that when I was telling you about
my surprise for December I forgot to
mention that I also have a huge surprise
coming out on my main channel so I'm
gonna have two giant surprises that are
gonna last at least 12 days on both of
my channels so uh it's putting it pretty
crazy I'm like pretty excited so I'm
actually quite excited I got this
YouTube notebook and so now it's really
fun for me to like write down like
content ideas in there so I've been
writing down all the things that I'm
doing for December so I thought I'd give
you guys a little sneak peek at it let's
get it out let's get no K okay let's go
it's fine all right so I found the page
that I want to go to you for the vlogs
channel fun this is what's happening are
you ready I'm gonna give you a little
three two one three two okay that's all
you can see that's all you get to see
okay maybe one more time three two one
okay that's all you guys see now all
right now let's find the one for my main
channel all right got my main are
you ready three two one okay that's for
real I get to see because I have nothing
really written down I have two things
written down on my main channel but it's
gonna be pretty epic and I'm pretty
excited I'm just so excited for
Halloween I'm just looking forward to
that I still don't know what I'm gonna
be the one I didn't really need to fit
now that's like my mission for the
flight today is to figure out I'm gonna
be there's gonna text I have a good text
oh that wasn't me figured
already but up for real now now I'm
gonna see you on my airplane seat all
right
you guys well I just got onto my flight
and um is pretty epic it's the same
seats as last time so it's basically the
exact same flight pretty much um but I
guess it's gonna be a little bit longer
because when we came here we had win
like pushing us but now we're gonna have
win like coming away from us so it's not
like gonna be a shortage last time it
says on my flight tractor thing that
it's gonna be 10 hours and 2 minutes
long done but you're like good news is
we're gonna get to California and it's
gonna be like Vader at night and they
just 7 o'clock I believe and so we'll
get there and then we'll go to sleep
right away but I'm gonna try to like
stay awake this whole flight I don't
know it's gonna work but currently I'm
not gonna watch a solar battery on the
bomb it just went away
I am harm like so I was gonna wash them
down river where the kid but now they
just interrupted me but we haven't taken
off yet we're probably gonna take off
here and about I'm giving yes 15 minutes
we'll see if I'm right listen I'll let
you know if I'm right or maybe I'll
forget it knowledge you know it's 3:30
right now we'll probably take off or
schedules like 4:15 I think oh so we are
way more than 15 minutes
Wow I'm good at guessing oh and I forgot
to mention while I'm gonna be watching
diary will be good all right but if I
had to imagine as I'm watching diary of
the windy kid I'm actually gonna be
eating some of its bits cheese and
crackers because that just sounds good
so I'm gonna go play my movie and I'm
gonna go eat some cheese and crackers
some fake cheese and crackers right you
guys I'm actually being dead serious
right now something like older man
totally just by me I'm holding a
GoPro on like a Steadicam thing and I go
another vlogger I got so excited I was
trying to pull my camera out but then he
like ran away I was like wow we must be
another gone round this way I'm not
gonna he was like 60 years old those are
amazing you know who'd read cool if it
was like easy nice dad or Sami
there's Yuji well my flight I'll be fun
I don't know these guys look like they
could be famous there was some famous
singer on the flight that was shot Chaka
Chaka she's on her flight
I thought that was pretty cool oh
there's Ricardo Ricardo famous this is
just got like so off-topic I don't know
if I'm watching die or never where to
get an eating my words but so talking
about famous people on that flight
whatever no way I thought - I should
mention look at this there's no one
sitting right there and there's no one
sitting right there so maybe I'm gonna
have no one sitting next me that this
whole flight and that would actually be
like my literal dream come true because
I just would love to be a blogger and I
love to be loud and that would let me be
loud and let me express myself while
there's no one sitting next to me so
fingers crossed
okay but for real now I'm gonna go eat
my big cheese and crackers and I'm gonna
go watch some diary other would be gay
because it just sounds fun right now no
no you're fine don't trust me I'm gonna
be sorry mostly slight so uh fine
alright you guys so if someone did end
up sitting on both sides me so like I'm
right so I'm prison one of my contacts
on Nickelodeon one minute 37 seconds
later Oh about two watches say dude hold
on I'm going to show you a fancy video
are you guys seriously check this out so
I'm on my flight right and I'm deciding
what to watch and I scroll through like
they do on board and I was like yeah
there's gonna be like nothing like new
or like good on yes I'm like whatever
I'm just gonna watch like some diary
over the would be kid that's I was
watching sends over Nickelodeon just
came back and it was like dude look at
the new on board right so we're looking
through it
this is crazy I'm like on flights now
look at my from backstage new newly
official Nickelodeon star Georgia CoV
accounts aventador let that run at this
moment her biggest ever like oh that's
crazy they have my show on their flight
like wait thought we'd show you the
safety features before this line at the
top of the safety briefing
I would rather watch Georgia's you in my
room right now but it's fine we got to
watch a safety briefing one utility
later are you guys did not show you
anything on the flight but um you know
what happened I slept I watched like
four or five episodes of shared your
things i watch the beginning of a hunger
game so that i cried and i ate some food
and i played some games and I watched
joy to my world because I was on my Play
Oh anyway so no oh excuse me
so now oh hello hello hello you scared
me actually but like I was saying so now
we are back at my house and you see
what's behind it looks really good a
clean but you don't see what's in front
of me so yeah that happened in my house
it's a little bit of a Jojo merchandise
explosion but it's okay because we're
gonna deal with that all day tomorrow so
I'm gonna talk to you guys as I actually
walk upstairs I'm telling you this
broken tripod thing is not gonna work
for me
but um so tomorrow is going to be our
day to like pick up chill we're not
going out of that actually my mom or
scooter nail said I'm not going out of
house no I don't know what I'm gonna do
I'm actually really tired so we'll find
out but um I do need to get all caught
up on things like that so I'm probably
gonna work on that tomorrow um anyways
that is a wrap up on today I thought I'd
show you guys my outfit because I'm very
proud of it today so yeah strap on to
you guys all just off topic of of real
love again so much and I will do bye
