let's not go over there let's not do
that what's going on you guys good
morning to everything go see where nadir
who is out there in this entire world hi
guys aren't that good glad here guys you
guys check out over the really close
really close to that boom what was going
on right now is we are in London and we
have had to go shopping but I'm get
through it Jojo pon the past because
this is not how I started my dad Jo Jo
Jo pon the past all right you guys so
here's what's going on I am over here at
the Viacom
offices right now and it has to be kind
of quiet because people are actually
working here so on this side of me is
MTV and on that side of me is
Nickelodeon and over there spike and
it's pretty epic but on what we did
today is I actually worked so I did some
promo e stuff for Nick all around the
world site is except for an occasion
some Nick UK some Nick what else and you
Australia can do a lot of different fun
things so you see me hanging out in your
country that's when I feel the radio ki
I'm getting off topic so anyways I am
here at bike um we are working we just
actually wrapped up though I was here
for sounds like and I think I don't
really know but um we actually are
leaving right now we're going shopping
so I'm about to future Jojo who is over
there in the car and then I'm gonna
explain what we're doing more so but I'm
just gonna tell you that we're going
shopping back to you future Jojo hey I
judge you from the past I uh I actually
think you missed something
ok ok future Jo Durie all right I did
miss something so I wanted to show you
guys this look at how cool it is in
these offices they have this giant
spongebob and I just think it's so cool
I love spongebob and it was good now now
for real back to your future Jojo all
right you guys do know you were gonna
come along with me on this journey today
now that journey from the past is done I
came back to the hotel now we are going
to go rock and roll and go shopping it's
gonna be a pretty epic day and we're
gonna go get some stuff and I thought I
don't know where we're gonna go what
we're gonna do it we're leaving London
tomorrow though which is why I have like
freelance to vlog outside hotel but um
we're leaving London tomorrow and it's
kind of sad but so tonight's our last
night to just go and just explore London
and go shopping so that's what we're
gonna go do we're gonna go to others
little designer stores go in there yeah
so we were chilling in the tacton I
thought it was very important to tell
you just how cool London taxis are like
they were just so cute
although we're in a van taxi which is
more normal than the London taxis but
it's just so cool let's check out what
we got with us but we got mom Jess
chillin right there
we got a hair and makeup slash best
friend Diana chillin right there sorry
Jess I still love you we have security
guard Mike yeah but we are gonna go
shopping now so let's go shopping
all right sorry got to tell you this up
where my dad was out yeah if you've been
watching past few bugs you know that he
was obsessed with letting you know his
Instagram so he could get more followers
but now that he is gone he left this
morning oh by the way wait I gotta tell
you on the tube after this but now that
he is gone
everyone else here wants to plug their
Instagram so to put your Instagram just
let's see what good job so they'll
follow you they should all follow me
I tell their friends to follow me oh
they should they don't fall out at just
let see you a boom right there and then
what's your Instagram feed II can see D
can see D Kaz check her out on Instagram
right there and watch your Instagram
maybe we should do a poll on what my
Instagram should be usually right now
security guard Mike although you can't
yeah but the thing I was gonna tell you
that I forgot to tell you earlier is
that guys guess what happened today
so basically long story short I went
over to Diana's room at 7:45 in the
morning right so a 7.5 in our room to
get my hair makeup done for the day and
yeah why we were doing it so early is
because that's what time it was to get
the iPhone X right or the iPhone 10
right so I went over into her room and
we literally ice through sound our
computers for 45 minutes trying to order
the stupid thing right it's not super it
essentially actually really cool so then
we didn't get it all right so we got in
the car and then she's like you guys
really didn't get it and we were like no
we literally tried like two and a half
hours like you know I mean 45 minutes
but it's this little one wit on her
phone and she like so now we all throw
you got one so I got one done
and I game yeah she did but then I but
then she could have figured hers out so
that I got her know did you want the
silver on I got you the black on well I
must be a boy no just kidding I'm not
I'm not you through now I have a feeling
my Lighting's a little bit better I'm
not gonna lie I'm but basically all I
was talking about was the iPhone acts
and getting it my story and it was just
it was a hot mess this morning but we
figured it out so I ordered the iPhone
accident I've owned 10 so excited are
you guys so we just came out of to
really fancy designer little stores and
I'm actually not gonna lie okay so we
went in and we came out with nothing
right
I don't know how nothing yeah at that
ouch but I'm so here's what happened
though is that we were in the Chanel
store right and so now the Chanel store
is very nice in fact I got over here cuz
it's true out of there but the shadows
was very nice and very gorgeous right
and you're not allowed to vlog in there
stupid but um his mind doesn't matter so
I was gonna turn to discreetly vlog but
then the security guy was just like
literally at me and so Mike tried to
distract him didn't work cuz then
another guy came out and was just
staring me down it was a little creepy
but whatever it's fighting they were
Syrians they were just looking at me
like it's cool they're literally just
hello
like if I were to just walk across the
street
um oh look it we got one sweetiepie
so basically I was like trying to show
you something in the store because they
had this really cool rhinestone reindeer
there's pretty epic but then the guys
just staring me down so I couldn't show
you if it was fully rise down now we're
going in mew mew husband I don't know
can you see it I can't see it but
probably can't belong here either please
I don't want to get tweeze I I gave
myself but you're not allowed to buy
sunglasses well because I never hang
them but they are cute don't get right
the cute I mean these are cute good you
fine
go upstairs go around with me actually
show pardon for indiscreetly I'm like
the family camera down here so I'm sorry
for that angry Oh what are you sad I
want that it's like solid secret right
because it's amazing wow it's awesome up
here yeah there's no one up here my life
away that's sweet we can blog we can
have a party up here all by ourselves
Oh also too I've got to mention Jojo
shrooms a new one can't find it yet I
don't think at least doesn't matter
ghost is still Clou they have a really
cute stuff look at that that's really
cute
yeah what I'd be is oh my gosh I think
I'm gonna buy some of this I actually
think I'm going to wow look at that look
at that
we'll get that vessel right now let's
our view hi my goodness I'm just having
the time you know my car dying about
something that we need to change the
subject
fast on the other person if you like
something's off just say maybe they
actually would really cool stuff up here
what's up yeah oh boy stuff you know
like okay so uh I went to go like we'll
get stuff on that other side and then a
worker just popped out of nowhere
so I put my mind really forget that I
had and I've now bought yeah but now I
gotta go cuz I'm going upstairs and how
maybe I can blog maybe I can't I don't
know we'll find out let's check it out
I'm in the dressing with up in it I
found a shirt I'm getting it is Nick you
I mean like I like it
I think I'm gonna i'm hosting read a so
I think I'm gonna wear it to we do which
I'm pretty excited for um but it's just
so cute like I just walk it's my new
favorite shirt well if I say so myself
fancy we're in number one was actually
number three was a success now we are
going to a font shoe store it's the same
as these shoes that I'm wearing but I've
worn these shoes out so I get some new
shoes yeah we're gonna go get some some
little fancy shoes and hopefully I can
long that sir I'm just saying I didn't
really good vlogging in that so I like
how does it very odd to cover that was
pretty epic all right you guys I'm party
with Diana right now because we're all
really cold out
that's what's going on right now but
these two are up here walking we got mom
and you drive me nuts isn't it Vienna
run so instead of the bagpipes up here
that's like my dream but anyways what's
going on right now is at the shoe store
we did not buy any but um the store that
we went to if you know besides like
these is red bottoms these is valachia
shoes it's those songs the bloody shoes
thought I should mention that but uh I'm
gonna find this bagpipe do don't you
yeah
found him sorry getting in the family
picture
jesh photobomb it now we don't put it on
let's go let's go around are you guys so
check it out we get into this little
ice-cream place and I'm not joking you
it is like a whole but it is the best
thing ever I mean like check the taco to
make those cones right yeah and over
there and then they put them back down
and then I cool off and it's like giant
bubble wrap like waffle god it's great
that you can kind of see that like
nobody it's so good but they only have
like three different flavors of ice
cream but it's literally so good and so
we are of course like we're getting it's
not because why not like just their
clothes are so cool so I think I'm only
getting a cone because just cuz it just
sounds so good right now but I don't
know maybe I'll get some ice cream we'll
find out so check this out dude then
they create like these little fish
things and seriously it's just so good
like I can't even it is actually like
amazing is oh I got only a waffle thing
but the little waffle thing is so good
and I'll be able to show you it cuz I
only got now so but those two guys come
to oh those three guys ice cream so uh
you're gonna see that - it's just so
cool it's so pretty so you'll get to see
it ID me once again
vanilla whatever I did hey Andy yeah so
good oh my goodness
hi hi
they're making me a hot fresh waffle one
which is like Bob got my new you asked
for that but they are already doing so
blessed right now I got I got my hot
french bubble wrapped in your tummy
delicious it's basically they're calling
that's literally all it is except for
it's hot so uh it's pretty epic huh are
you guys would you check that out we are
back in our hotel room right now and I
am actually about to go to bed I'm gonna
send my guys some footage and it's gonna
be pretty epic tonight that's how our
nights gonna end up but I love you guys
so much I'm actually so happy check this
out so I got my outfit all planned and
laid out for tomorrow if I can't tell
anything but I'm just so excited because
my outfit it's very cute but anyways you
guys that's a wrap on today I love you
guys so so so so much I don't even think
you guys know but I'm all right because
I just I know in my heart but seriously
you guys love you so much oh that's a
wrap on today and I was you talking
about I see my because I have a blog
every single day that's my life I'll get
these guys
