we're gonna be pranking with me in this
clown costume
what is happening you guys good morning
to every single Syrian who is out there
this entire world how you guys doing
good good here I don't know why do this
but sometimes every time I enjoy the
vlog this is what I do with my feet I go
so one time I'm gonna get a full body
shot and you can see what actually
happens with my foot anyways today we
were actually headed on set so we are
going to do some promo we stuff for Nick
UK which I'm so excited for um so it's
gonna be a good day on set I also do
have to come up with some boomerang
secrets today so that should be fun um
other than that I don't really know
what's happening tonight so uh I'm gonna
go out to London we may just chill it on
hotel room but we'll find out and I can
already tell though today is just going
to be a good day do you think today is
gonna be a good day I just think it's
gonna be a good day so uh let's go get
this day started
alright guys what's going on um I am
currently at Viacom tying my shoes for
the day this is my wardrobe look it's
much cuter than what I had on actually
my YouTube channel it's pretty awesome
but uh you know this is just cute colors
and I like this it's just it's just
really cute so what do I got on I got my
Topshop jeans we got my band shoes I got
like Hanes a green t-shirt a little
collar thingy and then a bomber jacket
from gasps I'm cool um but yeah so I'm
gonna go film some promo we stuff and we
just look at this like back up and give
them a full outfit almost oh yes I'm
gonna tell me can you tell me like
camera got to our hotel room fire alarm
just went off just go downstairs I don't
go guys the lights are flashing over
there if you look in this window you can
see Madras flashing I got the room key
got my phone and I grabbed my vlog II
and I'm already watching that is your to
vlogger because if something's going
down I need to tense it on camera so we
got to our hotel been chilling for like
five minutes I wasn't just about to vlog
for me my desert playing cards my mom
it's not a calling my book agent and cuz
we won't see what the site is all of a
sudden are fire alarms it often so you
should be proud of me I got a walkie and
I literally I picked it up so quick but
look at all of those shut right away
automatic fire doors shut let's just go
downstairs
all right just better to be safe than
sorry
Brees snapchatting me too you're staying
in the hotel dude why did the fire I'm
just go off and they trapped me in my
room would it
anything why'd the fire lines go off
someone Kuki
so nothing all right well it was nothing
it was just someone kooky as she said
are you guys the ones happenin so I am
actually in Diana's room I don't have a
bokken flipped in the back but we are
gonna be pranking your guy grew but with
me in this clown costume so I'm gonna
set my camera up up there it's gonna be
pretty epic so let's do it
hey pals oh I'm sorry
okay can't even look at that movie thank
you it was funny actually
beyond the wazoo that's game
okay so one scary to her
okay go sit here secure your mic yeah oh
that was funny man all right you guys
well that's I should wrap up on today
love you guys so much peace out and I'll
see you tomorrow I'm not gonna make this
hour-long solo guys in peace
