oh you're my video today me and my mom
we were at the Sherman Oaks Galleria
actually they might know who we're
meeting so if you've been along on this
long journey since day one our very
first blog there's not crazy yeah so
today was going out to lunch with Marge
and Tony and I'm very excited because we
haven't seen them in so long
Manny who that lighting them right now
so bye guys
today I'm just blogged all they'd be
leaving places okay bye that's good
bidding nailed it I got fitted for
everything kch pretty much today
I'm so excited something's blank I've
been for my kids choice performance
outfit my Toyota event outfit and my
kids choice right off it yy-yeah I don't
have a poem because my bow has to be all
about the helmet and career but she has
a bow it I like your bow I see it very
cute solid Jojo bow I love it okay we
got fourth choice
Ian today third choice just get any
actual of it in his grave
you look at my videos oh you and me on
my video I like my videos too they're
really cool oh hi oh hi Jayden I is
there anything you want saying you got a
Jojo Bowen I like it oh you're joining
mine you do what's your name
what is it Isabelle yeah
hey you have a Jojo go it let me see it
let me see your jojomo I like that one
what's your name Romina that's a pretty
name I like fantasy and you more than
could ever be is you dreaming with your
eyes wide open it's pirates freedom it's
funny
lead to your wallet
whoa whoa that was a workout now is that
up to my room sickens me check it out I
am on cleanup I showered I didn't wash
my hair today because it was just a body
shower night another date out of all
shouting I won't clean them all teeth
brush look at them pearly whites you
know you like that little special effect
that doesn't happen there oh boy I am so
tired right now like I don't know a lot
of things that how did I fly today I
worked out today I mean for a day of
nothing well that's a lie it was not a
day of nothing had a fitting schedule I
had lunch schedule a tie and I fly
schedule I had a lot of things happening
today and there was a new Grey's Anatomy
on I gotta catch up I got a lot of
things I got to do yet tonight that is a
wrap on today I love y'all so much and I
will what I will
