we are taking a tour of London days all
right you guys good morning every single
c18 who is helping this entire world how
you guys doing today good glad I am
cutting no nonsense today because look
where I am I am at Buckingham Palace no
I don't get to do like cool fancy tour
because they don't have the tours going
on right now it's just kind of sad but
it's okay we are taking a tour of London
day so we hired a driver and we're gonna
go to all these fancy locations and our
first stop was Buckingham Palace and you
guys countyians think you understand
this place is just gorgeous like it is
actually just beautiful and has a great
curb appeal mock if our house was like
this one day would you need the curb
appeal is amazing in front of us my mom
just keeps talking about cuz we have a
very nice house you guys know that she
was a house with a curb appeal this is a
curb appeal it's a lot of YouTube videos
anime I gotta go to some YouTube videos
you just got a secure it for us curio
arm I just gotta secure it oh that's the
London Eye over there wait right there
you know what Dad I'm gonna let you do
something and shamelessly plug your
Instagram follow its Tom see what it's
at Tom see one right behind Kay's
username is at its Tom see what
shameless plug right I can't you guys my
dad is an awesome person but Wow
but anyways we are gonna go take some
pictures we're gonna go walk around
Buckingham Palace it is just gorgeous
I believe the Queen is here I don't know
don't quote me on it but um the flag is
up and last time that's what they tell
us so but don't quote me because I
really have no clue
you are blonde yes I asked you to do the
union whippin Nana in front of
Buckingham Palace bounder check it out
look at your on JJ's world right now
was it hai which came up and said she
watches JJ's world every day
all right it was nice to meet you that's
my finish doing to meet you well your
biggest dream happened guys she watches
J this road every day and so should you
well you're in this gift store right now
and I'm not gonna lie it is very fancy I
just do not fit in here in my hip hop
it's like it's very cooler I am getting
something though but I'm not gonna show
you to him in the car but they have so
many good things or it's like tea time
which I want to go to can we go to be
fine you know G time please we're not
going to yes in that last fancy-dancy
store which I figured they were gonna
love you anyways but they told me that I
could have filming there which is a
little bit awkward but it's fine we're
not gonna worry about it anyways where
we are right now we are at st. Paul's
Cathedral right go me at 5 this over
here is a beautiful church this is real
Princess Anna got married and I saw it
last time but my dad never saw it so he
thought you should come here and do a
shameless plug in front of here
but now you're going over to get
Starbucks because someone's got to go to
the bathroom and some of us want to get
a drink so uh we make things happen but
in that little gift store I did buy
something I bought one of the hats at
the guard to have obviously it's all
over the real ones but it is pretty cool
oh the bells ringing does that mean
I know the belt like
we're just gonna walk away on that note
but I did buy like one of those for a
little happy so it should be that harder
to get back in the car I did tell you
that I would see you in the car and
check it out
I mean look wow that's a first guess
where we are headed right now we are
actually going to the YouTube space no
not for anything like crazy like I'm not
feeling anything them they have a
creator store there which is where I
went last time I was here and I
literally got this one YouTube hoodie
and I went like every single day you
don't even understand so we were headed
back there were actually very close so
we should almost be there and I am just
so pumped like it's just such a cool
store it's like literally that thing but
it's just so cool to me because I love
you too this is actually probably my
favorite thing that we're doing today so
we are hopefully they got new stuff than
what they had last time I would think
they would I mean I wouldn't see why
they wouldn't but still it's just so
cool and I just just I just love this
really like I just feel like I guess
it's YouTube like I just like you two
we're gonna cross the street and I'll
zoom inside the store so guess what last
time I was here they actually they took
a picture of me and they were gonna add
it to here and I was like maybe they
added it in tractate did right there
yeah but now I'm excited cuz they got a
few new things I'll get it I'll do
YouTube words I got some goodies I got
some goodies and I bought a baby onesie
and now here's the thing I'm gonna cut
it and I'm gonna make it a shirt and I'm
gonna give it to her but well it's not
vote was gonna have our own youtube
shirt right it's genius I know right but
I did get some good things I did not get
my same hoodie wait this is different
now I got an excuse to get it this is
different than the other one except it I
did not get this anybody that I got last
time because I already have that one but
they have a different one and so I got
like 50 other different things because
like why not but I'll show you what I
all got later when I get back to the
hotel but now I'm gonna say that it's
gonna go to future Jojo in the car so uh
hi future Jojo alrighty so as you guys
know we were actually just in the
creative store but now we're actually in
the YouTube space we convinced them to
give us a tour I don't know how he did
it
basically we got this awesome little
tour guide we were going on a tour of
the YouTube space in London it was
pretty epic we're gonna walk around and
I'll show you if there's anything cool
so basically you're gonna get to see
this whole place because it's all really
cool so we've actually gone a pretty far
on the tour um but basically always seen
so far is like the well I mean it's like
really cool to me but like so the
you guys understand it's like the stages
and stuff but this I thought was really
cool so it's like the production control
room and it's like literally you can
like do it gets doing things in here and
like this is really just what got me is
like just kidding don't touch buttons
you don't know what they did what do you
think I love it what do you think I love
it what do you think what do you think
mazing well you had its time through it
no do not do shameless plug do not come
on come on come on
he just really wants its turn followers
okay just for you to follow him it's
John's fear or just like go block it no
I'm just kidding that goes like hi you
guys so we actually just finished off
our tour but we're chilling out in the
YouTube space cafe and they actually
have like these little sets but I am in
the phone booth right now because of why
no I wouldn't I be in the phone booth
but I love you guys so they have one of
these YouTube spaces in LA and now after
seeing it I think I'm actually gonna use
the one in LA cuz it's like once you're
over a certain amount of subscribers you
can use it and get all the features and
I'm over that amount um and so I think
it would be really really fun to like
film some stuff there and like I don't
know maybe do like a dance tutorial in
the studios I think that'll be fun
or just go and hang out like I just -
yes so I'm comment down below give this
video a thumbs up if you think I should
do that I'm in the phone business set
right now so I'll make a call hold on
hello oh hi hi there oh wow I'm gonna go
now alright you guys so we were actually
back chillin at our hotel room and I am
currently working on a thumbnail for
Jojo juice does it's going to go up in
about I'd go with two hours my time so
it's already up for your time um this
video is actually very exciting to me
because I'm actually unboxing my
subscription box right there so if you
don't know I have my very own
subscription box and it's finally out
which is so exciting but um I unboxed it
for the first time ever like on camera
and so it's really exciting and I think
you guys are gonna really enjoy that
video but um I'm in the middle of making
a bomb calm thumbnail for it so let me
go do that I will see you in a second
all right guys
my thumbnail and you know earlier today
I was at the YouTube studios and how is
that the you know nothing YouTube studio
what am I say earlier today I was at the
YouTube space and I was as a YouTube
creator shop and I got some goodies I
got some cool awesome every YouTube
things and I said that when I got back
my hotel I would show them to you right
now that's what I'm about to do I'm
chillin in the back of because I've
actually just been taking a shower right
now so I was like - what - do this in
here dude but I was like you know before
I do that before I do all the things and
get this orange out of my neighbor from
sign that I was like you know what it's
time to show you guys what I got at the
YouTube door first of all I got this
awesome creator hashtag creators for
Playboy in bed and then okay so I got
this little gray hoodie it's really cute
it's really warm too like I don't even
see this material and you're it's super
nice has a little YouTube play button on
it there's something on the back but it
has a little play button on front and I
love so much next up I got this super
cool water model it is one of those
Camelback water bottles I'm not gonna
put my mouth on it though because it's a
little dirty right now because I haven't
washed it yet but it has a little
YouTube logo right there and that's my
god because the YouTube logo is my blood
I just I'm not gonna lie this is
probably one of my favorite things that
I got it's this little YouTube notebook
and a youtube pen wing it right there's
the YouTube logo like that and there's
YouTube over right there and what I'm
going to actually be doing is writing
down some of my top YouTube ideas in
this notebook I have new content that I
want to make or if I have like a video
that I want to save or remember or like
a script that I want to write out that's
what this book is for so this book is
going to be filled with youtube things
so yeah I got that I know this is really
cool so I'm really excited to use this
alright so the next thing that I got
like these socks in our I drop one but I
got these
because I just love YouTube so much as
you can tell and they had socks and I
was like I need tees and then number two
is I got two of them because I just lose
socks but they get too dirty and so you
just need two pairs so I got 250 YouTube
socks
I agree you might remember now from the
latter when I was in the UK I have you
been with J determine for a really long
time
I have actually got this jacket that was
like a red bar see and it had white
sleeves and I wore it all the time when
I went back to the YouTube story they
had this one and instead of having the
YouTube logo right here it has the play
button logo and then it said having
white sleeves red sleep so I was like
that gave me an excuse to buy it because
it's different
so I actually love this and I am
obsessed with my other one so I feel
like I'm going to be obsessed with this
on too and I just think that is really
cute and I just I love my YouTube
footage so then actually learn about are
these stickers and you'll actually be
seeing them in my video as now that's
coming out on Saturday you can't change
my own creative ideas all the time but
as of now you might see this on my
computer or I started out my main
channel but I got all these YouTube
stickers because I was just like I love
them and I think they're really cool and
so I bought them and not a laughing that
pop but certainly not the least thing is
this little YouTube onesie and then I
clearly you can tell that this is for a
baby but what I'm going to do is I'm
actually going to be putting it on my
dog so I'm gonna cut this here and I'm
gonna cut it about right here and it's
just gonna be a little t-shirt and she's
gonna love it I can tell but um you know
what if like someone like me one of my
friends I'm Savin cool like if it's
someone that I know decided to have a
baby in the meantime I might save it and
gave it to them as a baby gift but I
don't know no one's having a baby that I
know of that's right now although they
tricked me with YouTube video but right
now I am gonna give that to Bobo because
I just like that bitch don't you to get
my little smile come up in the yellow
youtube shirt I just think she needs
that um but if someone that I do know
that it is very close to me has maybe I
may get the delenn to my spiel it's
probably still gonna guard well about
the YouTube creator store um if it's
actually so cool over there I think I
or they were like I actually feel like
I'm going to start to use the YouTube
space because it's just it's so nice of
YouTube that they have at these spaces
for all the creators and I feel like I
want to use them so I don't know comment
if you think I should um and it's now
I'm going to get in the shower and at
about thirty to one I have some white
hair so let's do one okay we'll check it
out look at that see I told you I would
have a wet hair anyways I just ordered
room service and I wouldn't know a lot
of food but I'm here by myself but
here's my I ordered a lot of food
because I was like I don't know where
I'm gonna like go so I did order a ton
of food but that should be here in about
20 ish minutes they says I'm looking
forward to that and good news is if
there's nothing that I like I have a
microwave inthis well I have a stove in
this room and so I could make my mac and
cheese that I brought from America I'm
sure like something because it's the
same restaurant as yesterday and I got
the truffle mac and cheese Spurs were
really good I think I should dry my hair
I'm still undecided though I don't know
I don't just know what I should do
should I drop my nose right not Johnny I
just don't know I just thought I would
let you know that my rooms I was came
and I ate it and it was amazing I ate I
ended up beating the truffled mac and
cheese that was my favorite so we have
fun today I love you guys so much I'm go
to bed so a good night and I will see
you guys tomorrow while I see you guys
March because I have a long every day
unless is one of those days I'm not
opposed briefs guys
