how are you guys good away every single
Steven it who has outdone isn't out your
little baby world how you guys doing a
good I'm just so glad here anyways
here's what's going on I'm talking fast
because I'm actually about to go on
stage you probably like five minutes
um I am in full performance mode should
be warming up right now but honestly I'm
just chillin I'm literally just sitting
here my sequined pants chillin my life
out I don't know it all of my did go
over there talking to people work in
that I don't know but I'm kind of at
that phase where it's just like if I her
sit like I've already ran at once like
back here as well yeah but if our hurts
it too much I kind of gets like nervous
in a way anyway so yesterday I actually
did not get to take you guys out on
stage and I explained that in
yesterday's vlog in today's vlog gays
are your common good know something cool
what I'm vlogging on stage today oh
really
yeah how you gonna do it what do you
know when I did the phone same oh you're
gonna bring the block I'm going to vlog
yet guys you're gonna love it it's gonna
be little it be funny you're gonna like
it so I'll see you on stage
are you guys so here's the situation um
so I actually just performed and I'm not
judging you I worked out like good I
fell on the slide we're gonna prank some
people
I'm obviously I'm fine I love here like
I'm standing I'm walking around um but
I'm totally fine um I gotta perform
again tonight but like seriously like
one or two percent totally fine so we're
gonna prank some people and be like get
and all this I'm gonna put like an ice
pack on we're gonna make it so really
you're wrong
you charge it up
give us one second
so my situation right now I actually I
just got slimed we're walking back to
our dressing room it was awesome they
Liddy how long do they keep it going for
it's not that long I'm shooting on my
face for a solid like 3045 seconds man
that was awesome
oh you guys tell him there's a lot of
people staring again so I just decided
to come back in here and explain um yeah
this just happened was a lot more it was
pretty epic duster today I would say was
a success darn she'll let you know that
home killed my second performance
performance yeah I wiped out it was
pretty epic though I'm not gonna lie
second performance no I got slimed for
good
I'd crazy 45 seconds okay what's going
on I'm gonna clean up right now that
I'll see you guys in a second pretty
guys will let some vamp up on today I'm
actually have to end this really quickly
because my camera is about to die and
that's not gonna be any good I'm
chilling here my zebra onesie and I'm
about to go to bed so goodnight you guys
love you so much and also you tomorrow's
mamas
