I walked into my hotel and I have what's
up you guys so uh good morning to every
single scene when anyone's out there in
this entire little baby world how do you
guys run it that good I'm just so so you
don't even understand how glad I am to
hear that you might be like oh yeah
right now and I am in a little tent well
because like why would that matter and
now they're playing music so holla on
partner you copyrighted but basically
we're a slime fest right now and I
actually just did the first performance
and I didn't show you anything I'm up
until like right now because I just
didn't vlog it today but I am gonna show
you some of the second performance and
I'm actually gonna vlog on stage so you
guys are gonna come on stage with me
it's gonna be pretty epic the fans are
gonna go wild when they see me bring
this guy cuz they somehow they just know
when I bring my camera out that it's
like my like vlog oh you guys will see
it all of it guys you guys check this
out I got some slides I splurged and my
momma rhinestoned it okay so here's the
situation I actually didn't get a vlog
on stage today but good news I'm gonna
be vlogging on stage tomorrow and the
reason being is Pro continuity because I
did it twice today Joyce Meyer and twice
the next day um but I didn't get a vlog
on stage because he needed to be the
same every day and so then I had to do
it on my phone again in the morning that
I was gonna do it on my cam right now
but I'm gonna do it on my camera
tomorrow so it's gonna be pretty happen
so what's going on right now is we are
actually leaving slime fest and we are
going to go back to the hotel for like a
split second there's I heard people in
the lobby again which should be pretty
fun and then we are going to a slime
fest pardon you and I'm wearing my flak
vest ready so gotta keep an eye on where
I'm going because it's very rainy here
in Blackpool and there's puddles
everywhere and there's just things every
workers are like backstage but here's
the thing there was a lot of people and
they're staring at me so I tried to go
very very fast and I didn't get to say
much flash like being a sweetie behind
but now we're getting in the car we're
gonna head back to the town I don't like
explain this better so I look at look at
that always come back always brings me
Rubik's cubes Joyce prepared man
I'm going shotgun I'm going shotgun and
it's weird if you kept the driver side
is the passenger side it's totally
confusing all right
eggs Mike so now we're in the car and we
are going back to the hotel
hopefully there's people in the audience
cuz then they get to see people it was
all in our car there's security guard
Mike again come on Mike
we got mama Jess we got Tom and you were
with us earlier today yes what's your
name I forgot I never like got it
Marge and we got driver Martin viral
yeah this videos gonna go viral famous
driver Martin Drive a Martin man I'll
see you at the hotel this is the lobby
crowd of the night may say okay she got
a judge on Bowen she gotta join a woman
he got a job okay yeah yeah your job
she got a gender mode now he's got a job
Ellen she's gotta join Devon she's got
to Jojo Bose and men all right guys all
right you guys don't know I'm actually
back in my hotel I showered I did take
you guys in the collodion party because
I just wanted to go and have fun and
honestly the truthfully I did not want
to lose my camera and that was like my
big fear there so I didn't but here's
the situation you guys is I had an epic
alog that happened yesterday but I
actually showed you nothing from it so I
think we should pause this they actually
end this day so I'm good night you guys
love you so much peace out and I'm gonna
show you all of yesterday's clips so I'm
check them out up in this entire world
how you guys doing today good I
understand anyway so here's what's going
on right now it is day one outside fest
now technically it has not started yet
but technically today is like soundcheck
via tape stuff like stuff like that so
when you see it on TV we have like clean
cuts of it so right now what's going on
is this is like my little dressing room
area
like there's no makeup there's no workup
all that jazz there's no stylist there
is my hair makeup there is my mom there
is me basically we're today it's like a
dress rehearsal almost so it's like a
full dress rehearsal so I gonna be in
full here full makeup and it's my first
time singing and it is let me tell you
so crazy I don't know how much I want to
show you but it'll be out tomorrow and
technically the first performance will
be out tomorrow so taking a little look
oh but yeah but it's a little confusing
because I want to show you but I don't
want to show you but I think I'm gonna
show you anyways because that just
sounds like a plan let's check in with
Jack how you doing good oh God
yeah I am over a lot how you doing today
are you doing like a pig or just to make
who do you think misses the dog more me
or you me Devon yeah well they said so
if you don't know Diana actually just
doing rollercoasters right over us
um but you don't know Diana I just
bought a new dog Edie oh my god I was
sorry hair and makeup right now we
actually started and then I was like
wait pause I gotta go do the interview
guys I am actually back into my outfit
it is the end of the day um it's the end
of the breeze right there oh wow oh my
RA but um here's the situation this is
my makeup so I thought that would be
something fun to show you but I can't
show you my full outfit in full hair
because just looks so good and I wanted
to be special for the people who are
coming to sign fest so I'm car design
fest you guys only look forward to so
now here's the situation we actually are
all wrapped up I'm changed back into my
awesome daughter mode you can get this
shirt at Primark a belief and we are
actually gonna head back to our hotel I
have no clue what we're doing tonight
but let's go back to the hotel so I'm
currently this is what's going on right
now I walked into my hotel
I am I
100 good did not expect this I literally
walked in and I was like 102 at each
other but Jojo shows don't turn the
party if you want to do wow just wow I
was epic I've never had that happen
before feel like I'm at the chief dead
house or something
wow I just don't have words for that so
we went back up to our hotel room and we
ordered some room service and pizza from
two different places they they ordered
some puddings but I wanted a sirloin
right and let me tell you this hotel is
so bomb.com that they cuz there made me
a sirloin because that is not on the
menu tonight and look at that very cool
this is just the best hotel ever they
got see what it is in the lobby they
cook me up so sorry wises sorry I guess
I'm just getting really emotional today
I'm just I'm just so emotional about it
yeah I'm gonna go eat my sirloin dude
what are you doing dude what am i doing
dude I am actually sending my um
new video to public mmm you owe me show
them something what's a look at you guys
you should all you should all right now
right at this very second go watch this
video right here that I just posted the
link I'll put the link down in the
description with a few other awesome
links like we can buy merchandise
I'm always blog but for really guys you
should go check this video out cuz it's
actually pretty awesome and I mean a
thumbnail look at my thumbnail build
goals down elbows so uh good news the
pizza
okay bad news we got rid of it faster
than we could eat it good news is that
my turn was delicious see I did like the
sirloin we had yesterday well she had it
yesterday night and then I stole
somebody dough all right you guys well
it's actually nice time so I'm gonna go
night-night I love you guys so much
thank you begin to see when a thank you
for subscribing on my main channel we
actually hit 4.6 million subscribers
like what I have no clue watching right
now but I got this cute little comfy
couch bed tonight because my parents got
the real bed but it's gonna be a great
night
imma get some sleep feel like I'm
actually gonna sleep there like the
whole night tonight but um we never know
so I love you guys so much and I will
see you tomorrow why will I see you
tomorrow because I bought every day and
that's just my life so uh see you guys
tomorrow peace
