we're leaving and we are headed to the
you morning to everything soon anyways
other there's a Tyrone man you guys
really know you that you just enjoyed
that little voice crack anyway so I
thought that I should enjoy this right
now because it's not the morning it's
actually one o'clock in the afternoon
but it kind of feels like the morning oh
my god I just fell but it's okay I
almost fell I didn't totally fine I
almost died I almost wiped out so here's
what's going on right now I'm getting my
new on my back right now and I am
walking out the door and you know why
I'm walking out to the door because
today we're leaving and we're headed to
the UK and the reason why we're going to
the UK's for steinfest
I'm literally so pumped to be literally
like just finished packing up our house
is a little crazy right now my mom's
still packing up but um we're supposed
to leave right about now so that's
what's going on today anybody's I'm so
many kind of sad is looking at my old
love in my little backpack here because
I got my new life and my new backpack
I'm like instead to leave them but like
I'm happy about my new thing anyways you
don't care about that but what you care
about is what is on the agenda for today
so really the only thing that we are
doing today is literally flying like a
drone like literally we're flying sky
high going to the London not much well
we are technically going to London then
we're driving on a bus for I think four
hours to Blackpool I'm just gonna be fun
my friends I'm gonna fly it like it's
gonna be a great day so now the reason
why I'm going to the UK is because I'm
performing at slime fest and if you
don't want SCI Festus it's basically
fest fill the slime kind of it's like a
Nickelodeon say I'm gonna performing six
times at it I would tell you go get
tickets but all the tickets already sold
out so the governors live fest and
Blackwall I'm just so so so pumped to
meet you guys but anyways I'm just so
excited for the day it's gonna be epic
we're gonna go vlog we're gonna go fly
I'm kind of sad and you want me to tell
you why I'm sad I'll tell you why I'm
sad because here's the thing so if you
don't know this
not we but someone in this world like
like he's not me personally but someone
makes them right so they make Jody
suitcases I'm not gonna lie I really
wanted to take a Georgia suitcase but
unfortunately for me I had to take a big
suitcase so I don't get it but it's okay
I'm there just so many cool things in
this room like just it's just so bright
and colorful in here it's so much
alright anyways so now we're about to
walk out the door say bye to the lovely
ass although my mom said go prepared the
door beep but all the doors are shut
whatever but yeah we're saying goodbye
to this lovely little house and we'll
see you in the car ride oh so here's
what's going on right now is the reason
why the last clip didn't have audio is
because my microphone was on so I had
the battery in the wrong way I'm a mess
but it's okay because I am now on the
flights and we are gonna rock and roll
we're gonna head over to the UK so here
is what is going down right now my
friend Brittany Vanessa just ITV they
have like messaging things like that
circle there's gonna be some interesting
things going on on this flight they got
duck that I'm probably gonna try got
lots of food that I'm gonna eat me and
we're gonna hang out a little bit and
there's gonna be some fun so let's go
get this fight started alright you guys
so here's the thing I'm actually on the
plane right now and the only way that
this is going to make my life
teeny-tiny bit easier with the blog does
that if I actually wrap this up here I
know it's kind of sad but I'm here who's
going down is what I live in London it's
gonna be an 11 o'clock so I'm gonna
start that because I'm holding today and
just switch to London schedule that's
gonna be fast that's gonna be easy
because last time I was in London
and so on this time I'm making some
changes that I'm making it super easy so
I that's a rabble today I'm sorry that
this vlog was so short but um I hope you
had fun flying with me like that much
and
Xiomara London boosts
