no way yo you guys good morning to every
single student in to us after this
entire little world hi guys are they
good glad to hear anyways I know my
voice is gone it's terrible this is why
it's terrible because I'm performing in
slime fest and I literally leave for
London tomorrow but guess where we are
right now we're at the mall we were at
to a pain Canyon and living this but
seriously you guys we have this whole
mall to ourselves right now we're gonna
go shopping
we're gonna go to game stores we're
gonna get close we're gonna get bags
basically me and my mom like to do this
thing where we get like I survived so
like I survived book tour I survived UK
so we're getting our I survived you get
a little a pseudo maybe I'll tell you
what I get maybe I won't tell you what I
get but you will get to come along with
me on this fun shopping journey so let's
go oh I don't why are there because look
at you like it's a really good like
library to Rainbow I'm gonna ride the
Mel
I guess America like merry-go-round
so I'm definitely gonna convince my mom
to let me ride the mare aground later
but I look what else's mom as a target
so of course let me get my Mack Mack on
him where we gonna go target because
like we always go to Target so let's go
find some Jojo words give me food I love
dogs so my mom's always like come on
George let's go and then look at it
right now look at her no joke I've been
where he's going to tell you before I do
and a half three and a half four and a
half minutes
you ready when our new boo boo rabbit I
know what I've been waiting for you for
you I've been sitting back there
guys I love my mom but she it was a joke
I'm too big for that you know look at it
in the target islands and what's calling
me Lauren taught me all right one sec
but we're looking in the dairy aisle I
don't see any Jojo merch I looked at the
clothing I looked at the pajamas and I
looked at the underwear and they don't
have anything so sad this means that
they sold out but it's still so sad
we're gonna go find the toys oh ah wait
wait to have it they have one thing they
do right there they only got three room
that's a good size halt break anything
they do have my boy though they got the
dancing guys game you should you should
get there no David yeah no way yes yes
what I didn't know these things are in
Target did you know no way no way so if
you haven't seen in my past via vlog
I've actually ran through the aisles of
Target and I've looked in the doll I
also mean like do they have it no they
don't have it but kind of teasing you
guys cuz I didn't know when I was coming
out but look at my two babies oh my God
look at it isn't it beautiful
no but seriously you guys have the new
Jojo doll this is crazy you guys go to
your target and see if they have it but
say the same thing on the back pulling
through a whirlwind right now they have
my doll at Target you chose your doll
there's a new Jojo doll at Target
what oh I get it can we buy him yeah one
for me one for you perfect
oh my god oh my god like I can't even
really like I can't even believe what
they have it I'm so happy right now
so we just bought our Jojo dolls but we
totally forgot about something so target
has the bedding and they have the book
so we're gonna go check and see if they
got those at this sorry pressure from
Georgia where she brought a pizza pan
gotta love her you know it's actually
kind of sad they don't have vetting Paul
look at the copper shell see listening
online we should buy one guys they go on
my book healers it was like a successful
trip to target but pretty sad guys like
I still get even believe that they have
Jojo the new Jojo doll at Target and by
the way like this is a 100 side not a
pro more like at all like I actually Ted
Sears was not this mall went to Target
looked for the doll may have the Jojo
doll it was just so cooling I haven't
seen is Jojo now we're actually walking
out of the mall and we're gonna head
over to Walley world
oh are you guys well you already know
that we came to Walley world I feel like
some of you are probably like well
what's wall-e room and you may not know
Wally reule this Walmart my mom just
like to call Wally reule but there are a
lot of Jojo products at Walmart that I'm
a mission for today first things first
the Halloween costume I'm really looking
for the Jojo one I got the Jojo merge
and they don't have that many yeah I
mean it's just good I think I think that
girls should buy this don't you guys
yeah so I thought my Halloween costume
but now I'm gonna go on a mission I
gotta look for the book of my life doll
the other dolls they did poster maybe
some Christmas stuff I don't I really
don't know what I want to miss before hi
there it's all good but yeah so I think
I'm gonna buy a few of these Halloween
costumes let's buy Warren for sure my
two of them because you know I've just
numbers myself for Halloween are men
you'd put two of them together so I
literally just might like the world's
cutest even ater she was literally like
this big and she was for sure sir
but now I'm on a mission for the my
lifestyle so these are the my life
dollars right here
usually the Jojo my life doll though
isn't my V so how long was I gonna tell
you if I find it
excuse me I have a question for you do
you know if they have the Jojo see what
my life doll he knows he knows wait what
do you got what do you got the vit the
tall one sold out wait they sold out
right away that is a goal achieved you
know why that's a little cheap
cuz I'm Jojo so that's a very big goal
achieved for me yeah that that's me
that's me so they really sold out right
once you put him out yeah I love so I'm
in case you missed that situation I
found a worker I asked him hey like you
know Jodeci uh do you have the my life
channel
and he was like Oh Jojo see what like he
totally knew what I was talking about
right and so then what happened is we
like what's this looks cool but like
what happened is basically he took me to
the Barbie doll and I was like no no the
big tall my life - all he's like oh no
no that's all doubt I was like thanks
yeah we literally got that on Friday and
it's already sold out and today is
Monday sold out over the weekend I gotta
go for my mom and tell her that Marco
Marco Marco so I'm a guy through skew my
life dolls went out on Friday they
already sold out all right so now I
don't really know what I'm on a mission
for because actually the my life doll
was literally the one thing that I was
trying to buy yeah um so I need you guys
do me a favor go to your my real Walmart
and see if they have my life doll what
is this thing I'm a little
look at this thing it's like a ball me
like what is that oh my like unravel is
like a really big ball thing I don't get
it oh oh I know we can find let's see if
they have it do they know they don't
have it yet I'm looking for the karaoke
machine now I think they have it is that
it yep they got the karaoke machine I
only got one karaoke machine which is
good it's a success um wow they have a
lot of stuff here at Walmart oh there's
another karaoke machine up there so they
got to hear yoga machines they got a few
of the Barbie dolls where there's a new
Beach 200 marks for being the terminator
should we go on a mission for it all
right you guys so now we are going to go
on a few more mission
it's a fun Walmart adventure alright
let's see if they got the bedding
batting batting batting yeah nobody
I'll aim so now we want to get clothing
bomber is goes out close and they're
supposed our foes they never do but
they're supposed to um what else what
else I'm trying to think Oh watch it
while we wasn't watching oh I might get
some like Halloween clips to while I'm
here
what is that I've never seen before
was looking I'll show you exactly what I
was looking at the watches right then I
went over to look right here and I saw
this little unicorn thing right and I
was like that's very similar to my
unicorn and I was like I've like my very
own style guide stuff so I was like that
looks just like my unicorn and then I
was like that looks like my tag these
are my colors and then I found a unicorn
a pop ball and a lip gloss I want to go
see anything out more of these wait is
this one too I'm gonna find a worker and
see if they know what this thing is
hi there I have a question for you do
you know if you guys have any more of
these okay I think I only saw one but I
don't feel like it was where it should
have been yeah
but then I was like you
yeah except for it's like a branded one
thank you
she's like popular in the kid world so
maybe yeah okay wait oh my god no I'm
dead serious no I know right it's the
weirdest thing like it can show them
it's like the funniest thing Wow
I don't I have it's like the weirdest
thing I can't even tell you like all my
friends have been sending me this girl
and they've been like you guys literally
look the exact same and I was like okay
well that's weird and then I was like
well I'm adopted so maybe like we're
like like it's the weirdest day I can't
even tell you to your department but
it's weird because we have different
last names so like I just write it's
just so funny and then I started like
we're like her side 20 0 because I
wanted to check people my life you guys
this is literally my life okay it's fine
am i coming with you alright I'm coming
with her and then I found out that my
cousins are fans of this girl I found it
like kinda by the kids watches yeah it's
like right where I found it
no no no I appreciate your help
should like just getting your camera
this is likely - it's funny
it's not weird I literally just saw that
and I was like wait a second there don't
think I asked you to go look it's near
pharmacy oh maybe maybe maybe because
what happened is it said it's gone to my
department but I've never seen it
because it is like cosmetics yeah oh
thank you so much for all of your help
really you're good it's all good you can
okay out of your corner yes yes thank
you so much I totally just went through
like 25 minutes you're tricking that
girl but it was so worth it I can't even
tell you now I just really got to look
through everything because I'm I
literally had no clue what this is like
I'm dead serious
I will go show this to my ramen show
like what is that also - I saw they have
like press-on nails now so maybe they
got that stuff - and there's like bath
bombs and bubble bath
yeah never seen this stuff before
I'm telling you I have no clue what this
is imma go around the corner where
there's no one guys I literally just
went to the cosmedix and I just found
this I'm tell you this is like a day
full of finding Jojo products that I
don't know of literally so this thing is
a cupcake flavoured iridescent lip gloss
I have a question that you might be able
to help me out with do you know if you
guys sell any other Jojo Co like
cosmetic key stuff like this girl you
guys I'm legit I'm gonna go find my mom
right now and show her this stuff and
you will see her reaction - because
she's literally gonna be like get in
tell you like I'm telling you we
literally we literally went to Walmart
like if this was a Roma unit would know
because I were to go to Walmart and
Target but like here's the thing you
guys I wonder if they make Jojo
plantains but here's the thing you guys
so I'm literally at Walmart right now
hunting for my product and I I found out
two things that I had no idea of it just
pretty cool I'm not gonna lie I kinda
like it
now I feel like I literally should look
down every aisle because I literally
something about every single corner like
I can't even tell you this is like
hilarious like seriously I can't even
tell you this is actually like making my
day like it's just so funny
it's like it just it's just so funny
like I can't even
alright now I gotta go find my mom no
she's looking for food but I have no
clue where she's now I could call her
but I was boring I'm just gonna look for
her mommy mommy mommy me down yeah I'm
gonna cover up the stuff so she doesn't
know all right mom so I need your
genuine reaction to this because you've
never seen any of this before okay I
don't number one we've got one of this
so I found this unicorn right uh-huh so
I was looking for the watches and found
and I was kind of looking around and I
saw this you pokorny uncle does the
first thing that I stopped and I was
like yo that looks like my unicorn so I
was like whatever doesn't matter then I
saw the thing and I was like okay so I
found it and I was like I bet you they
have like I've seen dress on me on I've
seen the bat down but you know that so
anyone with cosmetic I found those
snares swords but I like the kitty
makeup in cosmetics and pharmacy and
this was by like the kids watches right
I mean like the honors because I'm
telling them that this is not real why
I'm not staged up down here like
literally no I'm telling you I went to
Walmart and I found that you know
literally cannot make it's not crazy
we're just having the best time in a few
days are going around all I find him
Jojo merch it's pretty epic all right
you guys so now that I showed that to my
mom it is time to go find the four
supposed to be involvement I know that
for a fact but um you never know they
may have they may not hi there I am just
doing excellent excellent a it's nice to
meet you
be nice to everyone you see you guys
maybe I should look for the poster
shouldn't I let's see if they got a
poster usually it's number two maybe we
have it look it I'll show you I'll show
you hopefully not look at that look at
that they got me I'm right there oh
sorry I've seen that before though
that's treasurer national so that's just
like every story basically so long ever
looking for your own 700 I found the
books found books alright let's go find
the book and let's go see if they got
the book no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no all right so
they don't have the book which is sad
but it's not terrible because they do
have a lot of other things I challenge
you guys go to your mama and see what
you can find jojomo tries because yeah I
can find a lot but um I challenge you to
see what you can find see if you can
find more than I tried I bought three
things but then I found like four or
five I think I've got a lot of good
things yeah Walmart and what can you
find now I'm gonna go catch up with my
mom and get some food for where we go
delay you hi hi you guys I just went
food shopping for like a good two and a
half minutes and it was quite boring so
now I'm going on more missions for Jojo
merch okay so um I figured it would be
smart to probably go look at the
Christmas stuff because I was like you
know they probably got your Christmas
merge so look don't find the Christmas
stuff okay they make giant blow-up op
patrols they should make giant blow-up
jojo's I'm just saying
comment down below now I don't know give
this video a thumbs up if you buy had
YouTube little thingy I'm kind of not
gonna lie I'm just hanging out on the
clearance aisle because it's calling
back you and I kind of like it I mean I
should look for some Jojo merge back
here because like why not and to be real
honest I hope none of its on soon but
you never know and even if it was on
clearance
Jojo Burgess tell Jojo Marie let's be
real alrighty anything up here oh wait I
do something but they got they got one
too good thing that they only got one
they got this thingamajiggy cute I'm
leaving here for someone else to buy it
oh wait you're a I
you're a laugh every about my favorite
cheese brushes to buy I just like the
soup normal chill ones they're just so
nice and I need a deodorant kid you
always guys smell your deodorant to see
if it smells good and see if it's used
wow this kind of got a little awkward
with me talking about deodorant but
whatever it's fine but if they sell the
joke party favors
anything anything nothing just nothing
no that's cool it's cool I got a lot of
Georgia more just maybe happy you guys
let me tell you something you know how
excited I am to perform in the UK now
see here's the thing let me preface this
by saying I am like very excited but um
here's the thing is that you know my
voice is gone and so you know performing
to be a little difficult but these few
next few days I just need to really rest
it and then trust that I know what I'm
doing and I just got there live my life
and sparkle bar but I'm gonna see if
they make Jojo cake here and then I'm
just going to have them make them and
I'm gonna surprise my mom with it they
don't have the Jojo seam cake that's not
cool my friend is going through
something right now and I got a texture
back how do you guys sorry about that
figure that one out
um okay now I'm looking for Georgia
fruit snacks you guys just remember to
have fun in life that's the only thing I
can tell you just have fun nothing
nothing bad happened no one died it's
just exaggeration um but we're not gonna
worry about that because we are going to
go find a job root snacks I don't know
it's very sacks are I'm not gonna look
for them we're just gonna go with that
now I'm gonna go find my mom and enjoy
the rest of this trip at Walmart are you
guys oh my goodness my voice but would
you look at that we're actually back at
our house right now and we got back here
and we those flowers at our door you're
like oh where are these from right and
look at who they're from but they're
from Casey Patterson now Casey Patterson
let me I've explained her to you once
before the vlog but let me really so you
know lip sync battle shorties that just
happened basically it goes like
Nickelodeon is the network and then
Casey Patterson is the production and
the production is Casey bad as in
production it's very very confusing but
like it's like it's she's very cool
she's very big she's very awesome right
and look at she sent me these beautiful
gorgeous unbelievable flowers and she
said
you're my hero love and miss you beauty
congratulations kids like it's just
crazy they're so beautiful and like
literally I love her so much like Casey
I can't even tell you she is like one of
the nicest people that I've ever got to
work with that's why I like lip sync
I'll show you is just like my favorite
thing that I've ever got to do is just
it was so fun I mean just getting to
work with everyone on the set so like if
anyone's watching you this from losing
mouth I love you guys so much now here's
what's going down now that I am back
home I am have to pack up I leave for
the UK tomorrow and I don't have one
thing packed so that's a goal achieved
but good news is I got a really cool new
backpack that I'm excited to pack up and
I got a I'm excited to pack up like I'm
gonna show you something really cool you
ready looking at look at you see that I
tell them what this much of it is she
keep it a secret
obviously but I'm for real look at this
I still haven't even unpacked like I'm
not even joking my suitcase I stay right
here not to pack up again so alright you
guys so huge what is going down so
basically I showered and now good beds
uh-oh guys so much as a wrap on today
and I will see you tomorrow peace
