you guys you're never gonna believe what
I just back good morning every single
state where NATO is out there there's a
tired little baby world how you guys in
today I'm actually kind of quiet not
right now because it is actually 1146 at
night but um I need to tell you
something I clearly did not start Maidan
1146 at night but um I did start my day
Adler slows roars check it out
honey that's a look I'm right now I am
in rehearsals with all my dancers let's
go say hi to them yeah we got a jp3
we got Geiger view we got actually just
got done with rehearsals how'd you guys
how'd it go how'd it go well I've never
seen them so calm there ladies so calm
right other words like well the crazier
kids are Lois we're actually just
wrapping up our results and so we're
just chilling talking the people over
there that are doing the business he
things aren't doing the business he
sings right now that's all waiting for
today was like the day where I had like
my INEOS and my microphone and all that
jazz ready alfalfa and put you ready for
this you're gonna watch guy get scared
you ready so guys my choreographer and
dancer do it watches
what are you gonna run away all right
all right huh run away
where you gotta go I do it every day I
live in a job all day are you guys so
after rehearsals we actually came to the
Americana and first started we were like
let's go to where Barnes and Noble and
let's go try and find the book and so
that's what we did and we thought it was
gonna be very difficult to find but like
that right there and look where it's at
popular with young readers nothing's
exactly where I want to be a baby water
my next our next - I mean like duds I'm
just I just feel so cool right now who
else my body like what's over here
called a cool book yeah yeah I mean I'm
by her like this I was crazy
oh yeah I mean you guys and that one
says a New York Times bestseller mine
doesn't say New York Times bestseller I
just don't understand better my New York
Times I said oh we found the book at
Barnes & Nobles that's pretty
now we're getting Starbucks I didn't
know we're getting started yeah whoa
you're cool I've read tell y'all I'm
getting a what am I getting Oh they've a
Philly cheesesteak that is not right
sorry Shabana I'm getting a passion tea
lemonade with pom-poms a raspberry not
gonna lie I did tell them my name is
Penelope my cop says Penelope on it
y'all can call me Penelope down
ha - two drinks here I got my Penelope
drink let's go not gonna lie that trip
was a success they got Starbucks I got
well I got Starbucks mebiner was too
sweet you tried it what do you think of
my drink
it was coffee but there was not even
kind of a coffee pinyon and I don't
understand
oh because anything that pours Lord if
you're watching us right now you're
gonna love this
I'm literally in middle of our to know
when they're playing Grey's Anatomy not
Anatomy music oh my god I love it I love
it I've never heard this talk anywhere
besides me my best friends in yet I'm so
happy
by the way the song is the story you
can't hear it but I could hear it was
pretty awesome for real one of the best
moments on my life listening you guys
song in that so I don't even think you
know me now we're in Sephora and I'm not
gonna lie this is one of the stories
that just makes the bank account go from
here to down here know I'm kind of over
exaggerating but kind of not over
exaggerating you know I have to get
stuff I have to get concealer I stuff
and anything else I want
well that's a wrap on Sephora I would
definitely say we probably bought a half
of the store I mean what did you say
just about that just by the eyes you can
see why they want to come take my job we
go to that
you guys look why he's not yours a high
look at shares of Georgia Raleigh
where should they subscribe to
or channel oh you subscribe to me what's
your YouTube channel
Jasmin's world I love it and look at you
guys should go get you pretty awesome
alright so don't know if you guys know
this but actually for a while I've been
planning on getting a laptop and today
is finally the day so I put an apple
right now and I'm getting a laptop my
mom's getting an iPad you'll notice yet
I wanted anyone for forever
I should haven't gotten it I haven't
been in the mood but today I'm getting
it but the one thing that's kind of
unfortunate is it doesn't have an SD
card holder but they make this little
magical device they that transports and
makes it an SD card holders like magic
literally that's playing right now so I
got a bat in my laptop I don't think
about chickies I finally bought it I
know I've been talking about it for
awhile and I finally did it
my leo you have and I did it she's had
to casually walk in the background but I
I'm just so happy every night I've
debated on it because it doesn't have an
SD card holder and obviously of what
everyday subscribe get no wife will
figure it out and so that's what I did I
figured that I want you to sometime you
do yeah I'm telling y'all say hi already
you guys will I'm actually back home
right now and I'm I just thought I'd let
you know that that is a wrap on today I
love you guys so so so so so so so much
but if ever you guys will always so much
say you were me to see you later and
I'll see ya tomorrow peace
