I am a New York Times best seller like
morning every single Simonet who is out
there this entire little baby tiny world
even though it's like the biggest thing
any of us will ever experience we're all
so how do you guys wanna do you good I'm
just so glad to hear that
anyways right now I am on set kind of
it's kind of like I got pressed said
it's kind of interview thing up but in
this fine I am going to Hallmark home
and family gonna promote the book gonna
do something with a dog maybe which I'm
excited for but let's see who we all got
with us today
we got mom Andre we got my manager we
got my book people we got a producer
we got a hair and makeup person we got a
security Boise wow we have a lot of
people with us today oh and we got me um
we're gonna go on set I don't know what
I'm gonna do um it's kind of pretty fun
though I'm probably gonna let my mom
film some of it so let's go check it out
also drew forgot to tell you where we're
actually at so we're on the universe
you're like my god you like my
microphone no but we are on the
Universal Studios backlot and we they
have like this long so cute like
literally Universal Studios is like
right down you can see hog or it's like
right up there like it's pretty cool
it's pretty epic like could sneak into
Universal from back here I mean I'm not
gonna do that but you could very easily
this is one literally so cute like it's
all decorated for Halloween and it's
like this little I was like but what my
house look like this is crazy and look
at this I walked over here and I was
like they got glitter all the glitter I
just I just love glitter if you can't
tell I'm just obsessed with it few
moments later we actually wrapped it up
over our home one family mom what did
you think of it
loved it I could tell you already loved
it before you and said you loved it oh
my and I do have my seatbelt on for your
information it's just time down to my
arm because it's too hard to vlog like
that now where are we going Jasper
oh we are going to Panda Express but
where we going after panic room oh why
because it's no but Pharrell it is the
last book signing um it's kind of sad
that it's over but it's also like a
happy thing because it means that I got
to meet so many people and like got to
do so many things and it was just very
exciting but now it's Everlast toward
stop at the Grove tonight it's gonna be
awesome and then after that's night I'd
like never explain what's going on today
so then after the Grove tonight we are
going to dinner and then after dinner we
are going to go to the airport and pick
up my mom sister and her two kids out of
three kids she has three kids but one of
them is not here because he's like a
little tiny baby and so Miley Jack and
Tessa they're all coming tonight we look
at panic room doesn't escape them looks
fun but um they're all coming tonight
and it'll be really fun and I'm really
excited gonna see all that and we're
gonna get to do fun stuff with them oh
yeah yeah we're gonna get to a lot a lot
a lot fun stuff and we're you guys
before I hang up this phone meeting the
camera and cut to the next clip I
actually thought that I should let you
know something I am a new so I'm if you
did not know you guys I made a New York
best time selling New York best time so
it sure that's close enough
um but I made a list and I've no respect
is just amazing you guys like out of
every single book I'm number six on the
New York Times bestseller like that is
just insane for my book judges got a
sweet life link in the description if
you want to order it now um but
seriously you guys this is just crazy
like a dream come true remind like just
being a New York Times best seller like
that's just not something that like
happens out of the blue like that's just
crazy so so thank you though so go so
okay that's the thing but thank you to
you guys so much for just being loving
me like you guys I just I can't even
tell you like that's just like in
and I can't even like it just real now
we are gonna go get some Panda Express
are you guys hold on pause I am
interrupting this vlog for one second
right now I am at rehearsal so just like
I'm all sweaty but I just thought that I
needed to tell you this it's so
important like I can't even tell you so
you guys the emoji movie is literally
like my favorite movie right now it's so
cute I love it so much I've literally
watch like 50 billion different times um
you can go download it right now on
digital and it is also gonna be
available on blu-ray and DVD on 10:24 I
know right like so sure so excited you
guys also do this is sponsored by the
emoji movie but for real you guys I
can't even tell you like it's just so
funny and I love it so much so if you
want to check it out right now you can
click the link that is in my description
box ok now is in this vlog Barbie and
Express I'm gonna order I already know
what I'm doing this place is so good
it's like literally one of my favorites
they just put up fresh ones chicken
alrighty
could I please get a 2 plate with
half-and-half sounds good doesn't it and
then I'm gonna skedaddle over here and
get double orange chicken and I think
could I get the fresh one not the old
ones cuz they have to get fresher stuff
now old stuff obviously what
like way I talk thank you this is here
oh my goodness we're gonna hi
I want a Panda Express just want to say
hi to this pretty epic - here's the
rundown of everything that I got a Panda
Express
so I got a drink I don't know what drink
I'm getting yet I got orange chicken I
got right I got chow mein
I got sprinkles I got cream cheese
dragons I got red sauce and that's where
it and wait you can't kind of an
exercise and not get a cookie yeah you
cannot get a cookie I don't even think
you understand that Panda Express was
literally delicious but now we are
actually in the back of Barnes & Noble I
have to go to the bath but I'm about to
sign some of these books George's guide
to the sweet life it's gonna be pretty
epic I'm gonna sign 200 of them for the
signing I already signed 800 of them
excuse you excuse you peeping at me I
just stay far away oh ok makes sense
oh but we were in the backroom of vines
and I was and we're gonna sign 200 I
already sent 800 but now I get sent to
very more so I go to Beth and then I'm
gonna sign some books
the Uyghurs finish those books starting
them but if you don't know this already
I'm actually pretty good at the Rubik's
Cube so I can get it done pretty fast
but only one side of it I've only got it
one side of it and the poison he likes
to do rubik's cube in with me is my
security guard Mike so Mike you wanna
tie me my record is what fit 52 any
desires for one time so pick a color you
can pick the color blue go ahead alright
I find the blue in the middle all right
here we go
oh stop it
oh my goodness I've done some bounce and
this is new my Ruby cube this is on the
happy
I just feel Stella College right now I
got to the 30s yeah
all right you guys well daddy's enough
playing with the Rubik's Cube and it is
time to go start the main
all right now let's go start the me
angry I'm not negative but I am gonna
show you some of the cutest fans of
myself
well
I'm everything tomorrow
I mean do you have are you oh my
goodness I love it what's your name oh
my gosh
whoa don't shoot saving me one of them
and you are those Jojo socks too I can't
I don't even have words for this all
right so we just wrapped it up at Barnes
& Noble I am back in the back room of
Barnes & Noble while Barnes and Noble
and back in the back room said that a
lot of times but now we're going to go
get some dinner we're going to
Maggiano's I'm so excited I'm so hungry
also too I'm coming here in chat with
you for one second okay so here's the
situation so you guys I've talked so
many times this literally like past book
tour basically and I feel like I have a
hole in my throat like I know that
sounds really weird but like that's
literally what it feels like and then
it's like yeah sure I get harassed my
voice
no I rehearsal first saliva fest
tomorrow so it's like it's kind of funny
it's a good mixture of things but we're
gonna go get some food and I think
that'll help because I am I don't let's
go get some fun party so few more
moments later we are actually in the car
again we actually ate Maggiano's but I
didn't vlog anything because here's why
I didn't want to like vlog dinner
because it was like the last time being
with everyone in shock I just want to
like have fun and enjoy it and just like
chill and not really worry about working
at dinner does that make
yeah that makes sense but now we were
actually on our way to the airport to
pick up
Tessa Miley and Jack so that's my mom
sister that my cousin but her sisters
good server nieces and nephews you
understand what I'm saying we're all
related somehow um I'm gonna go chill in
the car and I'm gonna do nothing he has
that time that sounds great
all right you guys well we actually just
picked them up from the airport and we
had a long drive home right you guys we
were at the other foot two hours you're
on your life like six and a half hours
is pretty crazy but this is Miley and
this is jacket over there I'll know what
Jesus is trying up the flow but we are
gonna go to bed because we are all super
tired and also to using this on Friday
but ah it's happening on the third oh
you over net how many are there in there
man you should count how many licks it
takes to get to the center of one of
them you don't have a choice you're
gonna be in it look at you look at you
made your debut yeah yeah I'm gonna side
with that does it doesn't wanna be seen
on camera look at all no this right
there you got a knife you crossed that
way I'm gonna yeah all right you guys
but we are actually all super tired
right now um plus it's grayed out every
night so I'm gonna go watch some Grey's
Anatomy
oh yeah so much as a wrap on today thank
you for so much for being a simulator
than you've made yourself thank you for
being who you are thank you for
subscribing thank you for loving
everyone and we got sent peace out with
me
Hey
