what is happening good morning to every
single c18 who is out there than an
entire role mom did I just scare you
yeah all right good I thought it was
obvious that I was gonna be vlogging
because the camera was not you saw me
get out but it's okay
chickens a little terrified when I start
vlogging because I scream very very very
very loud anyways you guys guess what I
know if you could tell but I am in Omaha
Nebraska that was West Maple Road that's
like one of the most common streets in
Omaha Nebraska so if you're from Omaha
you know what I'm talking about
but if you don't know this either Omaha
Nebraska is actually my hometown so I am
like kickin it old-school like chillin
at my old house looks like it's like
it's actually pretty epic so um what
happened last night is we actually drove
in the car and we had a six hour drive
five and a half hour drive but
technically six hours like it's just
easier to say that we drove and we slept
the night at our house and tonight today
and tomorrow and the next day believe
we're gonna be at our house again um Wow
but that is a lot to say so I didn't
vlog anything because I was just in the
mood to not walk to it yesterday so but
if you also do not know this I have been
craving Sonic for like how long
literally a week every single tourist
stuff that we've been out of in like
Sonic driving near me Sonic driving near
me and finally you guys we have a sauna
go right by our house I looked at
Chicago I looked at Minnesota but
nowhere had it so ah where are we going
right now we are going to Sonic then we
are we going we are going to my
brother's a baseball game then where are
we going we're going to La Mesa with all
the book people then where are we going
my best friend Sonya Jedi going alright
and I don't know so excited before I
could play Monopoly I honestly for real
like do not know how much blog but if
I'm gonna get for you guys because
they're like my best friends and I want
to have a lot of fun but up so I took I
wanna vlog because that's like a lot of
fun for me anyways the infomercials over
now and by you I'll see when I give us a
tag I don't even think you know I'm
literally so it said like I do not get
it that excited for food but I am
literally so excited like chili nerd
slash girl geez cherry buds like yo like
literally oh my goodness mom are you
excited
you guys the moment us I'm so happy
right now I know that you understand
okay I'm gonna go drink this I'll see
you in a minute
anything today that is just my life but
on now get your are we are of course at
Target and we're at Target Omaha
Nebraska no one is in the store I'm
telling you not one person another story
and then we got my little baby cousin
Jada and we got my my head here boo
you're gonna walk around they all got
their jojomo chart today is it Jojo
underwear supposed to getting them I
don't know um what look in a second but
for real you guys
we're gonna go target shopping I don't
know we're gonna get but I only have
like 20 minutes so it's gonna be a
challenge she Louie I found B shirt the
viewer Jojo show where would you want to
be out oh wait this is where this grey
shirt supposed to be you guys they have
two of these what I don't know where the
other fifty are but um we're gonna find
them
excuse me ma'am you know a t-shirts art
she has orange or not red J always on a
dress that's good I forgot the dress we
got the shirts but those are the cards I
mean they must be sold out of the gray
shirt which is great for me terrible for
you guys you know how all my clothes
it's so depressed but any but it's fine
whatever let's go see if they got the
Jojo Betty at this target
if I were to ask you do I look anything
like her and I look like the girl that's
on this tag too and this tag and this
tag follow me follow me they have it yet
no they don't have it yet but you guys I
got a new doll out exclusive to target
so go check it out the link will be down
in the description it's on target com
there's a new exclusive doll they do not
have any stores but you can still go
check it out you can order it online
either one so go check it out many other
scripts do Island anything like the girl
on these cards we carried I know crazy
and it kind of way that I'm buying all
her products to brand I think the brand
man I'll give you this one you can buy
this one I need a longer awesome fee of
yours
mom did you see this bye Junior let's go
find a very cute costume wait I saw this
online ready hood so someone buys look
at you like peanut butter but wait
someone buys a Bell costume and the
other person buys a taco costume and
then boom Taco Bell suppose be getting
food right now for my sleepover but I'm
in the middle of figuring out how I can
convince them to let me go on the
megaphone
I'm pumpkin pumpkin balloons
all right well looks like I'm buying a
five pack up on Jim boiled look at their
frozen pieces they like 50 kinds you
know it's nothing here to say yeah we're
like seriously thank you I was walking
and I was like they dried out some Jojo
in here because I never know about any
of my brothers I'll get a job come on
so here's what's going down right now
we're gonna go up to guest services I'm
bragging say like I don't know what I'm
gonna say but I'm gonna convince them to
let me do this because we have new bows
that should be a good enough
I mean do it I will sign the wall of
this store on one condition
alright so my friends are actually gonna
be here in a total of like a minute so
we I do this quick we're gonna do it all
there I have a very important question
for you very very very important
what do I gotta do to be able to say
something over the loud monitor the loud
yeah it's going to PA one second hi so
look at these kids do you guys know who
I am yeah
what's my name Jojo see no lion
get services can she get on I get on
system okay ah oh no that's okay I like
I could right now go and just do it
but guys in life you gotta do the right
thing and um it's not the right thing
and its policies and I've got to do it
at Walmart before and so you know you
just got to follow the rules and it's
all right they didn't let me on the
intercom because the LRD said no which
is like leader or lob later on duty
whatever um he said no which is totally
understandable respectable but Walmart
loving um but I have to say I was
literally that close like they were
gonna let me and then the leader said no
whatever it's fine follow the rules kids
know you guys so when target doesn't let
you on the megaphone where do you go my
baby so we were at Walmart any picked up
a few new troops we're gonna find some
jojomo we're gonna try to get on the
megaphone
it's literally um 121 in the middle of
the night right now but whatever it
doesn't matter
oh it also I should probably point out
um we're all my onesie stuff
Walmart is empty you look at like
fight for who can get there fastest I
just look for my face right it should be
easy if I my face I wonder if they have
the underwear I don't know because they
don't have the underwear but whatever
it's fine let's go find ugly things get
there first I totally just got in
trouble look by the dog do you look by
the endcaps Oh guys guys guys here into
the my life dolls I'll see it
unfortunately they don't have them my
life doll so depressing they may not
have the my life doll or may not have
found it yet but they might have the
Barbie doll and he wanted to be a ringer
boom in the office - oh damn dogs dad
these are the hardest things to find who
microphones and Donald's yeah right we
need the cart barn who's on guard duty
we were just having success tonight I'm
very determined to find the my life
dolls
you're my life doll where would you be
they don't it's start pressing it's fine
now yay guys they found the headphones
I'm not going to show you to them cuz of
cards me back there but we found the
headphones by suing this Walmart
unfortunately would not let me on the
intercom bohu needs an intercom when you
got a loud voice like me attention
attention all Walmart shoppers this is
Joe Joe's new I like that so much and
subscribe and run
