I love it I know you Kayla hi Chloe
I know you Lucy Lincoln I hey she camera
shy
she never been on the vlog before she's
a little camera-shy hey Charlotte no way
well you guys say hi to my youtube one
minute 37 seconds later I'm just saying
no Monday is because we went yesterday
if you watch the one you know that
whatever do is one of our favorite
teachers there Emma Nisha we're gonna
come back tonight so you can get new I'm
glad when you get there why not cause
the news I can do my spider-mans again
Wow
no no actually they literally just turn
the music up while we have red lights
just with a vlog but I just like sit
here in silence the rest of the time she
has a Jojo Bowen I like it her friend it
too in there but her friend ran away
excited very excited
Jojo you excited yes I am very excited
we did my camera right you did okay
we're done
Oh
in here there's girls in here
Geordi feels a penis
oh my gosh i'm so hyoe ah that bubble
wrap was a loss I'm not gonna lie was a
lot okay so now what do I need to do go
down the checklist I need a shower and I
need to sleep yes two very good things
hi defensive there but you can not come
along with me on any of those journeys
because what I'm just gonna end the vlog
here I bet that's a wrap for today I
love y'all so much anyway where's he
headed right look at you hey hey hey
sure alright I was gonna have bubble
wrap it up I just really wanted she's
tired just like her mommy right now but
that is a wrap for today I love y'all so
much and I will what I will what I will
hold you I know I'm not I will
