all righty you guys so we are here at
Claire's I am here with Bailey Parkers
Jacob Chris hi kid and Jessica and we
are here because we are getting Bailey's
ears pierced today you want to say hi
Bailey or your are you excited to get
your ears pierced
she's excited hon oh you're cleaning
them so Bailey's about to get her ears
pierced I'm excited I'm excited to see
how she reacts cuz I was so little when
I got my ears pierced I don't even
remember it like I think I was actually
under the age so let's see what's
happening you got this and then you are
all done that's it and I'll hold a baby
she did it guys she's a big girl now
let's go what is happening so I have not
seen you since Wow and Bree it just kind
of found me at not scary for him and she
just wanted to say I but um I'm here
hang on right there and Jayden is over
here tying my shoe right now but we are
actually we are partying up at this
Instagram event and not scary farm right
now never been to Knott's Scary Farm or
Knott's Berry Farm
so I'm actually quite excited right now
I don't even that you understand we're
gonna go get checked in we're gonna hop
on one of these golf carts I believe
we're gonna go party it down at the
event it's gonna be epic I'm so excited
I'm gonna be great let's rewind to the
park and I already got scared so many
times that I didn't have time to put on
my camera
like what
we're walking up here I'm actually like
terrified right now
I have to pee really bad too so this is
not goodbye whatever we're gonna get
into this go be good all right so I'm
actually gonna walk the carpet but I'm
trying to camp right because if you look
over there there's absolutely some scary
people it's gonna be kind of fun kind of
scary I'm not really ready but I might
blog on the carpet it's like why not
let's go
okay
Hey
Oh
oh my god this had a heart attack
okay whatever we just weren't amazing I
was pretty happy so I'll see you so
where else
go
I know what you're talking about dance
I'm not from the Lakers
no matter what
in Marbella I'm taking my ball and I'm
leaving
