hi guys welcome back to my second
channel anyways I am here with the girls
clever and we are about to play a big
fun around and never have I ever and
it's gonna be pretty epic so let's do it
never have I ever kissed a boy oh all
right never have I ever been on a TV
show
oh I have you never have but like know
it's like a main person on a TV show oh
I know a few of them never have I ever
farted in public and blamed it on
someone else I feel like everyone has
definitely done that just I mean I can't
think of a specific incident but like
you're like oh that's my dog or
something I've never openly said it but
it was like oh it was that first I don't
know like I definitely haven't claimed
the Subspace wait you've never done that
no I always claimed it is that you fart
never have I ever pull a fire alarm oh
no no I'm just scared of my arm you know
I'm so scared
Oh even not mess around papa mean Jail
okay whenever if I ever how to toilet
overflow in someone's house never have I
ever like very good I recently learned
how to charm a baton true story never
never ever made a pie or really baked
good in general except once what the
help I've eaten quite a bit but I would
not say I'm making quite a bit
are you a baker wait here's the thing
why do you why don't you cook cookies
and I think I don't know but I agree
take you right to their channels we're
going to be doing a funny video of their
work but we try out these nasty led last
thing is I saw their faces are all
messed up I go check that leg um
