that actually wasn't allowed to vlog on
set today like typical put on what I did
get a vlog at today's target now let me
get to explaining I'm actually gonna
have to be kind of like discrete in you
because you know it's fine I'm not gonna
like explain the reasons why but like
it's cool because look at what I just
found a target so like we all know you
can get this super cute shirt at Target
and this super cute dress and this super
cute shirt all that target well I guess
what they added two more items what
don't look at this down here we got this
little hat beanie and it's very cute and
um good news for me bad news for you at
my target there is only one of them left
so um yeah only one baby left and then
um other good news for me but not for
you is I actually they sell gloves here
now which is pretty epic so like hold on
so if you read this tag it says gloves
Nickelodeon actually it says nickel Jojo
pink solid um here's the thing is they
actually sold out so they don't have any
of you which is like really good for me
but actually that kind of terrible for
you I mean now I got some more good news
for you so usually at this target on my
specific target they have all of these
branded t-shirts right and usually they
would have the Jojo shirt here but um
good news those all sold out too and so
those are gone yeah there's literally so
much cool merch at Target so you all
need to go check it out right now look
at this you guys we got this shirt which
is very cute hold on I just messed it up
I can't mess it up anymore okay wait
hold on I boom I fix it and then we got
the dress and we got the shirt and
there's actually a lot more much coming
out and target so you guys are gonna
like want to go to pick it up now while
you can before it's all gone because it
goes pretty quick I don't even know that
they had some of this stuff I didn't
even know they had the gloves and I came
here and I found the tag and they said
that they're gone and then to the shirt
is gone and but they still got this
stuff so it's like it's pretty epic you
guys you need to come to Target right
now to find this little shirt this
little dress and this little shirt and
you need to pick it up right now today
go for it um but like I was saying
there's actually like a ton of more
merch coming out so you guys are not
even ready
show now um if you don't know this i'ma
hang out in the little girls section
because it's like kind of hidden in a
corner and I like it um but for real my
parents are actually going to Vegas what
yeah so they're going to Vegas and so
basically I am here at Target because I
need to get some food and so I need to
get some like snick snacks with some
Gatorade and some bagels and like
whatever else I wanted so that is
actually why we're at Target sorry if
that was like the angle that you were
just saying like whatever get over it
I'm gonna go get some food and actually
I think the first thing on my list is
gonna be these dad but Bruns let's go
well when your parents are going out of
town together they actually let you buy
pretty much whatever you want at the
store so um you already know I'm gonna
guess I'm processing it also - I need to
make a very quick announcement if you do
not put your frosting in the fridge and
you eat it cold what are you doing with
your life
oh you know what I need to get I need to
get a juice into George's juice let's
see what they all got here oh they got a
few juices why do I pick what do I pick
what do I pick what do I pick I think I
pick something from over here no maybe
over here let's go here that's good what
drew should I get well why should I get
I'm gonna pour it over my head yeah this
one I've already done this one I know
I've done actually most of the easier
it's kind of embarrassing
I haven't done this thing I'll just hit
a banana one look at this let's Clement
I love banana I don't know why don't you
pick one I even if I've already done it
already to it this Clamato the big one
this big one all right you told me all
right cool that's Jojo just for this
week let's go oh and uh by the way um
Clement allo is actually uh what what is
it it is tomato cocktail Oh what we can
I say what I'm doing with that thing
okay see what I'm doing no no I can't no
I can't
then I better not show I can't tell you
what I'm doing whoever invented all of
these Halloween costumes is a genius
that's all I'm saying me jelly a
doughnut milkshake like a doughnut
hotdog i taco what she's like
genius man is really wish I had some
milk right now I just want a cookie
right now oh hey we got
yeah well meeting strangers not target
and that's what you do let's go dude I
legit just made a random stranger yet we
kind of were literally talking for four
seconds he put on the cookie I put on
some milk and I was like funny bit for
the vlog right there how it work I know
we can go find let's go that's me I got
a few products out at Target let's look
into chart hey you think they have it
yet I don't see it oh I don't think I
just tell them she's right cut here all
right so quietly only showing you my
show because I think what you're about
to see might shock you a bit so this is
what boredom looks like yes you are
seeing what this is this is called
boredom so I legit just used jeffree
star my boys cosmetics and um I just did
this to my face and we're gonna go see
what my parents like illicitly let's go
all right gotta go find my parents what
do you think my new look a highlighter
oh you like it Bri actually I started
with just like this little gold trip and
then Britt was like you just like do
your own face and I was like what is
that okay highlighter pretty epic
you like it yeah you know make up fine
okay
all right you guys well that is that
sure I'm gonna wrap it up here because I
gotta go film Jones just I love you guys
so much thank you buddy have a spirited
thank you for subscribing thank you for
being awesome and you guys I didn't tell
you something you didn't be yourselves
because you are yourselves you are
awesome and I love you guys so much for
that
alright guys peace out and I'll see you
tomorrow
