all righty you guys so if you cannot
tell I on the rooftop at Nickelodeon of
the parking garage technically that's
very bright out but we're here at
Nickelodeon we were gonna get some
meetings done look at that there's
Nickelodeon right down boom it's pretty
epic I legit oh what's just dropped my
camera but whatever I got a big huge
beating going on today so we're gonna go
hop in the elevator should be an epic
day I'm gonna get a meeting done but I
can't show you the meeting because that
would be illegal technically oh so I've
gotta go have a meeting and then I'll
see you guys in a second boom so we just
finished up at Nickelodeon we got our
little thinking of a jiggy that we were
doing there done and it was pretty epic
now we are headed over to get some
drive-thru because we're hungry
but then we are going to go over to vine
I don't know okay that's so polite of
you but we're gonna go interactive then
we're headed over to clever we're gonna
get some good stuff there we're doing
some press for the book and then I think
- you guys are gonna see a little bit of
footage from there it's gonna be pretty
epic so let's go get some food then
let's go - clubber but boys we gotta go
get some food let's go so we actually we
came to this place called submarine King
and it looks pretty good I'm not gonna
lie like this pretty delicious huh they
got subs it looks epic I'm pretty
excited then we're gonna go to 7-eleven
I'm gonna get a Slurpee yeah alrighty so
now we are walking over to 7-eleven we
just went to summer rink you know it's
pretty legit so we got our sandwiches
now we're waiting now we're going to
7-eleven obvious Slurpee
I don't know what else I'm getting
probably a little sex equity they got
ice cream I don't know what I'm getting
yet so if you're yep ago um man I'm
actually I'm like starving right
I'm never starving and I'm starving but
hey I just like me out of the deal so
let's go you guys I'm literally so happy
right now they have the cotton candy
Slurpee it's little just the best thing
it's so again you don't even understand
I look mmm I'm in heaven right now
Brian focus
ah Thank You Georgia from the past of
literally like 30 seconds ago because we
just walked down we're in the parking
garage
I got a dum dum and I'm very happy about
my dum dum you already imagined but that
video was actually pretty fun
I'm excited um we're gonna hop it over
whip whip now and we're gonna go over
and we're gonna whip whip towards
sweetheart now right madre is that right
are we gonna go whip whip okay go all
right you know just chillin in the car
lively we're hanging out we're talking
to some people I just got started people
are sending bobbin hubs like why there's
my camera on the screen you know it's
pretty epic all right but well you got
to drive now - sweetie Isaac
all righty see I told you I was coming
sweetie yeah right now so we're about to
go live on there lively I have honestly
no glue or drink but we're just gonna
find out but that's the point of a
lively like you go live you do the
things oh I knew you don't say I think I
absolutely want to say hi no idea where
you were imported at them oh yeah oh
yeah oh oh just wrapped up over at
sweetie hi look at this they got cute
big backgrounds so like thumbnail uh-huh
no but really guys we're leaving right
now I had a great time no lookit they
got my picture in there it's pretty epic
here we hung out we did alive it was
great but now people are gonna like go
get some food or go to Target or we're
gonna go home I'm gonna know what's
happening but let's go do it
laughter I want to do it in get my hair
done we get your hair done Oh
they're actually already getting
correction I'm getting asked my sentence
so I'm gonna be getting some extensions
so my hair is gonna be like a beautiful
I'm gonna be like a blonde Kardashian I
mean no you're gonna cash in
that's anyone okay okay well she's
getting her hair is chilly here come
here Mama's gonna come yeah all right
there's Bobo come here come here
come on come on all right so most are
just chillin no you gotta be in the vlog
footage
clickbait um but me and Boas are just
chillin all she's getting her hair down
I just say something we ordered some
pizza it's gonna be pretty epic hi hello
hello
you often hire the vlogging world oh you
want my microphone here again there you
go oh this audience right there of all
right I just read both covers up your
honor she loves this thing she loves it
she loves it go play with it you can go
play with it all right
Boas gonna play to my microphone
okay bye Bobo's I have my microphone
back please thank you
don't kick again Bobo like the
microphone but very oh I'm sorry this
sounds a terrible right now it probably
does um she getting her hair done
I'm chillin we ordered pizza pizza
should be here soon my car is over there
he is over there it's pretty epic it's
going great and I am hanging up on you
now bye hi there yo an amazing amazing
amazing Oh Jimmy but I don't reduce you
you're so high the water mean everybody
yes yes yes ooh it's so crazy how he
does that kick no he doesn't
it's so crazy leave it okay
cyberguy spoil a little bit he braids it
and then he like that something cook but
I'm not gonna spoil that but he legit is
like this is literally that's like your
like your superpower is a great ninja
he's a brave ninja break a job at my
house right now we are having a Jojo
pizza party right I was up it done it's
all gonna go eat some pizza dude some of
that pizza in my belly
it's gonna be great all right she's
gonna see it for the very first time
yeah oh I love it oh my god I love it
yeah you're like yeah yeah oh I love the
bank do like you didn't really gonna
love it oh thank you so much thank you
oh my gosh I can't even yeah thank you
thank you thank you okay okay I'm sorry
I've been playing anyway well we get
more glamour shopping is that hold on
guys we're gonna get you more glamorous
eyes before I go take pictures through
all that whould I get like like
seriously moderate it like so yeah and
like really uh hi you guys well I've
changed it up I shower - I didn't shower
but I wash dry
I'll put my if I took my makeup off and
did I say that I changed it I put on my
YouTube shirt always blood huh subscribe
but for really as that as what I did you
looked a little boy or girl whatever you
are it doesn't matter but for real you
guys I just wanted to say something very
important it's a very important message
that I have for all of you that is a
wrap on today I love you guys so much
that is my very important message I love
you guys so much thanks would be to see
your dinner if you're not Steven ATAR
subscribe join the field if you did
abuse I'll be who you are because you
are awesome just the way you are I love
you guys so much
yeah I'll see you tomorrow I like it
because it's every day except for those
days when I decide on bows peace
