hey everyone it's Jojo today I'm going
to show you how to do like I dropped it
duct tape magic oh I got a magic wallet
duct tape bracelet bow bleats what I
guess now some people like to just make
a cuff and then make a bow and then put
it on with duct tape but this is way
easier and nicer and it stays like in
shape um this one's a really bad one let
me show you like this one um and you
know they fit perfect and they take up
less room and duct tape or less room
let's duct tape so yeah let's get
started so first what you want to do is
make a cuff like this but I'm not gonna
I'm just gonna show you how to make that
oh right down so what you want to do is
cut a piece about two feet long and if
you have a really really tiny wrist go
about like one is 3/4 so about two feet
maybe a little under and the reason why
you're making it so big is because it
you want it big and because when you
pitch it down to make the bow it takes
up some room so next you're gonna fold
it in half and take your time would you
do this go slow and match your edges up
alright cuz cuz then it'll turn out nice
and clean and then if you have some edge
sticking up at the top just fold that
over but try not to get any edge showing
on the sides now you can only tell cuz
that's your s fxg back or if it's too
big for your wrist so then if it's too
big cut just like if you look really
closely there's like stripes in the duct
tape you just cut about two or three off
at this time and then you'll measure it
again and then you can cut
if you would like you can if it's like
way way too big you can cut more off at
a time anyway let's get going
cuz we got a lot more not really oh yeah
next we have to take a piece about six
inches long and you know what if it's
not six inches long just make like a
piece I I don't have a cutting board and
I have a little oh but I don't use it
for this so I'm not one of those people
who's like it has to be six inches long
I don't do that um and I said this um
well I made a video and then it paused
on me um don't take your thing and fold
it up like this take it and go the
opposite side just to make it a little
easier so sticky side is um so sticky
side is facing one side and then you
want to go to this pota duct tape and
fold that side up right there and then
put your duct tape you can kind of tell
how big you want it and then put it like
that and then you want to take these
sides and fold them over and stick them
to the tape which is really easy it's
gonna be honest now make sure that we
think that's good and it's okay if it's
big because um right now once we're
gonna pinch it down it needs to be big
otherwise it won't turn out anyway
continuing on that don't want to work um
next you gonna take a piece um about I
don't even know it doesn't really matter
you can just kind of tell when you want
a piece can deduct it doesn't want to
work with me but you want to make a
piece of it like this um so what you
want to do is like peel off the tape and
cut it and let's hope it works this time
it did I lose yeah and then you're gonna
take it so about that side make sure it
has sticky side in that oh you're gonna
take it and pinch it down wherever you
want the bone to be so just take your
two fingers right here you can put this
aside if you would like I could just use
this one and then you're gonna take to
face those on each side and pinch it
down and you know what if it turns out
like this like lopsided just straighten
it out and do it again um so then once
you make it how you like it you can do
it three times you can do it 20 times
you can do it once you can do it done
well you have to do it once if you like
this and then you're just gonna take the
duct tape and wrap it around in the bail
and you know I'm not an anything duct
tape I'm just like yeah what I was I
just like to do it for fun but yeah and
then there you have it it's a duct tape
bow and if you want like on this one I
put some ribbon in here instead of duct
tape this one I put like um pipe cleaner
instead of duct tape um so I will be
doing more tutorials well only if you
want me to so please comment on my video
it's like I don't know if you want me to
do tutorials on my bows on my magic
wallets which I really cool I'll kind of
show it to you right now um so it's like
there and then you switch it and it
opens up to light there so yeah it just
kind of switches sides it's a really
cool wallet I love them um I am probably
not gonna do a tutorial on this wallet
because it took me about a week to make
um and I
we feel like making another and I don't
even think I have this much duct tape
black and of course you need a zipper
you need um snaps you need one of these
things I don't even know what these are
called
so yeah you probably won't want to do
that anything else should show you I
will probably be doing doing a tutorial
on my iPad case is they will pay then
shut and that motor charger for it yeah
I will do a tutorial on push as later
and yeah well thanks for watching my
video and go watch all my other videos
and I did just do a video on all of my
duct tape stuff so go check that out and
I'll see you next time bye
