are you guys ready though you've been
good I'm just so so glad to hear that
anyway so I am getting this a day
started off I did a little JoJo's juice
I actually pour juice over this shirt
and I left it on for the day because
like why not and then I made my bed
because it looks so beautiful because
Nickelodeon came over did a room
makeover using all my bedding and
in-home products from Target calm
because that is all that I have been up
to today but now what's happening right
now is Shaun Johnson and Andrew East
they are coming over we were gonna film
some YouTube videos and one of them's an
Olympic gymnast one of them is an NFL
pro football player so it's gonna be a
pretty epic day I am pretty excited so
let's get this day
with this prank but now shot an and
you're almost here and you already know
I gotta give that Doolin here we go oh
yeah shine Angie over here they're here
they're partying we're gonna make some
epic videos and today's gonna be a great
one I can already tell three of them hi
Jordan and you did just leave it was
very sad that they were leaving though
because it was really from a good news I
actually got to hang out with them
probably again tomorrow night and then
again on Saturday and I have you guys
like they're pretty awesome and they're
pretty epic and we're like best friends
so like yeah we're gonna say the good
news is you're hanging out with me now
yeah well
ah good news is that I'm making some Top
Ramen let's go that is what I call a
classic home-cooked meal but for real
they just left and if you were wondering
Jojo why is your hair wet it's because
every collab video that I do somehow
ends up with us jumping in the pool and
that's what happened with these videos
and to be honest I have no human these
videos are coming out but they will be
coming out very soon so stay tuned for
that but I'm gonna make Nissan Top Ramen
few moments later well you already know
that I ain't my mama noodles sat here
and watch Dance Moms wins and my mama
used to me audience moms um but you guys
that's a legit all I've done today so I
woke up I break out my silly string I
played with Shaun and Andrea we film
some YouTube videos i sat here watching
Dance Moms and now I don't know what to
do it's so difficult because I can't
blog in my room until really about like
Friday ish maybe tomorrow I don't know
probably Friday though because you can't
see what my room looks like and so it's
so difficult to not fill up there it's
like a struggle but I'm it's okay
because it's all gonna change on Friday
or Thursday I still haven't decided the
exact day I play Friday because this is
going up on Thursday obviously don't
come closer to me all right I'm really
girly Jojo cute I'm so far away don't
know I hate you sticky one I'm done it's
fine it's fine I'm done I don't mind you
drive
that word you guys so much
I'm a little concerned on why there's
been silly sure you on the outside of my
door like what how did I get there okay
I will see you guys tomorrow I wanna
shoot because it's a forget it let's go
hi subscribe busy or not I love you guys
so much
