I will good mind every single senator
who is out there this entire world I
have to be honest right now um this
usually isn't how it works but um I have
to say something hold on let me turn
down my TV I'm watching Dance Moms
currently but um I am sitting here I
just got this brand-new camera that I
love so much but um the footage peeling
it off of like the SD card is way
different than my old camera and I'm
still working on how to try to like
figure it out but it is actually it's 11
o'clock here and I got to get up pretty
early tomorrow and so I need to go to
bed and I need to get some rest and the
footage that I got from - like yesterday
what it's supposed to be like this vlog
that you're watching right now is
actually really fun footage I went to
Target and I bought little kids t-shirts
my t-shirts and it's like fun footage
and it was just really good and like I'm
really sad that I can't get it really
quickly hopefully that video will be up
for you tomorrow
if not I'll probably behind the scenes
footage of it up for you tomorrow um but
for real you guys um I'm so sorry that
this is all messed up right now I
honestly I am not the type that is like
like this and I don't like to mess up
and I don't like this at all
but I'm going to go work on it right now
for a little bit but I know that I have
to get a video if you guys have everyday
because you guys are Steven ATIS we are
awesome we are confident and that is
what we do we work hard and we get
something done every single day and this
is what I get done every single day and
so yeah but um I just needed to tell you
that I needed to clear it up why I
didn't why there's not a real vlog today
why there's an emergency going on right
now which is just this um but probably
you guys I'm actually like kind of
annoyed with myself because I really
want to figure this out and it's like
it's weird I open it up and then the
videos are there I can see the videos I
just can't take them off of the SD card
and so I have to figure out how to do
that right now and it's just a hot mess
but it's okay because I'm going to
figure it out and the normal vlogs will
be back tomorrow so I love you guys so
much and you're not gonna subscribe
after watching this video but I love you
guys so much I will see you tomorrow
peace out
