how are you guys doing there you guys
doing good
I am just stuff got near night and I am
doing great today because guess where I
gotta go I gotta go home today so I'm so
excited I get a fly like a drone drone
it does it breaks no but I do get a
flight like a drone back to California
get to see my doggie and I'm just so
excited no it's actually been like a
week in a day that I haven't seen her
and I miss her so much like she's just
so so so cute so I'm really excited to
see her tonight but I'm also sad because
I'm leaving New York but I'm awesome
really excited slash weirded out slash
kind of sad again because this is my
last day blogging on this camera right
here that I'm using right here this one
because I ordered a new camera online so
the new camera that I ordered is back at
the house and I'm waiting to use that
one but I've been in New York but I'm
really excited to use that one but I
have this camera here so you know but
this camera
I've actually we've used a canon g7x
mark 2 since the beginning of these
vlogs like literally stay 135 ish we
even used this camera and so I think
it's kind of weird let it come saying
goodbye to this camera almost but you
gonna say goodbye to the camera hello my
dog so it is okay it is not a
life-or-death decision who knows I might
heat the new camera it might go back to
this camera I don't know if there's no
reason why I'm switching it's just kind
of like a new refreshment and I'm just
kind of not over this camera at all but
I just kind of want a new camera if you
know what I'm saying and so that's what
I did I ordered a new camera room to
myself right now so I thought why not
give you guys a hotel room tour maybe
like Jojo wait wait why are you by
yourself that would be because my mom is
downstairs checking us out of our hotel
so that's where she is and so I was like
no you can just go and I'll just like
kind of stay up here at all start the
vlog and I'll do some social media
things well you do that anyway yes and
you got my beautiful golden shades fine
anyways let's kick off this room tour
so there's the door there's the closet
there's a suitcase there's bathroom
there's the living room there's a
kitchen there's an ironing board there's
a TV there's the shower and a toilet and
a bathroom and me and my mom's bedroom
and then we walk over here excuse me
diddly-doo and then you got my bedroom
and my couch and my TV and my bathroom
and my closet and my
bathroom again I don't really I said
bathroom extra times when you got the
idea that is my move what's your room
tour and then do let's go for it Alfre
to the damage do I always have a job job
oh my children earring and my bold
sunglasses imma set them over there
though for a second I got my giving key
that says fearless on it I got my red
YouTube shirt I got my hoodie from lip
sync battle shorties I got some black
leggings from Aviva I got some really
cute shoes from a bot save a lot of well
there's my outfit of the day where's
your outfit of the day oh my God look at
my hair alright so I fixed my hair and
now we are good to rock and roll so
let's go rock him oh hey I told you we'd
be back in and rolling over at the
airport I'm not making eye contact with
you because I do have to watch where I'm
going because there's a lot of people
here it's busier than it looked
but we are going over to a gate we
checked in we got through security and
no-hassle didn't even have to look
through our bag to find a water bottle
that we left in there by mistake
Oh God someone's like jojo's use in the
middle of the city look at this someone
played Joe Joe's juice come on guys that
does not have it on Mondays or Sundays
whatever day is it that only happens on
Wednesday stop playing Joe Joe
do you know they were cleaning it up
really I was saying we got through no
hassle at all it was great as easy and
now we're going to a gate because we're
literally like boarding right now so
we're like oh yeah we should probably do
that and get on I'm gonna edit today I
put my blanket I I put my blanket in my
suitcase so that I cannot sleep on the
flight because I need to end a night
three videos I gotta edit so go so we're
gonna go over to our gate sit there for
a minute get on a flight do what we need
to do and then I'll see you wanna fight
alright so actually our plane is a
really new plane like look at this these
seats are so amazing so I'm gonna give
you a quick little scenic tour so we got
this fancy little light a really cool
chairs little kit that has some things
in it a pillow a blanket a tray table
some headphones some gold a water
electrical outlet thingies a TV remote
Thank You Minjae you to make your chair
dude thingy majiggy a TV screen and a
button that pushes out your TV screen
some nice little foot area
a super cool backpack little Thema
jiggy's I have information thingy
majiggy
another thing majiggy that has
information thingamajig ease and a push
button that I don't know what it does
nothing really this seat is actually
pretty epic I'm not gonna lie I really
like it I'm gonna have a pretty fun
flight now we're getting our bags yeah
one of them and then we're going to get
an artwork and then we're going to go
home and then I'm gonna get to see my
dog and right now George people are
staring at me but like whatever it's
totally fine but for real you guys that
was actually pretty good playing not
gonna lie but I'm so excited
like you don't even understand I am I've
never been this excited like I am so
excited
alright when we got all our bags now we
are guitar and all that means is that
were one step closer to see him Bobo
we're in the car that means you're one
step closer
well we're on the interstate that means
that we're one step closer I wear on my
straight that means that were one step
closer now we're in my neighborhood that
means it's you guys
we're at my house
I'm here my baby girl I love her so much
I'm a bit up for tonight so Lauren's in
my outro with me because like why not it
was love you guys so so so much like you
for subscribing thank you moving us even
a door if you're not even in your
subscribe be hood part of the family
join the squad whatever I'm supposed to
say anyways I love you guys so so much
and I will see you soon if he's out
