you guys milk is on my favorite drink it
helps me get my day going with a
positive energy
you guys are you doing good I'm so glad
than here that you can't tell where I'm
at right now I'm in the middle of New
York City and right over there right
behind me is Nickelodeon's worldwide day
of play with Nokia I am so excited is
gonna be the bomb.com best day ever it's
gonna be epic
yummy fun it's gonna be lit Jimmy Jimmy
fun cuz you guys are gonna get to see a
different side of me like you always
know me as a dancer singer actor Jojo
but now you're gonna get to see me it's
like baseball player basketball player
crazy running around sprinting you're
gonna get your bathroom Oh football
thrower like you're even I'm really
good at sports no Abril it actually is
going to be a pretty epic day and I am
so excited for it so let's get this day
going
what I'm saying I'd say that I just
nailed it
