it looks like the finesse music video
like I don't know recording one of my
naughty boy I can't tell you pretty much
anything about this song what I did
convince people to let you hear me do
the ad-lib Chuck are you ready for this
so basically that's right
hey how's it going today life is great I
am on the agenda where do we go this for
Beth all right cool thank you and now
we're at Target hey I like Target let's
go too much my mom takes me she said
they have her phone in your so and honey
I guess let's go on a mission and see
how much Georgia poetry can buy Jake you
think you can buy lot let's do it
although I'm probably gonna go on half
this mission by myself I first think
smokes do you think they got the book oh
right there baby right there
also two way to say are you ready mother
are you ready sit down you're already
with us I just found out today that I
sold away are you ready a hundred and
fifty thousand copies of my fifty
thousand of those one hundred and fifty
thousand that is a lot so many thank you
so much to you guys for that like that
is seriously that's just amazing but now
we have part of mom and dad's because we
don't know where they're at we know that
they're here at Target but we don't know
where the wrap oh you know where but
they are gonna but they're in the home
section because that's you know what
they're here for they're here right day
for the house but even though they're
down there I wanna go over here and see
if they have any Jojo clothing I would
kind of work looks like less than I
looked uh sighs they have nothing so far
this is not going as planned guys you
know
but you hired me but you didn't know
that I was going over here I need to get
some therapy are you Shane Dawson oh
that's cute
by Jonas and whose kids and dogs are
insects look at look at what I was that
mom in this shirt I mean target target I
mean there's even more behind there I
mean I'm in wow I wonder how you guys do
that I was coming over here I mean I'm
not loud or anything what is this oh
these are so cool they're literally like
slap watches wait whoa there's so many
of all this is Zoey are getting the will
display long why not I mean I need very
true are you a vlogger is getting
transformed right now let me just turn
my camera around literally transform no
we are not setting up an obstacle course
and no we are not having a party but our
house is so white and so boring now if
you I you know give up box inside here
because I got a quite a few of them and
I'll see you when it's done
oh my gosh you guys what did i do
tonight yes I did the writers and
artists that I've been there but oh my
god first of all what time is it what
time is it it is 1:30 in the morning
nice nailing it would say well I am
talking for a long time about how to get
Jim into our house we do our house so we
turn our wool back into a Jojo Jim and
I do my monologue I want a little bitty
French with cool though water and cold
towels and then on top of that I want
like a bowl that has like fresh fruit
and do you like it mom look at how nice
this Chad melody is it is time for me to
play some ps4 tonight here underneath I
was playing for tonight today I was
playing squads
and I won my very first bobo what do you
think of that she's like can we do yeah
you can go to bed in about two and a
half hours okay I love you know it's
actually I'm only gonna play like ten
thirty or more minutes and then I'm
gonna go fill my Charger's just because
hey that's my life but just look at this
yes Jane Regan plays everybody's tell me
the you know it's like okay looks like
pretty fun I'm actually gonna be calling
you tonight because I was playing and I
was like you know I am tired I am dud I
need to sleep so that is a wrap on a day
and I will
