is out there in this entire world
hi guys are you doing good I am so glad
to hear that anyways today I'm gonna go
very quickly because we literally have
to walk out the door in like one minute
but today we are actually going over to
Viacom because you have a lot of
meetings at Nickelodeon today so that's
what we are doing today that's actually
our main reason why we're here in New
York is because we have a big meeting
with Nickelodeon today that you're not
gonna know about but as always I gotta
start the day off with an outfit of the
day - of course it's always got my Jojo
bone my Jojo earrings then I got this
cute little bomber jacket from American
Apparel I got my swag Lisa Frank t-shirt
I got some cute little jeans from Target
that got some really cool shoes out
lined up and you know what else we're
gonna do today with your outfit yeah
really cute sweater from Chaucer I have
this really cute v-neck black t-shirt on
from period I get these when I go there
every time I just throw it in my car oh
you have these really cute capri pants
on from Jay Jill my other favorite store
and then I have these really cute shoes
on and I didn't know what oh there's
Steve Madden oh go figure
I thought they were Target - but there's
Steve Madden I have this really cute
necklace on for my bear daughter
actually there might be like a vote
whatever is fine but we're gonna go over
and go to Viacom because that's what we
gotta do we gotta get our work done for
the day and then we're gonna go party
later
I know she did but I'm just gonna let
her do it um anyway so I will see you in
a second
all right yo so we are here at Viacom we
actually haven't started our meeting yet
but what happened was is see all those
dolls over there there was also a whole
bunch of stuff over there but now
there's only dolls over there um but
what we did is we came here early and I
actually signed a whole bunch of
products for like giveaways and stuff
but you won't know about that for a
while but um yeah you do I can't speak
but what's happening is we are going
into a meeting in about six minutes and
we're going in in six minutes and it's a
big meeting we have like these quarterly
meetings and it's like our biggest
meeting that we have with them yearly so
I'm pretty excited mom are you excited
hardly contain myself
look it they made Jojo cookies I thank
you yeah so we're gonna go into a
meeting but I'm not gonna show you
anything in the meeting because it's
actually like all secretive stuff in the
meeting so how sucks for you oh I'm just
kidding you're pretty awesome
anyways I was scared a second okay we
just got done with our meeting and it
was epic it was so good we found so much
stuff out it was epic
look at take me far as Ben green bye
what did I do okay but I got changed
because I wasn't comfortable anyways we
are about to pop in this exact taxi cab
that's coming up right there we are
gonna go get some food we're gonna go to
the ashes oh and I got my key on now I'm
just up for like but we're gonna go get
some food I'm starving she is driving so
let's go do it now shows again I am so
excited this place is so so good but I
don't know she's like checking us and
I'm there but we don't have a
reservation but we want to eat dinner or
did he downs it and I'm very more reason
let's go because I'm starving I think
I'm gonna get a steak tonight and some
creamed corn some bread some French
onion soup a stop in litter they have
like the best few years someone worked
your magic in our unit downstairs let's
go room how do you feel about that
I'm just a magician she's just a
magician I'm so proud of you all
let's go get some good food let's thank
you oh yeah well I get downstairs you
know what that means that means already
going to get along great you don't even
understand the manager of this
restaurant actually wanted to send a
butter cake to our tables well we'll get
this I know right so I am about to eat
that up and gobble it up and oh no ma ma
ma ma I started reading a little bit of
my book and - really you guys can't even
tell you this book is so amazing it just
reminds me of how hard I worked on it
like I'm still reading like this copy of
it but I've read it like 15 bazillion
times otherwise but I just love reading
it so much and I know you guys are all
so so if you want the link is in the
description to pre-order I think you
should put order it because it's a
pretty amazing book and I love it so
much and it would mean so so so much to
me also you guys on my main channel
today i uploaded a 13 secrets that are
in my books so go watch that video over
on my main channel but for real you guys
click the link that is in the
description to pre-order this book
because i was so hard on it
and this book is for all of you see when
aiders out there and I know you're gonna
love it so much and if you want even
more about my book go watch that video I
can't even tell you guys I just wanna
surprise it one last time on this
channel no it's not gonna be the last
time let's be real but I'm gonna say
it's the last time the link is in the
description if you want to preorder this
book I love it so much you guys are
gonna love it too alright now I'm gonna
put a little birthday that's gonna take
me to doing something else oh yo now
it's time to have an ethical dance party
okay okay so that looks like it's gonna
be a wrap-up on today so what I want to
say is thank you for watching this video
and also join me to say one more time if
you have not pre-ordered my book yet the
link is down in the description right
now bu see you later also too because
see we never join the family subscribe
like what are you doing come on
subscribe right now subscribe piously we
need to join the family subscribe for
the guys you guys aren't amazing you are
powerful you believe in yourselves you
believe in I want you're happy for
everyone you love everyone and that's
what I love about you thank you for
hanging out with me today and I'll see
you guys tomorrow peace
