everyone is Jojo welcome back to my
youtube channel yes I am very happy I'm
very excited right now but that's about
to end so the reason being that's about
to end is because I'm about to do the
try not to cry challenge now there are
very little things that I cry over only
Grey's Anatomy people dying or dogs yes
those are the three things that I cry
over and they were all three very sad so
what I'm doing today is to try not to
cry animal challenge I'm very scared
because it's gonna be very sad but this
video that I'm about to watch is only a
minute long so it's kind of a challenge
for them like are they gonna get me to
be able to cry like I don't know let's
do it right now and let's find out okay
here we go click the red subscribe
button below and get updates of our
videos click the red subscribe button
down below
hey you guys should do that okay what's
going on
no that's so sad I'm crying already
oh my god did not expect this I did not
it's like me cry within the first minute
like this is new in a minute like first
20 nights I did not a like this that is
dad that is true the most sad things
combined
was it a fish he's trying to get the
water to them I don't know how you're
not crying out over it if you are crying
welcome to the party we have a heart
she's laying on the grave no I don't
like it oh my god it's does that mean
it's over subscriber boy whoa oh my god
I think that means it's over she's like
when I watch this it really connects me
to imagining buh buh or Coco or Lulu all
three of my dogs doing that to me and it
just makes me so sad but like for real
dogs are a human's best friend and like
I love my dogs so much and I don't know
what I would do without them but like oh
my god that video are you guys for real
that video was so sad it was so terrible
I can't even but my mom just walked in
the door and she just brought me some
food I'm gonna go eat that right now I
love you guys so much thank you for
watching this video thank you for being
a see you later thank you for
subscribing subscribe here be a super
see you later and less be the best
family ever because we are just awesome
you guys are amazing you guys are nice
you guys are powerful you guys are
confident you believe in everyone you're
out of your everyone you love everyone
so let's all be together I love you guys
so so so much thank you for watching
this video
and because ow
