I'm good I am so glad to hear that so
many ways guess how this morning started
off what do you think I did I'm in New
York obviously I started off in a
meeting okay hello guys so I cannot tell
you where I'm at right now but I can
tell you that I am so excited
I'm having a really cool meeting but
really cool people and it's gonna be
advocate but I'm gonna tell you guys
what I'm doing basically after my book
to him because it's gonna be a while but
still it's so exciting
I'm so excited like I can't even tell
you I literally do so he said okay but I
gotta end this here because I gotta go
into the meeting you're not gonna go do
something that I can't so I'm gonna go
do that okay bye yep told you is pretty
good meeting though I have to admit
anyways so now guess what I got coffee
and guess where we're gonna go all right
yeah again I'm in New York so you can
cry yes we're going at the Times Square
we're going shopping we're gonna go walk
around then I'm gonna go get some food
at Ellen's start us diner which is like
one of my favorite places in New York
yeah and you know I like to do an outfit
of the day now so let's do the outfit of
the day thing all right I always Georgia
for my Jojo earrings of course then I
got my giving key that says fearless on
it I got my coke shirt because this is
like my favorite shirt never and I was
like one I got my red jeans on today and
I got my fancy Dancy shoes from Avante
monadic way even though my outfits fire
look at that she still has no clue what
she's wearing today she's literally been
trying on they're gorgeous butters no
put this on no but it is on with this it
was really cute not this not this with
this it was really cute I would not do
wrong come on put it on
adventurous every time we're in New York
I actually do the directions because we
walk pretty much everywhere so I always
do the directions but this time my mom
decided to do the directions and guess
what we wound up going the total wrong
way
opposite way of where we needed to so
Wow okay so we're going ever go west
rise to the epic
shots a lot a big restaurant called
Ellen started dining out this place is
really funny like thing and deliver food
and there is just it's soaked what
you're just gonna see it they have a
maple bagel and it's only been breakfast
now if you can't tell it's like a really
dark outside time and it's late at night
20 minutes late 20 minutes 20 minutes 20
minutes late 20 minutes late
20 minutes late
hi we came in a seven-year story
literally one second but now we're
leaving because we do yeah hi yes hi
salut
so bye yeah a pleasure I'm gonna have a
problem cuz this game
are you sure no we're back in times
right and we actually were pranking
people right now so there's a lot of
character like in the middle and I'm
going and got to pretend as Jojo see
what as one of those characters and Gabe
is gonna come up act like his daughters
a total fan grow and it's just gonna be
hilarious Jeff is now black beetles in
the city been immediately to confiscate
the money
they're servicing with black smoke just
a nice to have extra flax
that was really good only got my
daughter loves you
I have to admit being a wax figure
tonight was pretty awesome I'm not gonna
lie oh yeah we're gonna go back after
hotel room though so see you there
Gimli diddly diddly doo I am back in my
hotel room I was trying to make a rhyme
and then it just didn't really work
anyways um oh you guys you were gonna be
so proud of me so tonight I had a very
productive night
I've actually been back in my room for
like two or three hours but guess what I
got down I edited everything that needed
to be edited this night before midnight
I got up jojo's juice and the vlog like
what that never happens like oh hey
there's my minion friend and you want to
see what else I accomplished I
accomplished the work that was a scourge
cards not even Jill but for real you
guys I just have had such a productive
night it's unbelievable and now I've out
of breath from doing the warm but you
know what it's okay because it's just
okay there's not a reason for it being
okay but it's just okay anyways like oh
my god I literally have nothing to do
like I'm so bored right now you don't
want to go edit something like I get
into this video but technically I'm not
done with this day like I have nothing
to do right now this is rare look
literally this never happens like I
always have to do something that I'm
just too lazy to do but right now I
literally have nothing to do it I'm kind
of driving myself crazy see I told you
I'm driving myself crazy but for real I
like really need to go find something
for myself to do because I am literally
going to go crazy all right I need to go
find something to occupy me hold on for
Allah 12 o clock
midnight all right I'm not gonna lie I
really I haven't found anything to do
it's been a really long time so I'm just
gonna call it a night and go to bed so
like you guys so much subscribe because
even a toroid the family and I'll see
you guys tomorrow peace
baby
good job high five
