well I am so glad to hear that so
anyways if you cannot ciao I am here in
New York City and I was very excited so
now actually I got this morning started
off but not blogging don't let me get
through explaining I didn't want this
board because I was done where I
couldn't walk but good news is I would
be able to show you that tomorrow so
that'll be exciting but let's get on to
what I did too so the first thing that I
did that I could actually show you guys
on camera and I went to the most epic
restaurants in New York City so this
place seemed like the coolest food ever
they have like the best food ever there
this young lady's food ever which is why
I'm all crazy right now but do you have
it guess what I did while I was down
there I made a sick montage of my epic
future
right and then you already know what
happened party people we went to
Walgreens this is literally my least
favorite think about life is when
there's an escalator but the escalator
doesn't work like boy but we are here I
can make up here but we are gonna get
some goodies Hannah know what we're
getting we kind of just came here we
don't really know what we're getting
we're just kind of getting things like
let's get it this is what I need okay
you can just grab it okay fuck it this
because I need to get clean
my mom I say I think we need some
diapers no okay
are you sure we don't need eyes yeah
okay mom for real are you sure we don't
eat the hug this is no I can go put
these back and then I'm throwing it back
to Jojo at the hotel but for real I love
you so much thank you for being to see
what anything we're subscribing and if
you're not subscribe subscribe button
because I post every single day for my
second channel so subscribe right now
that red subscribe button you do not
want to miss a day of my videos so
subscribe because even ater joined a
family stay awesome and stay positive
okay kids I love you guys so much and
peace out and I'll see you tomorrow okay
you thought that was the end of the
video but guess what it's not because
how could I end this night without fees
having my dog I gotta say nice to Bobo's
Bobo's lover
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey lover Kiki's
good night
I hope you sleep tight tonight Oh yum
yum yum yeah oh my god Lauren how's she
doing she's doing amazing she's
in front of that place all day please
tell me you're watching Grey's Anatomy
of course okay that's the only show my
dog likes okay good night my baby girl I
love you Bobo's almost mommy says she
loves you I love you Doron hey Jojo guys
as the Lord she's my dog sitter just
lucky Lauren all right I love you call
you later
my dog so much oh god okay that's enough
big job of really differs by dark are
you guys Monday night out for real I'll
see you guys tomorrow peace out
