love you are you doing good that is good
I am glad to hear that anyway so what is
happening today we are traveling we are
going to New York and I'm actually I'm
really excited to go to New York because
we're going there for a lot of fun
things but I'm really sad know what
seriously this dog I'm gonna miss her so
much I got to tell you something funny
she knows when we're leaving it's the
funniest thing so here's what happens
she has like her bag that she it would
come in right
she got all of her stuff like from
around my room and put it right by her
bag and she wanted me to pack her bag
but my friend Lauren it's got to come
stay at our house and she's gonna watch
Bobo and I'm just gonna have to like fit
time where every day because I'm just
gonna miss it was so much I don't have
to say goodbye yet I got like five more
minutes
topic for the last like three days or so
I'm doing it half another day so why not
do it off another day today check out a
new Jojo bow that's not out yet I got
some Jojo earrings I got a Coke shirt I
got some of evil leggings and I got some
fancy black tennis shoes pretty epic
five suitcases 20 minutes later right
Bobo's I love you I love you love you
hey for real bigger girl I love you a
large treats player like a glutton house
okay okay she wants something overdue I
love you okay you guys in the car Oh
would you look at that we are in the car
you can be jealous of me in the car and
I do have my seatbelt on it's just under
my arm so you know you're welcome for
that anyways we are actually at the
airport right now so we're gonna go in
we're gonna get checked in we're gonna
get through security and we're gonna get
to the terminal and then I will see you
because I don't feel like vlogging while
checking in and going through security
because that just takes a lot of effort
it's boring and technically and security
you're not supposed to vlog so I'll see
you once we're in the terminal in three
two Wow look at that that was just magic
anyway so we are in the upper right now
I'm with my mom a real nurse two kids
we're going to our game you got some
snacks we ate some food
life's been great we're gonna get on a
flight and we're gonna have fun it's
like an eight-hour flight that I think
I'm gonna end it I have to edit because
we're gonna get to New York I'm gonna
have to go right to bed because it's
gonna be like midnight so I'm not gonna
want to edit tonight so I'm gonna edit
on a plane I don't know what else I'm
gonna go on a plane I really don't know
I mean I have an old video that I filmed
um I got a never edited so I might edit
that but I might just like sit there and
do nothing
I might watch Grey's Anatomy or I might
play on my Nintendo switch I'm really
undecided on what I'm doing but I'll
favorite not once I get on the plane and
I'll let you know what I'm doing we're
boarding in about five minutes so we're
just gonna chill and I'm just gonna
stand here with a big group of people
behind me talking to myself and a camera
because like that enough laundry to do
it'll be less awkward no once I have my
big camera over that I just started then
I'll get that one of backcombing almonds
if I can't wait I'm being so super clean
get this we were on the play-doh seven
let's go anyways though we are sitting
here and our chair is a massage chair Oh
literally I'm getting a back massage
right now from this chair as I'm sitting
on your this is pretty epic not gonna
lie we're taking on we're taking off
right now it's happening you can see we
get the got my window no no no trick
should put it kids because I've got my
window but we are taking off look at
that Delta add it's not an admin don't
know it no pre videos but but sign right
there
six and a half hour flight don't you got
nothing done Davis we're landing and we
landed okay so he did land we are at the
airport right now we are here we're at
JFK we're gonna go get our bag of our
flight was actually kind of bumpy I'm
not gonna lie
yeah it was really hot and usually I
would wear like a hoodie was like
something under like a t-shirt under and
today I was just the hoodie not worth it
don't do that I can't it's just on your
flight where multiple layers of clothes
that you can take off and be okay in
because I made that mistake but I had a
hoodie on and wished I could take it off
I like was falling asleep right and it
had my blanket on and then I took my
blanket off because it was so hot like I
was like laying there who's just who's
just so much it was just so hot I'm not
gonna lie oh my but it was a little
bumpy I was a little rocky
Jignesh I we were going over like rain
storms or something I don't know also -
once we get back to our hotel I'm gonna
give you guys a very important message
so stick around for about three more
seconds because in the next 30 seconds
I'm gonna see you at the hotel I have an
appointment for you though I just wanted
to say everyone who is in Florida or has
family in Florida or who has a friend in
Florida or who has ever been to Florida
or who has anything in Florida just be
safe
I mean it's so sad to see everything
that's going on be safe you guys I love
you all so much if you are from Florida
stay strong stay safe be with your
family beauty friends be with everyone
come together as community it's a
perfect timing for America to come all
together and be perfect and be happy and
love each other love everybody all need
to do in this world
we just want me to be happy it won't be
such a good place if we were just all
there so happy let's do it let's just
all be happy people let's go any popcorn
in our hands let's just be happy people
okay so that's my life message for you
guys if you are out there or if you're
in Texas right now also I mean just stay
safe you guys be with everyone come
together as
be happy be friendly be as good of a
person as you can and life will be great
I know it seems like it won't be Gregg
right now but I do promise you and we'll
get great because that's just how things
work out it's it's sometimes light goes
like this but then it goes like this and
it ends up being amazing so just keep
believing and keep being you and keep
being strong and just I know I could say
this and it's not gonna make any sense
to you guys but have fun it's very hard
to have fun but make it be your best day
ever and even if it seems I get your
worst day ever
so that'll message for you guys in
Florida that is coming from a 14 year
old kid I love you guys so so so much
thank you for joining me on this
adventurous day that we'll see you
tomorrow our subscribers you know if you
subscribe you might if you don't want to
subscribe and Java subscribe but I think
you should subscribe you need to join
the family
subscribe subscribe button it's the
color of my shirt right now it's like
this color it's right around there down
somewhere and it's red and it says
subscribe on it you could smash it get
us to a million subscribers if you
wanted to if you don't want you though
still do it ok I love you guys so much
please stay safe everyone Florida please
stay safe if you are in Texas
please stay safe if you are anywhere if
you are on the whole other side of the
country and you have no clue what's
going on over here but please be safe
please have fun and please love I want
to please believe in yourselves and
please have fun again because that's all
about it I know you guys know much
they'll see you tomorrow wow thanks I'm
actually I'm nice dad right now thin
that she looked really happy but I could
tell you she's actually very sad I mean
she's more sad than I am kind of how do
you search me just saying I'm doing the
vlog right now ok
