this got me epic there's a ton of kids
really fun but I'm literally sweating so
much
it's it was so hot it was hot in there
and we were running and we were trying
to win it was a lot but now we're gonna
get food and then we're going to an
escape route it's gonna be the best day
ever it's gonna be oh this is dinner and
then later tonight at midnight back oh
boy here we go kids we just parked the
car I didn't park the car but they park
the car I'm good what we're going to the
escape room right now I'm kind of I was
kind of not because I've been to the
scary ones at this place and they're
scary but they're really fun I've also
been to an AA series get blood
that's scarier than the escape escape
Hotel and it is about to be epic it is
about to be great and I'm gonna tell you
I found to be great because I just got
the word oh look this lighting so I just
got the word that I can actually film
inside the escape room the whole time so
this is going to be the best experience
ever I'm literally so excited like I get
a spill inside the escape room so thank
you so much to escape hotel in Hollywood
you guys should definitely check it out
it is literally like my favorite escape
room ever there's so fun they have like
eight different ones it's crazy
they're scary they're awesome they're
epic is just so exciting there's live
actors and like it's just it's crazy and
the environment here it's just so cool
and the people are so nice even though
they're ghosts but for really you guys
it is so close it makes you check them
out and stay put out Hollywood escape
Hotel it is awesome and it's we're going
in the escape room very soon kind of
scared but I'm really excited like in a
Phillips live like that Bob I'm go to an
agent today it's gonna be epic I've
already done witchcraft and day care
oh no we're doing agent today and I'm
super pumped that's like one that I've
been wanting to do so so you're in the
escape room
it's like like magic
yeah you know magic I do does he want to
teach me all right fine bollocks we're
inside a little loud but terrifying is
the word okay here's what's happening
right now let me a little bit calmer say
that was so cold don't worry we just
gave him we had the best time ever here
at escape Hotel Hollywood you guys
definitely should check it out it is so
fun I can't even tell you one of my
favorite escape rooms by far but for
real I'm definitely coming back here
because I had the time of my life
anyways I will see you guys soon would
were like my time it'll be bright like
an hour and a half before your time it's
gonna be like in 3 2 1 oh ok what would
you look at where we are we were at
Target because we are always at Target
but we came here and we're gonna play
some people so we have a Jojo shirt and
we are actually going to be going around
asking people if they like this shirt
for her and then they're gonna be like
what about for her meeting me and then
we're gonna you reveal it's me
no I just want they make a market you
think it look it I better go for this
girl what did they keep on her key on it
yeah you think they like you yeah yes it
looks just like you look at that I know
right
I thought and I was like it kind of
looks like me
yeah they look you what a gambler kind
of God not really but kind of
would you think it'll get up
she was like just for my personal now
YouTube
are you professional gymnast yes I
imagine oh we just ran away from Jane
and mom yeah my new side cover doesn't
blow you're gonna do okay of course what
we gonna do I don't know I'm down
well if you're asking me that I was
generally a successful trip to target
anyway what we got nothing no yeah yeah
you know no we got it we got nothing but
it was a successful trip to target all
right see you at the lux Oh potato
monster bone in D'Arnot oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god this
is hilarious
I kind of hope someone took the card oh
my oh my god I think I exited oh my god
this is terrible
no no we moved yet where hey did you
leave it in the car get stuck hold on
boy why are we texting or calling dad
you deactivate the phone and keeps
anyone stole it maybe someone took it to
lost and found
really now Jaden wait up thank you where
is she going
I'm driving for her we're gonna get
another target oh gosh we're legit guys
sorry I'm so sorry
what shirt oh she may have said it down
when we were doing the shirt thing
you're joking right
it was downstairs I'm done I kind of
just give up right now I'll just Byron
your phone at this cost sorry
excuse me sorry we're legit getting
thrown onto target right now it's gonna
happen oh my god I'm laughing so hard
I'm dating myself I'm legit
attention all Diane chambers she found
it you got it phone just cuz I wanted to
know you did it we just go home now okay
oh that was a lot of effort we did
diamond target okay hello bloopers you
know I have to be honest this place is
scary it's scary
