yeah marnik to every single t18 who is
out there in this entire world how you
guys doing today good glad to hear
anyway so there are a few things that
are actually on the agenda today but
before I even get to that I'm gonna show
you guys my outfit so bracket alignment
Alvin is actually pretty epic today so
first of all I got my key from the
giving keys that says fearless I got my
Georgia blog on my Jojo earrings I got
my crazy galaxy food shirt from rage on
I got my bracelets from stack I got my
shorts for a little lot and I got my
shoes from Avant you have a lot oh why
not right it's a pretty epic outfit
thank myself on the agenda for today is
I'm going to get my head Walden now that
sounds a little crazy I'll come soon the
stairs and explain so I can't really
tell you what the head mold is for but I
can tell you that I'm going to get my
head molded basically I don't really
know what's gonna happen I like I
honestly I really don't because I've
never done this before
but I think it'll be pretty cool and
then after that what is happening is I
gotta go do some more voiceover stuff so
if you have the Jojo doll you know that
it goes I don't really care about what
they say hashtag besties not bullies
pledge to do that I actually went into a
studio and they recorded my voice saying
that and so then they put that on the
doll so we're gonna go do some oi stuff
like that for them today and know what
else we're doing is we're going to
Universal laughter so now there's two
ways that I'm going to Universal I mean
they're gonna go with all the balancers
because it is Jacob Allen Jerry's
birthday and they are at Universal
riding riding and having fun and they
wanted me to come but it might be weird
like the timing I might be getting there
right once they leaving so it might be
terrible but hopefully I can go do that
or we're gonna go to Universal and go to
City Walk and go to iFly and I'm gonna
fly high in the sky while flying like a
drone I'm sorry
yeah I love Tessa Brooks no but for real
so either way we probably gonna end up
at City Walk tonight which is gonna be
pretty bad all right Maria let's get
this day rolling off on us see you guys
in the car
so I get in the car and these two folks
they come and have a surprise believe or
fight see I don't understand because we
have a deal that we don't do surprises
we don't keep secrets we don't do that
but they said the surprise it just came
up and so they're gonna take me
somewhere show me a surprise deal broken
I'm a little I'm a little concerned I'm
not gonna lie I'm on my phone because my
camera battery died but that's okay
my parents we just stopped that's lying
autumn I see in a hot car but they said
it'll only be like two minutes so
they're gonna run and they're gonna get
whatever they're getting I'm a little
confused I honestly am but I'm just
gonna like sit here and wait oh yeah
they're coming out presented to Joe -
see what - that's a big word platinum
sales are more than 1 million digital
downloads of the judges see what
Entertainment LLC single could you turn
your own
feeling and you ever like whatever my
hear something okay for second three
yeah
yes I'm not gonna lie today was gonna be
one of those days where I've logged a
lot but then my camera died so I'm kind
of annoyed but it's fine whatever um I
just thought I would tell you quickly
that we wrapped it up at the head
molding place and now what are we doing
oh the voice-over things we're getting
my voice overs at out out loud audio out
loud audio so it's happening I don't
know where I'm headed next but I'll see
you soon somewhere but you guys look
where we're headed now we are headed to
JCPenney you wonder why we're headed to
JCPenney cuz they got jojo pose or you
want to go find jojo pose so we're gonna
go and JCPenney Mandela effect not JC
Penney's thank you it's JC Penney submit
until effect but sure we're gonna go
find some Georgia boys let's go on a
mission ok I'm back and we are hearing
JC but oh I've literally found it
already literally found already I
couldn't even finish the vlog so he came
to JC Penney's to look for Jojo products
and I literally walk out and I find it
right here oh stop oh my god they're
like oh gosh I'm like overwhelmed they
have like a whole setup what is this
it's like it's literally a whole setup
oh my god this is crazy this is fancy
I swear my favorite parts about coming
to stores that have my products are one
getting to see them but to getting to
clean it up
but I have a funny story for you my
phone all day today yep my phone died
shut your hand back up explaining to you
this on my camera I searched the battery
thank God
don't let me give you a rundown of what
happened we went to city wok and I went
flying it was I was I was it was
you don't want to see that all of our
phones are dead so we were like what and
our phone free night guys that is all
that I have you today thank you so much
for watching this vlog if you like to be
sure to subscribe
yes you join the family you got smash
our red subscribe button right now okay
okay all right you guys I love you so
much thank you for watching
