laughter this entire little baby world
how you guys doing today good glad to
hear anyways there's not much on the
agenda today I got ready but I have
nothing to do
my dad is flying out today from Nebraska
so my mom is actually at the airport
right now picking him up I am chilling
here at the Luxe all by myself
but it's okay because she and you should
be back very soon and we're gonna have a
family night together it's gonna be epic
if you haven't been following along let
me tell you what's going on so a few
days ago I actually bought a car not a
real car toy car where the weight limit
is 60 pounds and I driving and I weigh
120 pounds bummer guys I did buy a car
online it is so cool but these past few
days the pink g-wagen has actually been
in the shop by shop I mean my mom's job
my mom has actually been like judging
this car up and making it all sparkly
and all fancy so these past few days and
that's why you haven't seen it anyways
and now I got to feel like I have to
show you my outfit because it is just so
bomb calm today alright so see I got my
cool YouTube jacket but this shirt that
I'm way under it I've been wanting to
wear for so long look at that so you're
like oh cool has a coca-cola logo right
I know right I was like 15
gazillion different gogo loaders and
it's actually like really quite actually
love it and then I got my really cool
sparkly shoes that's my what's yours
so anyways now I'm gonna pick you up and
let's see if login so I feel like I
should start this day up in the Jojo
room because that is just like my
favorite room of this house but I feel
like I need to start this day by saying
go through my book you guys you guys you
can click the link in the description
and go pre-order this it is number one
in like new kids books on Amazon which
is like crazy so thank you guys so much
for the pre-orders this book is coming
out on October 3rd I'm literally so it
excited for this you don't even
understand like it's actually happening
like I actually have a book it's called
JoJo's guide to the street life hash tag
these are haters I love it so much look
at this like there's no it was so good I
love it
you guys you want to check that book out
you can click there's a link in the
description that says put on my book
right now also - I feel like I have to
tell you I'm going on a book tour so yes
you can see the tour dates right there
next to me I'm so excited I can't wait
to meet you guys so get your books right
over to them right now
it's gotta be a berry 28a
what is happening kids I haven't
actually not seen you for a while on my
time before you guys it's been like one
second so we're just gonna go on like
it's it looks like a anyways as you can
tell by the thumbnail the title in the
clickbait of this video i've got a new
car I bought a fire truck
so let me do some explaining so I
ordered another toy car fire truck
online I said this in the past few vlogs
but just in case you haven't seen my
past blogs I was like you know why I
didn't dedicate this whole vlog to
showing you guys my fire truck so
without further ado but home imma show
you guys my fire truck
oh yes this is my part it is a fire
truck it's actually a lot bigger than my
G Wagon it's really cool
have a squirt gun on it which is epic so
I'm gonna be squirting that all over the
house anyways though it is a two-person
and the weight limit on it is a hundred
and twenty pounds which is pretty epic
so like it works and it literally like
it can hold me and it can go fast fast
mode slow mode it has a reverse mode
which is pretty awesome but look at this
yeah pretty epic huh I know but no for
real this car is actually pretty epic I
am in love with this so let me know
which car you guys like better I think
you're gonna see the fire truck but then
I think maybe in tomorrow's vlog when
you see the pink car that is over there
once it's like fully done I think you're
gonna like that one more I don't really
know that you guys really like them all
so the car thing is gonna be a new thing
so let me know what car slash scooter
slash thing that I should order online
next but yeah that is my fire truck
right there I hope you like this anyway
have a throw it to Jojo upset oh I'm
getting another phone call who do we
think is calling me wok full of phone
calls was my best friend from Nebraska
haha it's Jana I have two best friends
I've gained a night out and it's Jana so
I'm gonna go talk to her now see you
later
but you guys know you didn't get to see
much today but you did get to see it my
very cool fire truck so you are welcome
for that I bought a fire truck anyway
tomorrow is gonna be a fun day so stay
tuned for that it's gonna be a great day
I'm gonna take you along with me
everywhere because it's gonna be epic
and you guys I love you guys so much
subscribe what are you doin join the
family PS deviator be awesome be
yourself and have fun with your life I
love you guys so much no see you
tomorrow because why because it's every
day hello yes peace out
