how you guys doing today good glad to -
anyways you guys might be like Joe Joe
where are you at right now that is like
the coolest room I've ever seen in my
entire life
and that would be one up because you've
never really seen this room and -
because it it's the coolest room you've
ever seen in your entire life so let me
get to explaining so this room is
actually a room in my house that me and
my mom created so we created in this
room so that when our family and friends
come over we can show them all of the
cool new Joe Joe products so this room
actually has almost every single chocho
product that is out there in this world
I have to be honest I don't know the
exact number of how many products are
out there but there are so many
everything you see in this room is
actually in stores which is unbelievable
like for real
it's so cool to like walk into Walmart
and see my face like it's just crazy
anyways so like I was saying we created
this room to show our family and friends
all the Joe Joe products but someone
that we've never really shown this
completed room to is you guys do anyways
in a few seconds I'm gonna show you guys
a really cool montage of this room you
guys we did nine hundred thousand
subscribers that is absolutely insane I
want to say thank you guys so much for
joining being and see you later finding
yourself and being awesome and if you're
not subscribed what are you doing
subscribe be is new in here join them
family let's go and then another people
that I want to give thanks to is that
anyone who has actually helped this be
created so I mean all the licensees that
actually create these products all the
teams at Nickelodeon who actually make
these dreams come true in mind honestly
to my family for supporting me every
single second of the way and for real
know you guys make this possible so give
yourselves a round of applause right now
okay so now we have some more than a few
seconds so without further ado here is a
montage of the world's coolest room
is someone salty today there's sugar in
the air just
don't you worry
you think
the candy queen like a candy queen this
a candy store
Jojo judo necklaces
Jojo headphones Jojo glasses a jojoba
mojo jojo robos I'm Jojo Jojo bracelet a
Jojo Sharma Jojo and a jojo sticker are
you guys you like this vlog so if you
did leave me a comment down below
awesome comment with some of your
favorites on you I couldn't even pick my
favorites I love them all so much you
guys are truly amazing and the best
hello blooper reel alright so I'm going
out like this and I'm gonna show my mom
for the first time let's see what she
thinks
I got a sticker I got a child medium
shirt I got child medium skirt I got
this bag I got that bag I got this bag
I'm assumin eight oh my mom wants to say
something I have an idea we like to see
the products in the stores but even more
of what we like to see is you taking
pictures with the products in the stores
so if you're in a store I don't care
what the store is JCPenney Target
Walmart Twitter and Claire's justice if
you see a Georgia product take a picture
and tag us and make it us say hi to the
blooper reel blooper reel I am NOT a
bluebird
