anyways I'm saying I am chilling here on
my fire truck starting today alright but
I'm actually ending this day so today's
gonna be one of those days where I'd
narrate this day for you so today I
actually started this day off by
shopping we went over to the Grove and
we threw a party down there because we
have party people not really not going
to do all we're two girls from Nebraska
so right now we're at the Grove in Los
Angeles California and we were gonna go
shop we're gonna go get some food my mom
just got down Park in the car but it's
gonna be epic so let's do it so our
first shop is Nordstrom so now this
story is either really fun because we
love the shoe department but now here's
the thing it's either really good and
really bad but at the same time it's
both because it's really good and really
bad because we're either gonna spend a
lot of money and get a lot of shoes or
we're gonna spend a lot of runners you
get a lot of shoes there you really play
it either way so I'm gonna take a look
around you know I kind of want a new
pair of running shoes so we're gonna see
if they happening fun but mom needs some
shoes cuz we're going to New York so
we're gonna see what she ends up getting
if we end up getting anything if we end
up getting nothing I don't know I'm
really kind of hoping we get something I
just don't know though I just I can't
predict the future I'm sorry few moments
later I'm not gonna lie I did not find
anything in the shoe department but they
have this really cute place right here
that has like pop-up graphic tees and
I'm actually kind of excited I feel like
I'm gonna get a lot of these stuff
oh my god I'm not gonna lie that was a
huge success what I'm so happy right now
anyways now I'm upstairs I'm gonna look
for some more clothes up here see they
got like kids clothes in there like this
one bright section up here that I don't
love I'm gonna look around see if I find
anything else and I'll let you know in
three two one
okay I'm not gonna lie I didn't find one
thing upstairs we're just kind of said
but I did get this movie in full of
things so now let's go check in on Jeb
whoa someone's over here doing some
damage I don't know what you're getting
out of those but Wow she has a pile
bigger than mine well in all reality she
is getting a lot of shoes over there and
it is through the little bit of damage
to my head which peeler I just need to
sit down I'd read that you were writing
like 20 pairs of shoes is that what this
is I knew I was being a little dramatic
it really only is like four pair of
shoes I was saying 20 but it really is
only four anyways I'm gonna put a boob
thing that are we gonna be somewhere
else he would go you guys look I just
Matt USA hi this is Laura look at it she
has a Jojo co-ed I know right you're
pretty awesome you're so cute okay she's
so cute though I love you she was so
cute it was so much fun
I didn't tie this in the vlog when I was
vlogging over at the club but I actually
got paparazzi while I was over there so
there was definitely a paparazzi that
was chasing me with the camera it was a
fun experience anyways what happened so
I got home and at my front door there
was a package so dad there was like
seven packages so now if you don't know
this I have been in the process of
writing a book and I've been in this
process for about the past year or so so
if you aren't even ready for this my
book is coming out on October 2nd that's
like literally less than a month away so
I am so excited for this but so I have
read a lot of digital copies of my book
and I have also read a lot of like paper
copies because I've had to like approve
it I wrote it and so I wanted to like
make sure it was all right and all my
wording and all everything that I would
do because it is my book and I wanted to
be exactly how it should be but never
gotten to see a real copy with the full
thing with like final final absolutely
no more changes on the hardcover and
it's like the final book that's going in
storage so my people who did my book are
so amazing Abrams they are literally
amazing I'm so happy that I got to work
with them they sent me a lot of copies
of the books and today I actually got to
see it for the very first time and I
filmed it on Karen you're gonna die this
footage is actually really funny I'm so
excited to get to share this with you so
here it is amazing in my book for the
very first time 100 this is literally my
first time going to book I'm so excited
they see they look like Final with the
cover like I just see the finished
product I know what the book is about
you get the wrote the function but like
and I've read it a gazillion times but
oh my god you don't just do this but I
do a lot oh my god oh my god you guys
ever seeing it holding it feeling it
touching it kissing it like this is
crazy oh look it I don't know if you're
supposed to see what's on the back of
this but look at his little baby girl
right here if I don't ever do is near
you you should definitely come it's
going to be awesome this is my book I
wrote this I embrace it I did everything
oh my god for real you guys know I do
have a book this is absolutely crazy I
just want to say thank you to all of you
see when aiders out there because if it
wasn't for you guys I wouldn't get to be
doing stuff like this right now my dog
is looking at me like I'm crazy she has
no clue what's going on
but unfamiliar guys if it wasn't for you
guys I wouldn't be able to have a book I
wouldn't be able to have a YouTube
channel I want to be able to view it
Nickelodeon I wouldn't be able to do
pretty much anything that I'm doing and
it's just it's so cool and it's such a
life honor it really is but like this
book have literally been working on for
so long we've gone through so many
different processes with this and it's
just so amazing that I'm actually like
holding it right now like it's so crazy
it's so cute it's so colorful I love it
so much but like for really you guys
this is absolutely insane I just want to
say thank you to you guys for letting me
do what I love to do every single day
and I love you guys so so so much all
right back to you Jojo I just I'm still
thinking about this and honestly I can't
even believe it like I have a book
coming out I've been working on this
project for so long this is one of the
longest projects that I've ever worked
on like it's so crazy to think that it's
finally here and it's finally happening
but comes out on October 2nd but you can
pre-order it right now all you got to do
is click the link that is in the
description it'll take you to where you
can pre-order it oh my goodness I'm
literally so excited for this book you
literally don't even understand that see
you tomorrow
