next group ready to rock'n'roll watch No
guys there's a fetus am i doing look at
this what's your name
Michaela you got a Jojo vote into
Georgia shirt I almost wear that one
thank you I like that you're awesome
wait how did you find out the Riverland
he was a hot topic to look for your
merch the other day and they said they
didn't have it but someone said that
they know they knew your street one hot
topic tell me oh no just gonna get a
deal I gotta go I'm having auditions for
my dancers today we just got here agree
mistake is I got like a look at my
outfit what is the people rehearsing the
ladies leave right here outside
I don't it must be pretty crowded in
here if they're rehearsing outside so
how this is working basically the girls
are first and then the boys are second I
don't know I'm very excited it's gonna
be great
I got there's so many people hey Ron
what's up
how many people do you think showed up
pretty girls I think like 300 really
we're gonna say you guys have us our
auditions yeah right well you've thought
about everything
we didn't miss anything
are you of lager is that your vloggy yo
what's up guys it's starting money to
check don't tell Joe I hope everybody
though is my friend Kyle are you
actually Logs with the tripod stick like
as big as that sanic is you wanna greet
found a lot of people so far and we've
done one two three four five six seven
groups is over moving about seven dreams
oh my gosh next group ready to rock and
roll I got I like your outfit yeah
Barbie I like it look at all them coming
in with their head shots I'm so - you're
I've misunderstood
nice been really fun
Sadler because no one's coming with the
Jojo vowel anything for me like hi guys
why we're kind of talking about you
behind your back no just go get em get
it
hi guys Ford Edge has to be all
professional hi guy did you name
guys oh my god you guys okay so he just
started teaching the boys the
choreography right now I stepped out for
them because it is hot this is literally
working so hard but I was just so good
like it's crazy how good the dance
community is something that's even walk
away is like how hard it is to be a
dancer there's I would say probably 200
guys in there right now now we had about
300 girls and we're looking for 10
people like Dutchess it's crazy
it almost like gains respect for dancers
after going to one of these auditions
it's gotten super great I mean guy is
amazing we have Jasmine assisting him we
got Colleen here Ellen you're my mom
hear me here I mean it's just been a
great day dancers jzi Ronnie you know
this by now can i audition I'm actually
gonna do like if someone were to come to
on my audition like what I would be like
okay don't wait till they play the music
okay and five six seven eight
I don't wanna know
Oh
good job guys
kill that good job Jasmine kill many
amazing people I'm excited to see who we
get power one hour later this is what I
come home to every single day no matter
how long I've been gone for she just
always needs attention all the to me my
brother just got into a waterfall I'm so
T so he's gonna go change
oh my gosh I'm soaked my camera sucks my
phone is so oh my gosh okay so we just
got home we gotta massage doesn't fun
imma to take you to the massage because
I don't really know what I would have
logged out on resolve it goes under the
wall we're both looking at everything
all day with this line literally every
single day please boxes that happen
insane
yes this is all for the obstacle course
in my brother's like here Jojo ro
supports for you and I was like Jim you
know I don't like surprises
I always like always
oh my god it is pain where did you get
this what also to ah clean come take
your blow torch back jammie
jammie-jammie to cut her through a
shredder oh my god
just kidding it's a prank it's a rental
it's yours yours
are you sure positive are you really
sure Jojo are not lying it's yours yeah
they go finish building your treadmill
so I gotta go okay thank you for a
second what I'm not gonna be able to
play for a night anymore why Jojo cuz
I'm gonna play the electric guitar just
you can die and play at the same time
sure I guess I can I could play it and
then when I died
you guys my room is hi Bobo
okay what I'm saying is my room is such
a hot mess right now like it's actually
like stressing me out like it is such a
hot match so tomorrow that is going to
be my project because it is literally a
hot mess right now like I am actually
just uh I've moisture it's not about my
room being better than I am about the
kids joy as I was like oh my gosh that's
my life all right I'm gonna be having it
off for the night because it is like
midnight I should go clean my room right
now but like I just said it's midnight
so I actually do need to go to bed
however that is a wrap on today I love
y'all so much
