now my face at Toys R Us let's go guys
doing today good and glassy here okay so
I'm not gonna lie this day actually I
started off with a kind of sad story we
had to say goodbye to the boys because
they are flying back home to Nebraska
check it out but now they're flying like
a drone all the way back to Nebraska but
you know what happened after that I got
to go to Toys R Us and pick out a brand
new I want something in so we are here
at Toys R Us I would buy a car because
why not they have a lot of ones that I
like so we're gonna go check them out oh
yeah well guess what it look like I'm
going with the firetruck we're going to
pay I'm legit I'm so happy right now
they got Joe Jewish oh wow they got a
lot of bows too
hey let's go
knowing no one got it but look at my
face at Toys R Us let's go just a
typical day at Toys R Us and he's find
your face literally in like 14 different
spots look at that oh my god she's cute
isn't she yeah you like her we do he
didn't get the joke it's fine though
it's fine huh
you thought I was a poster didn't you
but here's what we bought at Toys R Us
we bought a fire truck
we bought some Jojo much I bought like a
pillow because they were cute and
sparkly and I'm on a spongebob school
let's go yes I did really just buy a toy
fire truck yes I really did just have it
I would go back to you Jojo over at the
house Ari knows we are back here now at
the lux I think that is the official
name for this house so we are here at
the lux again but that's not what
happened after I got a car would you
look at that we are over here getting
some food I honestly I don't know what
I'm gonna get Imre good so like Daddy I
might get some pizza but I definitely
know that I'm hitting a bazooka which is
a cookie with a whole bunch of ice come
on top and it is literally so good two
hours later okay wow that food is really
good I'm gonna food coma anyways back to
you at home Jojo yeah okay snafued was
delicious the pizookie was amazing I
think I showed you what we got but it
was so good we came back here and I
started to put my car together
finish I put the fire card together and
let me tell you this car is epic
it goes so fast I'm gonna give you a
shot of just it going no time left
no slow-mo just literally it straight up
going
I'm still in it this car is actually
pretty epic um
but I need to tell you something you are
not gonna see my pink car to that cause
she is at the shop right now she is
getting all judged up and writes down
and so you're gonna see that tomorrow so
stay tuned Zack here is a cool time
pretty quickly today with a super fun
day just to recap it really quickly we
went to Toys R Us and I found poses of
myself I bought a new car I went to go
get some food I did a lot of fun
juggling when I said bye to the boys
that was said make sure you subscribe
because we both everyday what are you
doing you guys join the family do you
see winner anyways I love you guys so
much and I will see you tomorrow yes I
told you that the car was in the shop
and actually the shop is like my mom's
shop she's literally ride starting it
and it is so cool I would show you mom
but I can't because you're close to the
guy it's literally so well you're gonna
die I know for a fact that I had this
exact compact when I was like 4 and now
these kids are getting these literally I
had this when I was so little and now
they have this here just it's so cute
reminds me of my childhood
