I I'm really busy don't understand guys
doing today good glad your anyways I'm
gonna see you in a second I just wanted
into it really quick ask you how your
morning was going we got a little bit of
full house today and one's over there
eating I'm over here vlogging and
playing on my car okay I'll explain to
you what's going on in a little bit
gonna be quite fun day I gotta be honest
and I'm certain this day off right
riding my sick wheels jam not just the
music also too I think I'm gonna order
some more cars online because like I
love this thing anyways I will see you
guys in a little bit so I'm gonna import
a pool thing like usual and then it'll
take me to doing something now I
actually just ran up to my room because
I thought I didn't really give you a
good explanation on what was happening
today I'm gonna go to city wok tonight
so I'm probably gonna fly which is
really fun it's like one of my favorite
things is you're in California but we
have some people here and I decided to
scare them so I have my air horn and I'm
gonna take my camera I'll show you guys
how happens let's do it I don't know
what you wants to show me I'm sure he
found something it my prank Joran you
want to do something I said we got a few
things we got a blow horn that we're
gonna sing
I don't know why you would think that I
were in the car I'm here with myself my
brother my dad's up front of my mom's up
front and we are going to City Walk
I don't really know we're gonna do we
probably gonna go get some food we're
definitely gonna fly tonight which I'm
socks I never I haven't flown since
before we went to the UK and I used to
come like literally twice a week and I
haven't been here in like two months so
I'm like literally excited so it's gonna
be really fun I'm very excited but um
other than that that's pretty much
what's going on so let's go to sandy Wow
well you've never been a city walk if
you park here it's called Frankenstein
Valley and inside people and I'm gonna
be create their faces see what I'm
saying I'm telling you their crazy faces
anyways it gave them Brad out here now
Tom and jetsam Jayden are all here we're
going upstate walk we're going to fly
we're going to get food we're going to
walk around yeah yeah it is like two
hundred gazillion degrees outside it's
literally so hot i'ma die of heatstroke
today literally
Jaden I'm sorry my head your truth right
into my head of how was that how was our
dancing skills are dancing skills our
object be jealous of them
oh yeah we're not and I am legit so
excited are you excited are you guys
excited
alright I'm so enthusiastic Noah burrial
I'm legit excited I haven't done this
since before the UK which was about two
months ago so I'm kind of scared
do it again do it again we need more
food
give me away
that's pretty we're gonna chat really
quickly I know you watch this vlog but I
just kind of wanted if we got my day
because it was a really fun day so today
we woke up I drove my car around
then it cranks some people and then what
did I do after that I went to city wok
and I flew and then I ran through the
fountains and then I got home and now
I'm right here and I'm talking to you I
mean I've been doing something on this
channel recently that you guys have
really enjoyed which is put the bloopers
at the end so I think I'm gonna keep
doing that because it's really fun to do
also do if you haven't watched
yesterday's vlog yet it's my car that I
just bought it's really cool and there
is a hilarious bloopers at the end of me
falling off and it's just it's
ridiculous you need to go watch that
video and like it's just it's so funny I
can't even tell you yeah so go watch
that video and check it out and also
subscribe to the channel what are you
guys doing oh you're not subscribed what
oh I just I don't know you I just don't
understand how you're not subscribed
look I just don't understand I just I
just don't understand I just I don't
understand I don't understand I don't
understand I I really really didn't
understand I don't understand we will
just set um so what are you doing you
not subscribed Jayden did you hear that
they're not subscribe I don't even
understand smash that subscribe I like
what you did why are you not it's God
what are you doing like come on it's a
red subscribe button because we vote
every single day and it's fine happy
blogs does subscribe and you're gonna
like it
oh really you guys you should subscribe
because it means a lot to me so if you
want to make my day complete smash I red
subscribe button also push the
notifications bell because we post every
day at different times and you don't
want to miss a day when we post so snaps
out notifications button also to give
this video a thumbs up if you hated it
because odds are I get a lot of hate on
the internet no just keep smashing this
video a thumbs up if you liked it um
also to comment down below names for my
car because I said that in yesterday's
vlog and I had to be honest I haven't
really checked the comments yet
I've been gone all day so I'm going to
go do that right now but keep commenting
names for my car because I need a name
for it anyways okay you guys love you so
much what's that called overheating know
what they call it was exhaustion what no
no no like heat stroke heat stroke is
all it's caught
no it wasn't talked about actually it
was um it was Jimmy Buffett's restaurant
d√∂nitz a walk snapchatting my friend
one two one two we just done in this
okay so I'm in the one to you and Xavier
yeah one two we just don't understand
Andi one life now all right
