good morning every single c18 who is out
there this entire world how you guys
doing today good glad to hear it
anyways today has been a crazy day I'm
not gonna lie it is 1126 at night right
now and I am pretty tired anyway so it's
everyday so I'm gonna get a video up for
you guys
everyday but the reason why I didn't
vlog all day today was because I was on
set and then I was somewhere I couldn't
vlog so it was just a bit of a mess
anyways as you did to help buy the
thumbnail in by the title of this video
I'm very excited to show you guys that I
got a new car you saw I'm going to show
you my car right now but we before I
show you my car you might be like hey
Georgia you're only 14 years old why do
you have a car you're supposed to get
under you're 16 well that reason is
being because I work very hard and in
Nebraska you can get your driver's
permit when you're 14 and a half you
can't use it until you're 15 but you can
get it on your 14 and a half so I was
like I'm almost what do you have might
as well get the car okay now where's my
car
like it I am definitely double the
weight limit on it but it's okay because
I have fun on it anyways this little I
have me tomorrow I'm gonna have a super
fun vlog for you guys we're gonna have a
chill day at home but we're gonna go in
the pool so it's gonna be really fun
tomorrow hey Olivia so much make sure
you subscribe join me feeling good I
gotta get out of this car like I was
saying make sure you subscribe to on the
family get see you later guys I think
this is gonna be our Steven anything cuz
like this many favorite emoji and I just
really like it so if you ever see we're
gonna go like this right now alright I
expect everyone to be watching this
video to be going like this because if
you guys see whenever you go strong
you're powerful you're confident you
believe you nice everyone you welcome
everyone you love everyone you're happy
for everyone you believe that there's
room for everybody at the top and also
you're subscribed to smash I read
subscribe button if you haven't yet and
also turn on our notifications bell
because you don't want to miss any time
when we post because we post a lot I
mean every single day so turn that
notification bell on right now what are
you waiting for
smash is subscribe button and smash the
thumbs up button smash the comment
button and smash the notifications
button right now most importantly the
subscribe button anyways you guys I love
you so much
my pink g-wagen loves you so much I need
you to comment down below names for this
guy I don't know what I want to name her
I don't even know if it's a guy or girl
I think it's a girl like it should be a
girl because it's like I don't it can't
really be whatever anyway so comment
down below names that you want for her I
think maybe I I really don't know
honestly I really don't have any ideas
so I haven't really thought about it
anyway so yeah comment down below names
that you think would be good for this
little precious bad boy anyways Aloha
guys so much and I'll see you tomorrow
you know why I'll see you tomorrow
because it's every day oh yeah that's
what I said it's every day even on days
and I can't blog it's every day because
I just come up with something to post
for you guys because I like to post
every day right Gee Gee Gee
Gigi ha maybe Gigi uh her name should be
Gigi cuz she's a G Wagen maybe Gigi over
that might be cute it again so much
peace out boys hi Globo excuse you hi
okay this will go in the blooper reel
this is getting ended that way I'll put
you in the blooper reel
