well good morning every single Steven
any without them this entire world how
you guys doing today good glad to hear
and it was I'm being straight into it
because I cannot stand when people do
long intros today I did not blog but I
did something better for you I'm giving
you a very brand-new updated room tour
so now I did you a room tour nothing has
really changed but what I didn't do is I
didn't show you like all like the little
things and like they like y'all like the
little detail things so this time I'm
gonna get way in detail and give you a
new so let's do it alright so you're
walking this is my bed my best very cool
cuz it has these lights on it and like
about right there in the middle of the
bed there's a button that turns those
lights on but for real I'm not doing
that because I'm actually filming this
like three times and every time the only
thing that's gotten messed up is that
it's so annoying so I'm not showing you
that anyways look at what's on the TV
right now if you can't tell it's chair
to see what my world go watch it
download it on iTunes like literally we
have my light switch next to my bed and
right here we have an outlet where I
charge my phone at night then if you
look right here there is nothing because
I am a clean freak and I don't like to
have things and a little nooks and
crannies in my room so then right here
under my bed row do we have we got a
drawer that stores all the things that
you don't need to see you can figure out
what that is for yourself no no we got
this really cool light so look at it
it's like these beef things are like
inside of this light I think it's really
cool we got a TV remote which is pretty
cool it controls that thing what is in
here we got some dog food and a phone
charger then we got all my bows down
here now disclaimer it's not all of my
votes it's just my bows that I like to
wear like every single day and so those
are in there so they're easy access will
be loaded that's not English but you
know what I'm trying to say so then get
early niggling right along we got my
vanity and look at that girl in the
mirror so we got all my drawers now all
of these have makeup and hair supplies
in it so this is where I get ready in
the morning this also doubles down as my
desk so like when I'm editing this is
really edit when I do school is where
your school and all that jazz alright
now flipping background let's resume
that yours anyway so you might be like
Jojo you have a lot of things on your
desk explain what they are so I'm about
to so inside yours my decorative makeup
that is all pink silver teal purplish
colors and that's
there so then it's on display and people
can see it it looks pretty this is my
phone that's almost dead so like there's
no point in going on it this is my Apple
TV that Katie Patterson gave it to me
and I literally am obsessed with it like
this my BAE it's an Apple TV I actually
I use it really all the time but after I
use I put it back in the box just cuz
it's so beautiful like I'm obsessed with
it then over here we got my ear pods
which Casey also gave to me literally I
use them every single night I just keep
them in the case though because like I
don't want anything to happen to them so
then over here we got my industry dance
award and we got some perfumes so you
might be like Yoda you got some paper
and some pens right here what is that
that is actually a script for a show
that I'm guest starring on right now I
don't think I can tell you though so
you're just gonna have to wait and find
out anyways I'll tell you that when I
can that is also to why these blogs
these next few days are gonna be a
little different because I am on set for
a week and it's very hard to film but I
can't tell you anything so I might be
able to fill in the trailer at lunch and
stuff but it's okay we're just gonna
wait and you'll find out eventually and
then you'll be like I understand why
you're gonna vlog
anyways using the tour so over here on
my bracelet from stack I literally love
them so much they said these to me and
they're literally like the most
beautiful thing ever
then we got my glasses that I actually
like obsesses I never wear them but I
love them then we got my two outfits
that I could potentially wear tomorrow
see so I got two outfits laid out
because I am a woman and I am a girl and
I changed my mind every 14 seconds and
so I don't know which one I'm gonna wear
tomorrow so I choose two outfits because
then the ones back other ones the for
sure one you give it I'm trying to say
you will end up finding out though
whichever one I wear because it will be
in tomorrow's vlog so then I have to we
leave this beautiful vanity we got my
bathroom so now in here this is like my
teeth brush my teeth page my makeup
wipes my um Invisalign like domi
anything then here's my washcloths I
don't wash my face it then no news like
my bathroom stuff I don't know where to
put it so yeah yep that works and then
under my sink is honestly kind of where
I throw things I just like throw them in
here like Bobo's old dog bowl just throw
it in there please why just throw it in
there hoodie that I don't even know why
it's under here just throw it in there
literally anything I just throw it in
there now we got some toilet paper in a
toilet brush cleaner this is a toilet I
don't need to explain you what that is
these are my towels on a shower with
this is my shower is very beautiful this
is my baby lotion this is my soap this
is my heart that's my camera battery
that's
I'm like little washed off that like
wash my hands with anyways we're moving
on from the bathroom cuz that's boring
so now down right below me I'm gonna
show you in one second it's like I've
had this little bucket since I was a
baby so we have all of our Jojo merge
downstairs but I wanted a little bit in
my room so I put some random Jojo merge
in at this little bucket that I've had
literally since I was a baby like I took
this from my house in Nebraska it's one
of like the only furniture ish pieces
that I actually have out here in
California with me and like I love it
and so it's like really fun to me to be
like I've literally had this since I
like came out like I'm literally I'm not
lying like I've had this thing for
forever this thing is 1314 years old got
at 14 Oh No anyways moving on so that
right here we got Bobo's food and water
bowl as you can tell I need to refill it
because she's getting low and same thing
with her water then over there we got
her peanuts
as you can tell she peed on her pad
which is good for me but it's kind of
gross for you to look at so like does
just like not go down there again to my
closet may not look like it but it's
actually very specifically organized for
the way I like it so now my shoes right
now
may not look empty but they are
definitely empty because I wore a lot of
my cool shoes on lip sync battle
shorties and they're still packed and
they're still in the trunk of my car we
ended that like a week ago but like for
real they're just still my car and I
haven't like gotten to take them in yet
so I've just been like really busy every
night I've been like I'll just do
tomorrow and then tomorrow comes and my
dog's mind it's just how it works but
I'm gonna work on that and I'll show you
my shoe collection once it's like back
to like how it should be so we'll show
you that later but for now that's what
it looks like then moving on this is all
I of that clothes so this is good
clothes that I would wear to like a
red-carpet event press event or meetings
or stuff like that down here is all my
clothes that people either send to me or
clothes that I buy and I could go like
this and I would be happy wearing it if
you know what I'm saying
so I have here is all my extra clothes
this is my clothes where like if I just
don't know what pile to put it in it
kind of just goes up there so then I'm
new here or my jeans up here is a
backpack a blanket a gift that I got
from my friend and I wanted to save the
box that put it up there another blanket
what is that that is a backpack two tubs
that I've no clue what the red another
times I have no clue what they're and a
shoebox that I have no clue what's in
Paula's old outfit Mac's yards outfit a
box I have no clue what is in another
box I have no clue what is in in a
backpack so now we come down here and
here in my
and here's my pants in here's my clothes
I people send me that our pants are like
pants shorts skirts like all that stuff
goes in there and back there are just
some more shoes that just ended up back
there I actually reach there all the
time for there she's like you don't
think I would but I literally wear those
all the time so like they're just back
there and I just get them out like
everyday to wear them anyway so now
under here at last thing in my closet is
I have like my running tennis shoes
stuff down there I also have a few
running shoes in there but the ones down
there are the ones that I wear the least
often and so they're just kind of under
that I still wear them and I still do
love them but like it's just not as much
anyways I'm pretty sure that completes
my room to it so give this video a
thumbs up if you liked my room tour give
it a thumbs down if you loved my room
tour just give it a thumbs up okay it
Nix what I said about the thumb is down
just give it a thumbs up okay you today
um thank you for watching this video I
will see you tomorrow with hopefully
another vlog I don't know if it'll be a
vlog depending on how on set goes if I'm
not too busy tomorrow I will definitely
vlog through but if I am busy tomorrow
it'll be a little more difficult but
either way you will get a good video out
of me because that is my goal to every
single day put a video out I made this
challenge for myself and I want to keep
going there was a time on this channel
where I kind of just didn't do it and I
actually like got really mad at myself
because I was like no you made the
commitment you need to do it and so for
me I'm pushing through I'm doing it and
we're making it work and I'm gonna give
good content for you guys every single
day so make sure you subscribe right now
press that red subscribe button smash it
dude smash it make it blow up anyways um
thank you so much for 800 thousand
subscribers I feel like I said seven
hundred thousand like a week ago which
is crazy so thank you guys so so so much
for subscribing if you're not subscribed
yet subscribe we post every single day
also turn on that notification button so
you get a notification from us every
single day where we upload to me like
you got it oh when we post sometimes
left oh it's at 4:00 I am
other times I post up midnight it's
always different so makes you press that
subscribe by press that notification
Bell button and do everything you
possibly can and be a few inator guys
we're strong we're confident we're
powerful we don't leave it ourselves we
believe it everyone we're happy for
everyone we spread positivity we spread
love and all that jazz alright you guys
that is all the lecturing
I have for you today I love you so much
and see you
