I know it's all gonna get it's on
everybody's nerves everybody's nerves
everybody's nerves I know it's all I'm
gets on everybody's nerves this is how
it goes I know a song too gets on
everybody's nerves everybody's nerves
everybody's nervous I know a song gets
on everybody's nerves and this is how it
goes
I know it's hard gets on everybody's
nerves everybody's nervous
everybody's nurse I know it gets on
everybody's nerves and this is how it
goes I know it's time to get on
everybody's nerves
everybody's nervous everybody's nervous
I know it's like a gets on everybody's
nerves and this is how it goes
I know it's I'm gonna get something
everybody's nervous
everybody's nervous everybody knows I
know it's time to get some everybody's
nerves and this is how it goes I know
it's on the kids on everybody's nerves
everybody's nervous
everybody's nurse I know it so I gets on
everybody's nerves this is how it goes I
know it's not gonna get thought
everybody's nervous everybody's nerves
everybody's nervous
I know it's not gets on everybody's
nerves this is how it goes I know it's
time to get something everybody's
nervous everybody's nervous everybody's
nerves I know it's something to get
something everybody's nervous and this
says how it goes I know I sorry I get
something everybody's nervous
everybody's nervous everybody's nervous
I know it's like it's on everybody's
nervous and this says how it goes I know
something the kids on everybody's nerves
everybody's nervous
everybody's nervous I know it's time to
get fun everybody's nervous
and this is how it goes I know it's
something that gets on everybody's
nerves
everybody's nerves everybody's nerves I
know it only gets on everybody's nerves
this is how it goes I know it's time to
get something everybody's nervous
everybody's nervous
everybody's nervous I know it's time to
get something everybody's nerves and
this says how it goes I know it sonic
it's on everybody's nerves everybody's
nervous
everybody's nervous I know it's on gets
on everybody's nerves and this is how it
goes
I know it's anger gets on everybody's
nerves everybody's nerves
everybody's nerves I know it's hard
getting something everybody's nerves
this is how it goes I know it's time to
get Sun everybody's nerves everybody's
nerves everybody's nervous
I know it's like I get so that
everybody's knows and this says how it
goes I know it's time to get Sun
everybody's nerves
everybody's nerves everybody's nervous I
know it's hard to get something
everybody's nerves this says how where
it goes I know it's time to get
something everybody's nerves everybody's
nervous everybody's nerves I know it's
time to get everybody's nerves
this says how it goes I know it's on the
kit sunday everybody's nervous
everybody's nervous everybody's nervous
I know it's going to get something
everybody's nervous this is how it goes
I know it's on the kids honey
everybody's nerves
hey everybody's nervous everybody's
nervous I know it's going to get
something everybody's knows this says
how it goes
I know it's i'ma gets on everybody's
nerves
everybody's nerves everybody's nervous I
know it's time to get something
everybody's nerves this says how it goes
I know what song gets on everybody's
nerves everybody's nervous
everybody's nervous I know I was telling
a kid something everybody's nervous
this says how it goes I know it's anger
gets on everybody's nerves
everybody's nervous everybody's nervous
I know a song to get something
everybody's nervous this says how it
goes
I know it's time to get something
everybody's nerves everybody's nerves
everybody's nerves I know I was trying
to get something everybody's nerves this
says how
it goes I know it's time to get Sun
everybody knows everybody's nervous
everybody's nervous I know it's time to
get something everybody's nervous
this says how it goes I know it's time
to get so everybody's nervous
everybody's nervous everybody's nervous
I know it's time to get something
everybody's nerves and this says how it
goes
I know it's I could get something
everybody's nerves everybody's nerves
everybody's nerves I know is going to
get said everybody's nose and this is
how it goes I know it's time to gets on
everybody's nerves everybody's nerves
everybody's nervous
I know it's time to get something
everybody's nerves and this says how it
goes I know it's time to get some
everybody knows everybody's nerves
everybody's nerves I know it's time to
get some everybody's nerves and this
says how it goes
I know it's time to get it's on
everybody's nerves everypony's nerves
everybody's nerves I know I'm starting
to get some everybody's nervous and this
says how it goes I know it's time to get
some everybody's nerves everybody knows
everybody knows all I know it's time to
get some everybody's nerves and this
says how it goes
I know it's time to get everybody's
nerves everybody's nerves everybody's
nerves I know it's how they get
something everybody's nerves this says
how it goes
I know it's all good so everybody knows
everybody's nerves everybody's nerves I
know it's I'm gonna get some everybody's
nerves and this says how it goes
I know it's i'ma get everybody's nerves
everybody's nerves nerves I know it's
gonna get some everybody's nerves this
is how way it goes
I know assignments on I messed up all
right well whatever that's a dog that's
like detective it is robots like all
right you guys um yes I did that because
I didn't tell about you friends for the
dead
that I would know you guys done like
don't watches if you love judges ooh and
that's like a trend things I was like
everyone's a little bit anyways so yeah
that's alright maybe I'd put your
deceivers real voice singing oh that's
what I fight you guys so much Edie so
then I'll see you tomorrow and subscribe
join the family what are you doing why
are you not subscribed come on like my
family redone I'm still confused what
are you doing
subscribe past that right put put I
can't speak English but press that red
subscribe button
come on do it right now yeah I may not
keep going
keep coming are you there hello hello
hello are you did knock knock knock
knock knock on anyway hello yes
subscribe first I read smash but and he
says I subscribe though he said
