you know see usually whatever to intro
this I would say good morning to every
single see you later but you know I'm
not morning it's like five o'clock six
o'clock at night but that is because I
was on set all day I literally I found
12 seconds of footage at set and I was
like you know what there's no point of
view even using this because like
there's nothing that you guys would want
to know anyways I'm waiting because
right now Kyler Matt Tatum and Oakley
are going to be coming over in like
literally 10 minutes so I'm waiting for
them to come over we're gonna film some
videos get some vlogs with them so then
you guys can get to see us hanging out
but we're gonna do videos for my main
channel on videos for their channels so
I'm super excited for that so go check
out Tyler and Matt their link will be
down in the description right here right
now but finish watching this like then
go check them out um no but they're
seriously awesome they have like the
world's cutest little trim babies I mean
you will see what I'm talking about so
after I came back from set I was doing
like promos from a movie it's like I
looked at all and my characters had come
back freshen up I literally had about
like 10 minutes and now I'm here now I'm
doing this and now I'm waiting for them
so I'm actually a little bit ahead of
schedule which really never happens
anyways that is all that I am doing
today they are coming over we were
partying whoa okay so now I think I
should show you something you like Matt
Jojo shirt oh yeah dude I got a joke
over on today it's really cute it's like
teal and has my face and it's like
yellow and it's like pink and it's like
really cute and I'm wearing this jacket
from Topshop that I've been wanting to
wear for so long but I actually I like I
just haven't worn it I got to pray like
three years ago and I'm just not wearing
it and I'm gonna excited and I got my
bracelets from stack and I got my Ponte
mulattos and I got my Topshop pants you
have my Jojo superb oh you doing but the
high okay you like seeing yourself don't
you so little chain amino Clayton Kyler
and mater here and we're gonna film some
fun videos coming out on Saturday so
make sure you check this out
you think you can babysit grass or
please come here which one which one I
would have cried if I kept on both of
them I'd be happy come here I'll give
you this and come here no all right all
right we're leaving okay you guys oh why
are you here she said Dean a you guys
didn't go I'm gonna do you wanna do
we're getting up she's gonna watch a
movie yeah yeah thanks Joey
um which one were you in she was gonna
be in a movie is they they just played
my earrings every time oh yeah yeah
we're gonna make fun and so Kyle I'm out
I'm gonna leave it I'm gonna babysit
them and you'll see down my channel and
Saturday yeah Oh
Japanese minute bye guys
we should be leaving we're talking about
a camera okay here I'll put you two down
no keep them in their book they can just
run and like go like this I'm shiners
and do that thing well they're about to
leave it I've got babies that you'll see
that Saturday I got literally world's
cutest babies with this babysitting it's
crazy you're gonna die when you see my
video on Saturday and I have them over
there on their couch um they're hating
it
I left never because crazy but you laid
him so much fun so you're gonna check
that video out on Saturday and there's
no subscribe to these guys anyways yes
yes that's what I'm here for so today
but no but anyway I'm gonna go all right
well I'm actually heading to bed right
now I'm putting this stuff in here
because I have to get it out of my room
because my room is where I'm gonna be
sleeping look okay putting it up there
for right now look at this
I have to deal with this whole pile
closed tomorrow it's a big pile of
clothes that someone sent to me but for
real I have to deal with it tomorrow and
I am actually really excited to go
through it but for now it's just going
in there because I have to sleep on my
bed so I have to put it over there we
need to talk for a second if you are not
subscribed you are not to see what it
yeah all right you guys so there's a few
requirements to be see you later you are
a see you if you are strong confident
powerful you believe in yourself you
believe in others and if you subscribe
so what are you doing join the club PSU
in it or are you guys also too I want to
tell you something very serious um
the stuff that's going on in Texas right
now is so so so so sad like seriously to
all of you guys were in Texas my heart
goes out to you I can't even imagine
what you're going through right now like
just be confident and just believe and
just help everyone and help yourself and
help anyone that you can and just do
what you can and help out and just honey
I know it's very hard and just I don't
know just
even know what to say like it's just
it's a very hard situation but just know
that it'll get better with time and then
to all those people who aren't in Texas
right now but are looking for a way to
help just for really you guys if you are
from anywhere like just help out just
you just do as little as sharing it on
social media raising awareness L mean if
you can donate that is great but if you
can't donate excuse me but when I'm
trying to do something meaningful
but if you can't donate and you're not
in the position where you can donate
your heart and donate your love and
donate your affection and just donate
your self basically and just have like
love for everyone and just be happy and
just I don't know just like share love
and spread positivity um so I just
wanted to say that to everyone that's
over in dealing with hurricane Harvey I
know it's very hard and it's very hard
for everyone to who isn't there because
a lot of us have family there and a lot
of us have friends there and a lot of us
just it's just hard to watch other
people go through that um so just yeah I
just want to tell you guys just be happy
every day that you can um I love you so
that's how I'm gonna in the blog tonight
love you guys so much and peace out
