anyways today I have to say we are under
a heat warning in California but I'm
about to go out in a onesie because why
not
I believe me my mom we're gonna go get
some lunch and we're gonna go to Target
then we're gonna probably come back here
because I'm probably gonna be too lazy
to go anywhere else anyway so that is so
far what is on the agenda for today so
let's get this day started yes it all is
it all is a little is a hundred and one
degrees out and I am currently wearing a
onesie yep that makes sense but okay
vegans like Cougars phone call ruining
the shot all right mom I got fun fact
for you what do you know that the target
logo that looks like that is like it
target that it's at are visible but it's
a target because the store is called
target
really
no that one we're going in the exit look
at us rebels so this target unlike most
targets is two stories actually all
targets are in California but like
normal places that's how high they are
you say your car for a ride you take
your card you take your mom for a ride
and then you take a big noisy literally
I wonder anyone degrees out and I'm
wearing a onesie get over it we have
about 15 things that we need on our list
I will pack and walk out here with like
a hundred things so we're gonna we're
gonna kind of keep track of it and see
you how many things we get up to Bing
wanting to thank three thank for thing
five things sitting seventh eighth ninth
and tenth thing eleven thing twelve
thanks 13 15 things 16 well let's go
thing 18 oh let's go
Danielle night thing 20 thing 21 thank
22 thing 23 thing 24 thing twenty five
six seven eight I will be passing 40 so
now I'm done with that and now we're
just gonna keep adding things but now
here comes a target dance on Todd
no we're not lying that that is actually
our cart that we really did get that
much stuff I am home and I am actually
pretty excited because I'm having a
friend come over and we're gonna go swim
so now I know I heard the other day I
ordered a GoPro and I showed you my
GoPro but I don't think it's charged and
I haven't taken it out of the packaging
yet so I'm not gonna show you a swimming
but we're gonna have fun and I'll see
you after I'm gonna have a wet hair I'll
be back in another onesie I don't know
which one Z I don't really know what
I'll be doing so I did start up a good
thing because that always gives easy
like cut into a new clip so like see
this how I said you would see me next
how I said Joe to show you can get this
at Target I always fly you by that I
don't you're done you should go buy it
anyways I'm downstairs and my mom is
cooking up some dinner you're making
some sloppy joes for us but it is sloppy
and he is sloppy in his laps well for
any of you that you don't know my
natural hair is really wavy and really
curly and it's super frizzy after I
brush it out so it's kind of annoying
but it's like carnac cute and I kind of
like it anyways I'm going to bed because
I'm tired that's right that's my only
story like I'm just going to bed anyways
I got some good news tonight not gonna
share with you though but good news as
well you guys so much and peace out see
you tomorrow subscribe like comment
that's what I'm supposed to say okay bye
hey mom anyway I think we need this
shirt don't you I lost my mom Marga
great that didn't work
don't judge me I just bought eight eggs
a big cup mac and cheese because I keep
them every day okay stop judging fine I
found her
Oh gasps hold on well no this is not a
thing but it's the thing now baby
Oh dropped it dang it yes III do have a
enjoy that target dropped it again big
nine as you're trying to organize the
card
