anyways on the agenda for today let's
give login straightaway davon cool and
Everly are all coming over in literally
like an hour and a half so I've just
kind of been going around the house
during finals high just fluffing up the
pillows taking out the trash doing like
all those fancy things
anyways that's really all that I have
today my mom just took my dad to the
airport which is sad because he's
leaving um anyways that's really really
hit I mean it's going to be a fun day
you can buy organized oh why am i using
this thing I organized all of my like
little like things that I bought like
I'm not assured you on the vlog
yesterday and look at that so I did all
like my Frankie thingies and then they
did all like my costume things as you
can tell the coffin things are more full
but that's not what I wanted to do okay
so now I'm deciding on how I'm gonna
prank seven cool today I'm either gonna
probably do something with the football
I'm pregnant you sell there at the money
gonna I don't know we're gonna find out
his gum in epical day today so let's get
it started
yeah now I am sitting up here on my
belly we are out here I am with my
computer and I am editing yesterday's
vlog because I've been doing really good
at getting the vlogs up at a decent time
instead of midnight it is only 253 step
cool and everyone coming at 4:30
I don't know around then um anyways I'm
gonna get some editing done and to the
time-lapse
all right I just finished editing it but
now I have to take a thumbnail for it
because I realize that I didn't get in
thumbnail for it so I'm gonna transform
into yesterday's album right here baby
Wow see yesterday's outfit what did I
tell you dude it's a different boat but
you didn't see my bow on that something
you just saw the shirt if you saw it in
that channel I was doing obviously you
saw it because it was like there the
whole time it's this and this is the
remote but the remote can like fall out
and I don't want to right here um
but you may have saw this this is an
Apple TV that I got from Casey on lip
sync battle Casey Patterson she is like
literally so amazing she was so great to
get to work with she's like the
production company ahead she was so
amazing like executive like literally
like one of my favorite people ever try
to explain to you guys who she is she's
just amazing that's the only like way I
can explain it and look at this she gave
me this as a wrap gift and she gave me
this which is really cool too it's the
Apple earpods
earbud things and they were really cool
I use them all the time but this thing
just the way they rhinestone it for me
is on believable like oh this just shows
like what lip sync battle shirt is is
like they they just go so full-out and
it's just so amazing like literally I'm
so excited for you guys good to see lip
sync battle shorties we're doing a
Halloween special and a Christmas
special so you're gonna see those on
around those times and then we are also
doing a like the show comes out in early
2018 amazing I've ever got the
words like I'm so excited for you guys
you get to see that um but like
literally it was like so fun to be on
that but I just had to tell you that how
to address why this was in there cuz
it's like my favorite thing ever and
like I literally like I love it so much
like more like literally it's my baby I
just had to tell you that and also to
these things alright baby like I
literally use them all the time they're
so amazing
it is back to something I don't know
what you're gonna see you're gonna see
like AB and then it's gonna go into
something else you watch this I can do
that I've decided since I use my
computer every single day and since I
edit on my computer every single day
that this computer is getting a little
worn out so I think I'm order a computer
online not not like I absolutely need
one in mine's broken but just because
sometimes is nice to treat yourself and
I think this is one of those times where
I've been working really hard recently
and I just I need it like I just I want
it and I think that it would be a good
thing for me to get right now cuz it's
kind of one of those things that I want
need I don't absolutely need it but I
really like I could use it and I think
it would be good and I think it would
benefit me and I really want the new
computer the only issue is that it
doesn't have an SD card holder so what I
would do is yes I edit on my computer
all the time but I also just like watch
YouTube on my computer and I just play
on my computer and I online shop so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna order a new
computer and I'm gonna have my old
computer be it like my editing computer
that's like my editing we're headed and
where I works like a work computer
they're gonna have a fun computer where
all I do is like YouTube and on a shop
and do that bit just because like I want
a new computer and like I want I just
think that it's time so let me know what
you and here's what I think you guys I
think you all should go get some Joe Joe
much because well why now you can get
Joe Joe is pretty much anywhere I mean
Target just as Walmart Claire's JC like
there is literally it's literally
everywhere so go to a store find some
Joe Joe merch and yeah this shirt
specifically is from Claire's and this
Pope I think this one's from justice I'm
actually not sure um that's just like a
blue bow so you can pretty much find a
blue boy anyway but this shirt is from
Claire's so go to get it go because like
it's pretty cool like I'll I can look it
up and you get this show makes you tag
me on instagram @ it's joe to see where
your pictures of you wearing it cuz i
will follow you guys you met the Jojo
much every single day and how's that you
haven't start to our Jojo merge all the
times like get it and we can be twins
every day will be awesome you guys will
see on my vlogs get the Jojo sure I
don't tell you every single day on the
vlogs where the shirt is from so they
shared the same place from players and
even I'ma put in another
rainbow thing and then something else is
gonna happen you ready here I am in and
out with Bobo's and we're about to play
no I talk about out more good you what
is your favorite to it if you should
leave it to it we watch that you can get
our warmer cars last Jojo or no you
can't get it online cause it's sold out
in one way you could go to a Walmart
store and get it right right mom oh yes
use it you lose it
yes get it but still go to Walmart coms
last Jojo and by your Jojo merge okay
anyways um yeah I was her flush twice
she like plays with it all the time like
say you should go get one of them out
warmer let's pitch your tent Bobo in it
okay see I just have so much fun when
I'm with Bobo like literally we are in
literally best friends and we just like
play all day and she runs around and I
chase her and I give her treats and she
plays with her own toys like look at
this she literally plays with her own
little plush toy the cutest thing oh my
god my dog is so funny right now
i'ma insert another one of those babies
and I will see what happens look at that
now I'm here um so I thought I should
tell you this really quickly Savin cool
are gonna be here in about two minutes
but in my pocket I have a fart bomb and
I am going to let this fart bomb off
sometime while they're here and they're
not gonna do it I'm gonna bring them and
I'm gonna show you guys what let's do it
oh my god that is like the coolest thing
ever
for these are called fart bombs baby I
thought those of this pop like to scare
me and then start smelling it now that
April that's what one of the funniest
pranks here yeah oh oh how does that
smell
did you just go over there yeah I'm even
joking
this isn't like like fake fart smelling
thing it smells so bad
it's so terrible oh yeah there any
amazon just googled fart bombs they're
amazing Thank You Cole for letter we do
that to you I'm vlogging on your volume
everybody's dead okay okay you guys
anyways I'm sad Wacoal came over we've
done some awesome videos they're coming
out either on Wednesday or Saturday so
stay tuned for those anyways thank you
call it's not a bad thing and I don't
know what's happening next this is what
you're gonna see now LOLOL oh and it was
I had so much fun with having pool they
were amazing why I thought my mom coming
him anyways I'd so much promise alcohol
they were amazing to hang out with today
I was looking at this picture of me and
Everly right here I'll put it right
there and we literally could be sisters
like it's actually I was just thinking
about this and like that's kind of scary
like look so much like in there anyways
they were so fun to hang out with I love
getting to hang out with them they are
just so fun every is so cute they're
both so nice and they're just a joy to
get a hang out with it I'm so happy that
we're friends and they're so cool
anyways after that I just went out to
dinner with my mom nothing crazy
happened she actually hasn't said hi
today but she's a bit in bed so yeah
anyways I'm gonna go online shopping you
know I told you earlier today that I was
thinking about buying a laptop I think
I'm gonna do that right now I'm gonna go
get some work done tonight because
that's what I do every night I work I
work I work I got a text message from
savanah everybody protects a new video
um but yeah so that's like right now so
I'm gonna go do but I'm gonna wrap it up
here for tonight because that's all but
you guys need to know
