today what is happening is my parents
are gonna watch that fight that's going
on it's a big deal I don't know what's
happening to be honest but I'm gonna
like bear and like I have to show you
what I got today okay I'm done with this
thing okay so I ordered a ton of stuff
online I woke up at 4:00 a.m. this
morning and I went on Amazon and I was
like I'm just gonna order things and so
I have these big boxes filled with
things that I ordered on Amazon that are
all hilarious this I cannot wait to
prank someone with because it's so loud
but it's watch this I'll do it to my dad
I was going to get you did I did you
scared me I'm in their face I got this
thing online show laughs I'm a scared
people just when they come over to my
house by there you want to give me some
applause for all this stuff
thank you thank you thank you and I can
be a unicorn to the corn or I can be a
horse or I could just make myself I mean
that works too
so they're gonna watch out we're gonna
eat some food eat some dinner and then I
will show you more of the stuff that I
got online but the issue is is my mom
can't see this stuff so it's gonna be a
little difficult I have like do you like
don't watch us mom like as you can tell
I like the title don't watch us mom
hopefully you watch it because I'm gonna
show you on this stuff see like I can
over you I think I'm going to show you
in like three two one for your time but
for my time it's gonna take a few hours
later so we'll insert a spongebob card
and then it'll happen eventually party
streamers kind of giant panda like
blow-up suit thingy like hats and wigs
and glasses and such failure I gotta go
just kidding don't throw buckets I got a
new GoPro really loud
money to go in my job I don't know what
this thing is it's like this in it and
it launches off money it's like a look
at this see now I have to clean this up
oh just something in my dog's turn she
just took my turn in here all right
thing is scary um how do you know well I
don't think is a little bit terrifying I
got a hand puppet thing zombie in a hand
squirrel a hand corn another hand corn
in so cool I got even tiny hands in fact
I got a little I got a megaphone because
my voice isn't loud enough already
and that's all that's left in my box so
I'm gonna wrap it up there because like
that's a wrap on tonight I'm loving it
so much he's Savin your bar because
every decrement like you lose a truck
right now a like subscribe what are you
doing and subscribe there you go now
you're subscribe but yeah so much
Barbies out
