he's kind of big zany but really we're
just like hanging out she's just hanging
out here with me anyway I would make
slime so I'm like Lauren Gunn conocer it
inside my parents are not home right now
but Lauren this house just technically
she is my legal guardian six and a half
hours later I have to be honest I was
gonna like ensure this was like kind of
like a giraffe noise but like I don't
think drafts make noises so like I don't
know what I'm supposed to do there's me
long you decided like swim so now I have
wet hair and I decided to put in braids
and I decided I put a onesie on because
like why not what else would I put on
anyways I'm gonna make some food then I
think we're gonna watch great in that
movie cuz like that's all we do it or
together oh look at this is a slime
aftermath got to show you that this is
this life you like it you like it you
like it you like it
and we're taking like we're three
different types of foods liquids like
edible things and then you have to it
has to be like a meal of some sorts like
I would eat ramen noodles the bag of
chips in a root beer right I'm a junkie
yeah so it so we're doing like a slime
challenge we have to make slime with
these ingredients you have to use them
so for Lauren I give her some ramen
noodles a root beer and a maggot chip to
make slime I am nice and I gave Jojo
chocolate chips marshmallows and graham
crackers s'mores
why doesn't he smells really good smell
good
that's throw really good I'm not gonna
lie I got opinions up now from my
marshmallow miss Howe um so what I did
is I mixed marshmallows and chocolate in
the microwave like chocolate chips and I
melted them and store them safely do not
do that at home kids like ask your
parents
and then I just put chunks of graham
crackers in and then I added a gold
glitter and it shows my final product
look at that how beautiful like I don't
know if you can tell but like come on
I'm pretty good I'm pretty proud of that
Warren okay so I got to make Top Ramen
actually had to make it and then I made
my slime put my noodle in then crunched
up a few leis and then put some what do
they put in root beer yeah nice and then
I added in some blue sparkles because
why not but look how amazing this is
like they actually both turned out
pretty good I'm kind of proud of him
pretty cool I'll take it
I mean come on this is pretty good eh -
I think it's your first time being on
the walk today she just threw a cap in
the trash she's fixing my costumes
because she she needs to put more glue I
don't know what she's doing but she's
faking didn't get glue happy you know I
had a little happy I don't like to be
good half I told her to get glue happy
yesterday she but hey look how cool it
looks like she's literally killing the
game literally killing it literally
literally water really literally huh
I'll dig I'll dig through the trash
anyway yeah yeah oh dude he liked that
tip Oh
why would you go in the sole throw it in
here mm-hmm yeah yo you okay go find it
and then look who else is over there I
don't know what he's doing over there
dad's here Tom's here playing laughs oh
you're using the portable play then yeah
the real master we actually I did find
them a real mess good night good job I
love you good night Jess I love you
oh she responded uh-huh all right me and
mopes are going to bed because we're
tired and I gotta edit in I don't think
I'm gonna shower I mean I could shop now
think I don't want to here so like I'm
not gonna hear Oh
technically though I swam today so like
there's no point in me showering then I
got to super cute new outfits picked out
for tomorrow and boy oh honey weighs a
little guys so much it's see you
tomorrow because I'm going bed good
night fam oh wait wait voice is that
what you guys doing you're not
subscribed huh you need to subscribe
right now okay you need to join the sea
one in your family because we are
awesome
we're the strong family with beautiful
family dropping things we are the
awesomest family in the internet world
so subscribe right now join join join
join join the fame okay okay wait please
subscribe now wait you're still not
you're still not subscribe what do you
would subscribe dude what why are you
not subscribe oh there you go days ago
are you guys let me so much
