I'm nominated tonight for the solostar
wood is gonna be the best night ever
well maybe not because I am performing
at the Kids Choice gorge at this same
place but that's probably gonna be the
best night ever
kids doom because I'm on a g7 I take a
left immediately after I never getting
usual I need that wait since we're even
dropping off that's the red carpet
Prudential draping your knees in there
Thank You Buster on right there let's go
see the way we want to be all up in a
way you know we gotta go knows how to
keep up with the cannon foggy right now
I know right everything but this is my
outfit of the day it looks cute doesn't
it I like it I like it do you like it I
like it um look it's got flamingos oh
boy I am so excited here's my thought so
my thought is is that art or is that Nia
school but you my thought is is that no
one from Grey's Anatomy is gonna be here
but do you know who could be your mom
key Laila settle from gray to show man
that this is me girl I've gotta go all
the do classes ok glasses or no glasses
glasses try to take my glasses are a
little much I really am just going with
a yellow
the guy that guy who I just saw right
there
what if it's literally a different guy
in the marginal head every time
troublemakers right there
what a night I had the night off and so
much but why I once sat on my dog oh but
oh hi Jaden's like but oh my gosh it was
just so but it was so amazing like I got
to be so many cool people I got to meet
this stuff again I mean I was kind of
everything I literally was like oh I
gotta go all the carbon which is really
cool I got to see a lot of really cool
people perform I got to see where I'm
gonna be performing in like two weeks
but this alpha I'm not gonna lie it is a
little bit like copy I've already put in
the shirt as you can down so I've got to
change and do something but Jam on let's
do it oh yeah that is one shredder I
gotta stay right here and for that I was
like I am just going to talk to you guys
for a minute and tell you about my day
one I need to set this up somewhere oh
boy oh boy
so what a dad they also do glasses I
mean are they not everything I actually
I should wear these around I could with
him tomorrow to the gun oh my gosh but
today oh wow it was just such an amazing
day
oh and I gotta take these off basically
I heard a radio music Boyd um oh my gosh
so amazing it was such an honor to get
to go uh hair but I actually I was
nominated for an I heart radio award I
did not win I told you guys not but just
seriously it's so amazing I was up
against some amazing people I mean
myself um Max and Harvey the gabbie show
the girl who wanna need uh I believe
like why don't be might have been in
there Jack and Jack might have been in
there was a lot of really really good
amazing talented people in my category
um and so I'm just so thankful to even
get to be nominated like that is
seriously just so amazing um Wow at the
social starboard like that I don't know
if you know or not means like so much to
me it really really cheese really does
because I worked so hard in like social
media is like one thing that you know I
really grow and it's all 100% me and you
know of course you're my mom like
monitors my social medias and stuff but
like just so amazing like that this is
my life
also do you like I need to like put my
hair over here and I put a hood on
because like my head without a bow just
like so every night and
that's not happy they don't thank you
for watching was walking I will
