good morning I'm in yesterday's outfit
because it's noon and I don't get ready
until about 5 o'clock at night because
that's just how it works and that's what
I have in some videos I literally just
woke up and now I'm going to give them
food
I do want breakfast but it's like
lunchtime so I think I should eat lunch
food I don't really know this lady in 10
funny I'm gonna finish this out here and
not only eat food um anyways today I
woke up got some e-mailing done that's
really all that I had to do today my mom
is over in the fridge sheep ride isn't
one of you I care about right now it's
morning time it's before noon no no no
no we don't we don't we don't we don't
anyway so I gotta just I really don't
have anything to do today I really have
to do JoJo's juice but that's pretty
much it she's gonna go get a pedicure
he's gonna go get a pedicure I'm pretty
excited
we're let's go if you follow along on
the vlogs pretty much every single day
you know that I was rearranging my
closets yesterday and so oh no not
yesterday the day before yesterday um
finally finish and here's how he did it
so down here is like my closer I could
go like this and I would be happy with
wearing it you know what I'm saying so
that's what that is
up here just like my everyday like
random if I don't wanna wear anything
from down there I just kinda want
something chilled that's up there um
then this is all like my event clothes
so good clothes that I wear to events I
do have like fur goals and mothers and
look random things and then I got in
this room which is my pajamas so these
are pajamas that do not absolutely read
the house and these are pajamas that can
like hang out in the house but like
shouldn't leave the house and then all
up here from here up is all my Jojo
clothes so I like my personal like xxx
dolls because like I cannot wear a child
small anymore um no they're actually
just childlike cells but you know
already first doing - Wow Wow see that
see how fast you can get dressed and
ready and put makeup on him dear here
kids back downstairs and I'm about to
start working but before I do that I
need to get some food I don't know what
food I'm gonna have right now but like
I'm a teenager I'm not hungry
I just need to have something in my
mouth like I just need to put like food
in my mouth like I'm not hungry by any
means but I just like I just want to
like eat something joy being a teenager
I try not to say challenge on my main
channel and I did a Jake Paul Logan
Ponton that I did in my song oh my god
that's the literal hardest challenge
I've ever done I completely failed but
like you should just still go watch the
video anyways because like it was
hilarious so like go watch that right
now my main channel the most recent
janitors oh they're really terrible like
I was amazing like the video was amazing
but like me trying not to sing it just
yet Wow hey what's up ooh nice where you
at did you get your nails done hey you
did what color did you get them oh nice
did you go to Target already are you
still going there oh you're totally fine
you don't even have to worry about it
okay
just wanted to say I love you thanks
she's walking downstairs that was two
packages that was your stuff from Old
Navy and your stuff from gap I believe
okay
and you got you a Neiman Marcus stuff
all right bye love you now I have an
issue because now I wasn't planning on
leaving the house today yes I did get
ready but I was not planning on leaving
so I didn't put shoes on but now my mom
is like hey you good let's go out like
let's come to Macy's Athenian you she's
like
and it'll be fun and I'm like okay so
now I'm walking upstairs to put shoes on
because I got to like you know get ready
because she's gonna be here in like two
minutes probably so rude
oh don't worry the wave oh oh no found
it don't worry I found my mom in a car
and I we drove to a mall and now we're
gonna go shopping what water kicking him
my job no well I was not kicking in
screaming you want to see what kicking
and screaming looks like hey that's
really going really big down maybe right
let's try it what do we got maybe we'll
buy some stuff for our kitchen down here
um I was not kicking and screaming I
just said not already wanted you're like
come on and I said kick buying whatever
yeah I was basically me yeah
that's more like it she was hating
screaming we're gonna get some stuff I
don't know what we're gonna get and
you're not gonna know what we're gonna
get because like I just showed you like
I'm okay I'm trying to explain something
are you gonna issues they probably don't
want to know more about my shoes though
I hear China well I'm trying to explain
that yesterday I showed them a lot of
stuff that I got so today I'm showing
them nothing that I got accepted son
it's not a thing I'm Dracula that is not
a thing Sun is not allowed here it's
just she's not okay that was a success
it was a major success
major we're going home we're gonna get
food she's gonna make some outfits for
lip sync shorties you guys Friday is the
last day for filming of lip sync or
Saturday but that just means where is it
Saturday
Friday right it's literally so sad like
it's almost over I was I felt social
right but it was really fun and I'm
happy that like it happened I don't
don't be sad that it's over be happy
that it happened isn't that a saying
people say again you're cooking she's
cooking I mean it did happen last night
but like what have ever do that I've
heard a post page but I have it again
okay well right if my Nebraska friends
are watching the thing about for me that
I'm a good cook ya know you're a very
good cook but it just the cooking never
happens or anyways I'm gonna steal some
more these mushrooms because they're I
dropped it a five-second rule I'll still
eat it
yeah good on it my floor is clean though
it's fine it's just my feet that walk
around but I'll show you just Peter when
it's done because it's gonna be good
this is Jesse's final product looks
delicious if you ask me I mean I'm just
saying cheap these look good I think it
looks good to me come on
I was currently having a photo shoot
well during that you know when it's not
I clock at night you're just going to do
George's juice and then you still have
to like edit it and you show to upload
it and you have like nine ten eleven
three hours what high do I do you see
there you go
um I gotta go do the juice I'm wearing a
lemon sparkling lemonade over my head
which is actually gonna be terrifying
because sparkling is the hardest thing
to do and lemon is the hardest thing to
do there's like the two worst things I
try to stay away from but I'm you know
they're both happening today which is
not okay but I'm doing it because like
I'm me and I can be like I don't know
I'm just gonna give up now
ahaha I'll see you after I shower
because I'm gonna take a shower
dude just listen to Jay Paul I don't
know what I gotta do my life though um
yeah okay soon get this hot babe with
our hair down and almost drive you guys
I haven't liked like two hours but I
showered and did Joe Terzi said but
that's now complete
um anyways we're going to bed because
like tired and like tired goals like me
to really hard Jenna's she did you're
getting makeup all over me and I just
washed my face and got plans I mean sure
I just woke up she was you've been down
for her ten o'clock nap yeah mm-hm you
take a ten o'clock now okay me and my
dog a best friends I'm sorry we're best
friends too but my dogs just better I
think Bob is gonna take it over tomorrow
