Jojo I have a question for you what's
the question how does it feel to have
the coolest mom in the world I mean why
would you at Ellen Pompeo and you're
gonna have me but I never crazy sure God
really well and as you can see really
quickly change my danger so you're gonna
get to see some pretty things that are
gonna happen in my life today like this
chick all day and this check
I mean she wants my boys she wants an
orange I mean then we got Jojo and her
Nickelodeon hoodie today she's reppin
the slime and the orange
it's really cute we just got it
yesterday hey Bobo that was George
and then you got me I'm cooking some
dinner here doesn't look too exciting
yet but it's gonna be pretty good so I
was thinking it would be fun to give you
guys the tour of one of my rooms in my
house and this is actually one of my
favorite rooms in the house it is my
office which I've pretty much turned
into all right Stoney so I've been
writing a lot of jackets for Jojo on the
lip-sync battle show so when you guys
watch that as you see these really
amazing jackets you can be like oh just
made those and her rhinestoning room but
anyway it was an office but I totally
turned half of it into right sewing room
so I'm about to give you a little tour
but first why don't you look at the wall
and let me show you here these are what
all this is for JoJo's thousand
subscribers that's the old plaque but
these are all the magazine things covers
stories big inserts mostly covers and
big inserts posters from UK and the gold
moving righty that's not my favorite one
that Jojo has been in Tiger Beat this is
all the tiger beetle and I was like all
in there girl's world way up there oh
wait we should checked out now I
now I do Jojo there we go Jojo yeah and
like we went to the UK they gave us some
of these magazines and it was pretty fun
to get to see them all because you know
we don't get along here and this is one
of my other favorite things these are
all my patches but I can make Jojo stuck
with like these are all my small patches
my stones hot dogs
let me goes take my stars like all of
these they're all really cute unicorn
should might use this unicorn one this
week all right so those are my small
patches
and over here by the big patches angel
wings I don't even know what she picked
that Santa Claus is just like you cute
little hearts lips you're gonna see this
really cool blue jacket I did that has
these lips on him pineapple
so those are my big patches super boring
all of my glue yeah that's a lot of glue
anyways back over here this is my
rhinestoning table this is some of the
trim I was using on JoJo's last jacket
some clear stone
trim this is my favorite trim it's like
I don't even know it's like probably 20
wide and then you can just like cut it
to the length and the width that you
need it so you could do it over here
like I've cut into it and then you know
like little random pieces but it's
pretty cool and then these are my little
jars that I like to use when I am
working actually a little bit trash
there's a spool of some trim this
trimmer is really cool like that do all
this in the alley downtown LA so I
replace the LEDs big forties those are
amazing my glue I forgot to put the lid
back on it okay so you know that is
JoJo's Invisalign that is disgusting
okay so this is my abs and my Clippers
so a B means or bra those of you that
unknown was like I don't know what size
those are maybe like 40s 40s unclear and
then I found these new cool white stones
so you use those on something these are
on my colored stone this little bag
according to size and color and these
are like some classic you soon I just
found when I was downtown so I'm gonna
make something of these maybe later this
week okay I'll vlog it comment down
below comment down below if you guys
want me to vlog when I actually make
Jojo a jacket if you want to see me make
it or seen you make a pair of shoes so
these are all my colleagues don't I like
this blue color channel it's clothes
really really pretty I mean whatever and
then this is my chunky stone and these
are just like big bad oh man crazy huge
fun stones clearly that bag was not seal
shut but aim is not you can see them on
my hand there's like these are hearts so
these are
big chunky stones my chunky stuff like
pink and orange mixed together really
cool down there pink and orange and
purple mixed together big a be up here
some purple orange impeachment just
plain pink I mean you can literally
never go wrong with my pink this is I
call this my tchotchkes because these
are like what judge will really like
they're kind of like plasticy sparkly
and she likes more I put some of these
put like these little plastic you ones
on her stuff with the rhinestones so we
call those tchotchkes I don't really
think they're called tchotchkes I
definitely know they're not called
tchotchkes it's just a word that we
basically call them but they're called
tchotchkes in our world supposed to be
chokers but they work really good on the
back of so I'm sure you'll be seeing
Jojo where somebody's oh this is all of
my trends that I have left I don't
really have that much left because I've
been doing a lot for Jojo and on the lip
sync battle
so make sure when you watch it and you
like her outfit give me a shout out this
looks pretty cool it's like fabric and
it's like iron-on and I got like some
really cute colors I got like blue I
so this is probably my favorite thing
about my house right
this is fan mail that everybody knows
that is trash
this is fan mail and it's not very full
so you know what that means that means
that last week we wrote out over 1,800
envelopes
Jojo signed over 1,800 pictures and if
you use that female you're gonna be
getting something back so anyways and
then over here is where I'm like
supposed to work and pay bills and stuff
like that but my patches we're like
taking over this is our computer that
really is it that much because we both
have laptops but yeah it was it's really
JoJo's but she just keeps it in here I
am obsessed with pens you guys literally
after rhinestones my next obsession is
cute
colored mercury pen those are my
favorite step my favorite I'm gonna show
you these are my favorite pants and if
you have a pen obsession like I do you
need to go get these because the pen
notice what they look like will change
your life and you can get them at like
Hobby Lobby and they're in the framing
department by that sharpies
I love sharpies yeah over here spongebob
cup those are judges pens clearly she's
not obsessed like I am and my
Nickelodeon Cup and I'm gonna tell you
why I keep this a Nickelodeon Cup in
here
I keep this cup in here because I think
it's pretty cool that Jojo works for
Nickelodeon and I don't want anyone to
drink out of this cup and dirty it or
break it or crack it so I keep it in
here because really I'm the only person
that goes in here oh that's all my work
and my paperwork and all that stuff
that's no fun my address book of all my
friends and my Pizza notebook in case I
need to take notes or something so
really my printer with this cute little
sticker that I put on it and my printer
works about 50% of the time sometimes it
wants to work and it doesn't I have no
idea why it's hooked up to the Wi-Fi and
it just doesn't work so this is my
closet where I keep my patches normally
Jojo likes to keep her filming equipment
in here it doesn't really bother me I'm
not a big deal but anyway this is my
rhinestoning room my favorite thing your
fan mail and there you go JoJo's
pictures I hope you like Stuart comment
down below if you guys want to see me
rhinestone a jacket or a pair of shoes
or something fun for Jojo and maybe I'll
give you a tour of another room - thanks
and now we have a little situation see
we have this party and I was just out
here and I noticed a little situation on
the ceiling we have a balloon stuck no
it's not the one who can stand on the
counter getting it down for me don't
Yuki thanks Jojo pop it
