I got a big pile of closure Wow
morning to every single human it was out
there there's a chat your world how you
guys do today good glad to hear it
anyway right now I am home but this is
not how I started off my day I started
my day off and Nickelodeon Wow would you
look at this we are on the rooftop of
Nickelodeon currently on that sound
crazier than action we park on the
rooftop because it's more fun and that's
just where we like to park because like
it's just what we do we're going to go
in we're going to have a good meeting we
have like quarterly meetings and like
it's going to take a big meeting and
find out a lot of things you're not
going to find out anything but it's
going to be a lot and I'm excited
because I know what I'm doing in my life
and this is one of those danger I'm
going to find that heart because there's
a lot of stuff going on that we can't
even remember what we can and what we
can't tell you like literally in my head
there's probably 20 big main projects
that I can think of that I'm doing but
that I can't tell you about so I get
very difficult and it's very fun at the
same time my life is like filled with
surprises like I turn the corner and
there's a surprise right there
we're gonna go get this meeting and I'll
see you in a second see I told you it'd
only be one second because like I edited
that together I did it did it is a limo
ride Tennessee the meeting was great we
found a lot of cool things out and it
was awesome you're going to love my
future I love my future you know love my
future now we're going to go shopping
because I need to do a clothing haul
because I have a lot of clothes but it's
kind of all you've already been like
we're too much or just like it doesn't
fit anymore so time for new clothing
haul can be epic I'll press show you
what I get why not what do I got to lose
we don't know right now we're at the
Americana down in Glendale California
and go in there Wow
all right cool we're going on the way
out um but if you don't know this is
like our old neck of the woods like
literally used to live like we're right
here so it's kind of weird like when I
those in our apartment this is right by
what I was buying to like it's kind of
weird to be back here it's like like our
old neck of the woods we should turn old
so weird
sure let them get it and we're going to
watch our car I'm actually pretty
excited
back at our companies they're going to
wash the car that's a new thing that's a
new thing I'll say from 21 was our first
shop and I will play some damage with
Scott but I like a real there's actually
feeling like I have so much it's over
you're going to die when you see my
whole side we had to make a quick little
pit stop at Topshop go make a second pit
stop at work so stressful
I'm doing that for the less time enjoy
likewise all travel log Y and now that
leads me back here because I am about to
show you guys my clothes that I got at
the store so skewers a time lapse
select timeless actually took longer
than I thought I mean I got a big pile
of closure it's really heavy because
it's like a lot of pants but yes I got a
lot of clothes if you saw me like
jamming out and singing my heart out
something my IQ right now but if used to
help me like jamming out and singing in
my dancing in there in the time left it
was because I was listening to all of
Jay Paul and loving Paul's music so like
I had to jam out oh my god there's
really coming a man Oh Paul is not good
guys is not good
whoa whoa they got to see you vlog
yesterday I think what was going to take
it over one day a week so be ready for
that both you want to take it over at
war you had to take it over March so I
did you do over you in taking over she
literally loved me so much
hi yeah we're literally best friends me
in this dog or literally best friends
like if I had to say to my best friend
was it's this dog you're learning my
back right guys don't follow bulbs on
Instagram at its policy well go follow
right now let's get her to a mill she's
so close you're so close to a million
you're soaked out to a million also -
I'm get this channel to a million join
the family guys join us even ater strong
family I mean what gold you guys were
like one of the biggest families out
there like let's do it we got this Oh
what are you doing here are you doing
very well your family's my dog is so
cute like literally look at this look at
it a little baby like that little baby
now I'm gonna be like rearrange now
you're just scratch my face but now I'm
gonna like rearrange my clothes because
now I got more photos and so I gotta
like give it to some and they put them
away so I'm gonna see you after because
like there's no point in time laughing
that cuz I just be really boring for you
to watch so what really do you need to
be sitting like right
my life right now like look at this
literally wait a minute but yes I'm not
going to tell off that though because
like I'd be boring for you to watch but
like I need you to like go fallible on
Instagram right now okay follow up on in
the comment down below when your dad
okay do it alright well this is where
I'm at right now I mean it's like pretty
good that got filled up pretty good why
I'm not going to lie um I am going
downstairs because I'm kind of hungry
and I'm just done for the night like
I've worked on watching it I'm probably
working at this private about like an
hour hour and a half and I'm going to
I'm not and I have all day tomorrow off
which I could never happen like I'm
supposed to have a big one but then it
got cancelled so like I'm all day off
like I know what I'm going to do some
work on that tomorrow oh man I'm just
started nothing turned all these lights
on and only have like one hand and it's
very difficult but only get some food
I'm really hungry there's so many
choices what do I take obviously it's
going to be this like there's no other
way to do I just put my hair in a braid
because like that's my life but I
finished out my ramen noodles and now
this bed is going to be my best friend
because I'm about to go to bed right now
because I am a CPA little nugget anyways
you guys subscribe you're not subscribed
what are you doing you are subscribed
you we're best friends
um no it's real subscribe join the party
it's awesome here it's pretty much every
day sometimes I miss big but it's pretty
much every day uh who others I love you
so much I don't see you tomorrow
