yes so I'm starting my morning with a
cupcake on my face okay well good boys
every single zero is out there this
entire world I just did yours you so I'm
cupcake on my page a home that's my life
with yours anyways today we have a very
fun day what is happening today we are
going to the industry Dance Awards
annually this is what planning my outfit
looks like coughing a lot today but this
is a finding if my outfit looks like it
is a mess in here
I got clean enough because Diane is
coming over doing all of our makeup what
time is it dry enough time to play
results just full oh yeah so much all
festive I swear it is she's coming over
at like 1:30 I believe huh yeah are you
excited
Thanks what isn't going with us um well
I'm very specific today it's okay it's
okay it's okay it's okay it's okay I
have a cupcake on my face and I need to
get off in a pill I'm in the merge
closet right now because we're about to
leave because we are ready to go to the
i.d.s
I'm wearing this fur jacket it's sick
and it lights up I'll give you an outfit
of the day I mean I got this shirt and
these pants
Antonis Oh some sort on here oh yeah
Louise Louise my jacket lights up this
night is gonna be wicked look it's wet
it's what excited what it is what it
what it is let at all calm very wet and
it's what here in the car because I'm
here at Kay's here David here just as
here Patrice is here it is just less hot
tonight was really fun all you really
got to see that was a compilation of me
going it's a look if you want to replay
on that here it is wet it is what it is
look it is like it what it is wet and
all very relaxed what yeah you know you
like die hard anyways oh we're gonna go
home I don't know what I'm going to do I
said I'm gonna stop predicting my future
because I don't know what that happened
in my future
but you go home well I say I'm home it's
lit here um anyways elbow I'm going to
bed good night love you guys see you are
Oh No
I love it
