why are you doing well good morning
every single simulator who is in this
entire world I go through the day today
is one of the best states of my life
today is wannabe isn't wannabe is one of
you today is going to be one of those
life-changing days I can feel it anyways
what is happening today is my special
gender sue and my world is going to be
on Nickelodeon tonight at 8:00 7:00
central so therefore we're having a
party at my house so I'm going to give
you a really cool party montage
happening right now you ready for this
let's do it I don't know if you can tell
out that but that is pink hot dogs and
James italianized so I'm like so excited
for that you don't understand and Bobo's
excited too because like she loves hot
dogs for real today's gonna be so fun
and exciting it so hard hey glad you
can't wait to watch it well all the
people who showed up to the party boys
as a little kid so it's literally day
sir I mean we got two babies Fiat Parker
we got Jacob we got Bailey we welcome
your army mommy here Z so here it is
literally daycare up oh my oh my this
party great there shorty where I learned
enough to get my phone because I think I
threw it in can see I did oh my gosh oh
this is a date they're going on right
now it's actually really fun like I can
tell you it's actually very fun okay go
back down let's go say hi to everyone
I'm going to do a quick party rundown of
here who's here Callie here Karen here
pile on here hey in here tom is here
Jada is here small is your monitors yes
you're not not real mom and dad that's a
that's real dad
Angela cake Jessica and Dargis and Chris
hey Joe so really necessary
and then Jacobs are very do hot dogs yet
who else is here yes are here they are
here playing your tsunami in here Angela
here partner Bailey there's a lot more
people here but they're just everywhere
it's kinda hard to find everyone the
students really fun them great you wanna
keep it why not
you can hold a baby holders and like
where's the other one
I ate the whole food is ours no no for
that I came here I'm here all the time
why would they my little brother here
why are you that really every level eat
watching vlogging for me thank you
I love it said clearly do I got a cute
little blonde boy a few little flower
girl
this is fun ah and now we are gonna play
I don't know but um I am dodo with me
I'll simpler also more are we blogging
so much we out a play a new game can we
play a new game
yeah good idea
your mom's gonna film it may I hold you
don't get Ellie I wanted to hear
Everly does not owe me and judge are
about to jump in the pool identifies on
the rectory on TV through my dad yeah
we're very excited we're going to jump
all those are close with rollover
survived but yeah I'm very excited but
really good about to do this
all those kids are going to jump in at
the same time goodbye
literally about to be awesome ah to be
sick
I'm counting down
I mean though you can finally see the
light to the beach balls is the water
cold cannonball level every as you are
just the cannonball
oh yeah oh yeah party is over but this
dog and literally like three hot dogs 14
cupcakes she ate so much tonight and you
want to do the best part if I were to
try to give her a little cup table right
now since cupcake she can you wanted
chicken that's how you know how full she
is oh my god this party it was great oh
my goodness did you have fun she's fine
she doesn't need me right now oh my god
those so fun for real what'd you guys
think was a good amazing amazing
flawless was a disclaimer on widened
road yesterday is because it was just a
really fun night and today I would have
edited today and get it up today I'm
Kendra and have fun with all my friends
and hang out and I don't do good with it
so uh yeah so I said to the truth
hopefully you guys like the special
Jersey oh my well I hope you liked it if
you did give it a thumbs up it and I
liked it I mean give it one worse either
one works for real loved into dog lick
twist you want it coming off a no no I
don't want to feel
or the drama
