you guys I have to tell you something
you should just trust me I watch Grey's
Anatomy and I'm basically a surgeon
that's what my shirt says and good
morning to everything I'm doing it or
without in an entire world hi again
today today me and my brother present
self to our house and if they have this
house to herself but then it just it
worked out I drew my gun I know thank
you
today has been a great day so far I
started to dance I close to Access
Hollywood doing an interview and season
now now I'm beating him at Mario Kart
and now I'm getting frosted it down boy
refreshment but that's for my life is
right now how's your day going business
brother was going on grid down regen
session and have I clean up my room
because I still haven't unpacked yet I'm
coming in my clogs because it's the only
one that's actually semi quiet right now
um but I haven't unpacked it so that's
probably something that I need to do
because they're having a party here on
Saturday so I need to like unpack before
that I get my life together
you
and no I have not finished that yet but
anyways I thought I should tell you
something so will on Han back in the
closet yeah because that is important
you are in supply to my house right now
anyways we're trying to come up with a
name for our house so far
their names are the crystals or Lux the
mellow and the launch pad the crystal
and the Luxor my to you the launch pad
is my mom and the mellow is my religion
honey I know
so we're trying to figure out which one
I did a Twitter poll so far the crystals
running which is honestly the one that I
really like so yeah so if you do want to
change the name comment down below last
thing we're going to go with crystal I
think the crystal is a good name for our
house we back at the crystal again
are you sounds cooling I just like it um
oh look at that as I may not look done
but it is done up oh my god I'm so proud
of myself okay let's go back in the
closet
well boy do I feel like I've been in
this closet a few times today but really
no reality is the only quiet place in my
house yeah I got some new clothes today
it's very cute and very free I love it a
lot
um I was house name that's the big topic
of the day we're still deciding between
the luxe the crystal and the launch pad
my personal favorite is the crystal or
the lux
my mom likes the launch pad so let me
know what you think down below we'll
decide probably officially tomorrow we
also wanted to call her Lois we thought
this house would be a cute Lunas so let
me know if you like that um so we got
Lewis the lux the crystal or the launch
pad let me know in the comments below
we need your help we need to figure out
a name for this lovely house and we did
a name for a car we think we like the
rocket for the car but I don't know let
me know if you have any ideas well so
that's pretty much all that's happening
right now
um I go to bed soon I'm gonna write up
Saturday's video then I'm gonna like
hang out chill ha ha that was really
happen I can't predict the future I mean
I'm not that sore even like I'm not
waving like I just I can but you know
tonight it's okay we don't need to
predict the future call yours these
really cute shows that I got today I
gotta say your English says New York on
it and it's cool I was like giant safety
pins in it I don't know
cute I like it you don't aunt bye oh
you're jumpy I got tonight look at this
so for tomorrow but I got a text message
for tomorrow I have to take some clothes
and so look at even put it in a garment
bag tonight like what is this like
literally gold nailing it okay back to
the closet I've decided that this closet
is our new hangout spot so what I want
to talk to you this is River coming up
okay you guys um I died I don't know
what else is I'm gonna do tonight I
might just like end this here because
like what am I gonna do nothing for you
to watch it would be fun so yeah
listening here okay I love guys so much
please comment down below what name we
should name our house because we're
trying to come up with a name for her
and we're like I'm going to say when
we're tiny deluxe the crystal Lewis with
a launch pad let me know what you think
in the comments and also carnem the only
thing that we have right now is the
rocket but we might come up with another
name or you can come up with a name
comment down below make sure you
subscribe join the family red because we
close to every single day so join the
family it's gonna be awesome
you're going to miss it you're not gonna
want to miss you're gonna want to visit
that's awesome you're not gonna miss it
anyways um where was I gonna say to you
oh thank you so much boo Center to
tongue subscribers it search done cuz
I'm going to hit on revenge and I'm
going to have for millions for it I'm
literally just so excited I'm gonna hit
for million because I gained about 10k
subscribers a day and I'm 44k away like
oh haha I don't know what that was but
okay I'm just gonna start out we're
gonna watch it Wow
