well good morning every single simulator
is out there the desire role I'm
watching how my father because I have a
really sad depressing story so stir this
morning I forgot to brush my teeth
starting this morning off forgot to put
deodorant on and I started this morning
off forgot to put perfume on started
this morning off forgot my camera's SD
card so yeah give me smelly and I'm
going to have no vlog footage now but
we're going to stop somewhere in between
here and our next stop to get some stuff
for me to smell better all better
okay we're going to KTLA right now
because i am going to UM go film a TV
show kind of morning show talk show I'm
going to go on jess is going to go on
not me kidding you're gonna do it I'm
going to DJ you David be like what
judges do a night where he brings your
posture to see what my world Saturday
August drop eight seven centuries to do
it um okay not gonna lie I've been going
for like forty five days straight early
mornings no brace and if I could give
you any advice I want to do it's just no
it's just a trick yourself to big your
way just like get up jump around pretend
you away to like just shake yourself and
then you get a chance and then still on
your publishers phone and take a whole
bunch of selfies on it that works here
she has an old update means the update
sorry Lana
over phone takes a bath I like this film
vault I'm Lila you don't hear how my day
is going how's your day going so I woke
up right but two minutes and then Diana
showed up okay get it wasn't me here we
go Oh like 75068
a white wedding ring oh my god
okay I'm remember you get in with you
know not dinner before you on for
Darnell you look great
forgot my ID card for my camera forgot
so now I have to do this wait super sir
No
she's like wait that's why red fine
wait wait I have to say I think that is
the famous
KTLA 5 bus that Jade Paul stood on top
of and I really think that way way let's
look at the clip and see if it is Jake I
wouldn't do that okay
I wouldn't crawl up there Wow I just
wouldn't do that see it is I told you
look at that Danis famous KTLA 5 crawl
on top of say what are those enjoy yeah
cool Jake Home Slice dudes we changed I
got my camera Wow opening why not even
go ahead man
Manny we're carrying the gate and I'm so
fat literally we're done yet but now
we're going to Warner Brothers that's
what we may have burnt a pizza though I
did not do anything um we're going to
set right now for lip sync Shorty's
again right okay well again again again
I'm warm again because this is my first
time logging on set and actually I'm in
my dressing room right now on set and
it's really cute look at this we got
some food we got a little couch we got a
little on the fireplace yeah a little
vintage if you got a little person we
got some clothes you got some more
clothes that I can't show you so that's
right go get ha planning SmartWater
anyways um this set it's so cute look at
this
eat can you keep but yeah and we're
going to go to my door I put that there
I can't really show you more than that
so we see late now I'm off step but it's
really loud out here so I'm not going to
tell you how to make but I'll see you in
the car
well we're back home and this is
probably where I'm going to wrap it up
for the night because I had to go to
George's right now I haven't really
called time looks at 6:00 5:45 hate me
now
it was a little get so much as this is
well
