well good morning everything else even a
doe is out there in this entire world
today is going to be a great day because
we are going to Nickelodeon to see the
screening children see what my world
will go into there and they're playing
my show for me and all the executives
it's like a special private screening
that I'm really excited for I guess in a
special today for the first time you
don't get to see it though haha but you
do to see it on Saturday August 12th
because it's going to be on Nickelodeon
and we are throwing a party on Saturday
long on Joe Madden we are throwing a
really fun amazing party for Joe Joe
soon my world and we have all our
friends over and we're going to have
candy and we're going to have cupcakes
and we're going to have Joe Joe plates
and Joe Joe napkins and you guys should
all have parties with your friends and
have didja plates enjoy the napkins and
Joe Joe party and you should send us
pictures on Instagram there you go but
you had less I would do it I'm pretty
excited we're going to take exit so it
can be on to the left toward maybe then
to us where Bank why don't you sign well
they're out how to get there eventually
in will mail and life is going to be
great I'm so excited to be in special
are you exciting no I guess when you're
at Nickelodeon you got to do this
you may nexus in the most obvious
because life is very reckless yes a
strong area I wanna do you think you
might see is better be quick to the
materials yes analysis I'd you are I
love that we could continue it I look at
that changed again in the car again
doing the same thing again but doing
something that I've actually never done
before I'm going to a variety event and
I whoa my fitting bride getting fancy in
this world locked I've never gotten
fancy before and I got along torrej√≥n
it's all real all real uh-huh oh really
pretty yeah yeah
nobody attention is on I'm like kind of
nervous like yeah I don't get those all
right
no tell me funda stop party up in here
wait no mom Wow someone's got pop rocks
here and literally were walking out
nothing happens then I go to get into
guard and literally okay what came out
of nowhere
nothing oh hello and then like for gay
people in pictures thank you I know
Arabic oh hello I got a gig on the story
oh you back home hold on I was sitting
here and I'm telling them on my line at
night because I hung out with her for a
little bit and um she goes is that the
girl like from Target I go that's the
funny girl and no you did not do that
you go I got the girl from Target and I
go what do you mean and she's like the
one who like goes to Target and I was
like well don't we all go to Target
she's like you have it like the one who
like does the funny stuff and oh yet and
I was on ik with the fried I said I go
uh-huh and she goes she like she's the
funny stuff with the product at Target
and I was like hard to make the fun with
products at Target yeah I can't think
alone for the life of me hasn't dawned
on me like him nothing dawning on ya
like come on jazz you gotta know which
is the misery of looted by one of the
nicest people I've ever met but I just
thought it was so funny that she was
trying to figure out who it was
no one is G Welker however there she
goes like from Target to the dollar
store from tarnishing dollars
bad magellanic xx Eliza that now are ya
would you look one back here with my
news no goop of iodine yet I have made
male face okay anyways I love you got so
much shame oh yeah
