good morning to every single student who
is out there in the stairwell jess is
here Jane is here
tom was sitting right there but now he's
gone anyway um we are taking a break
from lifting Shorty's right now out of
focus
just get used to it you'll eventually
used to because it happens all the time
anyway I've been on set today for quite
some time I've been on set for a while
um but it's been really fun we filmed
our first episode which is really
exciting but we're actually filming
episode two also today so I'm doing a
little break and then go back over there
so we could be awesome some folks say
you in a food color bottle you in a food
coma play dad dad are you in a food coma
are you vlogging yeah typical typical
when you just drive around there's teeth
everywhere because you're near Warner
Brothers literally right well I just
better today I mean I showed you like
this much of my day today goals though I
mean like I haven't done that recently
offered to like but whoa scratched me
pretty bad because I don't know why she
was scared so she crawled up on me um
yeah both be jealous - all right so I
wanted to talk to you guys about the
truth um for the night I didn't vlog I
don't know how to come up with something
because the other days I actually had a
valid reason today those simple Jenelle
my dog hurt anything my dog took a
doughnut off my bed and eat the whole
thing but the whole top of it like
concerned um and then we also had a lump
of cream cheese and she ate that some
players from my breakfast but any at all
and then she felt like finishing it she
ate more United but I said I I was
trying to comfort somebody to do for you
guys and good smell is like been up
since 11 o'clock working I technically
I'm still me not really
so I mean I can type up with something
because really something going on a
hanging dollar oh I don't know the truth
okay those divulge me I use a better a
lot I'm just tired but it's fun I like a
lot I like you doing it they're just
kind of one of those days is the first
shoot day and all but like now it's got
it all figured out with some big battle
shoulders and so yeah pretty cool um oh
my look I live in my brain is just fried
like I couldn't like I could live it
going so videos clean right now if she
asks and I could be like I literally
can't open anything
but literally it's like Liza was like
hey you want to own the night I'd be
like ya know like I can't come up with
anything
I just calluses like I also I've been
going for a lot of shape and I'm I'm
pretty excited to and I'm losing my
voice
not even in life um I feel like let's
take that I feel like it'll happen like
been like fall days I hope I don't lose
it obviously but like I said I happen
I'm not gonna lie okay I'm gonna wrap
this up here we go there's no boy me
talk to you right now because like
there's no point because what I just
said done you nothing that you didn't
know or should care about her like
anything um anyways for real what's up
oh okay I'm done
this is a crappy edit all mine tomorrow
tomorrow be more vlog a lot which is
good I'm just going to keep the camera
mode and
go into our cell blogging can get a lot
of footage for you tomorrow there's a
lot give it yet that's the truth just
google it is how's it feel like the last
day at like the last is I should occur
in luggage it was very difficult as you
could well oh well oh well good she
wants water
shut it in the shower shades and water
inner Bowl probably a smart idea
um I get that you're in a second um but
yet they're just kind of one of those
days right move on all right well you
guys why off you still watch my review
they will feel I'm stick around
subscribe thumbs up share it comment I
don't know I'm do all the things because
it's kind of tried to get way better my
dog video up tomorrow so I'm going to go
get in some of that
let me get so much change see you too
not rope with a good blog
finally it's time
