she was buying about reducer do that hi
what's your name hi any love hi what's
your name
hey David amber hi what's your name
you're on leave Heather y'all stand up
cross behind your water recording but oh
boy you guys I remember a quarter hit
number one song think we got I think we
got I think it's owed to me
oh my gosh Andy what did you do to me
good I'm so happy the saga actually
turned out really really wrong I'm so
excited oh my god Holly are they gonna
hear the bass music not yet oh you I
designed a devastating Jaden boy sure I
do now what should you we gotta know
parents do it what do you want to do you
know I'm gonna go find some Joe Joe Joe
Joe Joe Joe Joe load you guys look we're
gonna do hi what's your name what do you
got Sam what is that wait wait yup yup
that way that way right there what is
that let me see that what do you got
what do you got is that Joe Joe vigeous
better not hurt Sam's mom over there hi
Sam's mom I heard her and you guys that
car has a chole jabo
and I just keep on yeah I'm like I
really hope she realizes that is really
cool that is Jojo and then she goes wait
Joey your vision spinner and then she
had my vision spinner and I need all of
it hi what's your name Maya let's meet
Anu I love seeing people with my
merchants the best is Joe nice to meet
you
alrighty friend Sameer at Target I have
not seen any jojomo yet but I'm hoping
to find some because this is not my
target this is actually a target that is
very far away from my house but I was
like I want to go here and see if
they've any George emerge so scuzzy have
any around this for
a my target is what things will be okay
do they have shirts them shirts any
shirts damage damage look at my sense I
got they got they got worn Bosley's I
love this shirt actually cuz I would
finish my have to get that right there
is a new target shirt that I got it
god I do is a new target shirt doors
really cute it has my gold pops whole
looking things Oh cute okay do they have
the ones I know my Joe DiMaggio I see
all over the guy that's a bracelet look
at the elbows oh my gosh what's this
stuff this bones really cute so go to on
I'm fighting the close was a success not
gonna lie I'm in like three different
choice of my knife elbows I found half I
found it off but now but now but now
there is one more thing that target
could have which is of course toys so
they could have the doll they could have
the bow maker I don't know one thing I
love goes in the garden look it right
there literally right there I Omega hair
stuff and I love zero stuff oh look at
that little kid was getting phone it I
saw you getting my dog what would you
notice okay that's a great jargon chef
Nigel I didn't I was very successful we
found Joyce we found what you guys we're
not buying anything oh we did find it on
which is a great success lines very
happy with that so it's casually just
walking your second one I saw the
bedding and I was like they might have
children running the left windows if I
got it do they have it do they have it
do they have it do they have oh you guys
are high against him oh that was awesome
are you eating my stuff it's okay I
don't think you it does have my dog on
it do you know my dog's name you are
very smart that is that is my dog's name
do you like Bobo she's cute thank you
ah not today but maybe another day I can
alright cool by them Happy Easter she's
the shy - Thursday
alright so that my Betty but they did
have clothing easily had bows in they
had toys I would now see you in another
place in search okay that was successful
Jeff I'm very happy god that was awesome
we gotta save fans we got it submerged
it was just great like I said how things
I am for you guys out there I know it
sounds like cheesy and all but like
going out to places and getting to meet
you guys is seriously it's like one of
my favorite things ever to do like genja
isn't it pretty cool so cool like I just
I love it so much we are home now I'm
going to make a little knick-knack
because you need your nutrition because
that's how you stay alive so it's snake
snack time mmm foe gone that snack was
the best snack that I have had in like
literally 15 days not just kidding what
I meant by the 15 days last 15 minutes
not probably more like 15 seconds a lot
of you probably don't understand this
because most of my demographic is four
years old which I love I love my little
for doing my favorite things ever but so
what happens is when you get older all
you like to do is eat like it's just
it's so fun to eat no matter what it is
it be chocolate sweet sour salty
whatever it is you just like to eat so
yeah that's kind of what I'm talk--i and
I just like to eat things oh boy oh boy
oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh
boy I need to change right now because I
am going somewhere tonight where I
cannot be in jeans so didn't change and
I'll tell you where I'm going once I
change but I think it'll be kind of
obvious duh I'll change often telling
that you know where I'm going any taro
Android piggy and I but you know it's
got every right now I'm sorry
I love flying it's just like wow so free
I believe so we just leave here about
five minutes do I need to pack my bag
and you grab an extra but oh no you know
what I do anything about I told them
that I would bring them doll clothes
candy - Jojo - Jojo Jojo is I don't know
go to college or career or you're right
there yes goodness I'm as much a little
do but everything eyes I got the dog
check I do I really have to leave those
up
