come on every single zeroes out there
you know I kind of wanna think upside
down and yeah it's fine come back come
back come back come back look at that
we're back okay I'm not doing you upside
down though again I know nothing you
upside down is up because look at that
entourage I mean what is that yes yes I
am operating it now in the light
Department I literally look at this how
am I did have a low lighting department
I let's go take two on the lighting
thing I also got this thingy way boy way
there's an issue you can clearly see the
circle around because I've got lighting
anymore
it does everyone has good eyes good what
do we have on the agenda for today
literally nothing oh let's see your
lighting outside out that door front
door right there I should have like box
lights that I want to set up cuz then
they will light the house if I want to
put one over there one right there one
back there one up there one over there
so I'm gonna set those up in a minute
but we literally have nothing on the
agenda for today series my personal
agenda for the day but tell you I don't
do anything this is what I want to do
today this I have to fix this pretty
much all is there behind me
a clothing typical Djem maggle I'm kind
of sad about talking about it
now gonna sell this dog bad that I paid
a lot of money for and they literally
thought I'm gonna be Schwartz key
crystals and uh it's Hobby Lobby
rhinestones no offense to Hobby Lobby
but you know when you're talking choice
key get Hobby Lobby it's just a whole
different thing
like I love Hobby Lobby I showed up
there ever times literally like my mom's
Larry yesterday the reason why I came
over here is the obstacle course hey I'm
going to set it up today and then it
rained all day in California today so
that's not fair cooking oh just usually
won't come up here when you want camera
time okay fine you want a pop tag
alright there's a pop tab well I love
you I love you basically my mom wants me
to wait and do it because until
advocates choice words but I was like
that's my whatever she was like unless
you're gonna do it really saving really
smart like you say you are and I was
like guess when one of her sound like
sudden anyone's messengers like I don't
even want to kind of make a 1% dangerous
like at all because why do that why
would I do that
so basically I was going to test out
today and then it rained all day today
Rain Man go over it go it gets the other
day to wait all day today so I couldn't
sign up today and I'm pretty much visit
so Wednesday so it's fine I do want to
organize all the things for my obstacle
course cuz I didn't like keep track of
like what came what hasn't come yet like
what I could do you know all the things
so I we can organize and I'll update you
in the middle of it I mean this is kind
of everything look at all these
blighters
I can't even also too I'm gonna need
like 50 more of those but hey I mean is
getting I can't even draw rule is you
would not be able
that's the obstacle course of outside
today I figured hey cuz my family's not
here right now I would give them a
little little teeny tiny tiny baby
changed of what the actual obstacle
course is going to be like pretty much
all I'm gonna do is have the joiners
drinking station I'm gonna have them
rather this thing and then of course the
pool filled with water balloons gonna
have water in them but they're also
gonna have we ever give them a little
taste of the obstacle course inside why
would I do that that's a horrible idea
now just kidding attach the dotto of
idea it's a fun idea I've got to make
this happen I will adjust call my family
and these days I'm gonna be home in 30
minutes I'm really excited could be
really fun okay I'm scared I'm nervous I
have to work quickly but really you got
a run down here runner hype oh go run
run run
you got a walk over here walk walk walk
got a hoppy on a hop you got a hop then
you gotta crawl through then you land in
that don't really know what that is not
gonna lie I'm kind of like I do this
because now I know that I have to order
new paints because the paint that I
ordered isn't exactly what I wanted it
came in it's like olive green and like
red and it was gonna be lime green and
pink so I have to reorder it because
then get what I paid for
ah look at my dog she loves this thing
Bobo is that yours
do you like that you like that if it
like she's been in it all night long and
doing this oh my gosh oh my girl I'm
sweaty okay well I caught them I think
I'm hearing about like ten minutes
so 20 minutes later guys here they come
here they come here they come magic give
it up for the legendary David
Copperfield wait dad you're going in
wait dad there's an issue you didn't do
the whole obstacle course you just sent
it
these are my favorite shoes I actually
did that that was epic that's it I
feeling pretty good Jaden that's a lot I
did not hurt send it clearly you did not
is not so good Jess not so much Loulou
not so much Loulou you kind of blend in
no I'm just kidding you don't let any
you need your special you don't blend
into nothing the pool is gone clearly I
love oh boy boy boy you guys I tell you
something do you not fun performing was
last night for you although it's just
actually so fun so I give you a seed
yeah they've already made gonna check it
out right now because I literally bought
how would you explain it on my
performance
we were just watching it it's pretty
amazing actually there was a girl oh my
goodness what a nice at night that's
dead and by with what a night to marry
has but I little I mean it's been
nothing oh boy we literally did nothing
today eggs ever my dad your jumped into
the pool felt of glitter and paint
replay all that already get up Dolly's
you back there I'm gonna be wrapping it
up for the night bubbles of the high I
don't really know what that meant
alrighty get us a nice wrap on today I
love y'all
