it's dark outside and you know what that
means that I can't give you a foot
injury today anyway I'm walking upstairs
because I just walked downstairs and so
now I gotta walk back upstairs but I'm
going upstairs because I got a shower so
I went down today I came about it now
this abuse I'm out of breath but what's
happening right now is I just did my
reach because they were all black
anyways um but no for real I really did
just do my route um I got showered out I
think looks pretty in a blonde um yeah I
know I really feel like same reason as
yesterday why am I just getting a chat
starting up a new TV show I was just
weird timing and I just said hard to
really like mountain is very difficult
and for figuring out to Mars the first
shoot day so it'll be easy you're not
not necessarily easy but easier um
starting to figure it out oh my dog
needs food and water don't you yes you
do I'll get that in a second ah ha ha ha
ha
so I'm going to shower that out and I'll
see you in a second whoa would you look
at that my hair is dry my life is done
what magical it actually looks really
good this is try the best when it's
looked in a while and I'm really excited
about that
anyways I have some good news is that
the boys are here and so that means now
that we have a full house literally um
all right guys so now that the boys are
here though we are going to be a little
more chaotic but it'll be more fun so
yeah small disclaimer you really close
to my face right now but I might visit
the actual disclaimer is that this
footage was from yesterday's vlog but
then I decided to wait and we're in
today's vlog so there you go alrighty I
changed because I felt like what dog
because I gave her go back and forth
supposed to smell my dog um I felt like
I should take this time to sit down and
talk to you being 100 hundred doesn't
what is on my I later was saying 100 and
100 billion percent honest uh why I
haven't filmed in these says like three
days well it's not like I'm hiding like
some big secret or anything and I'm
actually being one harbor's honest with
that um it's just that I was gone
through 30 days straight and it was hard
and I had a lot of time differences I
was in Canada then I was in London then
I was in New York now I'm not here in
California do me wrong he was really fun
I had a blast and it was great but at
the same time it was really hard to film
because I tried to get it up with the
time in California and then I just I
just didn't work so then I just kind of
posted it when it worked and then when I
went to New York it got even more messed
up because I was like vlogging it in the
day and then I end up posting that vlog
because it was like the time difference
and I got to New York so that was weird
for good two days then when I came back
here I honestly put the camera in the
bag and I didn't take it out on our PSA
like honestly I don't know why statistic
but anyways we were going through
security I put my Center in my bag
because letting are led to like film
there so I was like okay great and put
it in my bag and then when he got
through security we just went and got
food and I just didn't look back and
then I got on the plane and sat on the
tarmac for like two and a half three
hours and then we finally took off I
slept this whole time and we landed and
I was like oh great we're in California
Olive log yeah so there was a whole lot
on that but I only showed you a little
bit of it I mixed it with yesterday's
vlog um and it was the same Bobo I just
put in the clip of me and Bobo so you
guys could today because I was really
the only funny thing in this vlog also -
another thing is is for me I'm more
about quality not quantity and so I
didn't feel like putting up just a vlog
for like that boring and that you would
want to watch and that's like dumb it's
like you no one cares
so for me I was like you know I'm just
going to sit down right now and tell you
that I know my past few vlogs have been
pretty bad and I know they're not as
good as they should be but I needed to
tell you that they will be and that they
are going to be getting way better and
tomorrow
now the reason being I started the vaad
day today at 5:30 again I have or
whatever time I don't even know 7 it was
past is past 7 so yeah that reason being
though is because I was actually on set
today so I'm filming a new show it's lip
sync battle shorties and I'm Coast even
Nick Cannon so that's really fun I'm so
excited for that and today was the first
day on set for that right where
someone down at Warner Brothers which is
really cool so I was on set and I
started to vlog and then my camera died
and I usually have like three extra
batteries with me but for some reason
that is zero so that's right is blog
today really at all but then I come back
but then I came back and then like it's
just you didn't like need to see it like
we're gonna be interesting for you and
so I know some of you might be like
neurons or her look we'd love to do that
but like you know like it was really
cool
but it's just like the stuff that's
really cool about it I can't really show
you which is cool because you have to
wait it's like a surprise but I mean my
camera died so like it was totally fine
and I didn't have a choice
but tomorrow it's gonna be a fun day
tomorrow is a rehearsal day um but so
I'm gonna go to I'll show you around a
little bit I could probably show you
like my dressing room can like give you
a like a little like a secretive set
tour without showing you anything like I
can show you like crafty and I can show
you I was gonna show you all I can show
you the bathroom I could show you like
those like back areas of it can't change
that though because you have to wait do
that and if you see me keep going on
business cuz I have something in this is
really bugging me I'm not going to lie
ah anyways also too I'm not editing like
this strongly right now and if you
notice that I'm not editing it strong is
because I just wanted to honestly
truthfully tell you what is been going
on and why I haven't been filming as
much as I used to be and to our vlogs
they used to be like 30 minutes long but
for me that was just like it was fun but
it was kind of just like Lauren like
knows is only worth 30 minutes long so I
was like I'm just going to chill and I'm
going to edit this down and I'm going to
watch like walk you through like what a
fun day is like you don't even see like
random stuff what else what else what
else did I want to say to you tomorrow's
vlogs will be better the next day I'll
be better it's going to get really fun
too because a whole bunch of people
going to be visiting us on set and I'm
really really really excited I'm
Hospital you know you guys this limping
Shorty's is going to be so so so fun
without telling you anything I can tell
you that it's amazing
this set is unbelievable the crew the
cast everyone so nice a little lip
syncher they're so so cute they called
little shorties the
love them so much the dancers that's
awesome it's just it's really fun um
what else was happening Saturday is your
be really fun day for me Sunday hey for
you I'm having a big party at my house
which will be cool all what else is
happening uh so a lot of people will be
over not party but my show Jota - oh my
world is going to be on Nickelodeon on
Saturday so we're going to have a few
people over and you know watch it
anyways ro what else is happening today
no man like honestly hose it down
entirely like I just it just wasn't
interesting enough to vlog and the time
difference really messed it up and I
messed up my time difference but
tomorrow I should be good because I have
a 7:00 a.m. call time and so therefore
there was my camera so therefore I'm
going to be up early but I've been up at
5 a.m. every day so it'll be like
perfect you guys are like wake up and
then over like that again really great
uh-huh but I'm gonna be really good
about London tomorrow because I did the
bishop yeah but like for real trust me I
want to put out good content I want you
to come back and I want you to watch
there's a thing on this internet called
trusting the content someone that
content is really trustworthy is in my
opinion is Liza Liza go she um because
like she could post like cool new
earrings right and you would watch it
because you dig oh my gosh like Klimek
said like you know she's funny and you
know she's funny and you know she just
she comes up with stuff and everything
she does is amazing and so that is
honestly truthfully like she is probably
one of the bigger YouTube role models
for me because I think her work is
amazing and I think she's just really
cool and she's really nice and she's
really humble but like that's a big big
thing on YouTube is like content being
trustworthy and so for me it's not just
about putting stuff out there I mean I
love rings about their and that's I mean
literally what I do but I think that I
just want to start to put out good stuff
for you if that makes sense like you
don't want to watch random things I mean
you probably want to watch me rattling
off right now like I am but that is the
story on why I
not been blogging recently I'm sorry um
yeah it's a little bit of a mess but
it's okay because it's good and I am
fine with it but now I have to go and I
have to edit because it's getting
animate here it is 8:42 I have a call
time of seven I'm working till about
four then I don't know what it oh my
brother's coming to wild dogs should be
really fun
oh I had failure but was so cute or not
macho just so cute and I think it's
better wrap it up here because I like to
go edit and I want to edit two videos
like I want to edit this video and I
want to edit yesterday's vlog which is
so on up yep and I need to do that um oh
I have to tell you this story I forgot
about this on
so yesterday I was late when I was
editing like super super late because my
date didn't end until late so I'm
editing at midnight right and I finally
get done edging edge of like so my the
quality of that one um but it's super
quick and I was like okay done like I
have to let it save now taking about 10
and 20 minutes to save right so while I
was nothing to save I'm like I'm going
to roll over I'm going to play over play
on my phone and I'm like just going to
like chill and like I'll post it in
about ten minutes because I was done
it'll be ready and I was like you can't
fall asleep oh right you can not fall
asleep so what do I decide to do I just
had to fall asleep right so I in my
sleep I'm like okay you need to wake up
and do that video need to wake up and do
that video so in my sleep I wake up and
I did the video right neaten up that was
all a dream I merely swore that I woke
up into the video and then I actually
woke up and I was like the video and it
was it was somebody like oh it's just
like the reflection Adri I was like oh
what is that um but yes and I woke up at
7 in the morning I was like the video oh
also - um I need you to do me a huge
favor if you've actually made it this
far
comment down below like a red heart
emoji um he's I have admitted this one
though so he did hide the job part of
you um anyways ah what was I gonna say
oh I want you to comment like if you
want to know something because I've got
an open book and I'd love to tell you
stuff but like I feel like
just kind of rattle off like I am right
now and I like sitting down and just
talking to you guys because that's
really would such important to me and
just to this the point of this channel
is for you to get to know me better and
for you to get to know my mom better and
that's another thing that we've been
slacking on is my mom up vlogging which
she and I need to be better about
telling her to do but so that will be
happening to you very soon which is
going to be good um also to the editing
just been getting a lot because it's
literally like oh look I've been every
night and I don't really have time so
I'm that's another reason why but it's
kind like I like to edit like just one
of the things that I do it just takes
the time anyways Oh what was I even done
no oh yes
comment what you want me to do comment
if you want me to do something if you
want me to go somewhere if you want to
try something but also choose like tell
me what you want me to talk about
comment if there's because there's days
like this where I just I didn't get
anything to tell you and so that's why I
felt the need to tell you this right now
so then there was a purpose for you to
watch this and now I want you to comment
I think there's like a story you want me
to tell or if there is like something
anything let me know any tips any like
tutorials I don't know anything for me
to give you guys something good to watch
because this what you want no one wants
to sit down and watch something boring I
mean oh no I know anyway so you got do
that the reason why I was avoiding I
think that's pretty much all I wanted to
get out feel like it is um anyways
turbo's will be great but tonight is now
all right goodnight everybody love you
all so so so much don't forget that I
love you guys so much if you ever meet
me in person like just come say hi like
it's the best like you guys are honestly
truthfully like the sweetest people I
get to me in my life disseminator we're
family y'all see what enters our a
family hashtag it you hated her family
I read ha I for real love you guys so
much um that's a wrap on today and what
was my outro oh that's a wrap on today
ah dad
