well good morning to everything else you
in anyways out there in the world
how you guys doing I didn't haven't seen
you or talk to you in a while fits
because I haven't I mean I'm gonna have
to be honest I didn't really vlog at all
yesterday I mean I've logged a little
last night but I didn't really vlog as
much as I like to sure now I am cleaning
my house I just kind of jumped really on
to the topic there I didn't really like
explain anything why I did a vlog um but
now I am cleaning my house cleaning my
house I gotta clean all of it as I've
explained and sorry Jim what look at
that anyway now I think I want to make
some cupcakes now that I got like
everything that needs be done done like
I think it's like cupcakes or maybe
shine a candle is through tube cake
which one and it is just a kid cake and
I finished those three different colors
I think that'd be really cute it's all
part of one of that right now detective
the decision that I'm going to do 2 cake
mixes and however many of this size cake
I can do so I think that will be really
cute sugar medium one not might be cute
I'm gonna be like ah I don't know I'm
gonna figure it out right now but I'm
gonna do like a tiered but like all the
same size alright you guys will visit
with me and Bobo and get bored tonight
right yeah he's your sweeping no yet
anyways look at that I'm wait for it go
I have to clean this mess up in the
morning that's why I cleaned up my mess
earlier today because then I can like
make a new mess and now this is mine a
mess and I have to be able to tomorrow
and I don't want to write both I know
right anyways um I have to tell you
something huh so I don't like these past
few days I haven't been very good of
logging yeah sorry but the reason behind
that is because it was really weird like
coming back here and like the time
difference really got me like I went to
bed yesterday at like 8 o'clock at night
which is super early for me then I woke
up at like 5 a.m. so it was not the best
was it Bobo she didn't like it either
because she didn't want to wake up
because he doesn't like mornings white
yeah yeah
I know okay thank you don't talk
yeah but yeah boo boos this goes this we
have it up say thank you so much for
watching
strap on today and and guys thanks Pat
see you tomorrow okay
feed my legs
silver guys love you
