hahaha would you look at that good
morning every single sooner without
going to the dry road right now with my
love Lauren she is one of my best
friends in the entire world and I'm also
with my real best friend in this entire
log ba ba ba ba ba okay okay we look at
the camel please elbows big yeah anyway
so we are going to explore a party store
because there's this store kind of I
where I live it's like and it's like
cool because it's like a giant party
store and it says like the biggest
ultimate party gifts and supplies and
I'm going to go get stuff to make a
unicorn cake but um after dressed
something look at my shirt today it's
double trouble I don't know if you can
see it I'll know a better outfit of the
day but it's my double trouble shirt but
my two best friends I love best friends
in this video are my two bad guys Lisa
and Lana and they send it to me it's
from the new collection so so Debbie why
not makes you guys check it out because
I love them so much and they are awesome
and you need to check out their clothes
because it's actually really cute really
comfortable I literally got it in the
mail yesterday and like open up put on
today literally in love with it like I'm
obsessed so thank you recently afford so
much love you guys but yeah record to
explore the sporty stores I'm actually
excited and we brought her with I don't
know why we brought you with but okay
spike here okay it's okay
oh there are no I brought her with you
though just just cuz she can drive
that's the only way she's coming today
fine the truth venture is revealed
oh also today I would like it to be
noted that it does 108 degrees out why
why yeah and I'm also this is a struggle
going to it's called Oz I don't know so
I go with my luck I'm gonna walk in here
and they're gonna have something Jojo
literally you don't even know look
at this I want it and this is what I see
we're dying so I walk in I'm like oh
wait wait wait wait what why I wasn't
planning this like I guarantee I was not
planning this but like for real come on
come on
come here Bobo I'm gonna try to somebody
I want one
what is that boys but what do you think
you look you in this little cowgirl hat
won't you well hey oh you're fine you're
fine you're being rash oh my goodness oh
my job Bobo I love you turn off window
man really good buying things
scary dude is like a slow until why when
you make an extra extra extra small
I guess cute and tiny teacup Yorkie they
get out book ball one
yeah well this happened but I'm sorry
you don't get one you can have a kisser
oh you want my wig
yeah well this happened we got new
hairdos we look so vehicle mine actually
has a bow in it and we're doing a
challenge I can see you can wear this
longer
it's at least ready itchy this is really
edgy - looks good
I put mine like out of the curls and I
actually pretty cute Mac a lot I guess
really I could just rock anything can I
I can't pin well we've all kind of
agreed we're gonna get at the same time
one two three
one-eyed okay the camera died so I'm on
a new camera but really quickly I want
to cut to this clip of last night
because the blogging schedule was
written so I didn't get a post
yesterday's vlog but it was really just
traveling that was boring because I
forgot to vlog but on the way home it
was really cool because once we finally
got back to our house because you go
opens lieutenant forever so I want you
to see that right now are you guys we're
home because we go from Rodolfo Hey
oh my goodness oh my goodness I missed
you so I can't let you jump because you
run crazy run your house oh my goodness
I miss you
