on Nickelodeon in the US my special
Jodeci well my world is going to air yes
nothing is good more engines every
single souvenir is out there in this
entire world how you guys doing today my
lighting is not goals right now because
I am walking in the hallway there we go
now for gold I'm good more into
everything else do an edit within this
entire road I can go today
Oh more gold anyways we are going to a
really good today we're going to the
Empire State Building which I don't
think I've ever been to so that's pretty
cool go on there for some press cheering
awesome
I'm excited she's excited it's gonna be
great you're gonna like it
we got a sprinter v UJ barely Empire
State Building it's actually pretty
crazy I've never been to the Empire
State Building before fun fact if you
don't know this in New York a lot of
places you put your number in and then
it puts an elevator and in the elevator
there's no buttons whatsoever it's
really crazy like really is neither side
there's no one either sound what
literally no one it's crazy
it's literally crazy Oh watch wait do it
again
so we're going all around 18 line then
we're gonna get off and draw on another
elevator motivation right now
this is crazy this view is crazy but
it's a little scary look at you like 30
I don't like it it's cool though it's
really cool I love it but it's scary
so don't like it Adrienne it's just a
little high I don't know if you can tell
but it's very high up crazy oh wow
that is baby it's literally so cool like
I love you can see but way over there
like right bearish that's the Statue of
Liberty
that's yours I get she's so cool what do
you think of it I think it's absolutely
good if I didn't know we're even
neither did I I'm not a redneck in a
room like oh yeah like oh it's so cool
oh yeah great you ready for this
ah so scary to do but it was so worth it
when you're at the top of the Empire
State Building and you didn't know you
were coming up here today I well when
walking out we're leaving just so cool
up here that was so pretty I had to
change it up too much I just took the
jacket off right do you want my mom's
all of it they were coming here today
like I'm gonna die not that I'm not do
it so well we're done here at the Empire
State Building and we're leaving and
we're going to go somewhere else where
we going
I don't know remember we'll find out
what is this fun I came in tonight tape
room um what else this is pretty cool
actually a very cool book it did boom
boom gotta get my hair fix it Diana's
fixing my hair I don't know what you've
done what are you doing back there koala
wait oh nice typical we're about to film
some awesome stuff in here it's going to
be great they're telling people were to
go I don't know where people is let's go
it's going to be awesome
that was fun up in there but now I don't
know where we're going next okay now
this building is really cool this
building is the Seventeen magazine
building and it's really fun no other
people are staring at me right now
because I'm a cloud interaction volume
but it's long and glittering with cool
water time but it's very Seventeen
magazine so that's pretty cool magic oh
we're upstairs on the 11th or to the
second New York elevator whoa surround
the pigs and get a fort
this is our studio that we are shooting
in right now we got lots of lights
everywhere and my favorite look at we
got a pink background look at this is
what professional YouTube videos I
supposed to look like wait a minute wait
a minute oh man look like a beauty guru
with this background no but for real
um we just got done filming it was great
check it out it'll be coming soon I
don't know I'll let you know when I know
what yeah I love you guys I was Oh black
midnight okay we're back at our hotel
and I have to tell you guys something
really fun so as a lot of you know I was
doing a big press junket today and by a
lot of you I mean everyone who's watch
this vlog so far but now I have to tell
you pretty much what those are is videos
go to nasty questions and they're like
the stuff that you see in like magazines
like try to be June 14 like all those
fun magazines that's where that comes
from and so I thought that would be a
good idea to actually sit down with you
guys and you never really find out this
stuff for me so I'm going to be fun to
sit down with you and tell you kind of
what's going on in my life so you don't
know on August 12 it's going to be a
huge day for me on Nickelodeon in the US
my special children see where my world
is going to air that can be really cool
because it's like all about my
performance at Malta merica that I did
so that leading up tonight's the
rehearsals to that it's the behind the
scenes of that it's the my life at home
before that it's really cool and it's
really fun and so like all that stuff if
you've been following the vlogs for
awhile when I was filming at my house
definitely was right there's my mom
scoff in the background but that's what
we were doing when we were there and so
it's really cool you guys have gotta
love that it's on August 12 I'm so
excited for it's going to give you like
a behind the scenes on my life you're
going to love it
I'm gonna love it it's going to be great
the next thing that's going on in my
life is that I just announced today that
I'm doing a new TV series called
lipstick shorties it's lipstick battle
which is a very popular show but now
it's the kids version so I'm going to be
Nick Cannon who is hosting it I'm going
to be his sidekick on the show so our
current co-host so it's gonna be really
cool gonna get away with Nick Cannon if
you don't know who he is makes you ask
your parents and they will look like
they love him they know him great he was
on America's Got Talent he is so cool he
is an icon like he is amazing and I'm so
excited to work with him it's gonna be
so fun but yeah
literally so excited for that show my
book is coming out in October which is
so soon so if you want please hopefully
order my book it is called JoJo's guide
to the street life I'm so excited for
that that can be really fun um a lot of
you know I was just in Canada and so I
was just filming a movie called inside
boys that will be coming out in early
I'm so excited played back Wow what up
Oh in the UK in the UK is gonna be my
first ever UK performance I'm performing
at slime fest in Blackpool in October
it's going to be awesome I'm performing
six times so make sure you get your
tickets for that at Nick deco you can
flush find fest yes I know that link by
heart
Oh God what else is happening so much is
happening what yeah I told them about my
book but the biggest thing right now is
that this special is coming out Jodeci
oh my well I'm so excited about August
12 on Nickelodeon so make sure you watch
that is going to be awesome I love it so
much and I hope you guys are going to
love it but now it's time to wrap it up
in tonight so cut to a new clip all
right you guys well that is all and a
happy today that is a wrap on today but
I have to go ya know that's really good
yeah yeah yeah under damn hunter damn
hunter damn hunter damn hunter damn
hunter
oh okay we survived a hundred and the
blondie I've done a hundred days editing
the hurt is ragin can you feel it
Oh boom boom boom boom boom yeah you can
feel are you today like I don't like
just do tomorrow down under no one well
you
