okay so I just got the word that I can
show you this summer
oh well good morning every single Ziva
NATO is out there this entire world my
mom is here in the khaki count with me
we are in New York and it's going great
in America I can pop with unbilled Papa
guys back in America anyways
guess where we're going ready guess
guess wait gasps where are we going oh
they didn't get it they didn't get it
okay actually dig it though because you
saw the thumbnail and the title of this
video but I'm still going to tell you I
did it we are going to the Jojo
headquarters it also known has hgr
accessories those are the people who
make the bows but we're going to the
Jojo Bo headquarters is what I like to
call it so that's where we're going
right now them so excited are you
excited we're going to go find out what
the headquarters are like I've been
there before but you're going to find
out and it's gonna be great and you're
going to like it and it's going to be
awesome it would be happy and we're just
going to go see what happens at the
jojomo headquarters okay look it look it
look it so awesome here like literally
just walk or anything
look at this wall of a fugitive ugh this
is only a few of them this is not all of
them but look at this it's crazy years
oh my look it look it JoJo's dude got
more dough desserts
fuck you look at this one to the eunuch
are back I wanted someone in color your
own you can color on that one it's so
cool the original Jojo Bo I could have a
Jojo Bo before okay so I just got the
word that I can show you this that what
I'm sorry I did because I wanted to show
you the headquarters it looks perfect
I didn't notice yet so now I'm actually
going to explain what is happening so
right now we're at AG our accessories
headquarters these right there
h er out of a detail h er is the creator
of the original Jared oh so now they're
for kind of the jojoba headquarters or
it I'm just saying I can kind of
consider it that anyways sure is what is
happening right now what
in their little showroom and agra hope
you can tell because the lighting but
original jersey Wawa original jojoba
wall and then just up made a okay so
look at this damp all these cool things
here it is awesome in all of these cool
both here and the original donor bow in
my face every wanted me UK just just so
awesome i just have so much in the hair
what get enough in this room with me are
some very important people so this is
Jaime is very honorable versatile George
okay go back a long long long way and
why my back better year but yet better
loves you know that Juliana and that's
Jennifer they are awesome like literally
to these people are why this is a thing
so literally they are a huge deal my
life turns up on me okay I'm just going
to go off in off the big are you okay
okay the star of the show
I want to be famous I want to be out
there she would you tell me that I'm
trending so please press with me okay
trend with me thank you
hashtag hi me there you know I like
seriously this is just so amazing these
people are so awesome the headquarters
are just so fun here I love it so much
we got to do some new things that you
don't get to see haha but no for real
like I can't even explain to you this is
unbelievable it's so amazing heaven it's
literally heaven and offered you you're
going to die with some of the new things
that are coming out it's unbelievable
like literally they're just show many
cute things you don't even understand
okay did calm down did you calm down you
calm down but anyways I will see you
guys very soon I don't know where I'm
going to be I said yesterday that I'm
going to stop saying where I'll be
because I'm never right to all see you
somewhere yeah look at last time I
didn't have a thing and
and now I have a thing I feel so offered
okay we really are leaving go now okay
so some of you might not know this but
one of my favorite things to do in New
York is on official island of really
crazy
okay by hotel room loop really right now
we're gonna go get something apart we're
going look Ali do you masca where you
got to go down there take a right and go
to block now we're gonna have food in
this big old belly getting abilities
like music but so we're gonna have to
prove it
chill my brother but I'm not gonna lie I
feel like when I vlog people just look
at me like I'm a crazy person like they
really just think that I'm insane and
talking to a camera but they don't know
that you guys are the world No
Oh
yes worth a snap junk food yeah don't
understand how one places food can be so
good we only had French onion soup and
basically fold but we got a salad coming
at 8:00 coming um what okay coming
pressure never
oh dude coma coma alright well we are
back at our hotel and I need just clear
something up with you um I am tired I'm
in a food coma and it is about like 4:00
a.m. my time because I'm coming from
London time so let me get so much today
I had a great day visiting the Joe DeVoe
headquarters hahd are accessories but
it's really the Joe Sabo headquarters
let's be real and then we went to Mass
rose and so yeah okay I love get so much
ensued
