well good for you - everything's doing
it who is out there in this entire world
hiding under the good glad to hear it
die anyways I am on set today so that is
where I am is my little judging room
area this is like outside area it's not
really outside though I can't show you
the studio because I don't know if I'm
allowed to but I just wanted to say good
morning ask you how you're more enjoying
my morning doing great I woke up today
and I was actually like full of energy
like recently I've been waking up and
I've been kind of tired I woke up and I
was like I'm awake like life was great
anyways something to sad is we're
leaving the UK tomorrow which is really
sad but good news is we're going to New
York so that should be really fun and
then after that was going back home to
California so what I didn't go to be
awesome pretty soon
anyways I just wanted to give you an
update of my life see how you're doing
but I'm not going to see you for a while
now because I have to go back to set and
I have to go spell after work and get
the job done so I'll see you in a little
bit well that is a wrap I got gum to my
mouth I got my YouTube hoodie on I'm
going to sneak out and show you a little
bit because they tore motion it down um
but yeah this is river filming today
very nice all the people were awesome it
was a great day today but now see you in
the car
oh yeah well when I said the car yeah we
got back to the hotel I've been chilling
like a villain and I have been hanging
out I have to pack though and my stuff
is everywhere from the YouTube video
that I filmed on my main channel so
please go check that out for me because
it created a mess like I don't know if
you can tell it's just a mess plus the
video is very funny so go check that out
anyways I do not want to also too I'm
going to warn you I'm probably going to
be wearing that is jacket we're like the
next maybe like five days in a row so
just ignore it
I'm gonna look like this in every shop
but I love it it's brand new it's
YouTube look at that
yeah um but so yeah I'm gonna be wearing
this a lot just embrace it you know
having begged one thing since I last saw
you and it's about three and a half
hours but it's vine like the morels fun
cause it was like
hours later but kind of all right you
guys know to wrap up this night tonight
I'm going to do something that I've
never done and it was a popular trend on
the internet but I missed it when it was
a trend time so I would do it now doing
this a blackhead pilaf seed nesting and
I heard it hurts I don't know why I'm
doing this it's called YouTube YouTube
is a shape um so I'll wash my face you
know my makeup off but then I'm going to
do this and myself because that's what
this thing it does so uh yeah this is
happening right now
yeah I just put this thing on and my
face is getting cold and looking very
awkward like not gonna lie I just look
awkward like it's just weird I just like
feel really awkward but now I'm gonna
wait 20 minutes ish and then I'm going
to see you and I'm going to take this
really gross thing off and I feel like
it's really gonna hurt so employers
Lerner and dry and run weird and it's
time to pull it off so don't do it
no no no did you feel about it ah
oh it doesn't hurt uh-uh
what's the fun in them all right
I mean they don't work well I just scrub
my face um it didn't really work like I
thought it was going to which is kind of
depressing but it's okay
I'm not going I'm Russian what you I
haven't hit a lot so no seriously
shortbed wrong with you go to bed so if
you break one of my nails I will go to
the face of the world I will drag you to
the photography so what we do for fun
what kind of fun is then go ahead Joe
Joe Joe that is not gonna help you today
say you know what Raja
I love you so much that's a wrap on
there yeah Wow
