yeah get more every single senator who
is out there this entire world hi
answers a good Glen here anyways if you
didn't know you would pricing eminent
house I jungle but I'm really not
I'll show you where I'm at let's show
Mom let's show I am in photoshoot studio
and a promo studio and a gallery studio
I don't really know what the technical
word of the studio is but I am in this
studio and we were doing some filming
today some lines and some fun things so
it's going to be great
not like a show or anything but just
some like on-air stuff that I could
you'll see in the commercial breaks it's
gonna be cool and you're like ah alright
we are in London in the car ripping
driving rolling just rolling it throwing
a party we are headed to get food from a
place that we don't know where we
honestly we don't know where we're going
we got in the cart and we're like we got
nothing
we literally have no blue everything
like we got in this car and we're like
they were just driving it somewhere that
happens sometimes what kind of foreign
country
yes it does begin where we are and like
I said we have no clue where we're going
but when they just drop us off and look
at right there is the YouTube space in
the UK it's so cool that is all
can we go there yes we showed you just
state of store what this whole time I'm
on the road we going
I'm not going to videoing I can have
like white videoing and then look up and
it's a Harry Potter run shot
it's Harry Potter's platform 9 and 3/4
or in the station which is store
we can go ahead and we're going on and
then I have the time where you can run
in and pretend you're like going through
the wall so now I was kids coming full
circle so they let us off early don't
you tell me a job and then go little not
getting good we're going back okay so
again we do you can - yeah we're
searching yeah I'm gonna eat more yeah I
was wondering as like in there ordered
catering like why would we like go get
food but dude it is so cool gotta grab
my team colors I'm on Gryffindor what
are you she doesn't even know okay it's
fine so another thing that happened
while you're here which is really cool
is I'm going to sneak out and show you
this it just like this little like photo
thing it's like a 9 and 3/4 thing it was
really cool so check that picture I'll
put it right there no idea if you
picture I was flying I can't lie that
was awesome but we still didn't find
Harry little confused but I did find
these cool glasses but you guys make
event so good that's pretty cool this
store is actually very cool
I'm very happy with this a very cool
YouTube closed well that was really cool
I got some YouTube goodies do too close
that's cool
I'm happy but we're going to go ahead
back to set have some lunch and life's
going to be great I was all changed up
because we actually refinish and we're
out today but now we're going on a bus
tour now we're doing the bus driven s
how many what that's fun free so we go
to the bus do I look guys look at this
judges and they also gave us bows all
over this before they're wrote it he
goes the back went off walk it off way
back there there's a lot of other people
here that I'm watching it is very fun
we're sitting in right virginians like
the first time ever I honestly I don't
know where to go so I'll see you in a
row upstairs
you guys mixed up an officer did our
tour guide driving so you wanna give up
hi we made our first stop we stopped
here which is where Princess Diana
actually got married which is really
cool
so I'm gonna go check that out how cool
this is like that angle is just so cool
this building it's unbelievable it's so
cool it's so big like on it back and
there's a really cool statue right there
what do you think of it you think it's
cool great people love talking to me so
there's a really big door up there and
I'm going to go see it I know if you can
tell but that's why 20 of me stacked up
no involved it's okay I'll come back
later I'll try again later
but like for real it's so old which is
like a good thing and it's like so
ancient so good unbelievable it's so
cool what do you think of it beautiful
why'd you think that what you think of
it what do you think what you think
what do you think what do you think what
do you think what do you think of course
of course can we be on my blog
alright look at their bow I love it I
spent two little cuties there you go Q 2
Q 3 and Jojo bow don't take make sure so
now we're getting back on the bus so
resume that cool time-lapse
you guys look and I'm about to turn this
around but right there is Big Ben look
at that so cool
Ben is very big pour off the bun and the
necklace each just weird I can't
Alice do you think great great
conversation like I said people love
talking to me you know but like for real
is actually in the plane like upset like
oh it's just like so cool okay there's
one of the guard and there's another one
over there oh my lord so I just got home
and my camera is also about to die
switching batteries it's a mess my
camera's been dead
i sat down sewing Saturday's video for
my main channel and my room was a hot
mess like it was a mess all over here
because it needed even if it nearly
divorce right now I have no charge
camera battery so I'm going to charge
them all and I'll be back to you
