today we are starting with Diane today
we're starting the day off right
I am going to be on a really big top
show in the UK this morning I'm super
excited it's like diversion of Good
Morning America if using UK you know
what it is but yeah I'm so excited it's
going to be a great day and try to show
you a little bit but I don't know what
I'm allowed to show you but right now
we're in the green room Diana's here my
Madre is here we're filming it's great
it's going to be an awesome day today so
anyways we just wrapped up on the show
it was really fun pretty awesome and now
I'm gonna head out to know what we're
going to do though next though but I bet
you're going to know in like one second
well would you look at that look at us
in the car driving summer we're driving
to the Nickelodeon offices who we might
go get some food before that because we
are hungry and it is food time here I
mean it's like one it's literally just
now exactly 1 o'clock go me I'm proud of
myself anyways we're going to go get
some food is there was a really good
fishing trip place we might venture that
way but anyways we got a lot of friends
in the car I mean chill and hang it out
so on a party in here not really we're
just kind of sitting here actually where
else oh it was so pretty we're actually
I'll try not to fall asleep and no one
talked down to the brain it's a race
issue yeah it's chilly
I am yeah neon Alenka yes hi I'm Joe
Giudice creature come on a lot of people
liked it when you said you orange eating
so could you please say where we're at
right now in a British accent
buh-bye hoping use Popeye right what I
really hope is for you think officially
called puppies like puppies like a puppy
with a PC me and with a Popeye I don't
know I get a lot lunch should be done so
cute to be here how every little drink
comes in a bucket
tink so much very large bottle Wow look
at that Gus I was going to say we could
look at this and then look at us
Wow look at this we are back in our
hotel room my mom is over there on the
couch playing on her phone
I took my little jacket off as you can
tell and I'm about to play some cards
with my mom you're not going to see that
because that is boring for you to watch
but it's going to be fun for us so what
you're about to see next is our food
that we ordered when it gets here it's
probably gonna be here in about 20 or so
minutes but for you it's going to be
here in like one second watch it well
I'm not going to lie I am the world's
worst youtuber and I forgot to show you
our food so that's all what are you
doing I'm not going to be a tickle fight
I'm gonna be it for you and take a lot
okay I wanted to have a tickle fight
really really I'm going to get some
cheat I'm going to get some cheese lovey
I want to get some Tina never use it
we're going to fancy some tea time no
but for you're actually going to get tea
time I'm know any time before I don't
know what a limit I've never had G I've
never had to take things I don't know
I'm just it's going to be very a new
experience for me how do you feel so
excited she's excited I'm excited we're
all excited that means it's great I'm
really not going to lie my British
accent is getting quite strong like I am
just talking in a solid British accent
then it's very funny like in my recent
Georgia she said I just said you'll hear
it go watch and you will hear it it's
actually very but now I gotta go get
trees what time okay it's also improper
here there's a whole bunch of
Nickelodeon executives so I don't want
to blow
we like I have to show you that it's so
cute look at this it's literally the
cutest thing ever
I love it so much for real that's all
I'm going to film right here because
it's really cute and I just want go
enjoy this with all these including
people so I'm guessin see ok I lied I'm
pleading like zero down here because
it's really cute but I'm going to show
you it also will show you it over there
just any kind of nonchalant this is one
of my favorite things they're so little
like put in it and try to be nonchalant
it's just going a little overboard
Mac and I I'm also the only giveth under
titi here this is my drink
don't worry doesn't have alcohol in it
but isn't very good it's basically like
right with peach we just got the
solution it's literally occasionally the
cutest thing ever you have to see this
so it's like little stones up there and
then little spinner to the little jams
and cute little table looks cute
I got my tea and it's so much strawberry
macaroon makes me you aware a coffee and
a dream after class it's like a tiramisu
we have our raspberry part
based around producers five-tiered dr.
klimkew militates is the reason why me
and in the middle we have our signature
case to our fourth course to finish up
we had that Victoria sponge cake with
the pressure drop
oh you guys those tea time is over but
now we're going to pick one of those
really cute taxi cabs with a really
excited look at you today
I don't think you understand how excited
I actually I'm okay I'm gonna get it off
of it I'm so excited right now
yeah back in the hotel room
Becca Oh back out again with the white
shadow oh wow okay I'm gonna hide right
now anyways I have to go edit what are
you gonna go to my favorite outfit
I'm going to edit in write chatter
engine know what I'm gonna do what maybe
tantrum joe aiello you know judo dojo
it's not gonna fight for you to take a
walk
