Hey good morning I've entering the vlog
today it's been a really long time since
I've entered the vlog but we're here
we're in the UK and it's raining out
today it's lovely here though everything
is really historical and fun today we
have another mangry changing the train
and we're going back to it and it's
going to be super fun jojo's and hair
and makeup now and we'll see you guys
maybe on the train
1 hour later alright that was a long
time since I've seen you actually I
haven't seen you at all today only my
mantra has meaning I talked about
according to every single student that I
wrote it oh boy here we go we're going
to redo the intro good morning every
single demon who is out there this is
how I won Hagan sorted I could glad to
hear anyway we are at the train station
right now in Birmingham sure that'll
work and worry about the head over to me
great for today but first we're going to
go somewhere get some food do something
I really know what we're doing but we're
going to go somewhere and get something
done and live our life and live the day
and party all night a few inches later
we have a bigger entourage today than we
did yesterday we have a lot of people
with us a lot of people up there of
people back there the whole production
and now we're about to go into another
creepy elevator we're heading to the
meeting Drita and I have to tell you all
something oh boy there's a lot of people
whole crowd of it
actually that the old narrator got tired
of waiting and they had to hire a new oh
my what a night Wow as you can tell this
is clearly a while later I mean I know
the Spongebob thing just told you but
I'm telling you to have a look at
telling you to right now that it's a
long time later today was so fun the me
agree was amazing
but that acted agree it got a little bit
of a hot mess and I'm going to explain
you what happened and I'm also going to
explain to you why you didn't get to see
any of it so the beer it was great right
so I 250 people it was awesome but we
were running behind so we were running
late so I wanted to get to all the
people yet so I stayed after but I had a
hard out at 3:30 which means like I had
to leave because we had to catch a train
did it actually get out so until 3:45 so
we were already rushing so now we have a
whole Nickelodeon team that's with us
here in the UK and they were like we're
going to go early to the train we're
going to take all your bag and they left
some of our bags like they left my
backpack my mom's purse but they were
like we're going to take your suitcases
and we'll grab a few of your things and
I was like ok great thank you so much
we'll see you there so we leave them
angry at 3:45 we're running to our car
the cars to go all the way around to get
to the train station that's like a block
away they had to go like 5 miles so
we're running through the train station
we're running to the car we're running
away and uh yeah we missed the Train
literally we got there in the train just
started moving like we saw Italy like it
was so annoying so then we finally 20
minutes later caught another train now
that train was going to stay in place
but I got to the train and I got on and
I sat down I was like taking out my
camera I think someone took it from
Nickelodeon and they were like oh um do
you have it and they kept asking like
other people know it oh shah has and i
was like where's Rochelle and they were
like oh they said Charlotte someone had
it and I was like oh we're there and I
knew they weren't on the train so I was
like well yeah and they ended up taking
the train that was supposed to leave
when we were supposed to go on it like
they took action and we took the later
train so basically we took a later train
but I didn't get my camera so I didn't
get to tell you this horror story while
I was on the train and while it was
actually happening I wasn't gonna vlog
on my phone but that footage just
doesn't turn out very well so I was like
you know I'll just explain when I get
back home
it was hilarious I was like dying
laughing we're just running through the
train station it was terrible
then I took a nap on the train literally
I literally slept on my mom's leg I was
so tired but that is my train a horse
story it was very scary boo boo boo boo
no but literally that is my train horse
story it's okay that we got you in back
to hotel but now free lei I have to go
to bed because I have to get up pretty
early for her and make up so that's a
wrap on today let me get so much general
see you tomorrow
