well good morning everything else a
minute who is out there this entire
hygienic good good here anyways today I
got the day started off really good by
going into hair and makeup getting miss
fancy dude oh and check it out I am
about to get my hair and makeup done and
I come in here and my favorite person
Diana she does my hair and makeup she
has some crazy things laid out I got to
show you look at this I mean I think
we're putting that one in my hair today
but still pretty cool
I got another London shirt on and
there's more friends over there that are
here life could be great today
now that that's all done and I got my
hair this update excuse you suitcase we
are at a train station and there's a lot
of people here there's a schoolteacher
there's security there's a fleet there's
a mom there's a hair and makeup artist
there's a Jojo there's two more
Nickelodeon people that there's a lot of
people here this is micro strain
whatever wait wait I've never taken a
train before Burrell is a very
interesting experience I don't want to
know your environment when you were
little we took on in Chicago
Oh No and you cried the whole time devil
golf venue a soccer Paris we're really
not going to Katrina to be honest I
didn't know like taking a trainers like
this much of a thing like I didn't know
that it was like oh I didn't think a lot
of people did it but that's because we
don't in the States but it's clearly a
thing here I mean like she's dead
they're telling me that we gotta go to
platform three but me and Diana are
going to platform 9 and 3/4 yeah urinary
bottle and we're going to Hogwarts not
gonna lie a little mad slash that
because these chains do not look like
the trains that are in Harry Potter
they're not just a look at they look
like fancy new and modern I wanted ride
on a Harry Potter train and there's a
really cool we all have like this table
I'm gonna show you so we got like a wolf
educable a little bit Diana a whole 50
cable their fancy table right there for
easy access make a lot of fancy tables
out dancing what's going on to this
removing screwing and yes I got a phone
that I will mostly it has a headphone
jack and I'm really thinking that
another Bluetooth on I just doubled up
like Wrigley's two hours later two-hour
train ride is coming to it and okay Anna
Sarah Jesus says the movie is playing
Harry Potter is fake
damn fine man you air is clearly fake
what's all over yesterday and today and
kind of fine we have not found Mary
Poppins would you look at that all back
in the car after the train ride my mom
is here losing a cool teacher hurt me
security drivers yeah it's over Duncan
you know we got we got everyone here
Dede you know party time now we're
headed to the oh look at that
I'm auctioning stuff wow that's magical
our kin oh we're leaving right now so
this mall is actually insane we're going
to get Mike that time to look at this
I'm all is crazy
well this is something that not a lot of
people get to see the back areas of the
mall consist of a lot of boxes as you
can tell right there and also a lot of
trash cans a big one there bang going
back on over here over here over there a
lot a lot of trash cans everybody the
one right here you get it cuz I'm a
trash can hahaha also a lot of creepy
elevators putting is up here to Timeline
hopefully no one
and we just look at that look at us back
in the hotel room but now we're in a new
hotel room and I changed up because we
have a beautiful view that's not why I
changed out there I came out because
we're going to go get some dinner
we need to dinner with all the
Nickelodeon people so I'm sorry I'm not
gonna fail there but I will see you when
we're back at the hotel you're going to
see this exact same shop but probably
some different lighting in three two one
Wow would you look at that okay guys I'm
done for the night I love you so much oh
that drove on today's bean
