you want to go okay Yuri upside down so
my lord yeah oh man what up good a
guy's good I guess I'm glad to hear that
in my house right now what are we in
Reverse a boy we're here for the Kids
Choice Awards on the 24th you guys are
gonna see it on Nickelodeon you know all
your facts I am a proud actually done
with their hoods arm check out my buddy
my brother got this rumbling great
groovy uh kicked me into shape basically
he's you're sweating yeah more than that
yeah it's gonna be a great oh that's am
like them you're new here welcome of
course teacher how they have their key
to the backpack dance we got Kali and we
got dude we got Tom we got guys oh boy
we just matched up rehearsals wow look
at me I'm a fancy lawyer and I actually
did a time lapse in my rehearsal uh uh
what so check out this guy loves and
then I will catch up with you in about
four seconds I'm smart I knew it was
gonna be four seconds how did I know
that I'm just a genius all right we're
leaving rehearsal right now I do we have
a good day it was literally just me and
God today cuz your secret handshake
that's place
all right anyone who can do that
actually though we do need to go I've
got you ladies suppose my guys tonight
me and Diana need a know we're showing
up at your class dojo she was literally
not even that tall she was like I'm not
going to die under my shoulder height
and I saw her a week later except for
the magical place called the Grove
Avenue explain the globe it's like this
big outdoor shopping tourist is more
mature Trexler they think once you kind
of get into the nitty-gritty let's get
down to the nitty-gritty let's get this
show on the road Q&A we're up but
basically once you get down to it like
they have actually really good stories
you like we're going to moist rooms like
that the boys are going to thank you of
course
nice to meet you don't know me that was
but that's okay I'm gonna do like nice
shoes you look here so hopefully they
have shoes because I suppose I heart
rate well I don't have to go but I am
going to I Heart Radio Awards where are
they Sunday that have anything where so
so we're on a mission for Bob I think
I'm going with these where I already
feel like um
come alone Gucci glasses okay I am
actually getting those resins like get
it yeah we're gonna wait I already
remembered I was joking around with the
other one specially getting those ones
do you like my glasses dad Bujji fire
like crazy I don't know what is Bob home
and I was like you know I put these
glasses on every some reason what I put
them on I have this weird accent so you
know I figured we'd have them we'd have
an interview with my glasses and my
accent crystal glasses problem Michael
I'm a geek with no dad I didn't bring
that design for the design of door is
everyday
it's called Michaels and there was my
crown stars that I'm adorable what is
the
it's called micro cracks are you should
go check it out sometime
Oh down on eight the maple down a the
maple the other night um no screws no
Street my sex play 14g by kristin
chenoweth the girl in 14g local you
can't move you don't remember the Scylla
not at all this moment the only has to
deal with 24/7 play the greatest show oh
my gosh the greatest show by Hugh
Jackman kela 7 Zac Efron
zendaya and the greatest showman
ensemble bars on volume 10
12 seconds later by Hugh Jackman kela
settle there deleverage zendaya and the
greatest showman ensemble
the other side but I'm Japanese echo
so try that something fun
marine by Jojo see one like this and
then all I couldn't find that device or
contact name
