oh good morning to everything else even
ater was out there than entire one hi
guys do that I'm currently on my bed
right now
there is a window right there which is
what I'm using for the lighting there's
a mom right there who's doing something
out of what she's doing but it's okay
big Hut I have to address something the
time difference messed us up a bit we
were up at 2 a.m. just roll the clip
well this is the joy the time difference
it is currently 2:35 in the morning I'm
up my mom's in there and she's F so it
was pretty much wide awake so I'm
showing her I'm eating some chips and
I'm going to try to fix this and go back
to bed okay and now that's all over with
I just to make a dough so I didn't go to
bed at 4 I actually stayed up for
another hour and I went to bed at 5 so
go me but anyways now I'm dressed I'm
ready it's about 12 hours later but hey
life's Jenna we're about to go out in
the UK do some food I got a cute little
UK off and on I got my UK beau red
hoodie blue pants white shoes looking
good looking fresh you know but yeah
we're gonna go out we're gonna play some
cards but you don't want to watch us
play cards because that's boring we're
gonna go out with at a party it's gonna
be great and I'm excited would you look
at that somehow we made it into Harry
Potter land just kidding we're in London
but it's literally Harry Potter land
we're walking around I don't know where
we're going I don't know what we're
doing but we're going to figure it out
because that's what we're doing but
we're literally we're literally walking
and we want we actually walked pretty
far but all their street gear this is
the cutest little thing to me they all
like diagnosed south east west that's
like my favorite thing here it is okay
we didn't warn you and you can like
drive on like any time the road it's
different here really cool there was a
pig Jackie home school so wow it's
important country literally it looks
like we're on set of a movie my mom's
writing video I tried to vlog at Diana
and try to get individual events but
like I was saying it literally looks
like it's like we're in a movie like
literally it looks like we're in a movie
this just looks really pretty with the
water fountain in the background or just
waterfall does like I
the cameras everything is common for
once a sign
hey look at who we found that no one
yeah so try and get refills but can't so
there's only one other way to do this
especially really good water so myself a
detective bridges hey I gotta do what
you gotta do hi guys I didn't do that
we're good I got results to make yeah
you would add now about five minutes
later where after you thought whoa sweet
represent out Super Mario images have
McDonald's too literally always in a
dead woman in the period literally and
as just say - Cupido comes in let's see
a diagonally walk everyone's around ago
oh okay you Rogers Mel Mel with that if
you notice I didn't say when we went to
the other restaurant that it was
destroyed because we didn't destroy the
food but that booed staff room was
destroyed recent destroyed that food are
you guys well we're in this UK candy
throw and it's very crazy they have a
lot of candy and so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to get a whole bunch of
candy I'm going to try one we're back to
the hotel so I'm throwing it to future
Georgia right now here we go got you
guys so my Madre is here and we're about
to try some of these random candies that
we found in the UK today so you pick the
first one first start easy we're going
to start with magic stars eat things
what does it say on it - roll star they
have faces on them first paper I think
it's like white chocolate we're trying
to star one day how many towards through
each other I don't want to want on first
- what did you cuz I do like five
surprises that is good okay say that
bunny giant liquid
hmm that's good we got like plop them
into our now look exactly go oh you have
butter and jelly strawberry strawberry
jelly and peanut butter and jelly peanut
butter cups with the cups of peanut
butter and the curling is the dips like
to avoid celery seeds but instead a
chocolate is gently a little big back
look it I'm gonna pick gummy mine oh oh
no free gummy might you guys what oh god
no if they're just one spittoon out
before you eat it
oh really mm-hmm what you want is a tick
it off right now let's put the dishes
guys I am so gonna like it if I take my
line just move it it's kind of like
prominent like the frosting
all right so for our next thing this one
is my favorite this is candy pencils
was it alright was it don't you have to
take the forever
ahaha oh you ate you really didn't take
the repre what is wrong with you it's
like little tiny candies well I don't
play with you oh oh I know that's it our
area there's a big girl wait if this is
a pigtail do you think I could take too
long to make a mess down
Oh God is like you lot a lot a lot
actually pretty good crashing hold you
bitch
all right see how it
wow that's inside it's not a surprise I
wait you guys see me on that yeah I
can't big night
oh what'd ya do you big my does you get
this matter you close off my locker
well why are you going to come like a
jelly on my count I don't hate it but I
don't wanna live I hope you guys like
this part if you didn't give it a thumbs
up anyways no love you guys so much
