all righty well good morning to
everything I'll see you later who is out
there in this entire world how you guys
doing today good but here I'm a little
sad day because I'm leaving Canada but
I'm really happy too because I'm going
to the UK so sad happy day for me but
look at this I am all packed up that is
a goal achieved I'm going to show you
some food though because we have a while
our slice not to like 8 o'clock our cars
taking us a bit like 5 o'clock and right
now it's only 1 o'clock so they have a
lot of time I'm going to go get food
maybe go to the store I really know what
we're doing what we're going to we're
just going to have an adventure we've
been out for quite some time today we
went to get food now we're going
shopping he got a subway for the flight
man we've done a lot today but we want
to get matching bracelets that's our
next mission we're going to try to get
on good with mine okay well I wanna
braid so she was right then I was like
let's get matching bracelets and she was
like maybe now good come on
so I'm going to convince that I'll get a
visitor to get matching bracelets
stories a very fancy schmancy store very
fancy schmancy but we did get stuff I
got this little white bracelet and she
got the same bracelet but in black and
so it like kind of trying to like just
kind of 20 but like not torn if you know
what anyone all right look at this we're
back into our hotel room I think I'm
going to end it up because I don't want
to have to do it on plane and then the
time difference is going to be different
yeah also - I got to tell you guys this
um the posting schedule might be weird
for like the next few weeks for some of
you because we're going to the UK so I'm
going to post it as convenient while I'm
there usually goes about like 10 o'clock
at night California time but now it's
going to be give them because it's going
to go up wherever it gets up UK times so
it's fine the vlogs are still gonna be
here but it just might be weird just so
you know that I'm but I gotta edit you
guys look at this and I'm a project
we're flying up British Airways for the
first time ever because I didn't yeah
their airline is all right we're through
the airport we just did all of that
meeting security but now we're going to
start to head towards gay like that I
would like to be you
a good did you change going to catch the
first time going and I'm so excited and
I'm excited because we're gonna go get
me some headphones oh sorry
failing but yeah we're going to get me
some headphones because I need to edit
and I don't need everyone on the plane
to hear what I'm editing so
I'm pleased okay it's okay Caterpie I
get hit that minute oh man I'm so
excited to go to UK right well we're
about to be on our flight in three two
Oh hurry you guys so we are on our plane
and it isn't very nice I will give you a
seat or a tray cable TV a foot rent a
big a thing a thingy some buttons a
remote a thingy a thingy thingy the
thingy and last thing nobody sees
actually goes like they've known as it's
very fancy
do you love me yeah I'm loved more than
water should touch everything on
schedule to say thank you to the Father
we're about to take off and I forgot to
mention something I'm actually writing
these backwards on this plane so like
that's the front of the plane behind me
I've never done this before it's a new
experience I like new experiences it's
so officially my favorite place because
I have crazy
what episodes I'm gonna bitch won't shut
up stuff and I am going to enjoy I'm
going to memorize I'm going to watch it
14 times it's gonna stop you know I plan
on filming a video on this play I've
been one editing I planned on making a
nacho
what am I going to do answers police now
mine we have like six hours left at the
event speak like three hours and wake up
and get stuff done but
stole anything she just woke up right
now and I actually felt like solid to
our such as it really is
so now Koh I'm going to edit expanding
to the head of it like I'm going to make
something
i'ma get cultural I chose my channel
how would you look at that there's only
one hours of the book which I'm actually
like excited like this is like a fun
play my chair was comfy the flight was
good I watched some TV gig great now
beyond this quiet just man great all
but no it was actually confused I think
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
watch that episode of Grey's Anatomy
again because then it's like 45-minute
and then like that's all
we didn't know how they just letting in
random and now we're going to be no help
Oh cable would you look at that we
landed in our hotel room our room is
actually really nice I change because I
got a big box of goodies from
Nickelodeon which I love and they're all
so cute and I was like I'm putting it on
it's an mtv shirt I love it it's great
but our room is a what's this thing
called I really has a record player and
it's all going to show you that I did
that Love My Baby Love do you know what
this song was in mom it was in my baby
video Oh
this is kind of a little different of
our room we got to draw it look Vince
cool you guys we're going to Goldfinger
not you we're going to go out and go to
a grocery store so it's electric I love
it okay so I can't film much right now
because it's very hard to vlog walk and
hold an umbrella at the same time but
this whole place just looks like Harry
Potter like literally you're never been
to London like it's so cool and do this
exactly what it looks like it's perfect
I got a shower I'm gonna be all showered
up at 3:00 Wow
magical okay so if you can't tell I'm
all showered and I'm all cleaned and
maula come feed and I'm all tired so
there's a time difference so I'm going
to bed because I need to like adjust
anyway so I'm not going to take a long
time to do this because I actually need
to go to bed anyways I'd love to get so
much and see if I
