good actual mornings every single
simulator who is out there today I am
having a party and by a party I mean I'm
writing out tomorrow's video for my main
YouTube channel so I'm doing like a get
ready with me parody type thing and it's
going to be pretty funny it's already up
as you guys know because like it is
Saturday and I just get you Saturday get
it because it's like a sketch so I'm
writing that out right now but it's
going to require a lot of work I
actually I just showered for this video
so a lot of work for a video it's
basically like Jo disease but so I'm
writing that we're going to go out today
and we're going to do some fun things
you might go shopping get a few things
see Canada is really cool because they
have a lot of different stores but also
because like those stores that they have
you know really nice so we're going to
go shopping that's going to be fun other
than that so today is just going to be a
pretty chill day which I am excited for
literally mid YouTube video and I'm
setting powder much it's the point
though you'll you'll see in the video
sorry well way later I got actually
dressed and ready and I'm done filming
how to edited yet that I haven't edited
yet that video but I'm going to do that
later tonight wow I'm actually like
really far ahead in my schedule usually
Saturday's video would be filmed and
edited on Saturday but instead of don't
going on Friday I just killed the game
bro anyways we're going to go out oh
it's raining
I might make a dent in my plans but
we're still going to go out and we're
going to go shopping a maybe because oh
why don't we go javac I mean so today my
mom came up with this brilliant idea
we're going to take the Jojo doll and
the Bobo dog and we're going to go
around and we're going to put them in
random places and take pictures of them
and that is given a real life thing but
then it has like me and Bobo and then
you know we can do what we actually have
Bobo with us we could take a picture of
me and Bobo and then the doll and the
dog yeah and like reenact it not only
fun but we're gonna have to wait to do
that for when we have Bobo actually
because you know you're a jihad but you
do
but I want to put the real role on the
real but but yeah yeah we're gonna we're
gonna okay okay okay well this is weird
so once they get a phone call this is
our last day in Canada I don't know if
they do yeah well we'll definitely we'll
definitely pray well I don't know where
I'm going to say like this right
hold on oh you're that upgrade all right
but we're it is definitely our last day
in Canada for this trip so we're going
to UK to Mars I'm so excited we
literally we were in the same store for
about an hour and a half I'm not going
to tell you what store that is but it's
ok you don't need to know anyway so
we're getting food we're like we are
starving literally starving right well
we're at the place where we've been like
1,500 times why there's a lot of people
sitting around us it's really awkward to
like stay on the top of page table ism
to really offer to vlog so I'm just feel
like Somalia very oh sorry and there's
gameplay fixes over down there past
inaudible little log cutter so we won't
worry about it but now I'm not going to
lon at dinner because series is what I
want to have a good dinner with my mom
and two is all these little serie
basically like yes you later do inches
ladle few inches later we're walking out
of this restaurant for last time for a
while and it's sad because it was such a
good restaurant but I tell you something
gaffur was destroyed whether you like it
or not I was destroyed I love that box
look at this you're gonna be so proud me
not you mom but them I got that up go me
I'm so proud of myself my bathroom it's
all packed we're leaving from sad but
it's okay because now wonder do you J
and I can't wait I'd edit like four
videos to my o literally they'll have to
edit this video yesterday's video and my
video Rangers with doing videos but got
over-exaggerated and so forth all right
you guys well that's right and tonight
because it's pretty late it's like 11:45
right now I'm so that's the rap on today
I have to go at it I have to like I just
and you just stop binge watching
toddlers and tiaras and I need to go
watch my video that I need to edit and
then I need to upload but anyway that's
a wrap on tonight a little get so a
chance you are
