you guys literally today has been one of
the best days of my life and I'll get to
tell you all about it right now it's a
little bit big before I do that um good
morning to every single Steven it with
others as I would you get the drill and
you know the idea you get what I'm
trying to say but literally for real
today has been one of the most amazing
days of my life and I'm not to tell you
why so and you guys know I posted a
video with Miranda sings and it has got
trending like it was trending all day
today on YouTube and it is my first
video that had ever gone trending on
YouTube which is so cool
and like your new version that is like a
goal achieved it got all the way up to
number six on trending which has never
happened to me before which I am like Oh
literally like it's just so cool I got
like the best feeling ever today when
that happened I was freaking out you
shouldn't see me I was on bed there the
corner it was so funny like literally I
was so excited but like I still am
excited because it's like so cool and
here you guys are really loving the
video it has over 2 million views in
less than 24 hours which is also amazing
so I'm super happy that you guys like
that video but you guys today was your
such an amazing day something that
wasn't so amazing today is that I
wrapped my movie now see the movie has
been amazing but it's sad because now
it's over for me and I'm all wrapped up
on it and is really sad I had the best
time ever it's like a good happy sad but
it's a disease I'm like no I just want
to keep going like you might not
understand but I understand what I'm
trying to say and it's like it's like
I'm really happy that I did it and like
that are so fun but like I'm so sad
because now it's over and I just don't
understand why it's over but so that's
why my day was great today I want you to
comment down below why Yoda was great
today um my day is about to get even
better because in exactly 5 minutes
we're going to go get a massage which
I'm sure excitable Union understand so
in about five seconds for you guys I'm
going to be a hot mess my face will
probably be all red my hair will be like
and it's just going to be a mess so
you're going to see that right now you
ready for this 5 4 3 2
one well-worn i Delia oh my god oh my
god that's a new one
I am literally so tired oh wow wow I
didn't almost possibly decide but I do
have to say that was probably the best
massage that I've ever gotten in my life
there's a it was show show show so good
like literally it was a million thing
and I have to go edit and I'm going to
go stock YouTube and find out what's
happening and what I missed for the day
and go watch the trending videos ha wait
hi video is changing maybe should go in
video search is that vague that J
because I've been so happy I just have
never had a video be trending before and
I just don't even know what to think of
it like it's just she's really excited I
know of really actually I'm going to go
to like find out what's going on for the
day online and edit and I'm going to
hang out and I'm going to live my life
and I'm going to have a party no just
kidding my party that I'm gonna have is
like maybe making some like mac and
cheese or something ha ha literally so
tired like can you see that goals you
know you're jealous foot well it's
pretty late at night now um but my
videos still trending which is actually
insane so I would just like to say for
real thank you you guys like this is
unbelievable like really I know earlier
I was like in the freakout mode of it
like I was like oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh my gosh
and I was like super like I knew know
what was going on and I know there's you
know part where I was like like I'll go
into the turning page oh we don't want
to get run over it is oh but that was
that was just completely a joke like
that's not what we in real life so like
for real I can't even thank you guys
enough for all your support like this is
just unbelievable this is like a big
realization moment for me it's kind of
like one of those moments that you have
we're like this is really cool or this
is really legit or this is really
awesome and those are those moments for
me so I have to say thank you to you
guys first and foremost thank you to
youtube for being such a great platform
for me that I loved and I cannot wait
for I like to continue going
I have to say thank you to my camera and
to my computer for letting me edit
videos every day thank you to my mom for
being there to support me I say you do
Colleen for being my first trending
video as Miranda um and yeah just thank
you everyone who's like supported me
throughout this like for real is really
cool this is like a big realization
moment for me but I know I said this is
the beginning of the people that I have
to thank but really my number one people
that have to thank as you guys you see
you knitters are seriously like the most
unbelievable people out there you are
just amazing I'm so happy that I am
getting to know you guys and it's just
been really fun on this vlog channel
because I get opposed to you guys every
day and trust me I know that it's been
hard these last few days because I
haven't really been able to vlog a lot
because I've been on set so it's been a
struggle
I will admit been a struggle for me it's
been a struggle for you guys I've had to
like just like talk like this for a lot
of nights because I have to come up with
something for to post for you guys
because I don't want to let you down but
the good news is is that will actually
really bad news I rapped on the movie
which is so sad I mean it's so sad don't
even get me started I cried today I was
so sad also to like focus clearly not a
thing but good news for you is is that I
am going to be able to vlog now so I'm
going to be able to vote tomorrow on the
UK in the UK I'm just kind of I'm just
going to be able to vlog everywhere
that's going to be great but the rivers
just hard because I want to give you
guys too many spoilers and I could show
you like the steps then it's just going
to spoil it so why would I do that
you're just going to wait till the movie
comes out but now that I thank you guys
for the YouTube
I honestly you guys I cannot wait for
you to see this movie if anyone from the
crew is watching this I love you guys I
know you're prime not watching this but
if you are I love you and you're awesome
but no for real you guys this week has
definitely pride in one of the best
weeks of my life I can't even tell you
and also do I just want to tell you guys
something just be happy and just live
your life and live your life to the
fullest and
be nice to everybody honestly it's the
one thing that matters and you just need
to be nice to everybody and love
everybody and enjoy everybody and be
happy for everybody there is times when
life can be hard I do know that very
easily
um but you know you just go be
supportive of everyone and like say you
go through something and there's a bad
guy and there's a good guy and there's
an angel and like there's a whole
situation just be happy for everybody
like it's it takes to like life's
difficult we all know this life is
difficult and the moment ago maybe a
teenager an adult it doesn't matter so I
can give you any advice it's you don't
know what tomorrow is going to be like
tomorrow is either going to be the best
day of your life or tomorrow is going to
be the worst day of your life or
tomorrow is going to be an in-between
day of your life
but tomorrow dolls of your last day on
the service know if I give you any
advice it would honestly be eat to just
live your life to the fullest and to
never look back and to always just be
yourself
honestly wow this is the long talk I've
been talking to you guys for about like
7 minutes now so sometimes I mean by the
time to edit it down it on 5 in like 2
minutes but you know no but really you
guys um just be happy that's the only
thing that matters in this world um for
real like I mean yesterday last night I
talked to one of my really good friends
and I just I'm so happy I can tell
yourself yeah be my one of my seniors
anyways I have to go edit this video and
yesterday's video so love you guys so
much and we will see you tomorrow
but I love you guys do not forget that
you guys are amazing thank you to
everybody who has been on the journey
with me I mean I can't even literally
discuss today sure like the best day of
my life like yesterday was like a
personal best day of my life and today
was like like almost like a ago another
personal best day my life but like it's
confusing my life is very confusing but
I'll explain it later maybe maybe in
tomorrow's video I love you guys so much
so I gotta go at it for real like I need
to I just need to go at it it's late at
night but good news I don't have to wake
up early
but I just I'm going to stop - I love
you so much I'll see you are
