goodnight every single see what it who
is others into like I was trying to say
good morning to everything else even in
hood out there is this entire universe
how you guys there's a good blood here
it is another morning in the night it is
actually like six o'clock right now but
we are just getting your day started our
day's been started since like 5:00 a.m.
literally we woke up the cult I was like
7 a.m. which is great so I was like I
didn't really vlog on Senate oh I'm
sorry but there wasn't really like I
can't win this vlog so like it's it's
hard but it's fine we don't need to
worry about it
what are going out to dinner because
we're hungry and I can actually show you
where we're going through my window so
we're going like right there that's
where we're going to dinner and it's a
really good restaurant I'm so excited
you're there and I'm not wearing a side
ponytail right now because my hair is a
hot mess but therefore I'm hungry so I'm
going to go with something and then
after I go get food I'm gonna figure out
that I just got the word that my mom is
ready to go so let's get out of here
eventually there's not really a point
where I'm vlogging right now because
we're walking out of the restaurant
because just ages is like like it just
sent it like you can lega just set a few
hours later but I just have to tell you
something
Debbie was destroy so I wanted a quick
little announcement for you guys jota's
juice on my channel yesterday was a
little bit like confusing I'm gonna tell
you why because I didn't do like that
normal Hebert want a shredder welcome
back to Jojo just one and I also didn't
get like I did into a juice at the end
and I didn't explain why I did it use at
the end the reasoning behind that is
because this video was originally not
planned to be a Jojo juice but it ended
up working on being able to post on that
Wednesday as in yesterday so I was like
you know what I'm going to explain to
you guys that gingers is not going
anywhere
I love ginger juice I'm going to keep
doing Josie's for a long time I can't
say forever because I don't know I'm
gonna be like 80 years old me like
Jenna's juice but hey you don't know MIB
no but there is like a lot of you guys
are confused you're like wait wait
where's Jojo juice this isn't Jojo juice
and I'm like guy it was just a really
fun video that
I loved and I was like I want to post it
for you guys because I think you guys
will love it and obviously it was a
video with Miranda slash I mean Killeen
obviously but like and so I was like
excited to post the video and so I was
like I think Wednesday would be a great
day to post it and Killeen fussing hoods
on Thursday and those are the days that
both worked for our channels and it
worked out perfectly so basically all
I'm trying to get out right now is that
Georgia's is not going anywhere
I never want to reduce to go anyway it
is something that I love but this week
it was just going to be a little bit
different if you know what I'm saying
like so I'm not getting rid of it
it was just a little different this week
so just fine we'll be back to normal
next week but I was like it's a cute
video I want to post it as I wanted to
post it on Wednesday so if you are over
that now I have to figure out what I'm
wearing tomorrow I can give it as a
shrug and drop it I really like it like
one of my favorite hours other Brides
this shirt it's really cute I don't know
I gotta figure out what I'm wearing
tomorrow then I'm going to edit for the
vlog for yesterday some expense and I'm
really not going to explain that and
then I'm going to go to bed then I'm
going to eat them frosting you can't
I'll forget about frosting every night I
eat frosting it is great it's my
highlight of my day literally okay I've
gotta go and it's over pack or do
something productive
