good morning to every single theater
who's out there in this entire world
Huygens was a good gun here good here
anyways we were walking downstairs it is
early in the morning at a 7:30 oh I got
food on my face yet great good to know
thank you
and it says early in the morning I am
pretty tired but I'm gonna get over it
I'm going to wake up it is gonna be a
good vlog day I'm going to wake up I'm
going to go down we're going to go to
set my tummy great two L's later so
while I'm waiting for Journal I thought
I would give you a little tour of the
trailer here in Canada it's pretty nice
actually and I think you're gonna like
it as well for riggers and sort of belt
there's our water for the maybe Red Bull
for me so later a cute little closet
with more her wardrobe her clothes her
socks her shoes her own clothes a little
place to get ready
little mere fireplace because and who
would want to spread fire and sit by the
fire while you waiting all day
jojo's goes for tonight the TV covers
little mirror so you can see yourself
and a bathroom with a shower and a
little couch that turns into a bed it's
really nice and it's really cute I don't
know probably wasn't as much energy yes
George it would have cuz you'd be like
hey who wants a trailer oh it's amazing
but really it is amazing it's really
cute and we have a couple days left here
in Canada and then we're off to the UK
we're super excited and oh we are midday
on set we just had lunch outside my lips
out loin kind of because I had a voice
slushy but this is my trailer and that's
another like I bet Taylor and
I get it finally this will become laws
oh yeah you can use them the waiting for
something anyway no anyway my cameras
I've done it but I'm not going to see
you till Rebecca's hotel know so well
look at us we're back in the hotel my
bed look so cute today look at a good
housekeeping made it make you like put
my budget on it which I thought was
really cute anyways I am going to make
food and then I'm going to go out to
dinner so now I'm making through before
I go out to dinner because there are no
rules I like will like the dinner and so
just in case I want to eat enough start
walking
yeah well I'm changed because we did our
fancy dinner and things but I'm doing
something really cool with YouTube and I
had to make a really cool backdrop so
we're in a hotel and it's not like you
and bright and fun so what more do I do
then cut a whole bunch of holes and I
blank it and put bows all over it so
that's not backdrop but like on Cameron
actually looks really cool ah but yeah
as I'm saying it looks super cool and I
actually love it so much but I therefore
have to embed my camera died in between
what I was saying and so I was like okay
we're going to like take the hair out
wash the face and then I'm going to put
my hair back up like ladies usually do
at night
take it down I brush all the hairspray
out of it then I'm going to put a bag of
nova energy I got the wrap on today logo
so much it
