oh look at this you are getting some
more food read this new restaurant is
called Joey's right Joey Joey Joey Joey
is that Joey and it's going to be pretty
good it sounds really good
so we're going to find out is good 20
minutes later I'm definitely in the
world or just food coma right now but
that was these dry like always get out
it was it was so good I can't even tell
you it was amazing
well I'm Ally later I don't know if you
know this but the boys are leaving today
so what I did I love you I love you so
far don't worry I love you and your
smoked salmon I love you oh I love you I
love you thank you arm ugh okay bye dad
love your father I have a hug I love you
to me I love you bye okay Eleanor
delivered BYE MOM I love you it's been
fun
all right let's go
you know the guys I love you buddy
well well I was slightly sad but hey the
boys are gone now so we're gonna go
shopping I think we're gonna head over
to Lululemon that's right there oh do
something much cooler I don't know what
I did to it but it really hurts like
really bad so I might have to figure
that out too
it's just it's good her knees like the
past three four days and it really hard
to pretty bad anyways oh we're going to
go Lulu Lemon I need short I might go
look at a future car and Tesla oh and
it's just so bad it's like not even
funny how that I would Midd store I
decided that I want to go get stuff that
I can't really get on an everyday basis
no no souvenirs like a special thing
that I will remember not like a pair of
black shorts not like I'm another Hitler
you know I mean we could go get Tesla
souvenir I'm part of that how do we get
it home FedEx FedEx contrive anything I
said UPS have anything to do in jail
your beard is most perfect feel like all
of the cards and Canada like you don't
see any nice cars on the road I don't
know why I feel like that but you just
you just feel like you never see it
several bad puns Leigh look at it we
walk in we have noise drums at home
right but like not not like this we've
never seen a noise I was crazy big like
this was some glucose six and a half
hours later oh my lord I'm so sorry you
guys tonight was a me night I know I'm a
daily vlogger I shouldn't take me
tonight if you know what I'm saying but
tonight was just a me night and I got a
massage and I got my hair done and I
what L said is I did a lot so just
things for me and so I just needed a
break I was like I love you guys so much
you are my world but I was like you know
what 14 years old it's a me night inside
to me night but I'm not going to have a
meeting tomorrow where me day is an
accident with me today is the next day
so be tuned because it's going to be
great and also two last thing is that I
know these vlogs have been pretty short
recently but I can guarantee you once we
are in the UK and once you're in New
York and once we are in
back at home that I will be able to show
you more things the issue is is that I
can't show you anything because I can't
do what I'm doing extra so it's out what
I'm doing I'll tell you about it trailer
I'm gonna tell them about what we're
doing tomorrow anyways because I can
tell you more cuz it's going to be
publicly out which is super exciting um
yeah right that's my life I'm sorry guys
I love you so much anybody said that we
have one today I love you so much
ah
