I'm not even gonna make this up I'm
editing right now and this is the first
thing you're saying of this video and I
forgot to enjoy it so good boys
everything entire world how you guys
were that good morning I love you guys
so much and anyways this is awkward now
so there's the actual video coming at
you in three two one
well today we ended up venturing out and
we're all the way down at the ocean we
walked all the way down here and now
there's a cruise ship we're thinking
about getting on it and like maybe two
users home planned to look at this we're
about to do this too or not about to but
we're going to do it tonight and I'm
actually so excited my mom's chickening
out she doesn't want to do it but my
brother my dad are going to go out with
us to be so funny like take off while
you're in the ocean and then you land in
the ocean but then you fly around the 20
area it could be so fun and walked so
far I'm so tired and I still have a
herculean today we walked 1.6 miles
today already looks like 10 a.m. not
okay but now after all that exercise
we're going to get something rad some
cool restaurant that's like by the water
Simba sleep on it so beautiful water I'm
actually in love with it and now you can
see are few in three two one Wow look at
that little beautiful cedar salad we're
splitting it me my brother so a little
baby open it you can absolutely
yes more food here this is my steak my
Brussels sprouts
my mom's pizza my brother's tuna and my
dad salmon in my face so beautiful we're
gonna get a taxi back program but again
that food was destroyed that's it every
time I destroy some food every single
time a few moments later the difference
in what you just saw and what you're
saying now is my hair I braided it
because I had dancer herself now we are
down at the ocean again I think we were
just here for you but was cute again and
why are you again is because I've had to
take that flight I'm so excited really
cool montage and we're done with that
montage anyways we're about to go so
that is basically what we're going on
but ours is over here I believe I don't
really
it's kind of weird we don't really know
where we're going like no one's like
giving us guidance on where to go so
it's a little confusing but we're going
to get through it I'm just so excited I
think we figured it out we got this cool
red wall nice down here Oh George sighs
approve we're getting on or getting on
and I'm holding on to my phone bill I
don't want to drop it what are we going
ball right here he's where did you go oh
my god
we're all way out front does this go
faster no Lambretta I'm not excited I
we're on our flight right now it's like
a little rocky so if you have motion
sickness don't do this but look at this
I'm in charge of an exit door which I've
never done before so usually everything
- hey okay I'm excited I'm excited and
it's scary or is it fun there's a lot of
fun huh yeah let's go by the way the
planes dead
cause you enjoy modulo not gonna live
for real don't come on here to get
motion sickness easy
second life if you get sick from motion
sickness
oh come on here because I feel I can be
scary immunize I was like I don't feel
like si balloon
first addresses over here you look at
everyone like moving oh my oh my oh my
okay okay we're out the water we're off
the water
please cannot
maybe I'm painting maybe I'm painting
shutting off the plane I'm actually very
bad Thank You Jerry
step down it's like stepping literally
it's like literally a big and I'd had a
hand on the camera and I hand in my
pocket cuz I was holding my phone but
they're so cool like you're just so cool
I love ya I love ya until it just going
up the top of my lungs for no reason
even though typical hi mom hi honey I'm
all nervous because any of you guys I
just wish on our dinner had a better
video I gave you a job it's terrible we
have a voice view out there oh no wonder
women are you guys you know I'm this far
away from the ocean I'm still going to
catch a fish - look you guys I caught a
whale didn't get it else
hilarious merciless what's wrong it's
even more hilarious
I know that you hate it okay so
yesterday were in the movies here and my
brother was sitting there and he was
retiring too awkward something so
started off in his life
so like Jesus who knows like the head
ball borders we handed them to me I'll
do some yeah kinda and he was like I was
out traveling
sounds like night I like
you like salmon and I go no and I really
do I would not smoked salmon guys I've
always wondered what the earth looks
like never seen it and like a statue
thing before I've always wondered though
but we gotta cross the street now gotta
go have high pot alright fine John I
fine thanks alright you guys I'm going
to wrap it up there because I have to
get a youtube video up in six minutes
it's not edited yet it's barely even
film knows yesterday's vlog but might be
up a little later it's fine then what
can I do
let me know so much a and C bar
