good morning everything will be one that
the who know that it is entire universe
are you guys doing the big good glad to
hear it Danny wait until there is a cool
squad the whole entourage anyways we're
going out I didn't wanna cross tonight
ago I had a full day at work done and
how now we just got home but it's okay
because we're going out I don't know
what I'm going bowling on someone got
and we're not going to this war I don't
know where we're gonna throw in Canada
and kollene is out here a lot and she is
telling you where to go
she told us to go to either Earl's or
crack this club I don't know no heard of
them comfortable of you have but we
might go check some of those out or it
might not look looks like it's movie
John that's my favorite thing
not really but it okay we're gonna get
some food at the movies and I'm going to
go watch the movie
give me fun and onyx okay well we're in
the movies here and it screams we have
to go because I'm not allowed to film
don't you because that's illegal so see
you at the movies especially pretty good
news oh yeah well we're the fortresses
and it got gun towards it like yeah
we're disturb but got Patricia I just
kidding it's only ten o'clock but we
still join beach party and my brother
made me to tears by you to embarrass
print on camera I'm eating normal Pedro
it was you know I had by that lovely but
oh my lord he's such a baby anyway yeah
I got started I was still pretty cool he
got a shark today they'll get picture
for reference or screw it okay so
there's my pineapple be done pretty good
nice Oscar but I didn't understand
alrighty well I have to tell you guys
I'm very sorry for yesterday's video I
know it was a lot of clickbait and I
know so you're mad at me but you know
would what be a youtube video if there
wasn't good grade and
and anyways though today was a rough day
for me and a rough day for you because
for me I mean I guess it wasn't that bad
but like for you you couldn't really see
much for vegetables food of course so
this was a short video but I just needed
to tell you guys and I'm sorry and
anyways he'll do so much and I'll see
you tomorrow
