good morning to every single day to the
doctor and this entire universe hi guys
do today good good here but here anyways
today is another workday on set - I'm
not going to do for a while but I wanted
to say good morning how are you doing
anyway it is currently 929 in the
morning I've been waiting to wear this
shirt since I got it and it actually so
excited I got a go and I'll see you
later
whoa whoa whoa okay okay tokine look
who's here my brother here my mom here
my dad you the whole family is here
which I'm super simple we're going out
to get food goes back to that stink out
that we were out the other night that's
the exact same as the brows can take out
and I'm super excited are you super
excited here I'll be mutagenic I can't
wait
are you now here's the journey oh are
you saying
Oh exams in Canada for dinner with you
you excited
John in other words we're all excited
and we're going to walk through Canada
they can see how beautiful it is and
it's going to be great
back in this lovely sleep again enough
all right now you're about to see
something really cool
I do I did my brother I don't know how
much down the walk but it's my brother's
really really 12 industry and he's aware
he's dedicated awesome I love them in
history
I'm not sure a really cool time lapse of
this thing
yeah again I think I said this a lot but
that food was just dry yeah Debbie's
destroyed but now I'm not going to see
you until we're back into our hotel room
because my camera battery's about to die
so Hobbs new ones were there oh hey Wow
I'm just a rough day today wasn't it it
was I lost just came out of nowhere
very scary so let me back up the story
so after we went to the souvenir store
we got all of our Canadian things there
is a homeless guy that lives right down
there and we were planning to go to the
store and we were going to get him some
stuff so we're walking back to the store
so stuff like that we were at I had like
five seconds left on it destroy Street
so what do me and my brother decide like
Morgan I'm running we're going to book
in so now we're having our fault
but if anything would have happened but
so basically we were doing it for the
reason we're going to go get this guy
some food we can get them nice chicken
we still ended up getting him the
Chinese happy he's having a heyday down
there it's awesome I'm so excited for
him anyway so we're walking back from
the souvenir place where we got all this
awesome clothes I'm not sponsored by the
way but and as we were crossing that
light literally I can't even tell you
this a bus just came flying at us so now
the bus actually knocked my dad to the
ground so now unfortunately for me right
now my dad is actually in the hospital
he got very badly hurt not going to die
though my camera is tipping hold on okay
that is good enough for right now sorry
about that where was her uh that wasn't
hospital so that's um so right now my
dad is in the hospital the bus was
coming and he was in front so he was
running in front of us we thought we
tried it we were like that pops up and
it smacked hit him the bus luckily
stopped he didn't get actually run over
by the bus
and so then it stopped and obviously we
went up to my dad's safety and then how
he actually got to the hospital you
explain this point yeah there was an
ambulance that was on the way down
there's something else that happened and
then they ended up not needing the
ambulance they got there safely a
different way so they came out and
helped us out and helped us get him to
the hospital since we did not have a car
in Canada this week then so then we got
to the hospital
so basically like the ambulance came
dated me - they had like your alert if
it was a whole production we don't need
to get into it but I was like more
concerned about my jabs and vlogging I'm
sorry I love you guys but like I need to
like consider for my health for my
father's health at least so everyone
else is just not badly injured mean
bruises bumps but Hewitt has a few
broken bones and very scary my mom's
live with him right now
um anyway right so it's not fine but if
you don't try to say I'm just trying to
move on with search I can go to bed so
we get to the hospital and we walk in
and it was very scary um so we go into
the room where there have my dad and the
doctor comes in and you tell us what's
going on what's happening and we're like
okay okay so that me my brothers had
come back to the hotel that we're at and
we're like we're just going to get some
sleep mom mom's gonna stay with him down
there and it was the weirdest thing we
got to our hotel and it was like the
weirdest thing I can tell you was the
weirdest thing so then we actually walk
into our hotel and out of nowhere a QX
comes out really out of nowhere
no I guys right and regions on the view
so basically that end of the story is we
had no clickbait for the blog we wanted
to view the show we may have a story
about a near-death experience we hope
you liked it a lot could be like a third
fanfiction I guess I mean I'm from
killable so I bought you
my traditional blanket on my head oh my
god I wanna play it all by hand
okay okay we'll just okay so basically
let me actually get to what I'm saying
is we're all fine nothing happened it's
the truth part of that story is after we
came here to this story we wanted to go
to the market to get the homeless guy
stuff he is very happy that's all
truthful which I'm so happy for and that
I can help and it's just great uh I
could help too if you can yeah and it
started the story started getting
official when the fictional when we
started telling you about the bus
because that was not yes name is never
happened all we didn't wanna concentrate
under the bus and you guys love you so
much I'm so sorry for the click ventral
interior future videos I was a clickbait
anyway we love you guys so much he's
gonna strike a blob with us we're going
to try some new things it's going to be
pretty great and I love you guys so much
that is a wrap on today I love you and
well tomorrow
