but y'all's a high-rise on the road I
look at what I see from a mile away
goodbye hotel I love you you're amazing
better tell me hammers data in New York
but now good way to have your signals
here turns out there's a tower you can
go upside down okay and your eyes are a
little very well has good guys good
shout loud hear that anyways today on
the agenda what is the only agenda mom
ah
lilia we're going home baby well we're
in the car right now driving to the air
but we got a really awesome driver yours
a high-rise on the road keep your eyes
off their dog she's getting I'll just
get it right now we're on our way to the
airport and there's this girl on live
right now her username is I believe like
Eliana Ketron and she's like the cutest
thing ever and last time I went to
surprise around her life she started
crying her eyes out I was like oh my god
she's alive I'll go through it again and
vlog yet dude you're like she got so
excited so check this out you're dying
really check it out
go on ready you ready hi
it's add my blog so we just got airport
bound and we're in this store and look
at what I see from a mile away oh my
gosh literally this Hudson News has
jojoba it look it look it look it I feel
like I have to buy these like oh who are
you oh my gosh they're my headphones
here so I was looking over at the
magazines to see if there was any
magazines that I was on that I could
vlog and a sad story you know there was
it then I was like I wonder if they have
jojomo try and I was looking over there
and I was like huh they don't okay this
is awkward but now I look it I never
expect this long cuz I wonder if they
have your headphones like oh they do I
think that's probably the first time
I've ever seen my headphones in store
and they only have one of them I like
that I like that they only have one of
them that makes me happy okay this is
like oh we're about to fly home like
we're literally walking to our gate
right now we're gonna borders most were
like five minutes ago but that's fine
okay thumbs are walking to a game right
now and I'm just so happy to see my dog
I literally just so happy we just got on
a plane right now I got an account of my
face like losing the first
Thank You Willie surrounded by
businessmen like goodness
besides your waters I would love a juice
- Jose invisible but so basically I just
kind of gotta keep my voice down but let
me just tell you I am just so excited I
am so excited to see my dog go Tigers
have this thing where when I get on
flights I have this idea of what I'm
gonna do it I'm like oh I'm gonna get on
it'll be great but then I always turns
out being a little different than that
this point it's like dude you know I can
tell that my hair and makeup artist
Dianna it's not gonna be honest but it
just kind of checks on Nickelodeon I was
like so we're not gonna do it again
because every time we're fighting some
way it's just like an ongoing joke like
every single play with her every single
one is either delayed bumpy like
something's wrong with every single
flight it's like an inside joke let's go
oh you wonder what a sad cuz usually on
this type of plane I go like this and
Bobo goes right here oh my god jack
sorry about this I was out of security
and do you know many people told me you
look like a broad like finally hydrated
like I love it when you was that you
look like the broad your shirt like it's
just well fancy fancy fancy orange juice
I was working to do a good flight come
fly with me let's fly let's fly away
if you can use some exotic booze there's
a bar in fuck we landed like two hours
away from there my dog I wasn't no like
10 minutes but then I was like
realistically that is not gonna be 10
minutes realistically it's gonna be
about an hour and a half but anyway be a
bag then find your car then you take
your car home and you actually get out
of the car then you get all your luggage
to the door and then you actually see
your dog how long would you say it's
gonna be I will take an hour any day
over an hour and a half yeah Delta did
have a 20 minute luggage guarantee and
then they took all our signs down one
hour later oh my god so you know I am so
excited to get to see my dog and I think
my reaction is gonna be so I miss you I
miss you I love you you know you could
put a mystery and I love you gonna love
it and also to our obstacle course but I
love you miss you
hey you too what good luck come on no
the other hey Lily just runs away oh
well come off is cocofang jaded on the
gallon I'm great I'm great I'm just you
know playing with my dog
Papa's rejection that is just what
rejection looks like alright so I have a
little more work I gotta do it tonight I
have to upload yesterday's vlog and also
sir I have to watch Grey's Anatomy like
important things are like both wait a
second what Jessica Capshaw and Sarah
drew are leaving this what so if you
don't watch the show you totally don't
understand this like skip ahead a minute
and a half because I'll be talking about
this for a while so two of like
literally my favorite characters are
leaving the show this season what so
basically stereo plays April Kepner and
Jessica Capshaw she plays Arizona
Robbins and
like literally Arizona is probably like
one of my favorite characters and April
Kepner I mean literally my favorite
basically I'm just like so heartbroken
tonight because I love them so much and
it's so sad because there's believing
the judge the end of the season like it
just got put out today and I am
literally like
literally so yeah it's just really sad
but crazy now me is on tonight so I
gotta go watch some Grey's Anatomy and I
gotta go make a thumbnail to upload
yesterday's vlog because it's late
answer I mean just look at this that I
had to deal with tonight she looks like
a hot mess that's how you know she was
home alone with the boys for a weekend
I'm going to be wrapping it up for the
night Bobo's you want to wrap it up for
the night that looks very convincing dog
she just want to go to bed good luck yes
yes oh yeah
