good morning to every single to dinner
who is out there in this universe hi
guys do today good good here anyway
today it is early it is 8:22 a.m. my mom
is back there she is making us drinks
which is pretty nice for the deck I am
of your getting in front of the window
because that's the only place really
good lighting yet but you J I have my
hair like this because after where I'm
going right now is the set because
they're going to do hearing makeup test
I don't want to have like a big old
ponytail bucks for them it's a lot man
anyway but offer I have it back up
earlier because I like it up I probably
won't see you till later today I mean
I'm going to see you in like two seconds
your time before my time if I wants you
to later because I can't film on set so
sorry about but it's the world six and a
half hours mate and looking after back
you remember shocker it's been quite a
day
basically nothing happened um only
really nothing did happen I just went I
got my hair done like 15 different times
and we figured out good hairdos and yeah
then we already pretty much melted a
shocker I don't honestly I forgot what I
showed you us but we are in elevator
wheel leaving again we're going to go
venture out is right I'm a daily barber
get over it anyways um each other
another one we're gonna go get some food
so Mike already wallet we found one of
those so that should be good so I have
made the executive decision that being
current actually in my opinion one of
the prettiest places that I've been to
course now the buildings and such aren't
that pretty they look older if that
makes sense but like the land and the
sky and the mountains and everything is
just so pretty I think
like to look at all of this dish is a
pretty it's easy I like it I'm an early
person but I like it so that's all that
matters oh this area I'm sorry where
yesterday right before yesterday now on
this side of the street back in Oh going
for circle for me okay mom I gotta tell
you something it's usually the mom
telling the kid that's right I tell you
something what I'm a little late on this
list they're going to tell you something
the floor is lava okay or you know what
I just realize that I can get a freckle
up here and I love that that's like my
favorite sources oh my god oh my gosh
boy I can't wait
oh my god I'm sorry - I'm sorry - oh oh
I can't wait oh my god I'll just let it
soak - French one and two out of the
notice in our excited I am right now
well I'm literally so excited for this
place like you don't even understand
destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed
destroyed not destroyed destroyed none
came but that was whoo amazing that meal
just got destroyed it's actually
delicious is so good my friend
they always they all sit by me back yeah
all the stores we want to go to are
close but literally all of the stores
that we want to go to are closed
literally there is nearly oh yeah close
close close like everything's closed
just don't understand I think people are
starting to realize how she's a poet
because my bows are great like don't get
Iranian off but people are putting bows
on just everything now like I'm sorry
but that was not a thing until I started
it I'm just saying just saying people
now put bows on dresses bows on shoes
boson is like sunglasses bows on boat
like these proposals everything because
I started let's go on top well where
else would we be but Dodgers market
again you never know well yo look at
this they got this thing raging yellow
watermelon right we're trying it it does
look like a black mark entirely on the
table if I'm okay so me and my mom won't
play this game I haven't danced in a
really long time playing against holiday
I had a really long time and I can't do
my splits anymore example okay this is
as far as it goes okay
it's pretty bad for shame things that I
did check out for a minute she will be
able to get me to do my splits again so
I'm going to do whatever judges she
wants you to 20 minutes of my time and
I'm going to get my slow to closure
all right mom look at 20 minutes of a
stretch but it's closed now that like we
alive yeah I know I don't have the
biggest attention stand again yeah I
know Sarah I don't get a rich girl how
about lefty lefty just no next I guys
you know what I can do I can do that if
you co never yell said no it's done I
want to deal no more and Bubba I'm dumb
just jumping like a lollipop Nevin let
the Craven stop my name is Brenda
mid-may what color dress again don't you
what it's got in it I'm all right
so you said all that a lot of people
with stands put emphasis on flexibility
and people young dancers are made to
feel like if they're not flexible
they're maybe not as good as somebody
that is flexible I will tell you I've
never been flexible but never been
naturally flexible and the only thing
that I was ever good at was turning and
performing will does just so I was going
to say so nuts
don't worry about that we're know what
you're good at you're good at yeah but
work out what your you need to work but
don't put out into the world at a
competition recite like you know dancing
what you're not good one thing isn't
everything just love dance and enjoy it
and do it yeah that's all you wanted
these on the cool watch list
whoa whoa whoa peers
phony the last
