every single numerator that is out there
and this is hard world hi guys doing
today it is pretty late actually in the
day it's around 5 15 ish but that is
because today we were busy I was working
today I was on set and so that's what I
was doing hold on that one in the
elevator with us we are walking out
reward you explore Canada but as I was
saying I was working earlier today and
so I couldn't vlog because I can't walk
on set because I can't show you what I'm
doing so it's very difficult but now
we're venturing out this is pretty rare
for us we never venture out but we were
like we should prevent drought we're in
Canada we don't really know what foodie
until we're venturing out we're going to
go find something to eat maybe go back
to the store it's going to discover some
new things this is awesome so we have
this place in Nebraska called Toby steak
house and apparently they have it here I
don't know if it's the same comit√© but
it might be the same one that's our well
it's very cool but it's I'm actually
reduced so we're going to run it we're
going to try it like we've tried a lot
of things if we don't like it we'll hit
Subway I was like we'll figure it out
but doesn't where we're going to head Q
because we're hungry good news is that
we're going and it's the exact same so
far as it is in Nebraska so essentially
probably give me success ok so actually
really good news this is the same exact
thing so hard that's in Nebraska so
excited it's one of those restaurants
when I cook in front of you now I'm
going to get her to leave the hood
position ok we're trying to come here
every night
yeah dude oh so excited laughs you just
got you shrine up feel like a hair
completely literally feel like American
that are like have a too much food
typical Americans literally
but now Jess said we're going to a
market I call it a grocery store she
calls it a market though apparently fun
story Devon Michael custom here can I go
mom can we go to Michael's choose know
what do we need to get there and I got
stuff to do slime and shoes you're not
going to make slime and I go numb by
their premix I'm just no good and I go
come on it'll be fun I'll do it for the
plug in tears okay
look a little bit get a lot of slide
things I'm gonna play with slime
Tomatoes employment supply store was a
success now I don't know where we're
going to end up max just met a few
taters that's what happened next
pretty awesome they said hello we took
some pics is great you see me in Canada
guys come say hi Sophie shot
this is where we ended up in a Canadian
souvenir shop I bought these pajamas
obviously in a bigger size and then we
got some water bottles I don't and
that's all we got
I'm really excited to figure out we're
going to end up next we landed at the
world's largest Sephora it is see I knew
it is you just well can never go to the
poor without losing money that's gonna
do some damage and now we're in a taxi
we're driving because also just so like
a half a mile away
and worried we don't all I know fine
well we start a whole food because we
want pomegranate seeds it's the only
thing that we want to recount kind of so
we just want to buy pomegranate seeds
and we all hope they have them so bad
news no pomegranate seeds but good news
they have a lot of other really good
things which I'm super excited about
like they got we got good food we got
juice like going great back in another
taxi but we got all over things
three three we went to Whole Foods did
some more damage should not have hungry
I know the Devlin Ramsey boot up really
good stuff them super stuffy alright
we're at the grocery store that we were
at yesterday and it's actually very nice
I'm actually like I love this grocery
store maybe not super like this door
mom you like my new cashmere sweater
Bobo would hear this stuff will be
really beneficial
you already know boy got that some
vanilla pretense I nice piece Oh 62
bingo
you like to joke in it just my
Armstrong still a mom used to spoiling a
shopping trip was done it was a success
and now it's time to go back in the
hotel okay I changed my PJs
I look cute these other ones I just
bought actually really liked them anyway
so well we were out I went to the store
and I bought a whole bunch of different
types of slime you know it actually
didn't end up that good look I don't
really like it that much so you know
what it's going in the trash anyways you
guys I'm going to wrap it up for the
night I know I said that I might do that
other slime tip but you know I think I'm
going to save it for another night
because it looks really fun I'm tired I
gotta edit a few videos yet for today so
I'm going to go I'm going to go do that
anyways I love you guys so much
make sure you subscribe because we're
almost at 600,000 subscribers and that
is pretty awesome I don't know if you
know that but that is pretty awesome
once you get there I'm going to do
something awesome I don't know what I'm
going to do yet but I'll come up with it
I look not so much anymore
