good literal morning to every single
senior that is out there in the universe
hi guys doing today good blood here Glen
here it is literally 7:30 in the morning
I am tired but I woke up today I woke up
at like 6:45 and I'm dressed I'm ready I
did my hair I did my makeup like life is
good
how's your day going mom I mean what
time did you wake up
well I'm somebody learn for 5:50 man I
got this like sushi relatable and we're
flying to Canada today I'm super excited
it's going to be a fun day of traveling
flying flying flying flying watch watch
watch watch watch watch watch watch fine
today is actually pretty sad for me
because it's the first time that I've
flown in like four weeks without my dog
it is a really depressing
I meant that my brother FaceTime in he
was with her it's so cute everyone in
the club and they actually really good
food today um we haven't been in this
club yet when in a nightclub we have a
synonym both in an American and Delta
but they have like really good food to
spare one is like about scrambled eggs
and bacon and so for breakfast because
like no I mean you do when you're like
at home but not at therefore until like
they have like a little bagel over the
middle yogurt I've never seen you over
anywhere which is nice
I'm excited also - this is like my third
breakfast today I mean I had a nun
crustal I had we thin now I'm having
this been trying to eat a lot before I
leave out of the country because in
Canada
outfit I call like any other food and
then in UK I don't know I just
definitely do be different and I'm not
going to like it but it's okay that's
why I'm eating here like last meal last
supper now that I'm sitting here we have
a little bit of time we have on like
another 20 minutes so I'm assuming I
want to be my script for the movie I
want to see my script I'll show it to
you look at there's the back of it you
really got a good shade that I get to
show you that there must not be a lot of
people going to Vancouver today because
our dates like right there
and we have like one like I what it does
like little tiny baby Express planes
coming through at the airport to get a
thing called a grinder and it's like
Vegas right to like so quiet and write
jokes
so always the first ones on the blade
and she simply literally I could just I
could just sit whatever I want on this
plane I mean I'm not got everything I'm
sitting up here but you know I just we
haven't even taken off yet and I want to
be a confrontational Authority
supporters Bridgend already actually you
know what I'm thinking and I think then
I could practice like 10% about the
boxer has Marcus we're here if you don't
believe me was literally getting off the
plane here now everyone's up but we're
going to get out of going through
customs and I'm not going to vlog
because I can't film if you can look
like illegal but I'm just going to see
user the teller mitch is gonna be here
alright we are in our room we are all
checked in this is my bedroom and I'm
like I'll give you a little tour this is
my like living room and that's my mom's
room pretty nice actually really decided
that it was time to find a grocery store
and venture out so that is what we were
doing we are venturing out to get some
air freshener because I room space and
it's not because one of us did it it's
just because we walked in and it smells
like my grandma's carpet it was
literally just a random old grandmother
out of it
I'm never venturing out in Canada it's
actually written here like it sounds
cheesy but it's actually pretty pretty
here like it's it's weird fish grocery
stores actually pretty legit it's nicer
than the pop-up grocery stores that are
in California so we just discovered that
my mom actually brought us peanut butter
little compute about Smuckers
well we just got okay they don't have
great jelly I'm a little confused
they have blackberry raspberry
strawberry they have cheese with jasmine
that's literally outsell Chaz's but they
don't have grape jelly awesome new one
not gonna lie this storage actually
pretty where did you find that basket
that's on wheels
where'd you find that one
nevermind just right he did and I was
like no no comprehend oh well we're back
in our hotel we got a chicken and the
chicken was good we got these pizza
pockets and they were disgusting and now
she's making a peanut butter and jelly
and she says the bread is disgusting
I had marshmallows as emotional as we're
disgusting the Chi is that I was eating
really over pretty good
a little a little messed up Cheetos
they're pretty good we just need to
figure out what we're gonna like and we
need to figure it out ASAP but see I
noticed because set food is you're not
going to be good because I don't like
American set food much less Canadian set
food I mean like if you're Canadian like
no hate on your food really yeah
all right guys it's like most people go
on a diet but I just go out of the
country there we go jessalyn home made
peanut butter and jelly let's go ask him
I'll be able to dish I got pretty much
everything that I need to get done for
tonight done it's actually pretty late
here I mean later than it looks like it
looks like it's like 4:00 in the
afternoon but it's on nine o'clock so it
shakes trying to go and it can go to bed
cuz I got a 12-hour turnaround like I
had to be up and ready and going and you
twelve hours so go me I read I'm pret go
to bed so that's a wrap on this day let
me guess
