oh okay it is currently 1151 okay I can
look over 1150 why I'm collabing with
Colleen in nine minutes and I woke up 20
minutes ago
let that sink in only because I will
girl yeah like what sort of a are you
guys still doing that and you was like
yeah we're doing it at noon and she's
like and she was like what and I was
like yeah we're doing it at noon and
then I checked the time and I'm like oh
my god and she was like what like you're
fine and I was like into 11:30 and she
was like oh my god we gotta go but good
news is Mia clean was like five minutes
away from each other so we're good we're
on schedule but it was a quick get ready
today it was very stressful
but it's okay it's all good you know
we'll go 20 bit of silver I was supposed
to leave I still pulled this together I
mean also do this in one of my new
shirts um but I've pulled this together
and I actually think I look pretty good
I love it okay
I feel like okay I put dry shampoo more
here there you askin I didn't touch I
shampoo and I just put some white
hairspray on that girl she's a savage
here the shirt on the best damage of a
Jesus damage we were all hot mess I'm
wearing Colleen's clothes now because we
already Hovind we were we went too hard
wish we had a slide fight that the easy
is rated I was jumping the pool and now
we're just a mess so we're both soaking
wet it's so sticky
every salera is having you you have to
know more videos today I was here I'm
supposed to go out mrs. Miranda
so like works out I can't find you oh
yeah little hummus wet dog literally
were wet dogs they're related and so can
you know it's due to I'm actually really
on top of the game since I'm going to
Canada and I'm going to be pretty busy I
was like I'm just going to edit my video
that I did was coming today I mean gets
more into book calling today and it's
actually hilarious you guys are going to
love it I don't know when it's coming
out but it'll be on my channel and we
did a hilarious one on her channel too
but you're not going to want to miss it
like it is
actually it's funnier than our video
that we did before and I just I love it
I think it's so funny I go oh I forgot
you're still a kindergarten Geo's no the
school that I rent doesn't have grated
it doesn't
numbers and I go kindergarten not a
number just watch not numbers at my
school I was it how did you guys not
again I'm so proud of myself
I edited I did all that stuff that I
needed to do I made a new YouTube header
I did my Miranda video I edited I
thumbnails it I just haven't like put it
for when it should go up yet because I
don't know
I changed a cone Ian so I should know
soon anyways and look at this
I packed go me see I'm actually pretty
much packed it have to put it all in a
suitcase then I have to do when I do my
makeup tomorrow then I'll put all that
and later and I'm just some proud I am
all change drop because it's time to dye
my hair
and when I say dye my hair not like a
different color but like my roots are
like brown black-ish that's my natural
color so we have to diet come on
they dangerously are in there pretty
dark but so when I was little we did it
this way where I put like the cap over
my head and then should I hold the
through pulled the hair through with a
pic and we stopped doing that way I
don't know why we stopped doing that way
but now I want to kind of like brighten
up our hair so we're going to we do it
that way this is my hair down straight
guys and like two knots in it we're
going to cover it and kick laugh at the
gun a little fuzzy what is this it is
not okay going good tie this up I don't
like it
why are we doing this did it look like I
was doing tangled in it because my hair
is white you dare to do for me when it's
dirty so I try to leave it as dirty and
until I absolutely need to be clean and
today happens be one of those days or
was it like absolutely need to clean
just find them so we're doing a giveaway
all done I think you can see it on my
hair it's like kind of like a bluish
purplish whitish color and that's
because that's like the dye and so that
in like 15 minutes I'm going to shower
and I'm going to shower it off and then
it'll be pretty and it'll be blonde yeah
okay the roots are done and I look good
I'm happy with it
anyways this now all has to get into a
suitcase so that is my next project I'm
going to start to pack
pretty much jump for now I gotta do my
bathroom stuff hungry so I'm going to go
get some food
well the rap on today I am so tired and
I have been early morning and I have to
still edit on life in this I know is
gonna get so much is you are
