potential or add the place where we get
my family like my fan mail comes to
survive to pick that up and I'm acting
super intense
oh you got the lots of mail I'll show
you what it looks like in the back of
our car
that's the trunk it's very cool I don't
know if you can tell we have a lot of
these things but then it like goes all
the way back which is crazy all of these
are all the ways filled put it on so no
for really guys thank you so much for
all the fan mail and if you haven't sent
fan mail and you would like to send fan
mail you can send it to 501 west windows
boulevard hashtag 34 in Glendale
California 911 2:02 that is where you
will send fan mail if you would like
I'm gonna come back like a boom we gotta
call Jess and I will use that oh yeah oh
just trying to see if they get the best
of me
well not this time pieces of kale plant
like that we don't need to fight back
all the door dings okay okay there will
have Best Buy
you're in half later I feel like it's
been forever
but it's okay we're at Best Buy time to
get me a new phone because my phone is
just done walk in and there's like this
whole Best Buy right and we're like this
is actually like really small for Best
Buy
but then we look over and we like oh
there's a whole downstairs oh the joy of
California I decided today that I am
getting the smaller phone deliberately
set of the plus so I'm going to get the
iPhone 7 price silver and not the plus
or just the normal I'm going to switch
it up sometimes I have to get a keys to
it will find a case put out know what to
keep design literally been here an hour
to take in a while but it's fine because
we're getting it all figured out
I'm getting a new phone we got some
other cool things but I'm about to take
this crack broken iPhone 7 plus and turn
it into it
iPhone normal 7 you ready for this try
on it look at this new phone it looks
beautiful and I got the cool like
privacy screen thing so like it gets in
I'm so excited
anyways we are out now thank you so much
for all your towel falling and falling
everywhere it's fine son falling
everywhere except for I'm not falling in
love Oh how's it going on doesn't it but
now we are going home Hollywood wall huh
I'm done being out for the day it's time
for me to go home I and I've just had
too much beautiful - I've had too much
outside time today to do that I got my
camera switch so if you have been
following along since yesterday you know
that I've been using this camera because
I ordered the wrong camera online but I
ordered Q of the right cameras not havin
another infilling on also - I got some
really cute clothes right here that I'm
super excited about probably what not
and I'll tell you excuse me
I'll tell you and each day it's like one
of these clothes I just got to show you
though you're going to love them anyway
parents are about to go do some fun
things I'm going to hang out here I'm
like I've had way too much outside okay
way too much outside time for one day so
I was like I'm done and I'm good stay
home when they slime of a chill on a
snapchat I'm gonna watch TV I'm gonna do
something beside going crazy
currently we're in a power outage our
house
power there is a fire going on somewhere
and to our houses out of power and it's
really scary I hope everyone in the fire
is okay but you know this is like
actually quite terrifying like we're in
this big house it's like pitch black and
it's very scary
but anyways it's okay we're going to
stay at a hotel because we're just girls
and one guy and it's just not okay for
us to be here right now because it's
just wages Darian I can't live like this
okay so actually though on the bright
side my dad bought these gloves this
one's not working for some reason
and it's really zoomed in but she bought
these gloves that look really cool in
the dark and I wished should see if it
like looks cool okay it's loading in
that's pretty cool they look cool yeah
oh we are in our hotel room now thank
the Lord because the power was out but
I'm actually I'm texting my friend who
it lives close to us and her powers back
on so we we coulda stayed Boone ordered
pizza we're here I already said all
those things up meaning of heat added
some food but that's it um but we're all
set up and we're playing cards and we're
enjoying life so I vote we just stay
here but they don't want agree with me
before projects I actually have never
been happier to be home and have lights
on so we're back home we got the life
life's good I'm taking Bobo out of the
bag right now but I am honestly I am
tired I want to go to bed so that's what
I'm gonna do I got an early morning
tomorrow
well not really but noon is an early
morning for me so I'm go to bed right
now got to wake up tomorrow I take my
dad Airport what what let me see what
you guys are cranking me hey we're in
school so it's not lose it anyway
so there was a blackout outside that's a
little scary
anyways I got an early morning I gotta
take my dad and my dog to the airport
which is super sad little more pressure
but my dog especially um so I'm gonna go
to bed anyways let me get so much chance
