good morning to every single scenario
that is out there all the high-end do is
a good good haircut here anyway today I
am starting the day off right by going
to the doctor so the people I'm going to
the doctor is because I am shooting a
movie this week and I'm going to be in
Canada for it and so to go over there
you gotta let go to the doctor and do
like a physical but it's going to be I
don't really know I'm it's confusing
it's okay that we don't need to worry
about it
I'm going there haven't been to the
doctor in a minute but it's okay I'll be
there and I'm going to get it checked
out and I'll tell you if there's
anything wrong with me odds are there's
not but hey the good news is is that I
still have my perfect 100% medical
record never for real there's nothing
wrong with me I didn't think that was
going to be blended you never know so
that's good I'm proud I'm still hard
reset you never had anything medically
unfortunate with me but never sing ever
knock on wood at the blast but it's okay
wolves will be able to it later anyways
I gotta go home because I have an acting
Skype lesson
who cried myself okay I got everything
down her back home so what more to do I
got everything that I need to get done
for today I mean I edited play the
guitar I did my lesson I went to the
doctors and everything so what more to
do than have a dance party
Oh
to another their party time I'm going to
make some slime I'm about to do a cool
time lapse of us did this turn into
butter salon I mean this one
oh it's Mickey Mickey time making my
nose ice like weird fun yeah yeah and
I'm back me and Bob with her outside
oh oh oh hello Bella but we're outside
because she needs to go potty
clearly she doesn't care about going
potty though she just wants to sit by me
she's I don't know because it's an
island recently been practicing the
guitar I mean and by recently I mean
like the past four days but anyway this
is what I have perfected so far
obviously I'm affected it is not perfect
but give you a break I practiced and I
am trying hard and that's what I've
learned
don't with that much I think I'm going
to go film a video for my main channel I
don't really know what so I'm really
bored you guys I look crazy like this
right now with these eyebrows and this
will have on my neck because I just did
a YouTube video for my main channel that
actually came out just now so go check
that out right now and actually what
happened on that video is that me and a
new YouTube character of mine his name
is max yarder max heard and he is pretty
funny all I like him so I think he's
cool
but this actually his outfit and a
makeup and his hair is kind of the same
it's kind of like that but this is medic
you go check that out
tell me if you like him in the comments
down below check that out I'll link it
down below for you guys in the
description anyways I just want to tell
you guys that to go check out that video
because it's a really funny video it's
another sketch skit type of video like I
told you I was going to be doing from
now on on Saturdays but yeah so it is
that type of video and I also introduced
a new YouTube character so he should be
coming back eventually I know it'll just
be fun and I made this YouTube character
one that I will want to keep doing
because I've always wanted to avoid
YouTube character I don't know why but
like it just kind of been one of those
things but very hot so it's gonna be
pretty fun I'm gonna head out with a
game I'll come back with the bull back
put all the things back Oh
we who are you wait a minute who are you
we're going to worry you and how to keep
wait a minute women who are you with who
are you who are you uh who are you
no well I can't get you know like how do
we here know like honey mask you know
like how you got in your soul and how
you got here in you
