good boys everything else irritated with
after this entire world hiya doing the
good got here but here anyways today I
believe is a start off pretty crazy I
was building my special journey you in
my world all day today which is why all
of these crazy kids are here now I am in
the bathroom again few days ago I did
Jody's reason I just find out and now
today I am doing this I am doing a
bathtub full of cereal why I'm doing
this no clue to my job what I do for a
living but yeah there's a ton of people
here we're filming my special today
today some last days it was so peaceful
which is so sad but we've been filming
all over the house today which has been
super fun but now I'm changed I'm
literally a scuba diver outfit on right
now I will show you it so this is my
outfit it's very cute it has these nice
little ladies in the shore and that I
got my little I'm going to fall I got my
a little swimsuit with my jacket looking
pretty good my favorite thing about
doing YouTube as a draw basically is
that I get to do we just random things
like sailing about the material this is
a hot mess
I haven't gotten in yet but I'm actually
really excited to get in I have a tone
window like that to camera to camera to
game room a lot of cameras all but I'm
about to get in do it out to wait to see
doing George's well that happened a
little bit of Mohammed
it's getting putting up right now it's a
little bit of a mess I actually was a
little hopin anyway desert it was funny
um I just showered on though gonna have
the great night with my family yeah I'm
all done for the night and I'm all
showered up alright I've got a really
awesome package in the mail I'm gonna
show you what it is yeah okay it's good
I got a new camera because I you my
under the camera that was been filming
on eyedrops
so now on our backup camera but we
needed a new one because that cameras
broke it into backup so I just a new one
so like yeah okay any keys on the neck
we got a Bloggie a canon g7x mug too
without fancy this guy is shablam
shablam shablam
half full shaka-laka-laka this is a
different camera Linda Church this is
not the right camera canon g7x month to
a g1x month - I mean it's alright
now it's definitely not like oh no I'm
gonna put a battery in it and see if
it's nice and if it's nice to keep it so
I didn't feel like charging it and this
is literally like one second from what
you just saw but it's a different
battery so that was keeping it are very
slim but I'm going to plug it in I'm
going to give it a shot
hurt haven't tested it out yet the
battery is plugged in I will says that
you will know by the end of the night if
we like it because we will obviously be
using it to be honest I don't feel like
we're going to end up liking it it is an
older camera but hey you never know
we're going to try it we're going to
give it a shot but I did just order two
new g7 x mark two because those are the
ones who use those are women's we like
this is what I'm on right now we use it
we like it it's great and if one breaks
then you have an extra one because this
one's really broken it's actually
terrible anyway it's fine we're going to
continue on with the night it's a little
messy night you get the jokes because of
the Cheerios and then because of this
pretty funny huh anyways I'm going to
figure this camera out and see about
like it this is the new camera actually
I don't mind it I mean it's not the best
camera I've ever used but not terrible
if usable I think I'm going to use this
camera for the rest of the night it's a
little bit heavier it's definitely
bigger in size but hey I'm going to try
it back now on the old body I don't know
if I can really tell the difference of I
will find out when I'm editing if I can
find a difference you're not going to
know if I found a difference but you're
going to know if you see a difference so
anyways we're going to continue all the
night you're not going to worry about
camera situation because that is my bro
not your problem so doesn't matter for
you guys I mean honestly today was not
that crazy of a day for you and for me
and for everyone I didn't take a bath
full of Cheerios which was yeah but um I
do have something really exciting to
tell you guys that I am going to be
doing something new on my main channel
so I've been trying to like come up with
something new to do on my channel for a
really long time now because I mean
George's is great like don't get me
wrong I love it but like I want to do
another fun thing so George's you're
just saying the same on Wednesday
perfectly fine I love George juice I'm
going to do that for a really long time
but then instead of trying to post
videos every Friday and Sunday I'm
switchin and I'm going to post on
Saturdays and on Saturdays I'm going to
do funny sketches slash skits so it's
going to be kind of more like
funny or entertaining little
seven-minute video and so it's going to
be kind of fun because JoJo's use is
going to be like whatever happens
happens and then the Saturday video is
going to be like kind of planned in
advance it's gonna be fun it's gonna be
interesting sama come up with stuff to
do for that tonight other than that
though I honestly I have to just go edit
and I might come up with some things to
do for the sketches which I'm super
excited about right now so I mean like
what else am I going to do besides come
up with things for that but then I'm
going to bed because I'm so tired
so therefore love you guys so so so much
that is a wrap on today it was a great
day today I had fun today I'm hoping you
guys had fun today's you didn't have fun
today it's okay you'll have fun tomorrow
I love you guys so much and we'll see
you tomorrow
