good morning everything you'll see
whatever that is out there a family how
you guys doing good great glad here is
right here anyway recently in a house
we've been having ant problems it's not
because we're leaving food out it's just
because like they're just coming in it's
weird
I don't know why but on today we found
another problem so this is the other
problem in this corner there's probably
a hundred baby daddy longlegs so if
they're in this room that no one's been
in like I play my guitar in here that's
all I do so they're up there and now
this chick is mechana screw can a
side of your camera five so now I being
the boss on hand I'm the one that has to
kill them I being a boss that I am
called urban egg I kill a spider because
they're chilling in it's a whole
production of not all right so we
clearly have out fear a little tiny baby
daddy longlegs that are the size of a
pinhead and I clearly have Eva I clearly
have utilized because I've found them so
we're creating in the room that it
filled with Jojo merchandise okay so
this is going to be our Jojo merchandise
room but I have to build this she'll
know exhales this one but I gotta fill
the other one because I was way too lazy
and I didn't feel like building
yesterday so now have to build it today
look at me I'm here
dah-dah-dah
now I'm about to make a really cool time
lapse of us completing this Jojo room
okay so we just actually my mom just
completed I was doing the upstairs but
my mom just completed see Jojo room it
looks is so good showing her phone and
her guy Koga still here but we won't get
to that anyway it looks so he look old
it look so so so good I can't even
believe it I'm like look it's just it's
perfect
literally perfect so we actually win
this store today and we bought these
oreos things I don't know they're new
cereal I've seen them out but I've never
been able to buy them so I was like I
want to try these so of course we bought
them we bought milk and now what else am
I going to do besides try to do Oreo
Oreo O's Oreo Oreo Oreo Oh cereal Oreos
Oh Stewart Oreo O's twelve seconds later
it's like Jojo Oreo OC though I just
make Siwon cereal I'm a taste test then
let's see what they taste like
here we go first hit some Oreo over
cereal whoa
I think it's gonna be better in milk we
won't know if you can on this chocolate
I think it's gonna be better in mouth
but like at first you kind of like this
is weird but then the aftertaste of it
unbelievable so good here we go
Oreo O's cereal taste test
that is life-changing it's actually
delicious
I don't know why but for some reason I
wait to do the things that I'm supposed
to do in the morning I wait until the
night to do them like editing and
uploading the vlog most of you probably
don't know this I edit yesterday's vlog
before I go to bed then like the next
night like I should edit the night of
it's confusing I don't do it the right
way I do it my own way
get over it I am NOT professional
youtuber but actually have been doing
YouTube for about two and a half years
my weapons close friends she put some
makeup on it I don't know what he puts
makeup on but she put some makeup on it
if you like it then you share to put a
makeup on it it's a new song and we're
gonna open up Tommy tune up from the
airport
Tommy tuna is here in the lemon shirt
you know what like a banana but it's
okay hey hello hello good morning here
you know it's late right now I'm walking
up dude I'm going to bed because I am hi
George
I got early morning tomorrow so anyways
that is a wrap on today love you so much
it will see her
