good morning to every single citizen out
there in this entire world hi guys doing
today good good here but here anyways I
thought it would be a really fun idea
since I wasn't able to vlog for you guys
that I would do this quick video showing
you guys a new house the downstairs tour
a lot of you guys note that we just
moved in and you guys have been waiting
and waiting for us to actually get
unpacked and for a furniture be here so
I was like finally for unpack our
furniture here we decorated it looks
good so I was like I'm going to show you
guys to the downstairs of our house
right now are you ready cuz I'm ready
this area is so cute like I love this
right here I'll show you my favorite
part in a second but first of all it
just needs four little chairs it looks
really good and really cute but I'm
going to show you my favorite part so on
the table we actually have some cool
things like look it we have kick kack so
we got dominoes and we got this really
cool day moving right along on the tour
next up is our kitchen table now I was
so excited to decorate our kitchen table
you don't even understand like literally
I was patiently waiting to do this so
here it is it is so cute as you can tell
I mean it has like this little napkin
thing that's so pretty
the pretty place and like the pretty
mirror I love it but yeah so it has like
all the candles these little really cool
like balls thingamajig ease look at this
light it is unbelievable it's like so
sparkly and so pretty so it's so much
alright you guys move it on this door
unlocks the secret room now I'm not
showing you this secret room though
until tomorrow so make sure you watch
tomorrow I don't see that secret room
also - on yesterday's vlog I showed you
guys my slime-covered so if you wanna
see that not going to show you right now
but you have to watch it it's my slime
haul video you have to go watch it right
now if you want to see that the area in
our house that is actually personally my
like coolest area that I think is the
coolest is the kitchen this kitchen is
so unbelievably amazing like I love it
so much the fridge can fit so much pizza
in it unreal we have two six one two
like it's just so cool I love it so much
and don't even get me started on
microwave like you look at them wait for
it wait for it open oh I hit my finger
but look at that it's just so cool
the thing that we just finished in our
living room
now our living room is so cute it's
purple we got this beautiful couch it's
ugly well every chair like with Cline's
which is really cool but I'm going to
show you all the cool things that we
have on our little show so we got this
cool purple base as you can tell we like
purple in this room I mean we clearly
like purple then up here we got some
random little thingies I can't reach
other so I'm not going to show you we
got to pretend books we got a cool
little thingamajig II I don't really
know what it is more of these little
ball thingies another base we got these
really cool glasses this is my favorite
thing here so it's these Facebook but
they have like these little toys and
things and they're so pretty
this is another really cool thing I mean
it's a TV and there's a really cute girl
who's the reflection you can see on this
TV I mean who's that it up there it
views this little peace sign and thumbs
up that were actually making oh in my
room but we ended up sticking and
putting them down here so it makes it
special and those match this little
homes on which I love coming over here
this said ruler world and it is a globe
which is really cool there's a fortune
cookie that doesn't have a fortress in
it but it's a sports and cookie little
pretty diamond a little candle thing
with no candle in another bazemore
pretty diamonds more fake books and the
same basic you saw like a second ago few
seconds ago so while I'm talking all
right is our office so now me and my mom
have our office this is now - this is
now my mom's desk and we have it so what
I started you are working you're on
pregnant start to edit in there we got
lots of things going on this house is
going to make life so easy because now
we got office we got a secret room in
there that you don't know about but
you'll find out about tomorrow we have a
nice table nice like little um what's it
called chair sitting area nice living
room a nice kitchen we're going to make
good sound it's gonna be great so now
you might be like Jojo you have stairs
obviously you have an upstairs then so
if you want to see the up there you're
going to have to wait a little bit
because I'm not showing you that yet
you're gonna have to wait
so if you want to see the upstairs make
sure to give this video a thumbs up
subscribe turn on that notification
button and leave a comment down below
saying your favorite word just say your
favorite word in the comment section
down below
so I was commenting my favorite word it
would probably have to be jessalyn you
know got together anyway guys so much
that is a wrap on this video I would say
on the day but this wasn't really
through out today so that is a wrap on
this video and then guys so much thank
you for watching and we will follow
