today but David I've lived on this
planet
good morning every single simulator that
is out there in the family I love you
guys so much hi guys doing today good
glad here at glad here anyways I cannot
wait to show you guys what we all did
today because it was a crazy awesome day
I got this day started off by taking my
dog outside she was the cutest thing
ever
check it out I think it's hilarious how
much my dog loves grass because we come
from the apartment and she didn't really
have grass there and so it's so cute she
just loves grass now like look at this
we're like why does she get so excited
wedgies oh my god I just think it's so
cute
alright now the G I saw that I have to
tell you something really cool but it's
not me telling you I'm just going to
show you the people that are interest
are here this area that transformed into
something really cool watches okay so
the table is here is so cute doll set up
I love it so much did a little living
here and all set up with a little life
of a moon so set up good but now gotta
take a mile walk to the living room but
as soon as I get there you'll see how
cute it is look it
everything is yeah we did it um so we
decorated hold this decorated all of
that we got a coffee table pulling on
the cows we got our kitchen tables or
chairs our whole thing is I know I'm
just so excited I love it so much
so probably end up giving you a little
miniature tour at the end of the night
so make sure you stick around because
that's going to be pretty great but um
wow we were away took us a while and get
that done so we went to the store I'm
going to show you where I got it the
store and also to I made the executive
decision just now that you will be
seeing the house tomorrow so stay tuned
for that tomorrow anyway we were at the
store I bought a whole carcass line
supplied
look at this this coverage is my slime
area too by the way this cupboard is
filled now so I got all my little model
magic today images all my glues look at
that is a ton of little beads this is my
favorite drawer right here brown that's
a lot of glitter and then also two down
in this cupboard look at this BAM
two gallons of glue I am just so excited
if you can't tell today but favorite it
I've lived on this planet you guys I
just put out all of my slime stuff this
is insane
like literally look at all of this this
is unbelievable
so I got all my mom at extinct got my
glues all my glitters are like colors
with my sequins all my beads I got show
them all so this is my youth slime
collection so this is kind of like my
little slime room area
so this is really cool I'm so excited
for this I'm going to be making fun a
lot now but this is my new slab don't
like John and I love it so much it is so
happy anyways um I'm going to bed
because tomorrow I got an early morning
but I have a very special video for you
guys tomorrow so you're not gonna want
to miss that anyway okay so much see you
guys tomorrow and like Jojo back there
just told you that is a wrap on tonight
love you guys so much
make sure you subscribe turn on that
notification button so you do not miss a
day of our vlogs love you guys so much
and we'll see you
