we're done working for the day what I
should show this vlog guys going every
single suited as either there's a diary
I'm not video upside down hope I will
say house good day guys good I just let
hear that anyways right now I actually
just got done doing what I just did but
I want to tell you what I just did do
you ever see that thing on TV where
basically it's like one person is in one
place and then the other person is in
another place and they're interviewing
there's basically what I just did so I'm
just sitting in here and I just got
interviewed by 12 13 14 15 17 different
news interviewers oh wow so much really
funny took not like an hour and a half
but it was super cool super fun and I'm
so happy look at this time bad I'm sorry
UK fans it's not you case I'm fast by
pop-up but that is not an ODU case like
this but it's not a yes to you guys sign
vest because I honestly don't know what
I'm doing yeah but I'll tell you what I
know the free shower answer on that I
have a fine u.s. fans get ready because
the slime Fest is coming to the United
States I go by excited about diets going
on on June 9th and 10th
I will leave so put the link down in the
description to get tickets why you guys
today we're going to have a fun day and
you wanna know why because we're done
working for the day what the rest of the
day of and I am so happy it's gonna be
so fun we're gonna go back to hotel room
we're gonna get confy goes ahead of the
vlog yeah come here
bye what's your name you're so cute
what's your name today just I like your
alarm clock who's on that yeah who's Joe
Joe I've never met a Joe Joe are you
sure I'm Joe Joe how do you know I'm Joe
Joe oh she has the same go as me what if
other people were to have the bow
because you have my bow stuffing are
they blue bow yeah I do have a lot of
boat stuff on I got like bows on my show
this is the New Jersey panic like and
off with the link down the description
pie it is nice to meet you all thank you
i defensive we are gonna have such an
ethical day you can you can are you
gonna hang out like all you can hang out
we're gonna have such an ethical day
today so let's go get this day rolling
okay now you're going upside down okay
and now you're right back up I love cow
I change her back at our hotel but um I
started filming George's juice you know
pretty typical and meta you know my
camera it died
so yes so yes so yes my camera died but
then I plug in another camera better and
it said that was never look at it it's
alive the little green light right there
means that it's fully charged so I'm
about to go back and keep filming
everybody lunch
oh yeah it's lunchtime I most definitely
don't have a bow in but that is because
I odd for ketchup over my head and I had
my favorite bow on uh um but yes I do
have ketchup all over me out life's
great but look at this mess that I made
when I did Jordan juice like okay little
ketchup bottle water water I mean the
floor and all like I'm just a hot mess
right you guys shower because I do need
it get the ketchup smell off me and I do
got us yet edit journals just because
that's what I do for a living boy oh boy
who is that judges just run oh my guys
but now look at me I am a on best I have
weird hair I have a weird face I have a
googly this shirts really grow I'm not
gonna like this is why I love showering
because basically it's like as soon as
you're done you have to redo everything
and then you're here you have to dry or
straight or curl it oh so much work
that's how I always tell my brother like
be happy be thankful because you get to
get out of the shower and do nothing and
I'm like I have to get out and I have to
dry it and strain it and it's a wool
production
anyways though I filmed it I knew that I
nailed it and I'm done working for the
night so that is like a bullet cheap
table loaded the vlog from yesterday I
uploaded JoJo's juice from today I am
just I mean I hit you deny I'm sorry now
I think I'm going to go work on my
obstacle course a little bit more
because I have some such good ideas like
I am literally like getting so excited
for the secretaries so good I actually
think it's gonna be my favorite YouTube
video that I've ever created but oh boy
you're not even ready for it this has
literally been my home for the past uh
too long look at this though I did so
good look at my ears on so far wait for
it wait for it I mean it's getting
pretty epic
now I just got to decide when I want to
do this who I'm inviting to this and
it's just oh my god it's just gonna be
so much fun the Year vlog anniversary is
coming up I believe on April 19th I just
checked like doing outside of the exact
day so I was thinking like I could do it
for the year anniversary but then I was
like well do I wanna do that and maybe
maybe now I don't know there's plenty of
options to choose from but oh my gosh
this is gonna be so cool I just drew the
whole thing out you want to see my
Johnny okay look at that is that
gorgeous also too you guys know how I
feel about yellow lighting and this
yellow lighting is not doing it for me
like I literally cannot wait to go home
I ordering new lights on Amazon right
now and I'm ordering like box light so
that when I get home I can have such
good lighting I'm just I'm so happy like
I miss having like LED lighting now in
this hotel I felt like yellow I do
because that is currently my light
situation
no but literally that's what I'm worried
about though that's cata what's going on
right now I'm just kind of alerting
things on a Amazonas lives all my
oh my gosh so brittle I did totally not
expect this I'm second of all I am a
little like shocked and all the drivers
getting so much respect for people so
basically you know those things they're
called stanchions and basically okay why
would I explain it if it's just right
here and I could show you is these
things that you like rope things off
with I don't know I was trying to find
them to rope off my course they are so
expensive like one little stanchion is
$59 $59 and I'm not gonna lie that
probably the cheapest one I've seen like
this one is like a pack of three for 250
dollars and this one a hundred and nine
dollars actually that's not bad for how
many you get for them but still that
just gave me so much more respect for
the people and companies that have these
things like that's a lot of money for
like a Stan just like you would think
like little pools in like a little chain
they wouldn't be that much but oh you
know no no no no I'm trying to find
cheap stanchions because I'd rather put
my money into something else besides San
shins but I don't know dad do what you
gotta do oh boy this is actually turning
out to be amazing like I lose so happy
I'm hoping on Saturday that I'm going to
test it out with just me and my brother
of course and you guys say all the vlog
um so I'm gonna do that on Saturday so
then we're gonna kind of decide what we
like and what we don't like about it or
if we're gonna add anything or take
anything away and then we're gonna
perfect it and get it all good and then
we're gonna have other people come over
into it so Saturday's kind of gonna be
like a little trial and error around if
we like it all we might have people over
on Sunday I don't know I don't know I
honestly have no plan yet I'm just
hoping that all this stuff gets to me by
Saturday I already know there's a few
things that aren't gonna make it you
scared I uh I gave up on the stanchions
and now I'm moving it on do do not cross
tape because I just think that's going
to be so much easier and so much cheaper
too that's not gonna do not cross tape
oh yeah baby stuff is way cheaper look
at this if I get this and I don't use
the crime scene ah eight dollars well I
can do this on do not enter I'll I don't
wanna get oh and tomorrow
oh yes sold sold you got me you got me
yes yes yes Queen
knocking live kind of annoyed right now
so I just placed my order for all this
stuff and it's got to be a way later
that I thought I was going to house
planning on it being here all by the
tents because you know that's what the
center I was ordering it but you know
like Amazon probably what happens is is
it says you don't free one day
deliveries yada yada yada you go to
checkout and I was hit with this on it
said it was gonna cost six hundred and
ninety nine dollars to get it here
faster
I'm just way too weak get some cows it's
all this way that's totally fine it's
not that big a deal
everything will be here by March 16th
hopefully rate of other than goes
smoothly I'm a lot of stuff will be here
tomorrow and the next day and even the
next down Saturday but it will not be
able to be outing the Saturday but it is
okay because it's not a letdown but it
is a letdown but I'm still really
excited it just kind of gives me more
time to prep and rehearse I guess is a
good way to put it I am very
disappointed but I'm also really happy
because I you know I'm not gonna lie I
look like a hot mess right now but that
is ok because I kind of sort of have a
valid reason that I have had a very long
night tonight and when I stand very long
I mean a very long it is currently 147
that's am definitely am looking looking
hey I'm it pinched my outside hi Jojo ah
this morning I'm almost to rhythm right
now so that is
no I'm just kidding I'm just kidding
welcome back to the lobby looking back I
have to go and I'm Jojo and I I'm 14
years old and I vlog every day and
that's my life and my show got picked up
Rosie's doing that performing at the
Kids Choice all right then I'm nominated
break it show swords mothers really
happy Wow all right I'm gonna grab your
love for the night because I am tired
and I am sleepy I think it has an S
around Monday thank you for joining me
along on this blog and guess what guess
what you're ready you ready
so what you're expecting was it what do
you say
