girl what is up every see when anybody's
out there in this whole entire world
skyhigh today I'm doing great I hope you
guys are doing good I hope you're happy
I hope you're not sad and I hope you're
living your life to the best experience
your life to be living in the club with
the one and only Jeff Lynn see hua
furniture shopper house the furniture
going furniture is John is coming I'm
Jerry that means after that our house
will be completed I mean now let me give
you a half stored no yeah yeah this cute
little girl I ran into her and look at
her belt yes you've got the jojoba kind
of like that yes yes my god they're cute
Jana Jojo Bowen love it first kid jojoba
this store I went into this little cutie
her name is Charlotte and look at her
bow - you got - Jojo well I like it
you're pretty cute I love you this guy's
look like my eyes met Helen and look at
she's got her jojomo it I like it
elegance awesome
that's three in one day school this
little girl is walking away but she has
a Bowen she has a Jojo Bowen we're
deciding which airs get to you at the
latest we get a judge born so it's four
four day wait for home actually we've
been home for like the past five hours
but in fact we don't need to worry about
that anyway we got a lot done while we
were home because I don't know if you
noticed but there used to be boxes right
there and we got rid of all those boxes
so that takes a lot of work anyway I
thought it'd be fun right now to make
some slide because I haven't read fun in
forever
then I think I'm going to make my first
times movie never been assigned
Commissioner Gordon sir I'm so excited
oh I love Indies life so I'm gonna go
make some slime now and I'm going to
show you each slime - the first time
that I made actually is not that good I
mean I haven't made slime in a really
long time so it's not that good I mean I
won't lie it is pretty cute though but
see that's the issue is it just kind of
breaks when you pull it apart but then I
find I'm you started with a clear line
and then I switch and I put purple blue
in it I mean it looks good
but like it's just not my favorite spawn
that I've ever made I mean it's just
like em barely stretchy it's just like
barely stretchy and so it's just like
not my favorite although our next one
that I'm going to make I'm going to try
to use like this weird glitter glue
I don't know imma see if it works the
same guys did it work
I'm so annoyed I think I just kept
adding too much water honestly and it
didn't work and now it's basically soup
it's not even worth been showing you but
on the bright side this one has actually
turned out to be really cool which I'm
actually quite happy about I mean it's
really pretty I love it I think it's
pretty I might ask them soup go into it
like I might add like blue food coloring
regularly this has actually gotten
pretty good I'm actually pretty happy
with this so you know what I'm not
making this one committee tonight I'm
just going to enjoy this slime that had
some food coloring to it and some random
things on the one I'm going to put in
there as well okay so I obviously like
mixed a whole bunch of things in this
and my hands are purple but now I'm like
doing like this insane amount of glitter
like and this is this whole tube like I
don't you can tell how much that is but
it's a lot of glitter I actually turn
this terrible purple slime into my
statement slime that I have ever made in
my life it's so glittery and show
sparkling I can tell you now by my hands
because they're very purple one
fluttering
but it looks really funny hold on okay
look at this it's like I honestly I
don't know if you can take it but it's
it looks so good in person like show it
and it's like not to love you into a
phaser which is super fluffy but it's
like it doesn't break because of the
foam in it which is so nice it's
unbelievable like I can't UN I've never
made such a song in their life like
literally look at that amazing
mid top map I will be dealing with
tomorrow are you guys I'm going to
shouting oh my lights off because that
is a wrap on tonight anyways hope you
guys had a good day today
there is my foot with my dude sock on
you know they're like such a Doozer I
hope you guys had a great
take a look again so much channel see
you tomorrow
