okay general yeah I don't know why but
for 6:30 in the morning I'm not that
tired
I don't know what it is I'm not tired
though like at all
I think I just don't look right hold on
inside or what mine that looks better
okay sure sure here kitty I have to walk
all the way over here because your dad
man over there huh it's really cool not
gonna lie it's really good over here
because they have so many I'm so fired
actually my favorite part of being here
I bet you you know that this is what all
the hosts am i right
am I wrong ha go me count that's that's
the girl who did the video Oh looks like
Gianna yeah it's fun to look at everyone
cool here really cool me yeah it's fine
I guess like crazy is what it is now
we're into the talent so the center
actually go this is the green room that
we are in today it's actually very nice
I'm actually very happy about it you
walk in this is a general view there's
couch couch couch TV that plays QVC a
fridge and stuff I don't know make up
room was very nice and I can see how I
look we are all wrapped up at QVC the
whole squad is following in by squad I
mean mom teacher Nickelodeon was very
skewed you're so awesome a lot of people
that knew both and a lot of people got
new jewelry boxes which is pretty
awesome
now we need it now I went to song twice
today George Lopez this is like Vicki
and come back or something yeah I don't
think it ever left but why twice today I
have introduced Orion like five years
oh well like this time I think it's
really funny that JoJo's phone is dead
Hey Dianna's minor mode Arturo's on his
phone I would totally be on my phone but
I'm vlogging and turn it up in heaven
phone Cooper's dead
Diana's looking at Duncan guy's dog oh
my god okay oh god you know I think I
needed someone who's awesome but I was
playing like no one cuz I don't want you
to know Dex to do you don't me to think
my phone bad nope Wow okay we made it to
the airport
and we're in the lounge I've cited
salado a long time like 40 minutes from
not okay I do not approve that resonated
I mean I'll say everything turn of the
track unless delivered you kidding any
sir
candy candy that's not is not the
longest result it can TV TV
ah boomerang
yeah like a rainbow like a few inches
later
okay yeah roll on duel sing it
good job and one more mile over Wolmar
want to go around while she does know
she's got a tree over we are home and it
is so late I shouldn't even say early
I'm going to tell you it we literally
like just got home it's 2:32 a.m. like
necessarily but anyways I would get some
sleep because tomorrow we got to go
furniture shopping scene in new table I
was like yes
and I forgot to say see you tomorrow
