- oh Jones army I get that all the
time
starting off the day walking dress ready
we are told in pulling up my phones
blowing up - we are headed to it be
multi cue pleasure mall well know how to
save that one going yeah king of Persia
King of Prussia King yeah I should just
stop by like Oceana buying Georgia
products because we don't really have
any so we're getting the teachers and I
said we don't really have any meaning we
don't have any of the stuff that we've
bought we've never had that shirt before
so we're like we got to get that shirt
because we've never had so we got to get
the shirt yeah this place had he ducks
in a cone he sat in at home and we tried
to be able and it's so good like
literally it's so good I'm here to eat
mine because I like I'm starving so I
ate it but my mom hasn't heard yet and
it looks amazing Diana started II heard
it looks amazing it's so good every one
dollar them
I'd like interesting I'd like a piece of
girl
so the pizza was a hit Jimmy ate it I
didn't eat all my T's I just like all
the cheese out you know if I'm saying
there's too much there's a lot of taste
weapons it was really really good
so number two that could potentially
have Google products going on a mission
on a jojoba that's not where it's
supposed to be someone took it was going
to buy I am doing great how about
yourself the conversation straight back
she looks like ginger me I get that all
the time
I'm no I'm honestly not you're honest
you honestly your donors and I did it
all the time I love her but like you
know I do but like it's the weird thing
no I'm dead serious
I love her and I like I I really I can
tell you I get it all the times you
literally all of the time or you an
extra terrible it's I'm telling you you
have to touch I'm telling you I'm not
it's actually like literally I get asked
all the time those are all the others
Joseph Rose retiring Jojo no yeah I'm
just I'm just as with you guys I am Jojo
that would be rad just kind of others
laughing so watch and the JoJo's juices
and YUM I'm gonna get some I'm hating
 friends to join me and apparently
my name is up at Rite Aid city fire I
mean what even are you guys this is like
cool back in the hotel that is it for
today's video you guys hope you liked it
you did great if you didn't come back
tomorrow and watch the next door no I'm
just kidding up look at so much and you
mines gonna be awesome because I'm going
to be on QVC tomorrow and also too I'm
going to do a really good job about
vlogging on the set tomorrow I'm going
to be very excited to be there I'm going
to vlog everything so can be awesome
you're not gonna want to miss it could
be my day on QVC to be great I always
got to go to bed because I have any 6:45
a.m. call time and my phone is dead but
it's probably I would guess about 10
o'clock right now gotta edit yeah oh
it's 11 o'clock my bed 10:54 huh I got
an image I should probably be asleep in
like 30 minutes to an hour so you know
gotta get things done so let me get some
fashion
