good morning everybody welcome to the
vlog um we are packing up because we're
headed to QVC rehearsal today outfit
that I planned on wearing was dirty so
didn't end up with that one
ah other than that that we're going to
go to QVC check it out I got to probably
go through some like training we got to
do the Percel and then we're gonna have
a fun day but I don't think we showed
you yesterday we have a really cool
hotel rooms like that's the bed area and
I mean not really cool but definitely
better than our last one two thousand
years later okay we're done rehearsals
we can't really show you much so sorry
about that but I thought it'd be really
fun idea because I love Jay Paul right
like I College videos and stuff and I
don't even know who he is I thought it'd
be fun to play all his music and you're
just face of it so here we go you gotta
give me all your thoughts and opinions
empty favor Dumbo folks that's all the
competition
yakety share the videos popping Lobby
shakes got a brand new role like I am
between pictures committed different
what is on is my favorite a pause on the
Ohio trying to go outside forgetting
what's in the field
Bobby split another reliable I never
want it warm
oh so Jeremiah hi this is Rin from why
are they making fried chicken in the
garden seriously they're making fried
chicken in the garden do you grow like
clams oh my god where they draw their
own chicken mega-desk a tomato please
so I do think it is wrong yeah I think
they're great I think they're lucky that
there's a team in the same doesn't want
this do it otherwise you are like that
hilarious
just me my compact chicken y'all comment
down below using me and J culture club
so comment okay hey love you Pablo I
don't love you to love this little
critter adventure well I go oh sure we
should probably book it's 10 o'clock at
night years I took my eyelashes off
absolutely said I said I already don't I
know you said I took my eyelashes off I
said I already took my eyelashes all you
got wrong with that yes I do boo no you
want me to put my eyelashes back on do
this all because I'm not going to do it
I go no this is about I don't really
have anything to vlog we're doing Jamie
oh you're trying to be a song see you
inator guy you're gross
not a question as a general thing a
dancer you walk into the store and
you're buying things and everyone done
is you because I your clothes and your
fruit your rubric hi dad you got put
your weapon with those in the stores no
my dad's like the funny guy right so you
want to do like you look by the play no
Jay no guy I was like yeah this is run
he shows you guys know because you guys
we're all you're like bitch clothes and
frou-frou head I mean you really think I
have frou-frou hair whoa look at this
baby who just showered and got freshened
up anyways tonight has been a great
night we got to show you some cool
things like my Madre reacting to Jake
Paul which I thought was actually quite
hilarious and actually I think it's
actually quite funny other than that
though today was a pretty children
tomorrow those are day off so we're
either going to like go to the mall and
go crazy
we're gonna lay here and do nothing so
we'll find that out tomorrow
so because Mauro see you tomorrow
