you guys before I even get this web
started I have something very exciting
to tell you I'm going to be on QVC now
if you don't know what that is glass
your mom or your grandparent or someone
and they will but also if you don't know
what that is that is basically like the
number one home shopping netwerk which
I'm so excited to be on so that means
that I have really cool new Jojo
products that are coming out and going
to be exclusive to QVC and I'm going to
give you guys first look on you right
now so what we'll be selling on QVC
there's three different sets of five
both then there are also two jewelry
boxes so the first set of five boats is
called unicorn dream it is so cute
there's like the bow holder that matches
the exclusive boat QVC so that means
you'll only be able to get on QVC so
that this bow then there's a bluebird a
rainbow a lightly row a purple belt and
there's a really cute white bow that has
pink purple white and blue rhinestones
on which I love lesbian porn dream set
this is the rainbow love set now I love
this one because I love rainbows I mean
so the bow holder is all rainbow and it
matches this bow that is rainbow love
then there's a green one a rainbow one a
red one and a blue one with rhinestones
which I'm also obsessed with I think
this one is so cute who does know a
rainbow and there's hearts for the
rainbow love obviously it's adorable I
love them so much and again this bow and
this bow holder are exclusive to QVC
which is so cool and the last boat step
but definitely not the least both that
is the dance it out set now this set is
really cute because you can wear these
to dance to gymnastics I know that is
specifically called dance and out but
that does not mean that you have to wear
these bows to dance there are so many
different cue bows on this that I love
so this bow is like arm braid and it's
pink and this also matches the bow
holder which is arm brace and that is
the one that is exclusive to QVC
then there's the white one that neon
pink one the black one and it's super
cute light pink with heart shaped
rhinestones on it which I love okay so
now the next thing is not about it is
not anything that I've ever told you
guys about before so I'm super excited
to be sharing with you then exclusively
for QVC we are doing a jewelry box we're
actually doing two jewelry boxes small
one and a big one they're both so cute
and best part is is that they both sing
a boomerang so this is the first small
jewelry box
we said peace out haters on the front of
it and you open it up and each of these
comes with a different necklace there's
one has a remain bow necklace a pink
necklace and then a light pink and dark
pink bow necklace and I'm going to do it
for you ready so when you're waking up
in the morning or whether you're going
to bed at night or whether you're just
opening this up why we're joining you in
is awesome inspirational song I mean I
love the song so that's the pink one
there's this one that's the rainbow one
and there's also this one that is the
light pink and dark pink mixed one so
that's the last thing that we will be
selling on QVC is a white jewelry box
now the white jewelry box is bigger my
dog keep sneezing the white jewelry box
is bigger and so you can fit more in it
whereas the smaller one is really small
but it also comes I don't actually have
that one here with me but I do have the
bow that it will come with now this bow
it's so cute it has all different
colored rhinestones on it which is
amazing you can wear with anything it's
awesome so this bill is so cute and I
love it so much so that will be talking
about the white jewelry box that sings
been wearing which is pretty big you can
fit pry five bows in it which is awesome
plus your jewelry plus your makeup
whatever you wanted to put in there
anyway so now I'm going to get started
into this vlog I just wanted to show you
guys these awesome QVC product I'll be
on QVC this Saturday between 10:00 and
2:00 o'clock don't know the exact timing
up is stay tuned because I will be
telling you that on my Instagram it's
sure to see well school follow me there
if you want to know the exact time I
still don't know the exact times but
what I know you guys will know makes you
tuned in to QVC because the items that I
told you we're exclusive to QVC are you
will only be able to find them on QVC
this is the only time for a long time
that you will be able to find these
items so you don't want to miss your
chance and you will also get a really
good deal on all of this stuff so you do
not want to miss it I can't leave a
cutie now the day to the vlog
Hey Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe
holy oldest left we only have like five
minutes in the cars now see here hurry
to cancel the cubing phone call last
night and then we messed up and we tell
it over some cards coming in like five
minutes
don't the car was coming at min dude Oh
fine someone has a QC calls allow it
so my dog is so mad and she's so
overprotective of it and it's so cute to
watches I'm gonna put my legs down and
we're gonna put Bobo by my legs and my
mom gonna come and pretend like she's
attacking my leg and I'm not attacking
your legs I'd watch it actually she's
like rubbing my legs it's actually kind
of funny we're like ginger walking Jojo
I love you so much Jojo steak and a half
hours mate Irish oh Jesus earlier today
but Bobo's new thing is really
protecting me like she'd love to protect
me now oh so nice oh oh oh oh oh so nice
Jojo
I love you Joey yellow-dog you will know
like that dog bigger mom she is big boy
okay um see you tomorrow guys
bye friends
