okay general that is how I'm starting my
morning with a big yawn is 750 8 a.m.
and actually no I'm not that tired now
but when I woke up I was so tired I
don't know why I'm fine mom what are you
up to
to get these balloons all of this thing
but I'm kinda strength oh oh she's
getting somewhere no oh
make a move ah so we're in the car with
Ollie hey coming out get out going to
the Sugar Factory me about everything
what yeah I just oh the walkers and
everywhere and Evelyn Jo Jo Jo Jo what
you do and I'm like it wasn't even me
this is totally her fault because she
was like oh yeah I'm sorry I was a team
effort when it was all me everyone's
email aimed every player
thank you cuties a kitty come all the
way all the way I know that little
remark
okay we are back at the hotel it is late
at night it's 1118 no us we party all
night just kidding where she don't do
anything
although we just go to sugar vectors and
we get back and then we forget to vlog
and then we just end up - anyways um
since we generally have anything going
on today we thought that it would be so
fun to plague little game for you guys
to late for my mom to be on camera so
what more than for me to be on camera
mom you won't play game yeah let's play
Joe Joe tells me it's a nice - Jax that
name is the name of the game doesn't
another I find question go for it what
is one thing he's done wrong and never
told me about um I don't really do
things wrong I'm going to come up with
something now I want to see you can you
think of anything why would I be asking
my mom if she knows of anything which
she clearly wouldn't know of anything
because indeed something I didn't I
don't think there's Isaac I agree if
there's nothing then there's nothing I
just I don't think there's really
anything honestly like I'm actually like
really trying to think about this I just
don't think there's anything okay next
time you wear her
oh I already look like it now I honestly
don't I don't want a boyfriend and I'm
going to tell you why few reasons number
one because it's a lot of work and I'm
not in the mood for that number two if I
date now what am I going to do in my
future what do I have to look forward to
and number three is that I don't want to
have to be somewhere oh my person here I
guess music so just I'm just not moved
for a boyfriend like it's just it
doesn't seem right to me and now I just
found anomalies and see like there
hasn't been like the one either where I
was like oh it should be my boyfriend
like I just thought you're gonna be the
one that know everything yet yeah that
issue but I'm like I'm just too little I
think like I don't want to the rest of
my life to do that so getting advice
from Joelle anyways you guys I didn't do
so much the narrating today actually I
guess I did a little bit of it but I'm
not going to do an outro narrating
because I'm right here I might as well
just a natural for you guys to please
blade I love you guys and we will see
you tomorrow tomorrow we're gonna have a
fun day we're going to travel we're
going to get to a PA which is going to
be great and yeah the exact mom so
excited I can hardly stand it really can
i music a night
alright guys see ya
