good morning everybody
how are you guys doing today are you
having a good day so far
good glad to know you have an amazing
day anyways today on the agenda I have a
shoot we're in New York I have a shoot
day for my special that's coming out and
it's called Jota tomorrow's happening in
a listen when later later not not now
but August 12th is far away yet anyway
so we have a shoot day for that today
this little snuggle pot pies coming with
us she's excited I'm excited you're
excited it's gotta be great day but
issues I don't know how much I'm going
to be able to show you but I think it
should be fine I think I'm going to be
able to show you quite a lot but I think
it's going to be a good day I think I'm
actually going to be able to show you
guys a lot of things where dad is
actually the Viacom offices which is
pretty cool weird that today oh cool
sounds good as not today that's tomorrow
doesn't really matter that okay manage
where we're supposed to be this is my
little green room
this is her taro her dear Lisa Diana
school teacher mom where did you put it
what is it what every mom check it I got
to get back into my wardrobe because I
changed because we had a little break
good news that we're almost done we're
going to be done in about an hour and 45
minutes but for you guys we're going to
be done in one eternity one eternity
later one eternity later we are in me
and hotel room back again but I got to
show you something I have like my first
good good pimple this is actually
terrible I have a pimple she got it's
terrible so I'm going to pop it because
why wouldn't I pop it
see that sounds like okay I got you
you do I got you oh look at that that is
just beautiful a little confused on why
this job complains at the photoshoot
ended being like a little brat and
acting all tired but then yet when we're
about to leave she gets into a bag and
wants to come with us
I just don't understand anyways we're
gonna go to masters will be there right
now
oh wow magical we came to math shows and
I oh no this one other party here I
thought we were the only people there
are a lot of people here but that's
because it's still early but they have
to ever here just like try not over here
like wearing ready to come in it's fine
it's like we don't need to talk about it
okay I did this through my belly then I
get when you here we go going down yes
going down we got food finally so
literally this is currently stored in
your from the far side what it okay do
we will see the difference all of that
beauty we're walking out might employ
looks cool that it's still red and
embarrassing it's fine though we're
walking up no bye
gentlemen I don't like it I'm sorry
you'll be in the block a great hiding
more energy sounds right
look at me go I'm not focused at all but
I am showered to that a good I'm proud
of that that doesn't happen too often
just kidding
anyways let's really come to an end a
real today mom we had a fun day shopping
in New York City what else went to
dinner this girl had a photo shoot today
that's pretty much it right boat she
said right I love this old dog and raise
you guys me my boy love you gosh did
wrong right Jess yeah shrewd market also
- I don't know if you can do this but
look at before I actually do in this
vlog I need to show you guys there's one
last time for the night look at that
that is terrible it's so bad
hey I don't like it okay it's fine I got
to deal with it anyways but guys
