you're crazy whoa I am all packed up
I am shoving my lights off and I'm
walking downstairs because I packed up
in like four minutes and I got ready in
like four minutes I didn't really get
ready to I kind of just put some clothes
on and did my hair I didn't do any
makeup but hey on the bright side you
had Invisalign in anyways Madre you
ready
where we going what are you looking for
New York
yes same same same and look who's coming
with us Boas coming you excited oh it is
going to be a great day
it is going to be an awesome then hey
there friends it's me real time Jojo I
know you missed me I was just going to
tell you after all this fun and magical
things feel like you magical is the word
of the day I don't know why but I just
used magical like way too many times
today and after this magical adventure
we mid to the airport but we went into
the like a American Airlines Club and it
was so quiet I can't you to tell you
just check it out
super-quiet skinny I'll check
I had overall water collection yeah but
we're going to be on the flight in three
two one
Wow magical we're on the plane I'm all
better than have my mind get out Bobo's
here over you and going the flight she's
enjoying it anyways this flight is
actually really cool so I'm going to do
a quick airplane to it for you this is
my my favorite thing this is a TV and it
like pops out next up we got the fancy
little tray table I mean say that we got
a few outlets here few outlets there
random little remote thingy I think
that's pretty cool buttons to control to
see light up there magical and there's
like footrest a soldier area what else
is there there's like just so cool
storage area and Mike sindelle the
bigger
I can't do it I don't
you're turning table and put away your
seal your work first black card must be
lower his monitor stove business was
neighborhood pain will now collect any
items you wish to discuss please put
away for Franco's movie club not even
going to lie that turbulent was one of
the worst turbulences that I have ever
been through in my life
I like turbulence and I actually like
I've been through a lot of turbulence
but that to everyone was here rubble
like I know I look happy in the film but
watching me back I was like wow that was
a mess good day so is that turbulence
was like the landing two joints kind of
like living with your like panting under
the cloud
that means depression is even close to
landing Wow Asli magical and as we're in
the car we obviously are not driving I
don't know if you can see that off you
can tell but we're not driving over in
here just chillin a little bag mom's
over there she's - money no heat I know
when drivers going right now but hey
it's all good it's all good know what my
dog is trying to do there you go like
this crack you're welcome for catching
you Bobo what are you doing back there
what are you doing you go back there all
by himself
but when the bag bag Jim all by
ourselves
Bobo's what are you doing wow we are
back at our hotel we're back at the
hotel
living the dream living the dream she's
got her computer I've got my computer I
have to edit the video for my main
channel that lets me up like three hours
ago
can I go me and Brad myself right Bobo
yeah she she said right anyways we
ordered something you know what Evelyn
there's no chicken tenders just thank
you the chicken tenders got cancelled
you guys what are we supposed to do now
I'm just kidding um yeah but I think
others if I actually get cancelled I'm
not the end of the world though but I
gotta edit up some videos Wow I'm is
something isn't this is no real food for
the night but it's arts next snack I got
me some cheesecake which looks pretty
good um all this in my sorbet oh nice
and this is your nachos whoo they look
actually pretty good too
okay I don't like barbecue a excited for
this food no I don't like barbecue but I
was editing up my video so I'll probably
take a break from that and eat some baby
because that's what you need you need to
eat some food kids a few moments later
oh yeah finally I dunno today she's just
about to tell me something but really
this is Doubletree we're driving hotels
I've literally been editing to pry the
have three hours I don't know why it's
taking me so long but I had edit a video
pretty good for my main channel didn t
be perfect but I felt like taking a lot
of time on it I don't know why and a
thumbnail I probably took an hour on
just a thumbnail which actually for me
is a really long time most people take
an hour but for me I usually will take
like 5-10 minutes I'm getting a light
over here so it looks good and so that
took me a really long time and I don't
know why but I'm finally done I'm so
happy it's literally going up just now
and it's 11:30 at night year but it's
getting late to here as I just said it's
11:30 and so we probably should go to
this I know today was just a full day of
traveling and we got to our hotel we
ordered some food I edited I mean
nothing too crazy happening today
tomorrow's gonna be pretty fun we're
going to go to some pretty fun places in
New York City so make you come back
tomorrow to watch tomorrow's vlog and
make sure you go back in time and go to
yesterday so you watch yesterday's vlog
and watch the day before and the day
before and the day before and go watch
all the vlog never get so much and see
you tomorrow
