good morning everybody and welcome back
to the daily vlog I am so glad to be
telling you guys this we are going to be
doing a new thing with the vlogs we're
going to try this out if we like it
we're going to keep it if we don't like
it we'll pry your rid of it but the new
thing is actually what you are seeing
right now we're going to kind of do the
vlogs more like a story so I'm going to
be kind of narrating it throughout the
vlog so this first one's gonna be a
little often a little awkward just
minded it's fine we're just getting
started with this anyway so what's gonna
happen is I'm going to kind of like
narrate it in real-time for you guys
when you'll go watch at the cliff and
I'll kind of explain it a little it's
gonna be really fun I'm excited to try
to sell you know what here we go today
was a great day I had so much fun we
started off the data with a pretty funny
prank we thought it was gonna be funny
but you just check it out for yourselves
you never see me with my hair down or to
the side it's usually on that side but
this is Diana she does all my hair
makeup when I do like fancy events and
stuff and today we decided to mess up
everyone and we're going to put my
ponytail on this side instead of that
side later it will stretch it like we'll
put it back on that side but just for
the fun of it we're going to put it on
the other side and we're going to see if
anyone notices or like it feels so weird
on my ear I don't like it alright
welcome to the party hello what did you
know it was wet okay you're the guy with
it this is joy with it yeah I wanted
some big crazy reaction but party we're
on the door while we go next Dora
Douglas
like why does no one notice I didn't go
in and did my hair what color on side
why did he do it
just a mess is everyone got like three
minutes to answer the gym so what's with
you this is it who is it going to get
you but no one got it like we have 30
more minutes that's our beds are out
let's see how noticeable no one notice
no frankly I was like okay well clearly
that prank didn't really work good ok it
was kind of a fail doesn't matter though
um then after that we headed over to
VidCon
alright so V you guys know me you know
that I love little babies and I think
they accused the hours I was so excited
when Tyler and Matt told me that they
were at VidCon and that came in Oakley
winner and so they came back in my
little room area and came and hung out
with me for a little bit it was the best
time ever
come on yeah oh yeah oh yeah look at the
night vlog hold the camera right there
perfect five times oh yeah oh yeah wait
wait wait I got my audience I write exam
oh you on camera identities is that
that's why back to our hotel because we
wanted to change but this wrote Bobo
does before she knows we're losing like
going to be I'll put her shoes on Jack's
honest I'm about to go get food donated
back to the dollar by the way but this
is what she does because she like
doesn't want us to go without her and so
she just lays there she also takes
torito's out of the dorito bag in
photography you can change on Salinas
why yeah yeah now we're at Joe's getting
the second part of our Joe's go getting
Joe's Italian eye and it's actually my
favorite place in an time I actually
love it I actually upset it's actually
amazing gives a weird kid back home and
now I'm going upstairs because I have to
do a lot of things tonight and one of
those things is that I have to pack
she's in the AG sacking hockey give a
lot Pat 31 pounds yeah which is
unbagging to back Wow okay okay
oh well good news is I have an attack
for VidCon so I'll have to unpack but
why would I do all the things that I
need to do sit right here and weekend
I'm really going to play the guitar
so while we're at VidCon my hair and
makeup I split over to the Jeffrey
starboard and bought me a ton of
highlighters and stuff which I am so
thankful for I thank you so much DeeDee
I love you but like literally she taught
me a whole life so I don't even know why
I did what I did today
it's just you'll see it'll look it's
done oh there's all this stuff I
actually I mean obviously I would never
wear this anyway because like it's just
not like real for me but um secretly I
love all this looks for the highlighter
like I actually love it it's like my
favorite thing ever because this is a
look it is a I have a question for you
what you think I mean you look a little
when you when you decide to play with
makeup of you I actually really like
that highlight enough the paint color no
we're cool I've put sparkles over it and
logos really cool you smell really good
fit make a personal do enterprise just
me I just founded just you it's a little
you like the look Jess shy way this
looks forever no I do for fun not
forever I don't want the green lips
anyway I'm writing a path for a little
bit and get that done o-hall I'm packing
and you know explain yeah explaining to
Bri where I had to have log she's on
FaceTime again some look it it was like
four things and now it's believed in us
but this is bow shoes everything you
possibly imagine
all right you guys well that is all that
we have for you for this vlog I hope you
liked it so much um comment down below
if you like the new style of logs I
don't really know this slug it's kind of
the first ones there don't even tell me
about this one
wait and see tomorrow's vlog and then
you decide if you like it or not and
it'll get so much it makes you subscribe
to our vlog channel because we will be
posting every single day and it's very
it's fun to post you guys and you do not
want to miss one so make sure you press
the notification bill that name it mites
are doing like a subscriber shoutout or
a notification shoutout or some
and so make sure you do both of those
subscribe thumbs up comment all of the
things will get so much and I'll see you
later
