my show losing battle Shorty's got big
numbers John Cena oh my gosh you guys
okay so I'm on my phone right now
clearly because my my camera I don't
disagree okay anyways Buick downstairs
it's dropping guy he was slightly and
earlier I don't like it these are
costumes I literally like 100 my gosh
all their tap shoes I'm literally
favorite like so much right now but at
least I was like you want to see some
things I gotta go quick my gosh oh my
gosh wait look at this I don't know I
really can't even oh my gosh literally
like in heaven right now like this is
like so cool to me okay I don't think
I'm supposed to be back here but oh oh
my look at these oh my gosh sorry I'm
not supposed to be back here
oh hey how's it going there's a sponge
robin spongebob how's it going it's
going great
yeah Squidward tonight just show me
something cool what's like the coolest
thing anything cool pretty good he's
literally like what I tell you he is so
good like oh I gotta go get my wig on
have fun bye
yeah good job good luck of course of
course you can take a pic if you like -
you're adorable thank you thank you but
what I was about to tell you is like
literally go is not someone who could
play spongebob better than this kids
like even it's so good like and use like
exact thoughts just I can't anything
like you would think like I want to go
in like their opinion says no one kind
of is that not like I am genuinely
telling you I'm not get ready it's soon
I should get ready he's performing what
we
no it is going to be the best points in
the night I'm going to be there
performing yeah I'm the number one both
OH I'm knocking but he's a little
nervous business bumps you can fight
anyone but but I should tell you good
luck thank you
no pressure from John Cena okay okay no
Vij's they are so good and I'm just on
like I'm fangirling right now just big
under here like behind-the-scenes stuff
he doesn't currently dowsers I'm holding
it look who I'm with
no one said these are all the little
kids from losing battle shorty so you
guys are waiting I have been waiting for
a week but wait about a week since
before the concerns for Noren easy
analysis before where else what else
okay let's go sit down talk about
something all right let's find some
lives of light there there's a light sir
there's a light there and now there's a
bag right here already kids are you
ready for my big news that I've been
waiting to tell you no it's not that I'm
not a break it's joys of art it is that
you're ready to ready get ready get
ready I'll tell you how to pray melted
cheese not a problem
plastic cup peels right off pancake
batter rolls out okay I guess I I just I
just love coverage everybody so what am
I waiting to tell you guys so here we go
I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna die I'm
gonna die oh my shell losing balance
Ernie's got me a fright
wow that was interesting well I got
makeup breezy there I was so excited I
believe I started filming as an Abdullah
I was gonna say January but January
happened like two months ago
but filling us I'm not supposed to start
happening bag up in July I'm so excited
this show is so amazing and it's so much
fun to get to create so that means I can
work with all the shorties kids again
here you got this neat earlier today and
today I can open the cannon again in
case you Patterson and Rene and J it oh
my gosh so many amazing people on that
site and I'm just so excited to get to
do it again whoa watch it so thank you
to you guys we're watching it every week
it's on every Friday night at 7:30 p.m.
I believe I believe oh my gosh okay so
now if you don't know what lipstick
mouth Shorty's is it is my TV show on
Nickelodeon every week these kids come
onto this show and they listening battle
it out and it's so Q in the causes of
the stage again
we even had a live animal on one of the
winners zebra zebra
so yeah it's such an amazing show and I
just I love it so much hope you've never
seen it before check out this little
sneak peek of it
I don't like so amazing gonna demon boy
on TV so make sure you watch it every
Friday night on Nickelodeon but Wow do
what I do I do have a few more
announcements to tell you guys for the
first time ever there is going to be a
salon fest in the United States and you
don't online this is check out this
little clip of me performing at
slimebags did you cast
so that was like this and then you came
again sedition is coming to Chicago the
only damages going to get tickets to
that I believe that is in sometime in
July I believe like July 9th and 10th
that's right actually go meet those guys
that's July 9th and 10th I am performing
again at it there goes there goes secret
I might even be bringing a new song into
my performance I don't know 100% but I
wanna hear the other performers include
myself Lamb pain Flo Rida and Zedd like
what and you guys know this already
because I dunno don't know everything
hi I'm Austin T performing at the Kids
Choice Awards yes the kids are time for
partying kiss your supper funny headline
Best Buy show got picked up for season
two kids choice also like my life is
just so amazing and I get to be my
favorite celebrity ever on March 17th
like what is my life right now so yeah
I'm not made for kids joy so it's a
favorite musical youtuber you do why
that's really like loading open come on
that imagine I keep say you're and now
after March 18 bugs it's gonna be
straight-up me promoting myself with a
kid's toy swords but that's a game you
guys they will tell me a long fight vlog
of our souls and all the things before
discharge or oh my gosh I'm just so
happy like my life is just so amazing my
life is amazing otherwise but my life is
just so amazing right now and I could
not be more like a static I think it's
daddy cuz the word I didn't know I
didn't know what to think this all like
here's I have to think of it I'm sorry I
didn't really have to think that of it
but I just really wanted to go I like
you liked the motion like and then the
wiping it's just fun for me okay but now
now now now now look at this I got this
whole messy suitcase yes I know it's
very very messy but there is a lot of
comfy clothes in there look and I got
like these old Jojo short I got this
little Jojo sure these little Jojo
slippers over here I got another Jojo
shirt I got another judge a shirt a
judge your sacks over this is a Georgia
hoodie is another Jojo hoodie lozenge or
Jobos another Jojo sure
I think I want to wear this one tomorrow
I think I'm gonna wash your way down
I'll fight home get that's good ID I
think I'm good with loans like with you
though I don't know there's to anything
the judge away okay but I do want to
change it I do wanna get comfy and I do
gotta go get this hair back to my hair
makeup artist Diana here your allknowing
love so much just like I do really what
I'm working on is something really fun
so I am planning this YouTube video Fred
watch out probably I think all the open
the channel it might end up being a
thing that I do my main job I'm really
undecided right now but I am planning to
do a huge obstacle course throughout the
outside of my house if that makes sense
I'm making everything so it gets here by
Saturday it's not gonna happen on sided
because like that's like four days away
but it's probably going to happen behind
this week or next week sometime which
I'm very happy about it's gonna be so
fun so is gonna be like a crazy Jojo
obstacle course but then I'm gonna gonna
invite a ton of youtubers over to do it
with me I don't know it's gonna be great
as of now it's planning to be amazing
like the coolest Tough Mudder what's
that thing called American Ninja Warrior
ever good change by then I don't know I
think it's gonna be really really fun
and I'm really excited to look at what I
got playing down so far I mean I'm not
really gonna spill any details for you
but it looks pretty girl
I've literally been doing this for the
past probably hours oh but I was like at
first I had an idea then I was like wait
does not gonna work because I would need
like a literal semi-truck full of this
thing kid that's not gonna work what I
was gonna do it in my mom came up with
this and I was like oh my gosh brilliant
never could put this in there and then
we're good but that it I gotta get more
gallons of paint speaking Wow
so many things I literally have 37
gallons of glue in my cart right now
alright nobody is gonna be super fun and
I think funny T so I'm really excited
for it but I gotta figure out who all
wants to do it then I gotta figure out
what day I can do it and then I'm gonna
figure out what I'm free to do it and oh
my gosh all the planning that involves
going on if I
much later yes kids I'm still working on
my obstacle course clever but it is
turning out great but I do need to go to
bed because it's currently uh midnight
and I do have a what I'm gonna call them
I think my call time I think I have to
be up at 6:45 a.m. yeah that's the thing
so I got to be up early and I gotta be
hitting hair and makeup early and I just
don't like early morning so I need to go
to bed before I just stood up all night
because that's actually something that I
would rather do can't gotta go to see
Papa really okay Julio's right that is
all that happy thank you for joining me
on the log on this vlog journey and I
was
