okay general good morning open to vlog
I'm currently my bad and because I'm
trying to see if I brought the window
there's well the beauty pads are I'm
looking for those but I am trying to
find the Windex because they need to
clean off these things among I try to
like walk down to not near I yet anyways
today we actually have nothing we have a
free day
ha-la-lu yeah but by the time you are
seeing this vlog my music video was out
kidney candy store so if you have it
already you should go check that video
out pretty awesome so my main youtube
channel my music video for my new song
go check it out anyways I'm gonna walk
it's in here yeah
here's this guy and this guy these are
the two things that I needed go me
remember wipe everything off in my room
make it look pretty make it small good
and then I don't have anything to do
this I might swim HUMINT send it in a
gun pitbull
it's okay it's not the end of the world
but for me that's not really the intro
like it's not that big of deal it's fine
not really like it's not the best thing
that could happen but it's not the worst
thing anyway so today should be quiz
Monday and get some singing demand colas
doing cheap I feel a video for my main
channel and runs oh I'm getting on there
but now I have this channel so it's not
that bad anyways today it's going to be
a good day
it's going to be a great day mall
display where this is not sponsored at
all but um I just want to tell you guys
this thing is so cool
Sebastian but it's cordless but it has
because I'm like
no it just wowed me it's amazing
I understand it but I just think it's
really cool also I'm getting my daily
fix of grid Anatomy while I'm cleaning
so I'm going to get my remote turn it up
finish questioning well I watch it I
literally Ionis broke this camera I was
sitting right here I was dusting the
table I hit it I caught it by like
literally like that like it was a mess
I just I have to tell you the room is a
success my there looks good nothing all
the floors
well there's stuff on the floor but
stuff that goes on the floors vanity
looks great bathroom looks great there's
some stuff that I don't keep in the
shower but I'm going to leave them there
because I'm going to shower later
tonight whoever x with the pork that's
under here
don't squash much away from closet looks
excellent I would say move some things
around in the closet not much I just had
like little buckets down there that I
move and get them out of way but now my
next area that I gotta do is this area
so what log in boom so the next area
that I got to do will be done in three
two finished look at that I was a cool
transition zone um okay I'm going to
explain to you what I did so my room is
pink you've seen my room before but when
I remembers pink obviously and this is
my brother's room slash a guest bedroom
because he's not here all the time and
that's blue so I made out here pink and
well she's always on the phone it's free
stuff for me so I can't really complain
that much um good news I saw my big iPad
and I got an iPad pro a little bit ago
and I found it so that's good and also
I've been away from my son like all day
today and snood like it was downstairs
all day and I didn't really go on it so
we catch you up on some things I need to
get to I'm bored out of my mind
now if you don't know but I am sounds
like awesome at the video to my main
channel so Hans getting right my tripod
head well it's all that and I joined up
with a brilliant idea so we have our big
computer and we're missing the mouse for
it so so literally sir there's a
delivery service in California called
postmates and you can have people go
anywhere and get you anything and bring
it to your house and so for the fun of
it as we're missing the vows of my
parents I know I want to postmates some
Mouse and for me it's like a mouse cage
or rather no mouse I was like a mouse in
a mouse cage and like a little um what's
called food and they'd look at or
something and I want to put it in here
and tell them that I found us a mouse so
therefore I'm going to judges I know if
I'm going to win or fail but I'm going
to try so I got to go back upstairs and
try I got down low pose made you can I
deleted it but I really want to do this
and then I'm going to have a pet mouse
come all no um this is actually going to
be pretty funny actually I really hope
that I can do this I will update you in
a minute okay so the master live in here
and I really had got accepted so what
happened was the first door that I
ordered from didn't get to look like
they didn't have my sir tech code did
have mice well he said he said that it
was like they were like remodeling so
they did have my joy cages or anything
and he said to go to different stores on
the Paisley with anyway so the boy see
hi
another postmates sin and now they're
going to Petsmart ah gonna get some mice
and my friends on face time which I
exhale oh oh wha we're talking I'm
telling her my my story that sounds like
a great oh oh not though not not nailing
up those logs more important than use
yep yep yep yep only because you hang up
on me half the time yeah sure it's very
true but I'm so excited to my cigar
you're not for ten good thirty Venice I
can't even and I organize that area so
that I wear it there
I'm still on the phone I'm trying to
fight and I'm about to plug my phone in
somewhere though because it's about to
die
I had to reorder it three times what
audience but it's because the stories
were out of mice they were out of stock
yes oh she's showing off all singing my
classmate is going to be here with my
two mice in like two minutes so I'll see
you when I get these my cell phone
vibration singing but it came and
looking you'll be so proud of me the
mice are in there and I just finished
building the cage took me a good ten
minutes but I did it look beautiful huh
- now the issue though is I'm scared to
touch some ice I've never had a pet mice
I don't know what it's like I'm very
confused so I'm going to touch I'm given
cage and call like good yeah do you
think he's fun of me because I'm scared
of weird legs jumped out it's not
chilled out okay it's not oh it's like
shaking or something okay so I just feel
this thing open and then I do it I'm
done
yeah and then you bring up pitfalls a
lot of the same guy when he can you know
I can do that
the case Toros
yunjin Jordan open okay okay it's a
water closes water yes okay your kitchen
just pick him up okay
I'm trying to do so you can watch the
top mode yes I watch it okay I've got a
thing going
wait I know I know I know oh my god
they're like peeing hoodleheads Oh God
okay I'm going to get them in their
cages right sit it in so proud of myself
here we go I just pull off the best
prank ever
this is unreal I just order to what live
titmice how do you feel about that Bri a
little scary
oh good native I'll be like nibbling on
that little treat that I gave them we
don't cute the arm every so scared how
long does it take me to get them in the
cage winter break surgeon is literally
30 minutes I'll tell you when I started
because that's when I called my mom as
when I started
oh good good I called my mom up
at 4:46 and it's 5:17 and I just got on
in the cage
not having it and when I was so cute he
was running a little hamster real soul
she hit man to it
what it like look at him he's so cute
and this one's over here eating so I got
one of these guys is eating and the
other one is on the hamster wheel like
wow one one gonna be big and was gonna
be skinny okay yet I'm just like I'm so
happy right now this was going to be a
literally go sprint over and can't even
as I did I can't even I legit just did
this one rat is hiding or mouse whatever
I got hiding under here hey fella you go
down to there be good I think he's fine
and the other ones exercising and I want
to put this one in this I want to see
how far away my parents are I can't wrap
my madres phone let's see says that they
are about over there pretty far far not
too far little critters
well fellas and we decide I decided
actually says these are kind of like the
vlog PES that their nickname under the
JJ is one of them and swirled to the
other one of them pretty brilliant huh
bobby's are you I hope there he or she
uh them yeah the Sun one of them keeps
exercising it's like I much the other
wasn't sitting over here eating and it's
actually quite hilarious I'm not even
gonna lie
oh my god I never thought I would like
mice so much yeah a little mice air in
here they're all good
I haven't take the little wheel so now
oh my look at this
why are you able to do that Bobo's
barking because I put it away
um the ones eating this one is climbing
one of them all she does is eat I don't
know there he's or she's the only thing
that the one does is eat and the only
thing that the other one does is
exercise like the one else and climbing
up everything exercise the one that only
eats eat like it's so weird anyways I'm
going to shut this door and I said about
two minutes back so who's a great family
like hey I'm going to go in the office
because I want to see what you guys
think of this now I'm going to tell them
that Apple came out with a really cool
new remote and so I ordered it for us
then I'm you're going to be like isn't
it good to you and then we have two
Mouse's in our house Wow life is so
sweet yeah can you show me
alright come on come in the office
you should be nothing's popping out you
better use a new Mouse that's what I got
your mouth
what is wrong with you you another names
No j-jane swirled funny hair got see yep
that is 50s errors into my life you
don't attempt to write come on just
you're going to hold on come on baby oh
oh oh I eat it is not matter what you
got you gotta know something
I can't even take my foot off I'm so
broke down right here in the wheel did
you like yeah Micah
multi-strategy advice out of their house
depressing oh oh god no don't go
Oh everybody Oh drop it it won't they
I've been holding all day why
we got a new Matt mouse for the mag to
bow to mine looks like they laid a big
turn
no that's a tree oh god there's one what
is wrong with you see I see what he is a
lot of the vision you had wife delivered
oh yeah
he wants to see you Lindsay down what is
insane you're driving on the real hold
on so finally I took the wheel out and
now he's been doing this that okay well
how do you feel me and my dad are gonna
go do something with them they will
probably donate don't care don't want
something that you are to love it you're
doing so much love do you realize like
right where I want you to - I'm miss
Holliday are you mr. diamond tell you
the story I post a disease I wish I had
this is all right I'm so excited
okay that we took them to the local
shelter and they're taking care of good
we have been 20 bucks but it's good
they're good they're gonna find a home
we're gonna go check in a level see how
she feels about this
well you got mom I don't know
how much do you hate me how much do you
saw me was very good yeah beautiful I'm
okay okay but wait did I get you with
the with the prank yeah I got it
so good so is it so now that all of the
recklessness is taken care of I had a
shower cuz I smell like a rat mom didn't
I smell like a rat I smelled like rap I
kinda do smell like crap but I oh good
ready to say okay we should carry my
Cheerios you know we can do that making
kid dad makes you watch go where she got
there
it good what that coloring book is
awesome I don't want to find the page in
you
so I betcha it says those pages out hold
on I'm in this coloring book it's
actually really smart idea page number
oh my that's pretty awesome
oh yeah oh my god it's really cute
all right huh that's actually a really
cool project anyway
I'm bout to know why are you on a hunt
for dishwashing stuff so we can watch
her grow tea dishes think is it over
here how they no no but anyways
nothing too crazy going on right now if
I head up to VidCon tonight Oh mom I
found this really cool shoe website
they're gonna love it kind of some
really cool shoe website your died it's
great
anyways I'm excited for food you're the
parents cleaning I'm leaving going
upstairs because I hit up a dad and I
like this but I don't think I'll wear
tonight because I'll try see people in
Lobby so I change I mean it was cute
with the purple but I'm not an orange
person I mean I I like orange but I'm
more pink you know so I'm trying to
change back things up down here I think
I hit the button wrap things up down
here in this little house of ours and
then gonna be on our way to and I'm in
the Hyneman I'm egg kind of ready bolo
is so ready but was coming with us
should grab
a toy so get the dragon I didn't know
what he could go he could do that
something new sheet or a leg off of it -
she crazy it was wrong headed downstairs
I'm pregnant link here and about our
cars we coming about 30 minutes some
little bit ahead schedule which is good
but I still gotta put focused things
over here and all right done comin what
that I need food
Salter's holding she does need clothing
always that's how close what we're we're
Thank You little kinky boots I'm just
saying this is hi my favorite blog that
we have ever done really I have to make
sure that I have a computer charger
because yeah that should be mine okay
that's good
I'm going to want this SD card that is
in this camera because this source open
mic this is what I shot the footage of
the rats on I'll probably edit that in
the car and then I'll do the music video
cuz I have to upload the music video now
so I'll go up tomorrow but your guys's
world you've already seen music video
we're already that when I get back to
hotel right now so if I do that then
I'll do a vlog and car um otherwise I
think I pretty much got everything that
I need I am is way ahead of schedule
cool and my hair doesn't look at us but
hey it's fine
No all right all the matters
