okay general good morning vlog world
welcome to our beautiful hotel room
that's all at resi I'm right we're in
Anaheim getting ready for VidCon and
Jojo is going to rehearsal because she
is going to be in the opening number so
this is a really really really big deal
she's super excited last year let's look
let's review last year at VidCon didn't
even have a pattern you know half we had
like go ahead just love Dance Moms
we were with an MCN we the way she
performed boomerang
my mom died the day before the day oh my
mom died the day up we would do we never
passed with nothing last year at VidCon
we're a hot mess limited a madness you a
good time oh but some wasn't good to
happen last year at VidCon is that I met
savanah and cold yeah yeah yeah no it
was good it was good and we made a lot
of people and we did a lot of fun things
but it's just crazy in a year how now
you're going to be in the opening number
on the main stage with todrick and Marie
the things I want shoes in an autumn
todrick and glozell don't line up yeah
so the battery did no no okay how many
should happen is your problem when your
shoes don't light up maybe Zoe what's 70
then we're not running light worth a
perfect okay so with some breakfast
you can tell we were starving this is
Jojo I have bacon Jojo eat sausage
neither one of us did it
we shared a fruit plate really didn't
make a dent in that and we shared an
omelette didn't really make it did to
Matt either oh and the bagels
there's the bagels oh wait they're gone
clearly we enjoyed the bagels I had a
nice diet coke for breakfast and Jojo
had a nice apple juice
hmm what else we got here you have these
beautiful why now we are it doesn't
matter
you're a break sorry well they're cute
you don't need to light up that's fine
yeah why striking a light up if we're
off tomorrow I want to go to studio okay
there you go there you go before I throw
I want to go oh my god it's gonna button
on this end home I always tell them with
the heel you're dumb and you know it
clap your hands
okay alright so anyways I just got a tag
hey there just checking in on you yes
Jojo we need to go okay all right even
though I said we weren't late
sorry attract especially because
inaudible feeling okay we'll catch you
later
so I'm sitting at rehearsals little
blurry waiting for Jojo it was like
chilling in the crowd by myself I pretty
much have the whole place to myself
right now
I'll give you a little tour there's
everyone sitting and watching
so here I am I have rehearsal for Jojo
to be in the opening number with todrick
and some dancers and I am the only mom
here because she is the only minor so I
am just chillin by myself
you can see how to basically had the
whole audience so it's all and there's
the sound booth over there there's a
stage and they were blocking some things
but they stopped and they did the
soundcheck are you so maybe they'll be
running it and a little bit but super
excited for a VidCon ah we're going to
it was like really super closely Marla I
really not do backward so just give me a
second people so like I was saying there
you know there's the whole setup right
there
were super excited for VidCon this year
because last year we were kind of a mess
of it kind of up we weren't with the
network we weren't with an MCN and I'm
already just died and so Jojo had a
little performance that she was doing
and then people ended up giving those
passes we ended up being here like it
was just kind of chaotic but this year
it's amazing because we're going to be
with Nickelodeon all weekend in their
booth so come via computer Joe and if
Joe's busy you come to me and if you're
waiting she doesn't like waiting line or
something and then you know it's going
to be fine like we know a lot of people
and it's going to be so amazing and I
think that we're pretty lucky and be a
fun day and you guys later
I'm wearing them rehearsing her part
shows like there we go
a great stage lots of light
there we go I'm going now you can see
everyone working in rehearsing blocking
thinking creating
Oh
over the course of the day we're lucky
numbers immediately - you're welcome I
remember all my friends from Uniqlo
is you gonna get them into that or it
already three good reason I can't leave
her there is not here because we argue
my similar loan over there for 30 days
I'm gonna shove this camera off the
diving right now kneeled and shut up
without looking around watch it again
looks like seriously camera goals
literally I can do it oh my god Mia's
party and my lighting is just fabulous
I'll take you want to jack people born
Lila are here there's one way to go and
this is just about it I do not actually
come party up here um there's a lot of
people back here some people I don't
know Danny
yeah
I'm sitting Lila job is doing oh well
see ya
yet I'm gonna go on campus house hello
which is the other half the party to
cookie and I'm going to find out when
you put on is there anything cold on my
blog right now I'm always open up a
monster we are on logging everything
laying around every figure out baby
because every well we're back home
finally
tonight was a super fun night super
tired that's not a bit of big-time thing
the opening performance that snapchat oh
not again I miss where my backpack is
can get in my bag upstairs I was a
anyways I'm going to go put some jams on
and call it a night so therefore I'm
going to wrap up the vlog manga pick the
house thing me yawn that's locked you
know boom nailed it
we're going up down we're going the bag
because we are tired I mean we still got
a mile walk to a bedroom actually said
Oh see mom I got to tell you something
one thing and they don't like about this
house and then it nice about our
apartment is we got home and we were in
our bedroom what
it's so bad okay fire and you want to
get out you should lock your door yeah
all right hard idea is the whole board
time there for now I'm just gonna like
that with the hoverboard just push it
back all right all right song for the
night would you guys want to do
something sad the what now
so you're our friend um you wanna do
something bad who's that my realm is
imperfect but about the true danger you
live here but what's happened I couldn't
figure out which where this morning or
tonight so it's a little bit of a mess
oh my God my room is hot shut the air
vent oh right here
good go to bed I'm tired goodnight guys
so you guys do well
