okay general good morning and welcome to
the unfocused vlog sorry I'm here now
good morning my job is my vision and I
shut the door because I'm about to go
make breakfast I'm in a little guest
room it's not completed yet but it's
just cute look when I was like I'm gonna
go make breakfast and I think I'm gonna
make pancake so that should be
interesting painting lady fiercest in
school guy
so if you make people here who is making
pancakes not in your life in a lot so
it's a long difficult Oh like I spilled
a hole into the batter not over watch I
guess like I saw some of that not good
like I don't even know what this is
supposed to look like I just assume that
I'm doing it right I made them make sure
that they told me to make but I didn't
happen I don't want it that much
oh I did it right though
and then I got the issue road do I want
to make one big pancake we're going to
make a few little ones I think a few
little ones then I got the issue of what
shake don't wanna make but I can all my
batteries right though that's the issue
okay is this right like I think it is
I'm going to start a little on earth no
one would let it thicken because that's
what that's it here we go
got my old griddle oh it's hot I need to
spray it with that stuff open it there
we go and hold on wait for it to focus
it's coming this camera is the worst all
righty so everything won't stick I got
my batter I moved it into a smaller like
a more like a pourable
they know what I'm doing honestly how's
that look ma'am it's okay I'm not going
to put one more okay
run this over here I will wash that on a
second and know how you let you do my
pinkie from there done got to get the
syrup out the bar flip you out the
what's this thing home bachelor Oceana I
think she's in this dishwasher we're
done yep two in the dishwasher I'm going
to need it and now living in the top
like our apartment whether it's type of
much here to get to the bathroom and
literally be in the kitchen here but now
it's a house completely different it's
like actually crazy like I would never
complain about a bitch
it's crazy final product I'm so proud
I'm buddy Jesus I gotta go get ready my
breakfast was amazing I get you under
basically going on my mantra is room so
I'm through the dickhead we both change
and we pack because right now it's a big
hog tonight you might be like oh why are
you doing some really because big jugs
monument until the weekend but it's
actually funny sorry we're going there
and back and there and back in there and
back and in there it always complicated
but I'm super excited there's like my
outfit
it's really cute I actually really like
it we're like moving out like 10:00 at
night but that's my outfit and you're
not on the whip boy back in Washington
and I thought herself she's good but
self
super gentle VidCon maybe I think
Nickelodeon booth
pretty much all weekend I'll be there on
Friday and Saturday I believe I'm super
excited for gonna be great also in the
opening number so be there but you guys
are gonna I can't tell you what's
happening at the Nickelodeon booth but
there is gonna be fun something that I'm
gonna be like doing some fun stuff with
you while interacting with you guys
meeting you guys
I'm upon something really exciting I'm
doing at this Nickelodeon bit skin-tight
about it though yet because I haven't
gotten the green light to tell you about
it but as soon as I do trust me I will
tell you but other than that should be
pretty fun so tomorrow
why would I really is because tomorrow
we have rehearsals for the opening
number
and I'm super excited I'm great there's
some awesome people in it I'm super
excited we are the Nickelodeon vista
makes you come there we awesome anyways
we're going to leave in probably about
Plymouth my dog is trying to bury your
bone in the couch and it's actually
quite cute Bobo Bobo you did not do a
good job you did not nail it
try harder she's like Lola you watched
us ready this is she she hit it all the
way back in there and it's just kind of
funny because she doesn't know that I
know where she hit it oh there she goes
she got it she's going to go find a
better shot dodge quite smart idea
bobe's you should just leave it in my
room so when you're stuck in my room
you'll be happy to have it it won't Q
well Q I love that little girl ah yeah
bit come on fill me up all right finally
in the car
I'm going to get some editing done I get
edit yesterday's vlog
oh it's right here okay Thomas boiler
room get eccentric let's have a closer
peek limited are on you
Oh expert teenagers like Oh which one
put on the internet deploying oh yes I
gotta edit up it turns on and I'll
support it when you home or wearing it
Anaheim
