okay okay general good morning everyone
okay again I can't recruitment so those
packing up Eric ran more equipment trees
you know Stefani Homs driving I know
what you just came over between cells
these are for the people this Father's
Day happy Father's Day Tom happy
Father's Day to birth dad good father
can you tell me where I'm going
sure my battery's less than I said okay
I'm going to a so he is having a
birthday party and I'm filling in for
her George of spotty of luck I have my
camera so I walked over you guys
so I'm going to film for her if I got
like all my intense camera looks I got
mine so you're actually going to be like
the film are the producers directors and
editors I can't read content crews
around cameras on camera are you
lighting - I'm lighting yet alright so
we'll be back later all right
yes I know it's just dollars in the car
but today was fun 4 o'clock we're going
shopping right I'm super going on to
lottery winners and Z Gallerie yeah I
think we're gonna go not
Photography mark
fine in the letter fun reading stuff
Volusia yes I got a couple purple bass
silver foam
cool I was going to be silver black
white purple city chains purple family
three shades of purple Suzuki great yeah
I like it I feel like you'll again yes
love it I mean star map the more you the
star map star map TURN RIGHT start man
and someone here at all ideas posting at
EMC bus drove right by us and like you
missed us oh no we did I actually shot
at the top of my lungs
Dan's mom's right here you miss the
dance on girls and then they didn't take
the baby band a hit man music I trying
to hassle my turn i dontoh don't
beveling when old art oh yeah I would
thank you um maybe executive decision
I'm going to get Buddhist put this to
the store instead but Shh go get some
food and I'm also I gotta tell you
you're not going to see us in the store
I'm just for warning you we're just not
as long in the store Cantor table
you made at home I'm actually doing the
most normal kid thing that I've ever
done in my life
tonight I'm coloring um Gomi looks
pretty good I'm using this pink right
now on all of these little thingies
she's over there on her phone oh hey not
funny it's not funny at all
she's making some grilled cheese I make
videos nothing too crazy they're going
on tonight know what I owe you one day
oh and I chosen colors I'm coloring it's
kind of Airy I'll show you the final
picture when it's done and five minutes
later on board of color and that's it I
finished I did a lot so I'll finish it
later legged I did all the cherries all
the wand and all the diamonds except it
I'm done I'm gonna go play the guitar
maybe cuz I nup did it good job would go
I might make a pancake just because I
want to use the griddle all right carry
any my blanket into my room um but I'm
about to edit yesterday's vlog but um
today another refund to give you guys a
vanity tour because I have a super
humanity isn't it cute like I love it so
I show you guys everything that's in
there because y'all like the room tour
so like mother will do a really jewelr
let's go alright so I'm going to sit
down as I do this so I'm just going to
put my name right there and I'll
probably go store by drawer and is there
something that I need to show you I'll
show it to you so I'm going start with
the little glass cases because that's
going to be like the biggest thing
that's like the cutest that's my
favorite actually
so in these math cases it's like glass
George I'm gonna shut this off so
there's not like a light reflecting on
so in these little glass cases I have
like cute little display makeup so it's
actually real makeup but like I put
their drawers so I put like cute little
bows and pink makeup because I don't
know if you notice that my whole room is
pink oh yes I did that drawer at this
store is all pink and white different
shades of pink this is the only thing
that is not pink like solid a pink and I
did that because I only bought this
palette specifically because I liked the
top of it so that's the story with that
one but then yeah my vanity has these
really nice little lights that are super
bright and like there's amazing and I
love them this over here is like my just
like cute little pink stuff so I got
three perfumes two hair products all of
them bowls I mean they're great over
here I got my little bracelet that's
silver and my pink sunglasses so now
getting into the drawers and this top
drawer I have my everyday makeup so like
whenever I do my light makeup every day
that would be the stuff that I would put
on my face it's like that's like where
like I don't use all of it every day
don't worry but it's kind of like my
stuff that I like to use every day I
said my brushes and my beauty blenders
these brushes get stuck back there but
there's brushes right here on my Beauty
Blender is under here is all this is my
favorite drawing this is all my pigments
and all like my like sparkles and stuff
I love that chore this jar is also
really cool this is all my ponytails so
this is actually crazy it has all
different sizes and also like little
clippies and stuff too but that's like
definitely has to be one my favorite
ores also it's crazy there's so many in
there that's my cutest little puppy ever
these are my hair products that I don't
always use um I like these I just don't
ever really use them and the life spray
in case you're wondering is not because
I have life it's actually because if you
put life spray on your head after you
shower it cools your head down to the
tea tree
like feline smells so it Bobo not now
not in the mood anyway um well I think I
was here I just saw my hair colors
nothing too crazy then here is stuff
that I want to keep but I don't know
where to put so I have to Joy's are like
that and now other side I got my fun
palettes that I like to use just random
little palettes that I might use same
thing in this drawer just ran a little
palette so they might end up using that
I like this is all my lip stuff a lot of
my lipsticks are pink and so they're all
in here but these are all the extra ones
this is all my hair brushes there's a
few more in there this guy is my hair
product that I use mostly every single
day I took this cap off my hair spray
this is sea salt spray and I love it
this is my shimmering stuff there's kind
of like paste it's awesome I love it
this down here is on my wand so I got
Mike waiver or crimper so I can call it
a valid waiver excuse you I got my
waiver I got my straightener and I got
my curling wand well I know I know you
want me to play with you so bad I know I
know
anyways um and then down here is another
stuff that I want to keep but I don't
know where to put it and I can't even
open that because that's kind of fall oh
my gotta have rearranged something but
yeah vanity hope you liked it and I'm
trying to wrap it up for the night
doesn't my roomie you guys you saw it
yesterday but I loved it so I hope you
guys love it too circuit over um but
tomorrow should be a pretty good vlog we
are of a dating I believe and I don't
hope we can film at so I might be a
little bit of an issue but I'm not the
gardeners come in the cleaners come in
really no it was um song of the night
she's going to be you know what I'm
actually gonna make a no not going to
guess on how I got to make up a song how
about like
makeup and hair makeup and hair makeup
and hair makeup and hair makeup in hey
yeah sure like it's a job done alright I
love you guys so much and yeah so
actually before I call my mom in here
but before I call my mom
not with my insane before I end this
video I give them a vanity tour
oh right before I end this video ah oh
really really personally down sorry um
before I end this video I urge is so
important everything is open right so
cool I mean guys are halfway to a
million so we're getting a million black
oh that's a big one oh yeah tell all
your friends tell everyone I need
evidence first of all thank you so much
for five hundred thousand but here is
your job tomorrow when you hang out with
your friends or when you are with you
whenever you do anything with anyone
tomorrow whoever you see tomorrow I need
you to tell three people I need you guys
tomorrow to tell three people or today
you're awake
three people to come subscribe to this
channel yeah so cool when you're easier
Branson hands on the bus Jana let's go
watch them three people and they can try
to be subscribed so I need three I need
you guys to tell three friends to
subscribe to them we can hit a million
really if everything will subscribe when
we told one fun but some people some
people will be Blacker's yeah yeah well
if you do it would be one soon if you do
it comment down below your Instagram and
we're going to be going through on
Instagram and liking I was getting mad
at her because she says she has setting
powder on but I'm wearing white and
she's like you know it's good mad at me
yeah well oh it is ma'am no I love Jaime
I love you but like white hoodie and
makeup like matter cuz I wasn't matter
her job laundry anyways anyways love you
guys goodnight
where are you I'm just I gotta tell you
one more thing please come here I gotta
tell you one more thing enjoys it enjoys
it it's a milestone
Sears model this vlog right now that we
don't again go on
yes this is our 60th song okay next day
like six zero a sixty looks like a lion
how are the force
yeah go ahead guys on your I know you're
gonna say that didn't you I did 60 day
that's older than you and me combined
mmm BAM all right feeling guys we love
you see you tomorrow for real now see
you tomorrow now we're going to be doing
we have really good I know
