hey general good morning hi min my
madres room right now because the
carrier was in here so I came in I
grabbed the camera now I'm about to
leave um but I had to tell them
something what I have to tell them that
I'm sorry because we haven't not been
vlogging very good like okay but I'm
gonna be honest like we've been doing a
lot and it's just like yes moving like
not the most thing that we've ever done
but like it's quite a lot and so we're
really yesterday remember they just like
got here and we just kind of moved in
and we didn't really I mean I've watched
a little bit yesterday but now that
we're actually in and situated all
probably will be better about it I mean
I know for sure we will
um my room looks so good it's so cute
like people walk in it and they like
love it like it looks really good so I'm
really happy about that
I learned how to play a little bit on
guitar
I'll show you what I learned on my
guitar um I taught all this to myself by
the way like I just I'm literally just
like sit sit down for like 30 minutes
and I taught myself so I learned how to
play a major chord
gomey um did I all know should be here
should be here should be here right now
here here here we go ready five six
seven eight
got an E major and I also learned how to
get over here here oh it's on my leg and
played smoothly and it's a major so I
learned the world around the guitar
today but other than that I mean I
really I just woke up I'm right about
shower I think I should shower before I
get ready and do all this didn't want
dog go to the bathroom
yep yes she did okay so I'm going to
wash these rug cuz I figured that's her
she was about to me
last night because I did not prepared
out but yeah so I'll be sure to enjoy
later today because why not
okay so I'm mid FaceTime with my friend
Jana but my dad is missing some
maliciousness and yeah is vlog but I'll
show you what my dad's making in a
second Jana please turn can we take the
bread and we put it in the waffle iron
and we make pizza so oh yeah what do you
do on your tablet
aye-aye captain good but now we want to
try it with the peanut butter and the
jelly
me and my mama think it'll be good Oh
somebody here Isidro got it no Blass
came back up Phyllis um can I have one
so what that move this one in it
cheese aroma prep learning
might be I'll get by without the cheese
on the top yeah but we'll show you paint
butter and jelly feeling result look at
him go go there's now making herself
named two eggs and a piece of sausage
nom nom a little positive ten cakes my
vagin what your beautifully German
sausages pancake very cakes and sausage
Thompson hey no you got Tom he's making
a peanut butter and jelly sandwich on
the waffle makers I got volume into this
startled fired and I can turn I'm there
did you turn the stove on and oh you're
making it on a griddle already she shall
Callisto it true you laughing
Falacci since you have a stove right
here is like a star so four stars and
look at how pretty it looks in your love
it's like a star for the door I mean I
griddle oh I'm going to turn it up and
then I'll turn it down uh-huh that's
that's the way to do it no no no no no
you won't get it down that quick there
you go
yeah my little snausage makers oh my
little egg maker what the healthy eggs
no no your dad mom healthy why you're
probably watching sausage - oh don't
mind our hot message yeah yeah they're
just bride is microwave them cherry
tomatoes yeah oh yeah
so Tom's parents are coming today if
they oh they're going to see our chaos
alright I'm hearing I don't know I asked
your dad to ask him but he doesn't you
know ooh gonna do what for dinner and
that aunty she go to city wok and do I
fly I'll be fine ok they say but I like
to watch you fly and then we can take
them to Margaritaville then I love their
nachos really 4 minutes
yeah no how would be fun to it thank you
get those voodoo doughnuts or it was 100
any kind of in a house we do we go there
early let's run slowly walk inside go
there early
thanks Maxine mm mmm we don't have like
this we don't have it yeah too much work
to do most people I texted them all
right
we're books up in the car driving JoJo's
in the back
Jojo do you want to tell her mum where
we're going like a ring one chilly we're
going to Chile
JoJo's absolute favorite restaurant in
the world
so and we just have to actually got like
you bet we were dressed we're ready I
mean sorry but you know and they're
actually the Chili's really close to our
house so that is pretty cool because I
am sick by mile yeah experience to
invite five smile Thomas parents came up
we are ho five miles for three miles to
my hotel back windows remember Jojo is
closed it's like ten minutes away I'm
Lee Haney is on the street
we're gonna hug eyes nationalities so
yeah so Tom's parents came they want to
go to Chili's with us so it could be
expensive Chili's come today
I am just in my room chillin like I'm
feeling the night kind of got away from
us fast until I said yesterday that I
was lost a lot today and honestly I've
been doing pretty good you gotta give it
to me but it is time to take my shoes
and socks off
I'm gonna chill in bed so write out
chilly med might based on some people
snapchat watch TV eat cereal I put my
shoes away oh my yeah do all of those
fun things and I'm super excited because
tonight was a great night today was a
great day so that's it then I'm going to
give you room to it with my whole Madre
is back cuz she's gonna fill it for me
alright
proms it my mama's back home so wait
there's a higher ground then I really
don't be been it's amazing hello so much
so I remember all pink silver and white
clearly you can jail take tale you can
take you can take oh oh yeah this is my
bed I love it so much
this is my life I love this life so much
it's like all pretty and so beautiful
I gotta call in session there we go okay
definitely when I hear boiler is my
family it is insane wait let me we get
weird weird DJ all right jacket little
bit valium times on the game okay so my
favorite part is identity so now
obviously all three of these are staged
like Ice Age Lee so I put both I'll make
up just stuff to make you look cute but
then I got all the stains and all the
drawers and it will just be redoing look
at this time ah like so I love that so
much
and then my closet we don't need to go
through like this no need to go through
all those and we can go more detailed
enjoy this is my closet get all my shoes
get on my clothes so my skirt I don't
know I got I got a lot of thinking you
then when I can narrow and the way these
are out because I was buckled over young
oh this is bathroom
very nice very so as everything still is
pink if you can't tell I love pink and
if you liked it give this video a thumbs
up
so this don't go of the day we under
like so near a few days so I'm gonna
wrap it up here equals that chunk
alright cool don't go is gonna be like
this say nothing to him with fixative
good to sister who think this button
boom what the battery lights flashing oh
the best
go this is all right Pikachu Christmas
coaches and we will see you
