all right I know this is usually not
what you would expect um I don't know if
you can tell I in a different room I
have boxes Maria my best pretty much all
sewed up though which is really good um
but I do have to say that I am very
sorry and now I am sorry because we
didn't really bought yesterday and now I
know we made this commitment to what
everyday I'm going to closer to you
every day but we were moving and
yesterday was kind of our day to get
situated um and so me and my mom both
agree that tomorrow like or that
yesterday it was fine like women a lot
even Russian we can but honestly nothing
really happened in the vlog and it
wasn't really easy words like so there
was nothing that you guys would be
interested in that blog so what I hope
we agreed on is that I would upload this
to tell you guys why and then from now
going forward our vlogs are going to be
very good we're going to want a lot very
back like it wasn't inning so I'm super
excited for that for you guys but yeah I
just want to tell you that I'm sorry
that we did not get anything to you
yesterday but we have a very exciting
video coming up because it's our new
home we moved yesterday nuts again why
we didn't vlog but we moved yesterday
and so our house is amazing I love it so
much I cannot wait to show you guys
think we're going to show you it like
room by room so stay tuned for that but
um yeah we finally did it so that's why
I read enough vlog yesterday and I'm
sorry for that but you know moving is a
very different thing and yet you're
trying to impact in my room all done
which is really good this is just a box
that I have living it's the last box
that just got brought up today um but
it's fine I'm doing ones are able to
make five minutes but um literally so
yesterday was our day to get unpacked
and good but now for now on we are going
to do very good vlog during very very
best and yeah so I just wanted to tell
you guys that because I wanted to get
something for you guys to watch today
because I know you all come back to our
channel looking forward to what we post
because we post every single day and I
didn't want to let you down but I did
want to let you know that that was the
plan so I'm just saying this and
Ridgemont blogs because I
think onto my blog I could show you guys
my room I think I was blogging me my
room - Rousso thank you for that guys
love you all
and I do have some egos
