we're packing and we forgot to vlog but
we're racking but I am forgot to vlog
all I mean it is 9:15 in the night oh oh
oh yeah the thing we didn't forget about
you we just we didn't forget about them
we just kept to the ball like it look at
all the boxes some more boxes it's kind
of a mess because we're still unpacking
or we packing it or whatever it is but
look at empty empty empty its goals okay
but anyways so the thing that I Oh
so on Thursday we have the day off right
yeah perfect because I forgot about up
here but good news is most of this up
here is I mean all that fabric is going
no anyway come on get it done I'm not
actually worried about it at all
now um but up here I have something very
special and it's so special I got to get
it hold on you got to stay there for a
second I know which one it is because
it's the woman that unwrapped oh and uh
no more unwrapped go me go check on this
one of them nope
is this one alone yep all right got it
okay I'm gonna George - but first I'm
really doing this okay
if anyone else did it - Lucy bed set
okay I'm gonna put this in my room
not this room oh my gosh it's so
beautiful
all right nope I was waiting for you
no your hair tie looks funny it's kind
of worth it ha here's like okay are we
ready are you ready are you ready
now I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm doing it
don't get about that dr. Don yeah like
oh okay it's a teaser teaser tailer okay
ready okay good it's amazing it's really
crazy wherever yes okay great are you
ready all right you guys boom I wind up
like it all wrinkled up I don't know if
you guys know what that means
500,000 digital downloads is what that
means and actually fun fact it went both
a riddle on time ago a cold in February
but I just have been keeping it a secret
from you guys can look like a boom box
would it got that boom boom boom fog of
brew Apple in February but I just
checked and secret from you I'm sorry
we want out major announcement um so sir
major announcement so no but yeah that's
just like no one that I know of like my
Aegis has gone gold before which is I
mean like gold is like a big deal guys I
don't know if you know but look go home
mine is over
oh okay I'm gonna give you a close up
with a plan
hold on no really you know that I do
know what we should do what for one vlog
well we should open it oh we have an
extra like take the extra one and like
tour that other things that's kind of my
favorite thing - yeah but you know I'm
saying okay wait we hold it yeah oh god
I look so bad I'm not going to get you
good okay no you're good I got just like
the thing but just stay like that okay
so it's like boomerang it's like the
album cover and this is the gold CD
which is really cool it's pretty and
that's like from that era the picture
says Jojo my logo and to presented to
Georgia see what to commemorate go me
we're gonna do Giorgio to commemorate
RIAA certified gold sales of more than
500,000 digital downloads of the Jojo Co
Entertainment LLC single boomerang and
that's like the official RIAA you can
see so what's really cool about this is
it went gold in February I believe on
February 14 and now I'm about to pull up
the website on my phone so you guys can
see it RIAA
kay and you go here and then you can go
to this website just search RIAA and it
should come up and then if you go to the
little search on the top and you search
Jojo see you it'll come up
oh my god
wait
but I gotta ask you something is any way
not for you guys um so this says that it
was released on April 29th of 2016
category 9 type digital certified unit
0.5 million genre pop previous sort of
state certification gold but you know
look at so this is that website and as
soon as it focuses you'll see it and
that means that it went gold and now you
might be like Jojo boomerang has like
240 million views
yes but this is digital down it's
different I don't know but like it's
written it's like down with it's like
iTunes Spotify it's not YouTube if that
makes sense every YouTube music is in
there it's really confusing true but
it's gold so it doesn't matter
we DANC calculated they calculated it um
so I think that means that dishonor oh
well that's I was going to ask you um
but anyway so that's really cool and I
thought I would tell you guys that so I
think the song sort of the day has to be
boomerang Oh gold on the ceiling
Jarett yeah you yeah y'all flavor yachak
yeah yeah it was the one that I'm
singing at the restaurant I came out of
the bedroom it was like gold on the seal
and go on the swings nuts get outside um
how about we change over words kiss me
tickle writer she's a goal songwriter
well if every 24th was a really big
computer coverage kit choo-choo-choo but
we can we're going to make up songs so I
think it was like I did yeah
we're gone every fall the internet and
then it goes into a rest rap rap rap
boomer wear your gold on the February
24th the are wait I gotta read all this
ready boomerang with gold on the
February 24th it was presented to Jojo
sequel to comic commemorate the ri-ight
certificate if I'd gold gives of more
than 500,000 digital Doug Loeb penalize
so in other words Jojo see was new
single boomerang that is actually really
old over a year old
it's got over 500,000 digital downloads
and that means that she's got our gone
my god
how's that record I did comment down
below if you think that comment down
below if you find anyone else I got
bowled records go all over the website
and search all your favorite peeps my H
send up it will be some exchange
