hey guys
why we're very honest people on uppers
in life we don't like to lie never so we
try not to please why I have but you
know recently meaning today there's just
we just forgot to vote please
I didn't forget we didn't have a secret
project that weekly vlog it took a
really long time and then we live on a
backwards fire today tomorrow yeah yeah
we did order a pizza okay but why we had
to pack my all have to pack because
we're moving during the house so we want
to go to bed and get a good night's
sleep so we didn't even log anything to
me I don't even think we did a single
picture there you go picture
anyways so so uncle um we're gonna make
up a song we did it slow today
we didn't vlog today we had to see a
hundred I don't every day time come out
I think every day instead of a song
float we should make up a sign about the
day or just do it but hey to the song of
the day is what's tomorrow we're going
to show you something really cool it's
really shiny oh cool cool so tomorrow
we're going to show you something
Michael and okay no eyelashes I know I
just put their yard ila and I got to
edit yesterday's well I wouldn't even do
yesterday
let's we'll replay the game on the couch
didn't volume or did welcome occur a
little bit and we went to Walmart with
all the Walmart equipping they asked for
Walmart ok but anyways we're a mess my
man we're cool we're moving we're
clapping sorry we have stuff everywhere
well just good that we're moving because
we're gonna have more like it's not a
mess and tomorrow we're going to show
you this really cool happen all right
you good you let it off yourself if you
love us pizza go follow me the kid now
that
