every single see whatever's out there
listen tight you're gonna go upside-down
yeah you wanna go upside down the tower
a little bit roll down good day guys
good today we're where we have my love
where I'm trying to be quiet
Yeah right lady very true right now
there's a lot going on gloomy comes out
today is going to be an epic day it is
day one in New York but yeah day one
they want that is Dave wouldn't your
tell you Larry didn't actually sleep
until 2:00 a.m. I wouldn't go to 3:30
a.m. well but today what do we got we
got a full day impressed thanks to this
one sure to eight not okay but is a game
because we are alive down here let's got
me a great day and now we're at I swear
I don't know honey that vodka baby if
you don't know if icon basis and how do
you say Mike on Mike on phones take a
loaded awesome oh what the hell oh my
slamming it and it makes a really weird
noise and I need to stop doing that
I need to seem like that J zum-zum
zum-zum eggs a lot more yeah are you
guys I just got doing like I think
probably the best interview of the day
and you wanna see who it was read by
they're very excited to be on the liner
and you do I how's it going
I like your Jojo bow really good
you want me to sign it yeah I mean it's
gonna cost you five hundred dollars I
guess just for you I can do it for free
now he's kidding it whenever Cosmo knows
I'm going like inside your bra I'm just
totally vesica the piano say anything to
my grandma oh forget what your grandma's
name by Suzanne Suzanne I'm gonna say
anything no you guys anything alright
call it's nice to get to hang out with
you guys that was a lot interview of the
day we did it but did Tiger Beat Jaipur
James Bauer we did wine or the one two
other one we didn't sings ever
interviews x87
I don't really know goal achieved a hit
with 25 minutes a new school I was going
no I don't be sorry
during school I genuinely loved school
cuz then after that we have a meeting
upstairs with some Nickelodeon people to
talk about some merchandise below target
all merchandise and we got to talk about
some other things that I'm gonna be fun
we literally scheduled this meeting like
30 minutes ago and be like hey we're
here you're here let's check whether
that's I haven't gay can't go to school
so now we just got back to our room
after a long day of meetings and friends
and a lot of hard work and I am laying
on my computer right now probably not
the best idea ever
rod that does not mean that I could not
have a wardrobe change because I am just
uncomfortable I am wearing look at my
pants literally sequin pants so I got a
change so I'm gonna change your oh okay
that is much better I am just comfy you
wasn't even afraid okay I'll tell you
what I'm wearing tell you how we got Joe
George literally head-to-toe because
technically I'm on Jojo socks and uh not
ginger shoes because I got to pick those
but I got a Georgia boy Jonah sure -
Jojo - Jojo shorts and your size and
your earrings and uh I even I'm dude
wonder where I'm away don't go there ok
ok ok
I might take down my make up a notch
like I feel like I just had a lot of
makeup on right now can I have a fun
night I would tell them we are going to
order up some room service because love
room service probably watch a movie
better just some cupcakes you might get
some ice cream it's gotta be a fun
relaxed chill night which I'm very happy
because we've not had one of those in a
very long time
look at this delicious feast
Irene not gonna lie I think I did pretty
Turner I ordered so much food we got a
steak tomato soup buttery noodles
chicken tenders french fries magazines
vegetables peanut butter and jelly bread
cheesecakes Caesars out of the chicken
noodle soup wow that was a lot I don't
really want to know what the price tag
was on that but hey it's ok because I
love it I am starving right now
hi kids well is it a Monday night is it
Sunday night
- Monday Night Watch means that it is
time for Monday night dance party
I think I've ever done
and that's literally what your neck
feels like you know that you grabbing it
off of the day because I'm sleepy and I
have a really call time tomorrow
tomorrow let's see what do we have on
the agenda for tomorrow tomorrow is the
Nickelodeon up front which I'm super
excited for basically it's really all
the Nickelodeon corporate gets together
so 1 million people is performing
tomorrow I am gonna be there tomorrow
with with all the losing battle Shorty's
dance crew and then also too with Nick
Cannon so that should be a fun blog
tomorrow I'm amazing we're just going
we're talking about losing battle
Shorty's talking about all the fun
things that I haven't eaten wait for me
oh wait I make you wait till tomorrow to
find out about the highs already got
John thank you so much you're joining me
along on this journey with the bike I
hope you had fun I definitely had fun
and you guys guess what
