okay general good morning welcome to the
vlog nothing's really going on today
we're I was gonna edit that like really
good but I'll add it later tonight but
only thing that we're really doing today
is driving to Palm Springs and Google
massage or probably drive through
somewhere I'm going
hit the road Jack don't you come back no
more no more mom let me show you guys
something is okay I'm messy mega furious
cloven members degree messy but like but
like literally I just have like stuff
everywhere it's just I need to organize
it but I had to go through all of it oh
just right now alright we're in the car
driving judges in the back she's not
driving to writing we're going to Palm
Springs
really
so we're going to go to the desert we're
going to the pool if we're going to stay
in a hotel
okay guys whatever tell me we're going
to have to get will go to a store before
the traffic traveling is terrible but
welcome to California
well you guys made us free that appeared
time yeah 3:30 Saturday 3:30 a.m. on a
Saturday boo boo what oh you're sick you
are so sick oh my god can't believe it
does it did that what is wrong with you
so yeah we're not some fun limited comas
mom and dad mom we're gonna have them
over to our hotel room by um some dinner
good you can just lean in what should we
have for dinner which we have a goodie
Tommy mommy's not realizing the party on
JoJo's plate and we're going to post
pictures of it and if usual party was
just like you most interested
um yeah we're gonna have a Jojo party
where we get some cupcake you should
show what are you doing I can't see Oh
playing with putty I mean I am a sly and
heard the putty kid
put your - hey you should make slime
with Grandma tonight have the oldest
person ever make slime tracing around
the oldest person well that probably
makes line I mean is your mom home like
last night you right now I mean I'm just
not your buddy grandma's name Jill
you're my husband yours I just called
you the oldest person ever to make slime
I know Joe says it's so satisfying so
maybe that would be like therapy maybe
you need to make all right enough of
this bummer really I had like a cool
color and like it I have this phone case
that's like this if I click this honey
on this stuff and I mash it down on it
but slows down is fine just wait I go
like this and I spread it all out on the
phone and then I like jam it in there
watch what it does Jenny so just undoing
this and I'm making it look satisfying
was satisfying right you think this is
satisfying we'll wait you see this I'm
going to peel it off of here and look at
it like it's so just fine
whose cheesy attitude would you go to as
Walmart put your heads on both each
other like it's not like they fit
holy I got coulomb are offering at
this time how do you like miniature
satisfying for me job there judge then
you have like sickle ass last one like
air
although we cried together before I
could have bought some more swine putty
there I think you need to make some time
tonight I think it's tough yeah for sure
it's just so satisfying
it's literally interesting I was going
to make like a totally bunny happy bunny
just like glue and marbles my ears now
it's David rhew I guess so
but that is not me okay we made a stop
on the way to Palm Springs
now Walmart screech animal abuse so
we're going to run in here I need to get
some chapstick because my lips are
really dry and Jojo wants to get some of
our own merchandise and I think we want
to get some cool toys and some snacks
for our hotel room oh yeah
so that's gonna be fun okay so we're at
Walmart ears up we're looking for the
party stuff yeah they don't have it ok
that's cool I saw my Z like oh they
might have a balloon this judge will be
here
I found a point in here so going out of
my way
Oh dream crazy video hi probably putting
all the judge over is I doing wrong
there's someone out here Oh Johnson I
have once again step up oh yeah
this is like my dream come true did you
go to through a much side friend get
your Joshua merchandise at Walmart I
mean we're still shopping I think we're
doing some good stuff here this come
from off here okay I am cleaning someone
open the plates like just took one if
they're hungry that's all the wrapper
back here
oh yeah I'll just get that back please
no no that's disgusting we'll leave it
here so then they can figure that out
well that's not the point right now as I
was saying to area a little bit of a
mess I mean those cups of all these cups
can get out yeah I'm kind of a new home
up there
okay welcome organizing store I mean I
think you should put it to like the
faces are like cat I was uh I was trying
to get we get grandma a couple packs
yeah we shoot in two napkin I got one
napkin got more got one napkin to again
here yeah okay cheers well three cheers
for fryer okay this stuff behind you
Jesus because I mean what were the
matter invading your territory okay this
this is a massive geez again hold on one
and three two one you're going to see
these all organized three two all right
fixed it I guess this is all over I'm
out
it's going forward yeah Joe now I'll get
people to you all I mean we may have
used these balloons I think I'm about to
cover up the Rams I didn't go with this
I mean you know just saying we got we
got it all good organized nap it was
very really cute it looks much prettier
I mean we bought so we do a little
shopping - and like it we could I get
the patches off of here so we just took
the whole most beautiful there we go
that's okay I like that box because I
can just storm like that it's ow okay we
got all the patches so we're coming into
Palm Springs and one thing that they're
pretty famous for you
and the honest there are so many like I
don't know if you can see that far but
they're like as far as you can see it
actually didn't get the camera picking
up I missed some of them are young -
like they're like forever and they're
like up on that little hill low hill
right there across the street wrinkled
we got the ones back there watches
videos
forgot to wear bow today please forget I
didn't evolve over time I'm a
businessman and I just like my hair and
then we went to Walmart and she said no
one's better recognized me and I said
I'll give it two minutes and we walked
in and the first person that bar was
like and we literally looked at the
clock it was few minutes so I was oh my
Jack what you thought he go through the
chocolate when I was a kid
hit people have it bad wait there's
another one in the second Holly windmill
like I'm a better one
like Wendy offer like housing and I
visit
oh god oh god oh god
dirty played dirty babe I don't think I
took that one I think someone else take
that that's when your dad the
