all right you guys good morning and
welcome to this beautiful day and it's
actually only 1:00 in the afternoon
it's not like 7:00 it no I found I was
not ideal time when we would like to
start but in our defense I did wake up
at like nine ish that I got ready I
ended videos like I didn't do that much
this morning that you didn't miss out on
anything I want you to six and then I
went back to that I said you will cover
like noon little now you woke up at like
10:30 I went back to that I woke up for
a while reply to some email that's fine
right now so usually when we're working
you're on secret project it is like
we're working on stuff for my career
like we're either doing music or
rehearsals for the performances like
yesterday's like the pictures that we
were fighting for something like my
career are usually our secret projects
right oh my god okay I'm yo career my
career I'm in Europe
okay just dinner okay match my shirt
that's new one I've never seen in a
figure of a bitch is better I'm going
but today we are going on a personal
secret project um the only reason why it
is technically a secret project yet for
you guys is that because we don't want
to tell you until it's awesome that may
or may not happen it may or may think it
will happen by some miracle - I'm
feeling it
you'll actually probably go find out
though less than a week from now like
it's gonna be very quick and it's very
very very quick because we don't have a
lot of time off
well we don't want to time off but we
actually do have the week off next
weekend my train left here yes um so
yeah we're going to visit somewhere
awesome and we're going to check
something out and it's going to be great
are you excited beyond I'm so excited is
coming and I'm going to the dentist to
get my
my culture my left laser she has a
really cold sir and I'm going to mercy
felt lower stuff I have an awesome shirt
on today I got the dream crazy big one
if you want this go order at walmart.com
or go fight it at Walmart stores but
getting us in your kitchen and daddy
things I guess time is right
I just found out something cool online
today on walmart.com there's like a
thing bestsellers and the doll is the
best seller and the pink shirt is a best
seller
so I next project you blessed emergence
as far a time people to order this shirt
and make the white shirt a best-seller
go do that kids let's get this done
right I agree
wall maqams last Jojo my size I would
wear C it barely comes in my size at
this morning I said I know what I'm
gonna do with it but I'm going to get a
jean jacket he's cute one and I'm going
to cut it out and put it on the bathroom
cute I'm gonna do that right here really
key over here yeah really really cute
like that today yeah for the file 20 so
you can make it work one oh yeah and
even a funny way with you I'm going to
say a hoodie would be with a kit you you
can make a one guy get it yeah I'm not
going to jean jacket don't go together
watch comback slack now that you're on
this bird to stay on the 134
www-what calm flash junior bail and you
can go check everything out the doll oh
and the bow bow plush that sold out
a lot of good things today happen and it
found out but birds are going into other
places I saw them online so that's
pretty cool
yeah so what and one thing I like to say
is everyone that came to the concert at
multimeric oh I like seeing your
pictures to make sure you take yes make
sure you tag as enough because I would
like really like cats cause a home in it
I didn't take long victims so thanks
yes yes new club thank you to everyone
who came anyways we're going to not see
them for a minute in our time because
we're going to go do this for a digital
project 115g 5315 be like 3:30 ish
moving 3:30 3:30 4 o'clock it may be
difficult for a late one hopefully it
goes good we got done way earlier than
we expected it's only 240 not say
anything when smiling hmm who knows is
the lunch mom I gotta say before doing
on the phone not saying anything very
smiling are you smiling because holders
I think it's gonna be a pretty fun one I
think it's gonna be a pretty fun week
for us yeah yeah we're gonna go get some
food down because the whole room
everyday at lunch and dinner every
single day for I don't food for I use it
I shouldn't eat all the donuts right
Big Labor I thought you were going to
fix your lipstick feel like so funny
look just like oh wait do it again mom
and no that's not what you're doing it
like you're oh yeah does it really hurt
you know I've never had a cold sore tell
me
goal I am I must be cold before we ate
kind of they cameras over by over the
whole time but here's the thing so you
need only to town and I've gone now
which could have been over for good a
chef
yet I didn't we had goals awaited and I
had a vegetable soup also plays wha
if you go put your lipstick on we go do
that one thing go shop for that one
thing over here go to the dentist
hard rock let's go let's the recess are
you were shopping so we had IKEA I have
a really good idea mom I think every
single day mm-hmm we're going to give
him a hint to what it is
I think I agree because then I had to
come back every day and figure out what
the hinge over here now but we're not
going to tell you what no we might tell
you I don't know we're at IKEA
that's your hint of the day right I like
the Kia that's a woman with a sense to
the dirt tortilla hint of the day is the
trip to Ikea no we're doing well we do
we know what we're doing here they don't
ha ha
we're just going to run into do we have
like every minute we can zip through in
20 minutes that IKEA challenge ha ha
the forum ok was so fast we USP it was a
bus we went through really fast we're
already at the exit and we've I know the
focus on this is gold I mean my camera
focuses so nicely
it's okay I'm just going to finish it
like that 17 minutes and we're at the
exit challenge should of challenge
I just didn't even tell you we went to
the dentist really Josie said worse than
the divot but I got my cool for later
we should just say everyone to like the
plastic we want to wear it to the ENT
plastic pool sore loser now she's got a
cold sore later dr. Dennis but I'm about
to head home get rid of something here
are some things out of my household
collocated so if you guys might remember
I had a youtube character a while back
and it was know-it-all Paula and I just
continued her for a few reasons
main reason being is I am a very busy
person and I didn't have a lot of time
and she required a lot of makeup
but you know I was going to my closet
and I found her shirt and it's so funny
I like literally look at this face for
it so I found her shirt and I was like
oh Paula so I did a little instrument
thing and people were like freaking out
they were like oh my god I was coming
back and I was like no she's not coming
back though not a confirmed to come back
um but the more that I've been thinking
about it I'm a little undecided so then
I just decided to put some clothing on
and I designed this beautiful hat that I
actually thought was really cute
I just scribbled on it and I was like
all I might make a comeback have not
decided yet so this is not a confirmed
come back either but you know I'm doing
a lot you guys know me and my mom are
doing something secretive right now
can't tell you about but um you know I
think it's fun and I think it'd be put a
little bit of pressure on me to get
another thing done and I like that and I
think it could be quite fun so give this
video a thumbs up is well Paula to come
back and sat on them if you don't know
who Paul is go watch my old videos on my
youtube on my main channel of Paula and
telling what you think of her
I'm a little undecided I don't know
what's happening
god I thank God I thank Bugatti um I
also just made the executives
that a toll will not be returning for a
little bit cube I will eventually return
so don't get your hopes down but don't
get your hopes up
sorry guys love you but brighter side
we're about to go get massage I'm gonna
meet my mom downstairs wondering what
I'm eating to gel some marshmallows a
little edgy charms boom gomez frog I'll
go down and meet her okay
lots of closes vlog out my because I'm
super tired and I saw to unpack and do
some stuff online so what a great day we
got a lot done this is Jojo without a
bow cuz the lady said LptA t-take yeah I
know I showed up without a bell
okay me and my mom we're talking about
my life plan if I wasn't doing what I
was doing but you are so well I am good
night you should go show you really so
here is the song of the day the song of
the day is step one to say you're not
another word in step one you say wait
can I dig my own haunt version he deems
it way better yes I'm trying to give a
junk in our background it's already been
in that okay here you go bud you finish
it out huh hey go :
hey go hold the camera close camera
drop it go ahead before drop it yelling
hot new bucks gonna love you saw
definitely is hot good night long room
you look at dmoz on for them there you
go
please step 1 you say wait can I just
give you got here know how on point I am
with them no because I don't want to
hear what the words I don't hear you do
like one verse
if one you said we need to talk he walks
you say sit down is just a talk
alright wait wait wait wait wait
intimated what no it's really love you
