okay general good morning good morning
kid driving right now actually were
technically at a red light
we're not stopping right now we're at a
green light you're here it's a lot
heavier than - yeah anyways today we are
going to rehearsal and I think I think
it's like you know what you did I love
to watch you dance everything yes and
dancing but we are going to rehearsals
for my show at Mall of America very
sing-songy right now we're going to
rehearsals because I am performing at
Mall of America and so today and
tomorrow I rehearsals for both of that
and then on Thursday we leave from all
America so if you're in Minneapolis on
better days
definitely you should it's going to be
Saturday June 3rd at noon so make sure
you line up we want like a go like early
in the morning where your bones or your
t-shirts we find make sign make posters
like you're ready to have fun we're
going to have a blast I'm performing
altering my songs kid in the candy store
boomerang and hold the drama and I think
you're doing the whole place for camera
angles yeah we also you know you don't
want to miss it come to be great it is
now 4:30 and we are just starting off
the day we've talked a little bit
earlier in the car
we're like car vloggers my nose is
getting way better promote a city walk
but I don't know what's looking with my
forehead what is going on sun marks huh
what's that like freckles from the Sun
put it like white
right here I was feeling
that's great anyways we're going to city
wok are you excited I'm so excited
what am I gonna do instead I'm going to
watch you fly thanks
this goes to me I had nice hair she was
talking to me haha I just had a
conversation I was like talking back to
her when she got a clippie in her hair
just out of the shower fresh Oh mija
always you forget my face is John very
intent clear look a lot going on you
should show them the corners are on it's
actually kind of quotes like Hollywood
Highland yeah sure - all what a city
walk though and I'm going to fly again
I bet you I could talk to them into
letting me bring the camera in one time
oh yeah
are you probably good they probably have
GoPros any probably you can buy your
footage no but I'm going to go fly again
what are the runs of you buy their phone
is your my beautiful footage but we're
meeting Annie and potentially Hayden
there he's not responding so I don't
know
Oh seriously I think he's coming but I
don't know tricks is dad guys cuz we
were struggling oh my god there's a
squad and here's the squad
to
one
her friend
okay
Oh like two different layers left where
there's like a layer of model air on the
top and
time
I think they're really really guess not
fail
far away okay I'm serious okay bye-bye
say bye-bye sorry a real goodbye got a
big one
all right we got home and it opened up
this package I've got a TR which is the
people who who expose and and we didn't
know what once we opened it for but now
I really long rocks yeah we're like this
is kind of your delusion um but now that
I kinda liz is and it looks amazing it
looks beautiful
I like fun shelve long
well actually I said kind of loudness I
have to tell you about mom and the Queen
said yeah it's vlog big I walk long homo
and that's okay good yeah run away
this is the cutest thing I've ever seen
in my life
unbelievable oh yeah believable imagine
so incredibly yeah so cute
beau New York Times article big bowls in
the corner look at all this work on this
frame so we're you taking that boo boo
Oh
hmm well for now in one caller yeah well
for net no yeah like right there perfect
I love that is there a thing to hang it
if I have some nails and stuff yes yes
oh no my little so cute
okay so yeah I like posture tonight yes
so three hours later then please wait
till the morning I'll remind you in the
morning oh you can put some hot glue and
ooh I can do that yeah so I mean
immutable and the New York Times article
I love it so good
so he'll I remember taking it from them
to see my bleed in my bag that box of a
new hood oh you want me yeah oh yeah I
love it
so nice
