bye baby bye bye bye Bobo's I'm amazed
you imma miss you guys too
now just get it out beause they can have
attention still I miss you Dodos I
really you you say no bad dogs oh that's
not as bright car you see this house go
today guys good good here today we are
flying where we find what find in New
York I owe you have the vlog did you
forget anything
no so food why yeah geez yeah it wallet
yes kitchen sink yeah yes I have that
path yeah clearly we got the best driver
ever
I am I love you you are my favorite
we're not go to New York where we going
hi how's the gun yeah we were supposed
to take off okay I'm actually kind of
happy because I woke up at 8 a.m. and
Diana's lighter Oh easy there delayed or
super bumpy or something's wrong with
the plane like something's going on and
so I woke up and I saw on her Instagram
story she's like flights delayed because
I'm on it and I was like winter flies it
shorter flight was delayed two hours and
five minutes three three hours Wow
our flight was delayed a lot which means
I gotta sleep in Forza I'm fired then I
weren't there for all checked in with
the security got a new you're a soldier
and life is just career hey Diana would
never fly with you again never knew how
we're supposed to take off at 1:15 right
we're gonna take off at like 11:00 but
now I think we're gonna take off by like
115 but now it's 115 now and we clearly
have imported yet so I don't know what's
happening they said what did they say
like by 11:30
no one-thirty if we don't all board the
pilots Network anymore
I don't know what's going on so we might
not be going to New York today
look at that boarded the plane with on
the plane were about to take off we're
still under God we haven't actually
moved yet but the door is shut which is
a good time to it see it it's just also
do some kind of a part in it and just
like open and slam in a grin I'll blow
it up so but I like I'm literally up
first why aren't we getting little over
exaggerated that's what it felt like on
the inside of my body but on that
outside of my body I was like alright if
you like my hand oh I love the look at
their ideas for head but there's so nice
I was like I'm just gonna um oh my god
it's currently midnight and we check to
the west and we don't really like it and
try to see the room so now we're headed
to the Lowe's currently which is really
nice in California so moving on is nice
thanks mom for all your help
twelve o'clock midnight oh it's just
midnight I wanna bet I didn't want to
leave I need this what oh I don't know
the Lord I addressed my phone's dead
we got our new hotel it is already one
one thousand I mean like twenty thousand
times better like literally I mean we
got this guy who's great one minute 57
seconds later there this is just so
happy right now
alright I'm gonna be wrapping it up for
the night because you know it's just
it's time for me to go to bed I'll check
out upload yesterday's vlog yeah but hey
I watched a little agree to show me in
tonight it was so good alright so not as
a revenue I love y'all so much everyone
you as like a novelty act
