okay general good morning as you can
tell we are back home on but today so
far has just been cleaning which is
probably all its going to be I made me
to find also too I could get my nose way
too much but I think it's like it feels
like it's getting better
um but I just plain got my sock and I
only have like ten bears in here and
like before I have my glitter is fifty
so just in cleaning everything you need
like Deepu litter you know what I'm in
so that's gonna be today I think my mom
might go get her nails done
oh yeah your nails and you know what
that tours not in there good but it
looks fine it's all there - yeah looks
fine okay you're definitely getting your
nails done you're definitely getting
your nails done
definitely getting your nails done
that's fun I got the word that I did my
duty I cleaned up enough by this one you
want to be on camera literally shouldn't
be on camera but that means I can make
glad I went I'm trying something new
today
oh I think it's outside all right I'm
going to put cake batter in the slime
and so it might make it smell really
good this cake batter I think this is KP
iPhone is is pretty cool
it's like tie-dye cake mix who knows
well you're just going to try and I got
to put frosting in it too I don't know
how no just going to turn out like this
so I thought that I would start with a
jiggly slime base so I'm watching this
recipe that I watched online for jiggly
slime and so far the only thing I've
done is put two cups of glue in and then
I'm going to make white fun and put okay
fine and put sprinkles in it a lot of
things that I'm going to do
you're about to see what it's looking
like I'm so excited
literally I'm so excited it's a sign of
Froy at the hot water it's not like
sticky at all but it's like not stretchy
I mean it stretchy as you can tell by
like I'm stretching it but watch every
time view its thing so of course now in
work but before it wasn't working like
at all like it would not let me
literally stretch it at all it was being
rumored but now the video that I watched
they added hot water and then I might
add the cake batter to it depending on
how I like it it's quite satisfying
though I mean I'm not gonna lie I'll
show you the better
maybe I'll just show you like this it's
like I love this recipe and it required
no shaving cream which is what's kind of
nice about it kind of like that about it
just it's like very good fun I like it a
lot but now I'm going to add the hot
water to it and I'll get you in a spin
so I added the water and it's super
jiggly
so now it's jiggly slime ooh ooh and now
what's going to happen up yeah
this cake batter why I know their
experiment
what else are ended and later today I'm
going to get fine through thee pamphlet
is it just going to be a pal of mine
okay what form did happy find dad
anymore boy that's like stringy fine
no in jiggli fine really fine I guess
Jenny are you okay dude while I'm note
that other one dick looks live at a
slimy day
alright Slimer I'm going to get ready oh
I'm gonna put Kiki okay so you take that
it actually ruin this which is
unfortunate now I'm going to catch up
frosting in it see what that does so
that actually won't ruin date even worse
that I didn't even have time to grab the
camera and show you what was happening
it like watch this it's like super
sticky one and I just like that
Evert this mess I cleaned it so now I
gotta throw this one way make some more
alright that bowl is soaking I put water
in it and now it's time for round two
that was a fail started off really good
though so I'm going to do the same
recipe I'd had two quick slime break
because my doggies here so I gotta go
run down and get Bo and I'm actually
going to show you what she's like when I
go down together it's hilarious she is
so excited to see me
hello Wow hi hello hello hello
my oh my gosh
you're way too excited both are you
excited
he's so excited Bobo Oh
someone's on my face I look at my dog
for most of the day but I refrigerated
an old slime and added water to it and
it actually turned out really cool let
me show you it right before I leave I'm
about to leave right in that awesome
like it's like super girly and thus I
added sprinkles and flown to Sonya I
guess it's okay um but I'm about to
leave and walk over to him on that
didn't yell show Mom in trouble because
you were supposed to take this did you
blog anything exactly exactly you did
not get your nails on that whole time
what are you doing right now thank you
you are amazing so I'm just it's okay
just tell us your story how do you guys
know knowing I go to get gentlemen are
I'm going through the TARDIS or
compression
please tell me a spider crawls out and
also my look and I'm gonna so I'm like I
must have thrown away I go back to the
heart car I go back to my search it's
not in my purse I go back to the test
you said not in the test
it's I'm literally losing my mind at
this place cause I'm like blink down
right now I'd say so gasps oh I'm just
so then okay so you know you have it
because you're already paid for the gas
yes I've like was like getting some
trash out the car and so I thought I
serve it away and I look away because my
purse maybe I put in my phone like you
know right okay let me call for you and
we'll see really hurt her so I like to
pull ahead a little bit she's my star
and then I like calling the bank I'm on
the phone
and look at my river mirror and I see my
card
on the ground I must have dropped it and
what
likes never - bother WoW is that your
credit card horror story
oh that's the trash
you're dug through the trash read
whenever the old spider wouldn't even
got you water bottle and like those like
it was like oh stop it was hard to look
very vibrant
then I was like we're not worth going
through and so then I was telling you so
much thank you
oh look at my man keep you there for a
minute
oh look you had this house again I thank
you
visitor I come in I'm gonna laugh yeah
oh yeah me select your life story
so what everybody look like I did it
while I walk or is it from Walmart it's
just a cat-and-mouse game or without the
same roadside on a plate and no
really straight shows but something like
you don't love it it's just us against
the world and now we just can love you
so much and then I just hate you feeling
stupid all the time that I gave you
really try to me my mom bought Bobo this
from a house to build her eye while she
is at the store I'm going to set up the
little house why not
took me 23 minutes but close enough now
I'm trying to find the paint I don't
know my mom put it and the brushes I
mean here's a lazier than I thought it
was gonna be really easy all right
mama imma start Canaan what do I got to
lose
they down the treasuring let's go I gave
up on that thing so looking back and
look at what cooking would you like to
tell everyone what you're cooking what's
cooking George your favorite food my
favorite this is the chicken so this is
its layers and it's a layer of broccoli
Alera mushroom of a layer of cheese a
layer of noodles a layer of this
beautiful soft mixture and then and what
a layer of chicken and then I'll mother
Larry cheese and another layer of the
little fridge anything and it's so good
it's literally my business but I like to
is about cooking it is if you take a
noodle and you dip it in this stock mmm
show them guys even better take two
noodles and dip it in the sauce
unbelievable
great mom so good so good
she like baked it at different lengths
we bake it like four different times
I'd like this Wilson I'm pretty slow
here
I think the noodle off the side I mean I
like this look beautiful
all right you can even show them know if
you're what blog beautiful I mean
actually you're lucky
don't look at some peas chicken so do i
short is Bobo oh these are coming out
even if they're not done they're coming
help what are you this yet
and it's too hot to be out right now
this was like literally my favorite meal
that my mom's cooked read you know what
you put best what this in frozen pizza
and rice krispies treat know a little
Bobo could definitely do a house tour
and your house runs away I love that dog
she's perfect the Queen has never tried
aplomb
this is my phone which we're really good
Jojo try a plumber
look II think I'm great I'm really look
you kind of look like yeah
a really good for juicy laughing it's
like a watermelon grade Apple Wow
it's drippy
- literally dripped everywhere it's so
juicy how long would you say to a
chicken factory can I go home African
okay a lot going on here what is it
you're willing
a guy huh so great juicy
Wow
so very juicy see you with a chicken
broccoli done in a dime oh god it's
ready
Jojo starving you didn't know valuated
huh
look at how good it looks are you so
excited I am like a man I can't wait
when Jojo goes for the big spoon to
scoop hers out and she wants y'all
classically it's like show the vlog girl
w cleaned our house today we picked up
try to scare the bears away I probably
did you're probably really scared I just
have a global I guess it all of you kind
of get it all over I'll try that I
succeed oh good chicken broccoli noodle
mushroom mushroom cheese and onions
that's good
well I got to tell you thank you so much
there what love you away got to be 100%
on it I got to out early last night so I
don't know I did I fell asleep really
early I was not planning on that song
flow of the last night is going to be
I'll quote a lot of man did not be hard
well have to go the dildo deciding all
right that works located well
