good morning and welcome to the vlog
today is started off with a little bit
of a bumpy start but you know we're
getting it all done we're getting it all
good we're going out to get food because
when things are rough you get food don't
you lay groats yeah but we just thought
something was going to have an engine
but it won't be a foodie excited where
we going Jonah's Crab Shack Joe Joe's
Crab Shack so just grab Jack jokes are
going to Joe's Crab Shack I've been
there and like forever specialty
whatever mmm came to Joe's Crab Shack so
you're a teen I'm I'm getting like a few
things
so we're starving so diving and I can't
decide I'm starving and the good news is
we're not wet or dry where don't have
cool clothes on I have full clothes all
respect AMI even nice to go on a hot day
what hey this was a mistake
oh wait I'm gonna get some crap she's
just getting made an extra crab thing
and then I'm getting mac and cheese
might even get some chicken tenders
relax fancy drink
we're that fancy drank finish logging
the crab in the corn come look in the
side of grab and Jesus hot rock to the
ramp and also everybody yeah for good
thank you know it doesn't have a
microwave there's micro in majesty
there's Logan significant test ago
thank you and my crab well I got Joe
Justin crab oh oh my god hold that up
again
who really wants Oh looks like there's a
spider on the ceiling look who's scared
mom we need to hear that job thank you
she's afraid that it can't do it spider
webbing come down you a good cheap Jaden
miss because he's over there on his
50-foot couch yes guys are going to the
rear dingus when there's a spider so
tell my course know Peggy mom there's a
spider on the ceiling I know that lion
well roof over my head
go go didn't go right now you don't want
to be doing them no no think you're
getting all four of your society no
gonna kill it
three two one yeah I don't know this is
on mom this is how you know you're
trying to start a reality show
you see it now it's not even that bad
like it's fine it's just has long legs
not mom it's naughty lib
good yeah like you're wrong you can't
business part of my mouth
call him mom I'm invited watch all the
spider fringe to matric no bad words for
nothing yeah yeah hey mom
and action you're back you know we found
the same spider and G dangers alive it
is a glass cutter dealing but we decided
that we're gonna play a family game of
pool let you know who wins Adult Swim
pool let's go going swim goal you know
dad is that my camera won't focus but
really you know what's dad I just don't
care what I look like right now there's
so many little more younger um I'm going
to what don't waffle
okay everyone we are going to get some
center and like 10:45 at night and we're
going to almost Madeira there is pretty
good Jojo Jaden are you ready to go we
come to the Waffle House Jojo orders
breakfast - orange juice me all kinds of
yeah yeah then she says does it come
with a waffle over here you're at the
Waffle House what do you think it comes
with other meal don't was a wall but you
ordered the hit okay with the waffle
leave it to say my family hates me and
they like makes fun of me I never said
that I just said get a waffle y'all just
like to make fun and I don't understand
it
it's already spoken my brother shut it
off and someone can trust and said she
watched her wrong that's how she knew
unless you want to partner with regi my
sister no no she asked for everything
that I get you stay home with my picture
with you - yeah but you weren't missing
and I always wrote it to you because I
never take pictures really this
generation excuse in it let's get a pink
shirt on like I did but I kind of like
their you loved her I did you know that
exam I mean well I'm gonna tweet from my
boobs so the sea was are enjoying life
at the Waffle House right now everyone's
at a deep concentration if I have my
gloves are good I mean I'm not love them
waffle time butter and syrup flat half
and half
crumble have flat all crumbles not
crumble not for different people for
dinner waffle style I mean I got a good
egg over heart or over easy and I love
it love it
you when you butter your wife and then
you tear it apart you move your piece I
needed an iguana Henry a waffle laughs
why
and yes I mean maybe we should all just
eat it like up with a fork like I do
I like like my waffles by the wall okay
robots close out the vlog about to call
it a good night it was an amazing night
here in Florida tomorrow we go home to
California to get ready for Mall of
America so it's gonna be really fun and
I love you guys and Tahoe song quotes
today's song quote is I'm gonna come
back like a boomerang and I know I've
done it what is my favorite song and I
don't even care no it's not all justice
song call of the day is going to be is
going to be waiting on deliver my home
thank you oh my kid
I'll take 20 - good night you get money
wait not over yet what's going on so we
of all know marrow drive slow it down
try again that's not how you doing it
that you're good okay I want to tell you
straight she's known for simple sort of
his license kind of spider scare me
because one time I was when I lived at
home with my mom my sister my sister my
room illustration we're making a frozen
pizza and we had a counter and we were
cutting the pizza and all of a sudden we
looked up and there was a spider and my
mom was like ooh I'll go to the shoe or
something and kill it right and so she
came back and I was still cutting the
pizza was something were like where did
it go the little spider pig dogs
like down on the card on our P stop it
so far we could kill it it's like nerdy
a spider on the ceiling just know that
it can be done right where you go turn
are in my bill and I went mom I mean
that daddy long leg is pretty close to
your room you could come did you you're
dizzy
