okay okay general okay we are about to
go to pool cell but first I mean you may
have seen that room and I'll show you
the kitchen having some snacks having
some lunch coming out here going to the
pool to see what everyone else is doing
we got Jaden and his friends Tom's on
the hot tub
everyone else is just kind of hanging
out chilling out at pool and I'm gonna
be super Cindy oh shoot Rumble oh well
they have these little things there you
have to push this for safety before you
open the door so no little kids get out
since everyone hanging out playing at
school good morning morning nobody's
having any fun we're working on it what
sharks and minnows oh all right a minute
18 cents it's like four times G Oh
anyways um no it was outside I'm Marissa
good everyone so they're all packing up
and kind of goodbye their heart how like
everyone left and I'm actually very
sorry I really wanted to film them
leaving but the camera wasn't by me and
they're like left really quick like it
was like get up kid and Carly like say
like hey I wanted to spend time with
them instead of saying goodbye and
instead of doing this so I got super
sunburned there's a Wars very sunburns
Oh
Kaden put now I'm back in my room we
don't leave we have all day here
tomorrow but then we leave on the next
day yes thank you
um we leave the next day show what I do
a lot but I think when we get new
YouTube video from my channel right now
I'm going to upload it right now you're
really cool I've been um one this might
one week and it was for being 14 um but
I think I'm going to upload a video to
my channel right now I'm going to that
can decide ponytail I snagged on that
right now
plus my hair looks like super cute
because it's like
but I'll try gorillas so just I'm just
not I my face though with us it's
terrible honkers also to a shower twice
today from record oh no actually I think
my record for showers in one day three
times so I could beat that oh I think
I'm Google's own video over my main
channel oh I said anyways
I definitely think I was going to go
make new Janis o'clock Jana does she
called me in the channel Nicole like she
hangs up it's weird to cook it but I
really did a miracle for main Channel
video for my main channel I haven't
posted like anything besides resist to
be honest I'm walking backward because
of this lady right there but to be
honest I'm actually better by myself I
filmed a video and if you have played a
video in like 30 minutes time very bad
not me my brother we're about to play
cool Kyle a come on you know me know how
to rock on screen but I think for
Sunday's video on my main channel I'm
going to give you guys a tour of this
house so but I just did the room to grow
my channel but should I do the little
law which I do that with a vlog I might
called it out for the vlog I'll do that
for today's vlog I'll show you guys that
later tonight ordering food somebody
after in food I don't know he's racking
right now is your first know you were on
Jewish world yesterday weren't you a
little I mean at the park probably about
my cool cool
I've been watchin yeah houses all day on
my because now go motivated to get a
crew laughs so it's like no I just like
well I came downstairs okay get me John
fortunate no it would not bad you like
you like to wear as you can forgive that
mature of the house try give them a tour
of the house yeah I think so let's go
all right I came outside so you can
actually see the outside louse let me
show you it
it's very pretty very pretty I'm not
showing you over there because that will
show you the address but it's very
pretty over there
anyways so this is the house it's
awesome
that deck confuses me though because
it's not a deck you can't go out there
it's really anyways so this garage is so
cool too like I'm the biggest fan of it
I love it so much I'll show you that
from the inside oh alright this is the
door it's justin has like a cool lock
little welcome mat that's backwards you
walk in and it's crazy I gotta watch
this it's like that's like our another
super pretty super duper duper pretty I
mean they got literally like everything
it's just it's unbelievable house
alright you walk to you who they're
watching shark tank walk this way and
there's bathroom number one who is like
the public bathroom and this was Diana's
room and it's super duper pretty in here
I love it so much
bathroom you know it's pretty awesome it
literally is the most gorgeous house
I've ever seen in my entire life so I
have her painting and all of this this
is actually quite hilarious for washers
and dryers two washers two guys now look
at this is the garage
so let me turn the light on we have a
few bags of trash so look at this this
is the garage is there really not one
thing in here but look at this you can
see out but remember outside how you
couldn't see in and I'm very cool at
Lopes estimate I shouldn't like that off
all right welcome back in I'll show you
the kitchen now or the living now the
kitchen will go into the kitchen so the
kitchen we've ate in here a few times as
you can tell by all the food I'm going
to pretty over there is like the table
cool light that's the ovens stove the
fridge is huge in st. P put on like soda
in here which is actually very funny
yeah guys i n't doughnut anyone like
that
we got the tables that people can sit on
if they feel like it so this is my
personal favorite thing about the house
bosses she just opened the door you
can't see yet the president lay oh my
cameron gonna die oh well i'm going to
try to finish this quickly without a
dying let's see if i can do it anyway
this is the outside it's amazing there's
a pool a hot tub the pool is awesome
it's just really pretty out here then
come outside like grill area it's just
it's so gorgeous and civil unbelievable
I love it
so now if you want to see I'm going to
tell you this now do you want to see my
room go to my main channel because I did
a room tour on it but I'm not gonna show
you my room because yeah this in here
will be my parents room my mom and dad's
room but if you want that you're gonna
have to comment down below and maybe
just maybe not so much you tomorrow
this room is maybe if you guys watch
this video a lot you open this door and
it's like a super bitch kitchen in there
this was candies you know I hid in this
suitcase earlier right there funny it's
just a broom in here it's very prenup
and now we're going upstairs upstairs my
personal favorite so locking up I'm
going up on a Tuesday all right then you
go to the left that's my room and then
this is sailors room and it's really
pretty in here some of the rooms have
like the same layout like my room and my
mom and dad's room has the same layout
and then Taylor's in cadiz room have the
same layout there you go to say signal
our area there's a pool table there's
vault table outside they get a fun
gaming table another couch or threat
show you guys the couch and couch just
not anything special this is the workout
room get fit in here and you can see the
outside from here it's pretty awesome I
like it in here my brother's room it's
pretty I mean it's just physical
bathroom now um anyways walking out of
here this in here is the movie room
which is definitely one of my favorites
it's like James Bond themes so it's like
very cool but the seats are unbelievable
it's just terrific me my brother I got a
quick wall and we can play Quidditch
with it so now we're Harry Potter fan so
yeah another washer and dryer quick load
lock this IDs and lights - they're so
cool like on you know what it is but
it's literally so cool pool table this
is what I was telling you guys about I'm
here like foosball and just another
little sitting area that overlooks the
pool this is my favorite
no you make sure that this is shut
let me turn the lights on this is where
all my friends left it's like little
bunk beds and it's all like spider-man
themes right so it's really cool and
just like the bathroom and watch us all
right you think it's like pretty cool
right no secret room what I know so the
secret room is this and now the secret
room connects to this room in here so I
find the light in here I believe it's a
Harlequin scuse me
like literally like that's just it's so
weird I just don't like that but yes
there's another secret door here their
bathroom and goodbye you anyways coming
back out here that's pretty much it I
mean it's a really cool pretty house and
I love it so much it's pretty awesome
their house now I just got wasted pizza
to get here and I got my swimsuit I
don't know if I told you um I actually
forgot I needed to go tomorrow I went to
join I got one then you guys ate two
over here hopefully together same on
couch
Oh crazy
oh but I ever did three videos today a
lot of editing in case you didn't know
one of them I had to edit like really
good TV those remain channels I'm going
to convince them whether to rematch me a
pool
