okay general good morning and welcome to
the vlog um right now I am in my room
our villa
so technically our house that we rented
in Orlando and I will probably give you
a house to of that before we leave but I
have been awake hope that I tried to
sleep I just couldn't
and also my voice is going in and out
it's not because I'm losing it is just
because like I like to side to Christ
and in HIV lab some parts like so yeah
anyways the point that I was getting to
right now is that I have purely feet
syndrome now I just made that up but how
I discovered that I have that is I was
bored out of my gourd and I've been up
for a really long time and so I decided
to get myself a pet care and by that I
mean I took a lush bath bubble bar and I
put it in a sink and I put my feet in
the sink that's why I did the same thing
to my hand so it made it like super soft
so I like but look at what happened to
my feet and also if you're like a little
queasy defeat you know if I shouldn't
watch this
but like it's so weird look at this I
don't know what's going on with it look
at like I get that it's like could be
because it's like dry but look at that
like you can see that can't you like
it's like weird like I'm just going to
get it all off it was the same on this
foot so great here ensures that was that
it was the same this foot but I got it
all off it was just so weird I'm like
I've never seen that before just like a
layer of skin so I just take the towel
so I felt like this like I'm just
getting that skin off because it's dead
skin but like isn't that weird
pilly feet syndrome it's a new thing I
was just very I'm very confused by it so
and I was like oh I had to like a
about this so that's my life story right
now other than that today is gonna be a
fun day all my friends are coming
I'm doing a challenge where they have to
find their a I'll show you magic Oh
Philip
there's a hidden room in the villa so
when I give you the tools it'll show you
it better
I'll show you like all this but um oh
and also I cannot figure out how to get
that down but I have a whole lobsters
device also it's actually quite cool but
I cannot figure out from in life how to
get up again to look at this this wall
like closes it's like a hidden room it's
very cool I will hide in there and they
have to find me and whoever finds me
first
give me the prize oh yeah um other than
that I'm going to go and my pee wee feet
syndrome so that I'll show you the house
tonight
actually no I'm going to do this video
to just I'm going to show you the house
on yours just I'm going to show you my
room wander is just so I'll show you
like the house later but I'm going to
show you my room in full detail on your
dresser so they should check that out
that came out yesterday for us today for
me
there's my channel main channel it's
sure to do it right now well I got
dressed I got ready I I mean like I
literally did I just so much time I've
like never been so happy
um still thing out yellow a little wait
Oh actually it's getting to the point
where they should start to be waking up
it's only Diana my mom my dad though now
so 1119 I'm going to go see if their way
home but I got everything that I need to
get done done so I got George's used up
and edited and uploaded and filmed and I
got yesterday's vlog up and edited up
done film easy and now I'm doing this so
I got all the ways I'm gonna need to get
done but I am going to blast downstairs
Oh Inuk hi Rachel just like I dress
right here's the outfit of the day it is
the boomerang bow it is the smiley face
shirt it is the black shorts and D black
shoes
very fancy I have to shut my closet
nowhere though because my friends can
come in here they can't go you don't
have to saying like I don't want them in
there and this my lights off
because I'm doing a picture I got so
much stuff done today and it's like 11
o'clock the joy of waking up worthy I
think I'm gonna start right over there
like I think that'd be good for me click
stop you don't need to stop what's it
called
stop going to bed so late and waking up
so late put it a little bit earlier and
wake up earlier but I don't know
alrighty fish it the weight off so in
light in this moving on
excuse you why'd you just turn back on
but I balance it that's weird
all right let's go see everything's a
week as I wake if there
Wow
they need to do a killing on 32nd might
wake everyone up in like let's try was
all right wait my like a left 45 because
I guess I'm like an hour assuming it
takes they'll take them a while how to
get you from here boy help I do so
figure out one that needs me up and well
lifting some little bit oxygen work well
there's no one week still and I have
nothing to do there is a workout room in
this house I'll go get fit this the cat
room
and I'm about to get fit gonna be lit I
don't even know what I'm watching all I
know is I'm walking on the treadmill
getting shaken so prouder I still look
who's awake
yeah I'm up leaving McNugget pants see
the big negative number one I don't know
what number upgrade is number one
sure and I'm gonna go find out what my
Lobster they were going to run to the
store quick but people are going to land
in like 15 minutes
trains will be hearing about now or 30
minutes hey hello we are in Joe Joe's
bedroom right now in Orlando after we
got fried like swimming
we went swimming oh yeah but I took a
shower in the chicken chart and she took
a shot addition charge took a shower not
changing and now she was going swimming
again
oh yeah we want something and now it's
raining outside so remember how I told
you guys about the Orlando volcano Bay
Universal sweepstakes well
fine lay down I got to meet the awesome
winner this is Olivia would you like say
hello she is awesome we've been hanging
out for a little bit I mean
yeah I know
oh boy watch what happens I'm scared I'm
a little scared okay right a man on that
beach eight responded well very well
you know very well that's all I got
there aren't other steps that's not
heavy
I thought okay you want personal thank
you very much thank you
also gotta go decide then introduce you
to who they were they were WWE wrestling
boxing right west line professional
wrestlers thank I know Nami love real
love for real though I use Jojo did yes
right back when we look look look my god
I did 10 push ahead you gonna do now
yeah look at that is like one and then I
did another one that I did like there's
two in the beginning
player to the minute
Oh
so I have one job my job is to close out
the vlog tonight and Giorgio's has
texted me three times to make sure that
I close out the box okay here I am
closing out the vlog anyways today was
amazing we are in Florida with all of
our friends we had a super awesome party
at the Universal Orlando Resort at
volcano Bay and unbelievable so much fun
entertainment so much good food and
tomorrow we're going to Universal
Studios Islands of Adventure so it's
going to be so much fun all of our
friends are here and I can't wait to go
with everyone so you know what I'm not
doing a song because I can't think of
them right now but I'm just going to
give you a little advice
have fun be with your friends and be
happy enjoy life
