detective good morning de France I see
walking up there yeah I got Jess I got
Harry makeup I put a little bow tattoo
on I'm slightly walking up or walking
out the door anyway my alpha is so cute
we already did this I'm getting young to
come out the door
happy birthday to you
thank you hi I'm Jess I'm her mom
this is Tom her dad yeah party fun I
mean good thing I got my birthday music
oh my you're the most checking in and
you go with a bigger room real quick go
into the bedroom checking it out
okay Jojo I know you're there sure yeah
I'm here we give up we're amazing I was
just said of course it's all cute and
set up a lot of balls we have a
different we have to because we're
coming down the hall where she goes or
turns and
in that like people so we're at Walmart
and we're having they got us
Casey's pizza because that's what we
wanted Casey's pizza these are all you
do have these are all oh my goodness
you're Brian oh it's awesome
oh my goodness oh you have everything
about your car nobody throws a party
like Walmart and Jojo when we start the
Instagram line we're actually going to
start in this room so that that four
o'clock other than that you guys have
this room do whatever when we do the
Instagram lines we're probably going to
have you look like we'll move all this
stuff but you do you know any anything
and so I told you that briefly yesterday
about the doll but in case you did it I
mean look at that
my brand-new doll music
yes thank you I have my own doll it's so
crazy I learned all this video I love it
so much
all right I want it ruin my Ohio eye
holes are reminding today can I go to
check out please
so crazy okay perfect
whole display Jojo party okay why is
that dog so cute
I'm about to make one of my dreams they
really come true
and go on a lot better come back don't
worry about the weather
what do you want to say we can't
attention all on the Walmart shoppers we
I gotta come up with really something
submitted today morning sugar oh I need
something cute instead didn't want your
clothes on huh
I don't know nervous
clean-up on aisle 7 miles knew I had are
you kidding
yes but I guess my a more devices on
Ranma we're going to go up a walk
all right come on you guys
okay you guys all ready for that thanks
for a good month was nice and oh I could
use you be was already we have the
hardness and it is important people as
you people see them on my life Sarah my
Marty they better show like they better
show up
ah
ah
do you get all these natural things
alcohol are and you are get this dog you
can come to this Bengal or Gasol right
now or then vodka vodka sauce or you go
right online and you can pre-order it
right now so you going to point people
to get a door hi www-what dot-com show
your career your dog right now
shaggy you good job and I boy be
following people all day long to
preorder this dog right now
so make you go go right now I love you
guys so much
making sure your mission of me at test
x8 dee dee Jojo see us separate to
Joshua Ledet so much and think your
don't want to say bye to you
now guys it's a great day
who's there why she's so cute
sorry
so do mines and dollies for all her
friends in 1456 is any baking will you
grab two more please yeah yeah we're
thanks doc that's one of them that was
the one you've logged with yes I bet
there's yes here your dad was carrying
it around yeah I'm going to look at it
there we are
for yep five I use the table box and
Zoey one yeah i got the photo backdrop
argue it everyone what do you photoshop
yeah five weeks
I sewed you on it yes you three
today I'll go get you Diana's here what
do you want want one more than a
millennial polish Diana thank you thank
you so much TV 105 this song hyegyo
hotel
so we just got a cake delivered my
integrating Nickelodeon gave us these
beautiful flowers let's start with these
first they're the most pretty flowers
I've ever originally on the air but
we're going to take now we're going to
take the bows for sure can I put them in
your car and you could drive them home
and you can have a better house for sure
yeah for larger deals done okay yes so
now let's kill your dad I'm going to
drive the flowers home sweet ride that
up there so pretty oh my my smells so
good
can't even with these okay so now I ask
these ladies to make you a little tiny
cake I said it's only a couple people
from the deco people from Walmart they
did the cakes at Walmart today yeah and
they wanted to make you channel here one
for they brought those two this is how
nice they are
yes and I said just a little tiny cake I
said just a little cake for a little
tiny family
unbelievable uh-huh so I'm gonna be up
dinner with us that's what I want to do
is insane yeah I'm a little beautiful
cake is gonna pick a side and just go
out and we're just gonna go at it
yeah it's the prettiest cake I've ever
seen ever like I can't even the
Lighting's not really great but I know
what they want for in here because
they're cute I say we don't take you to
dinner I mean by everyone up later for a
piece okay that's what I say supposedly
we've covered up uh-huh
all right clothes just changed out
fitted
I leavening hazard so that we put one
thing that came down to the bar for me
know when I know yeah yeah no real time
precision just a degree you can we're
going to have nothing against birthday
party right here cake to our room yeah
down to the bar later we tell them yes
your neck here okay we're at the Walmart
Museum checking it out the bike bell we
got some magic trick from yeah thank you
okay you guys so we started out the
birthday in the basement there's a
tornado and we edit involved in hallway
because the power down oh thanks well we
have a beautiful cake and we're just
eating it there's my plate of frosting
in cake
fuck your dog sauces or just eating it
on a bog and thank you we're giving you
rejoice fun is a chance I took my blows
I'm like bolus right now but I'm going
to wrap up today's vlog I'm going to
sleep back in mentem again because I
want to UM
11:34 almost midnight um we ended the
night with the power outage of how is
that gone now as you can clearly tell
which is great we're back in our room I
got my makeup in my tattoo that I put on
today
off I'm going to bed good morning Oh our
flight got canceled why can nothing work
out on my birthday
turu my vote is today my Brotherhood
they smile but we're celebrating each of
our birthdays the day after so much
sense like yes we should call him um
anyway yeah but I gotta go edit the vlog
but so my brother's birthday tomorrow so
we're going to celebrate his and mine
and I'll get a silver his again on the
next day that will gaze over his in
Orlando - so finally birthday week you
know I'm saying like because like I had
fun today and I'm gonna have fun in
Vegas hair looks really cute and access
I'm playing with it anyways I'm gonna
wrap it up cuz this vlog was quite long
but I'm super fun at Walmart but there's
nothing would stop today besides Walmart
like that was so fun but otherwise we
started in a tornado shelter which if
you don't know what we're gonna go watch
yesterday's vlog and we ended with a
power outage and then I feel like that
cancelled but by the way we Bri booked
our flight so we're good we're clear
thank you Nickelodeon but yeah
sound well guys which is Zombo be
alright song quote have a great day
I remember the original artists on my
owners couplet we're going to YouTube's
original version of happy birthday
original version of happy birthday and
that's a help
who's saying the first happy birthday
Patty and Mildred J Hill there you go
that you did it so I would have with
this song looks of it a yes see you
tomorrow
private birthday party celebrating the
mother-daughter celebration but we're
going to go do something we're going to
have like a fun day but we're I'm sorry
to tell you this probably not going to
you along the venture most of the day
it's like a good five hours but
otherwise we got stuff to do the
billboards we got flight we got going to
the Sugar Factory the Sugar Factory
there's just like blah convenient you're
not going to you're going to get a snow
morning in our night which is pretty
typical actually so anyway good night
kids
I love you
