where are you service bullying all over
and get all that new jobs over but to do
MRSA hey guys how's it going guys good I
have this tablet here that today Wow
nothing today literally nothing but my
butt look at this look at my outfit
literal outfit goals right here yes I am
wearing a shirt with bullying all over
everything
oh my gosh this is my favorite trend
ever now I am literally obsessed no but
I got this shirt strap videos and then I
never did and I was like okay wait today
since our videos get out today today I
ordered the ones in the box she uploaded
burning my dolls book in my underwear
like the Toyota Unruh yeah some really
fun a liquid diamond skin if you want to
check those out anyway I picked up my
blog Channel because my mom decided your
laundry today and I look good she did
what like like if you can't tell that is
literal like bubbles what my kind of
thing she messed it up but it's okay mom
you don't get hot mess
three openness little Spanish eyes have
you got on this already we are going to
web fun we're going to New York tomorrow
oh my dog oh hey yah hey hey yah you
don't want to New York tomorrow actually
I have to pack I am NOT macked anything
but good news is is I don't have to pack
that much I love to pack for travel day
up front I pressed a press day travel
day for five days for five days I
thought it was less than that on the
bright side look at this tons of new
Jojo much came in today you have my
stuff came in like look at look at like
it I'll show you
God walk around all that down there came
in today but that's it down there is a
pose that's not gonna fit me but they
did send me 14 faces dreams I got new
Jojo much I literally they send some
JCPenney stuff to me and it was all like
child mediums and I was like come on
but Nellie's I mean this stuff like this
shirt I know it's for sure target look
at this it's so cute
dan sleeps I know that dress your target
they said not to be my size I'm just
get all that new jobs over I was Nate
Dale in our house and I'll tell you mine
is thinking for let me get in the garden
why scary what did you hide why when you
just die here I look Jin Yan ago and
here's a gang out she texted me while I
was flying here the lady got you and I
was like didn't so much 1030 you want to
go and you're like yeah he thought I
talked about for tonight and I go no you
want to go and he goes oh if you do and
I go cheating you know I'd even he goes
well you know I do so now we're going to
I fly um great exciting literally just
like 30 seconds
I didn't do my classical helmet thing
that I usually do because we were in a
hurry and I didn't really have time but
now we are leaving I've lighters I
didn't really find um we did you much
tonight it wasn't me like a teaching
coaching night yeah you did but my meal
is just kind of more like a fun mess
around you know we're back some things I
want to go to talk about but I think
it's closed
some sad later back here at the most
every house in Sherman Oaks California I
actually think that could be a fact I
think this is probably the most epic
house
hi oh hello stay happy why you haven't
been on your forever
Lobos g√©za hi she's too busy licking and
sniffing me because I just got home by
babies you want me to pick you up
you want me to big you up I didn't oh
good
no no I don't think I'm actually gonna
be able to play tonight because I gotta
pack I gotta film a video I had a lot of
them doing undo tonight making a bag
again filming a video I need to go back
yo check this out I've actually thought
about you know much and I got my pile of
Jonah words so you know right here but I
hope the other pajamas in today that I
think I've got a babies are about to
change it does on daughter pajamas and
thank you that is what you're not gonna
like it all life in general stuff so I
got this puzzle dress that's supposed to
resemble a dress on me it's like a
really short shirt that could be
considered a dress and boy I got some
Jojo shorts on with it can you see my
dress I got Joe - oh it's on though new
Oh new straws and then I got some
slippers so slippers on literally Brenda
I just got that today okay my brother's
bed for now right now I got a bag I just
have to throw all that it even got some
socks maybe I need to put shoes in there
and you put bows in there and then
bathroom stuff I was back in the morning
yeah she's so sad that I'm leaving for
my baby girl it's sad because I'm not -
you're with me and we're gonna really
don't know what I love you whoo-hoo boys
your bigger is
all right in fact I'm actually gonna
wrap it up for the night I just got done
filming a video pic that I have to send
in for approval for something so that's
why I'm all dressed and ready again all
the TV like my shirt is a brand new and
I love it I love it all right but I'm
calling it a night because I am tired it
is 1:00 a.m. and I need to go to
sleeping I need to do get ready because
I just really got ready for like a tour
for like a 10 minute video as always
that's life I did resultados little grab
on today I love y'all I'll watch and
guess what you ready you ready get ready
for it
