good morning welcome to vlog right now I
am headed into my bathroom try to set my
camera and I am getting dressed
but actually I mean obviously I've
already dressed but I had to do my hair
and I'm doing my here because we got a
quarter busy day today so being our day
off it's still quite a busy day what's
happening is we're going to enhance
video and a little girl got to make a
wish um for make a wish she wished to
meet me and to dance with me and so
we're going to got today and supersize
meet her so that should be really fun
and then after that we're going to say
walk and war and I think I might want
your nails done we got a few days Eid
today I'm taking this offer right now
because
like right here right now anyways after
that we're going to come home I wrap up
packing and yeah
sir I was like I'm going to start this
blog earlier today than we actually have
been I hope we haven't ever share this
vlog while I get ready so we're solving
a danger and we will see what would you
I fly again so you got to do in here and
then I gotta make us back to tea from
this little girl we gotta give her some
like show yourself so that should be
really fun but after I do my hair again
curl and gonna brush my teeth on the
face so I'm gonna make up on not a lot
just a little and then ready to go just
nation story cello
they're so really used to take you
forever to do it now just like can do it
like one second literally though which
it literally takes you 40 seconds to do
my hair
that's it this actually quite hilarious
like this clip that you see so far in
the two minutes long and I in terms of
log walked into my bathroom set my
camera and in my hair and it's like
perfect no bumps yeah
schools I am is it going to curl it and
see um ready wow this is the new style
of logging mom in case you're wondering
definitely the news channels another
look I'm just finishing it like this not
over here I'm dressed and we're walking
out a different Melvin but I have some
really good news for everyone a new news
optimist yeah we make to evolution which
is just what yeah grab it effective Oh
which is where we had our rehearsals for
it there ah mom we can't Eleanor we have
coming out literally father was like a
spider's web page you're like oh you
guys all the rehearsals that we've been
having because I'm performing at Mall of
America for the show I'll tell you all
the details when we get back in the car
after this but we're walking in right
now and I don't know if they're gonna
the kids gonna like want to be on the
camera I'm sure she will but okay I got
asked her before but if you don't tell
me I don't know
all right we gotta wait for its focus
there we go
going to set introduce yourself this is
autumn I get excited and look at you
can't wear your jojoba this is a little
girl that I was telling you guys about
earlier and this is your lovely family
over here and the make-a-wish so I'm
super excited we're going to a dance it
was a children's dance
so she'll fit in after we lose it yeah
yeah let's do it well
and perfect
it's very dark
um we are finished and now ratsy walk
and cool oh yeah
daddy is pretty cool right I'm going on
dating fun right now but we're going to
walk and head over to this one I apply
for dinner or lunch whatever it is yeah
I was I think you read I fly and I was
so excited I didn't can't wait absolute
fittest hello I play I'm in my gear I
got the new goggles on that they got
coming helmet on and what you don't see
is I got earplugs in I got my schedule
and they yell smash my books turn us on
won't kill me today we're going to try
back fly I'm not ready for it so excited
oh it's gonna be different you grip it
and you want it tonight and then you say
all that of course we boots are very
fine so that should be good I like belly
fly
neighbor that's my instructor what
what what's his name this is my mom
-
my hair made for my slide but I put a
bow in it but it's behind there anyways
I thought was great I did my first block
I like blacks line you know I did my
voice back slide today which is so cool
what you think of it back slide I mean
that was hard I were gonna fly I was
gonna fly my back so yeah back slide
it's that was fun why is that person
getting like black I gave you a console
board it's post Nate I said well why is
like a cheeseburger black spaghetti
salmon and a popsicle lippies licorice I
don't know oh well anyway yeah
Katherine random over here anyways um no
literally I feel I was so fun though um
I got to do my first high belly fly on
my own which is really good and then I
have you put a little food um and then
after that I got to do a back fly which
was crazy it was so fun I said I'm a net
most the backside time because it takes
a while for bat fly master but they said
I did better than most people do on
their first try it was bad fly so that's
really good it's just gonna use to it I
think this is awesome man well Sam
mastered belly fly shaft out back flies
the hardest Nelson
so next is sick fly which I'm super
excited but not even not next time but
Brian like we're next like four times
anyways after I master back fly anyways
uh nails she will see the nails done my
memory polish Caroline with worker
Nicastro
you smell there and I got another thing
from players at the house but we're not
home so our friend picked it up for us
but when we go home and we see it and I
can't wake us a day full of clear
surprises a day full of surprises from
Claire's for my birthday a day full of
the stuff from Claire I am now day full
of stuff from Claire's great I can't
wait
ok we need over a bet here with you or
Jim because you're a moron and you
raised your Allen's I would like to
thank you crazy we are a bad thing
finished packing kinda sorta I mean I
still got a mess down there
and a mess over here to mess everywhere
but I know what I'm going to I packed my
backpack
did the things that I needed to do a
wall looks good and we'll be off
Claire's literally got me the best
package like literally look at those
blues they're crazy
some sage hey Mase hey you doing okay
what do you like on camera yeah here on
camera
hey I got you blue line event or
chickening out on Walmart onions okay
with me that was going on tonight anyway
it would be 100 more to do chicks to go
out it to go tonight
let's dance tonight I'm sleeping on my
vacation make escape anyone wonders why
didn't even know what I got you
what oh that's okay yeah I thought
you're driving by that's okay no not
laughing I'm gonna usually right we're
wrapping it up some quotes some well I
just did you got Sheldon you do so good
at all this bumper off okay so did you
don't do - oh good I'll do so Reds your
donut you don't do I'm so good
so a no-show good oh I didn't I didn't
really Chinese yummy day
I am sorry Evan go show a lot of dunno
let me just look at that champ my life
is all right ready go so good back back
oh good I got you brown brown brown now
let me just so good news Ron Brown know
your kite so good just to make you that
really please okay I don't know oh wow
abdomen okay ready you're so much so big
brown cow that feel like this just bit
me go fill up I am going bail out
background okay you go join our contract
oh oh goody no Sheldon Bob laughs
Charlotte Bob I got you no I won't go I
might take a walk then be here me know
where they closed the present and it was
so nice so nice so nice so sweet I got
you I got prompting his life okay see
you and tomorrow will be trouble in here
tomorrow I have a really good idea go
leave us a comment on hold it I never
told them about multi-link i won I'll
tell you in tomorrow's vlog tomorrow I'm
reading all the comments on hold the
drama go leave us comments
