hey general good morning everybody
deadly six o'clock happy Mother's Day
thank you it's a Happy Mother's Day to
this beautiful mother and her Mother's
Day present isn't here yet look at bail
comment I got a really nice gift from a
lot of people who she gets from I got
flowers from my kids and I got some
chocolate-covered strawberries from my
kids and I got a limit on charm last
keychain from Diana my really good
friend Diana and a lot of you guys
probably know her because she does her
hair me good and you got a nice thing
for my husband and I got a nice thing
for my husband I got for you as some
nice to see me I like I started a
bracelet it was like that perfume is
like why s hey Lauren or right or you
know exactly love for a minute but I
really know about this but up one I love
it well
I don't know if I know where my clothes
eventually are you lost a beautiful
I'll help you um but we're going to go
to Michael's and I'm going to get some
clear glue and she's going to get some
things and we're going to look for the
Jojo questionnaire and then after that
now you know that look at this is the
wing style so just go straight yep just
keep going
you'll get that oven this is like
Colorado right here we're not even
passing Americana yet - go straight
yeah it's on vanilla and then after that
we're going to go to this really cool
place it's called the camo shanton yeah
Moe Tim Oh like Tim Tam O'Shanter and
we're going to go down for dinner I'll
let my song came out today I mean by the
way so you guys who came out yesterday
but for me I cannot and I thought was
cool Canada can show go check it out on
my youtube channel anyways we got a jam
O'Shanter and a really good program and
I actually hate prime rib but I've been
craving it tonight but before they had I
always got like to pick one but I just
figured out you can get like a really
thin cut one so we're going to go there
and we're going to show them all of our
food and everything look like it eat it
okay okay we're in order system then we
ate we each had to try one new things
you can order this like souffle cake
it's definitely getting this like yeah
but we gotta try something new okay okay
we should go here jewel City bill and
Grill we should we should go bowling
let's do it maybe when our friends come
the visitors can be calm right you look
really white I bet you didn't if she'd
pray to patoot
I mean right so that's how I got blows
petal ice inside oh well anyone's
wondering I mean yeah when Dale Civic
Center I was the place anyways um I
forgot if I already told you why we're
at 6 o'clock it's because I was in
rehearsals all day and I tell you when
were rehearsing for but I can tell you
this learn the words to the phone but in
the woods right on go watch the live
video that's why we put the lyric video
up but yeah
Oh learn the words buttercup I'm really
hoping Michael headline self but they
had a I hope they have the poster too
but I hope they have fun stuff she says
she hopes am a planner I cut you off I'm
sorry nothing I'm going to plant I
probably my life I got a few things make
slime got a few things don't don't look
at my cart mom uh you what are you
getting I don't know all right
so was it Mother's Day just really does
get a weave it in this um journal I only
wanted cleaner that is okay k q-1 well
wait it's really hard to pick because I
don't know so many of them I don't know
exactly what sighs it's okay I'm gonna
go find more thing are you okay if I
walk around a little of it if you leave
me alone for a little bit let me take my
time and OSHA you will hire oh all right
but I would go find my poster to misty
which one whatever's playing buddy
listen
need your grace to remind me to find my
own if I lay here if I just lay here
would you lie with and just all get a
one thanks for making me fun I get what
we're told before we get to show me up
those stinking life I just add I think
economy holds whatever stress Michael
use the bad he'll notice a change for us
at all it's fallen here if I just lay
here would you lie with me and just
forget the world
and honey Jam party
I'm on a mission could have posters and
for things like family so I gotta go
alright well alright I'm going to go
shadow find the bushes now I got all my
stuff my card actually really decreased
I took away some things just because I
was like an you know I got active way to
joke me because I have so much white
blue and now I got a ton of scared
really like all these toys are but now
I'm gonna go try to send up a logistic
okay million over area I read go find a
worker have it I mean so director he'd
smile I know that girl alright let me
push I'm under a second thought I have
long green beans yeah yeah mom right you
favorite place how are you thank you so
much remember thank you any what Britain
guide water thank you
this is the Tamil Shanter and we get
these things the tempura green beans all
get this English cut right there I can't
want to try the mac and cheese today we
can get food if you try to try speak
like this um so you can try this like
baked potato
we can try there's a few things that we
do that we could try we could try the
19th you'll have a computed a
I want everybody's right let's just try
whole bunch of things alright good thank
you very sorry forgot the one um food my
prime rib
Jake love corn and rest arrows hers
China no try it sounds that bad mom if I
can do it you can do it you actually
might like it go go go take this little
side noodle
thank you thank you from those first
couple bites treating you well wonderful
Thank You wonderful the whole noodling
about stick it in cue it install it
stick it in to it it's all my lifetime I
went to Michael's and I went a little
bit crazier than I actually thought I
did so I got this bead get these beads
this stuff I didn't know where it was so
I got it sequence cases well
this model magic these cool like
metallic paint shape comes already had
I've got all those clear blues and some
weightless it's got a few things we're
gonna have a second me for Karina
alright sly marathons over Jerry show
you the making of it but this is awesome
flying is really good fun oh it is wait
you know how can China make better sizes
it look like butter into the butter fine
there's his butter slime you guys it's
so satisfying it's right just wait I
just tuck this all in
okay can't you touch it oh yeah no watch
it Jenny it is I rented butter climate
every other song I might get firearms in
okay here you go and now why should I
feel like stay is like butter a lot of
roles like lime and I like it he'll
never yeah how'd you make that with that
remote stuff that I have going on it's
fine - yeah ready you really using the
knife by getting what is the word
this is work so this is all butter sign
is this how you just satisfying butter
sign video like this you make it into a
ball mm-hm ready mm-hmm
we put a heart there's the ball a blue
bark
hmm there's a ball you don't cut it you
guys finished by back you're going like
this it looks like a peanut butter looks
like cocaine that was amazing is that
cool mm-hmm
what's this one does it like unicorn fly
mare actually it's called fishable well
I think it should be called unicorns
line could be it was like sticky yeah no
smell like baby lotion this because this
is the baby listen that I made the other
day Oh added stuff into it so we started
with the foam then we added a ton of
sequins is it yeah you don't like that
one Amy I thought one but watch it
you want me to show you something cool
okay this is what this is my favorite
slime to look at
it's like raspberry and gold and purple
glitter a dress you'll like this this I
want to know we've had these balloons
the kids
still I really might find out tonight
over here - why she often says how
unique this is you put it all up yeah
yeah
just jump this in now watch this fold it
over and you tuck it all right blue okay
oh I got you boo
and then you just keep fooling over
until it's all mixed it is mashed in
yeah like to see you let chunks and huh
I love it problemo
problem you got a little clothes layer
don't let go off my hopefully let me go
off my favorite shirt is it really what
the what tell me it comes off buzz lime
slime away oh okay
oh I'm not kidding you this cannot be
happening right now
forget you Dresden I didn't is like a
blob is in fact my shirt oh oh this
order no one tonight anymore what I
would say just wash it it might come out
in rush this is so not have any right oh
you are not laughing that slime on my
shirt no hole up she does that treat if
I was like that and you could give up
mine man
oh no no you have no idea I love this
shirt you know vlog people know he says
I wear it a lot in the bosses it oh I
can't even think right now
yeah yeah yeah just go like back my god
oh my god what's gonna happen if I put
in the washer tease me try it
you're like a like a do you're older
like I love this shirt
oh I'm depressed
okay Bobo Schneider folia punic a little
recon role in it did you get some off
I'm like oh oh my god cool not funny
it's not going to come off I mean that
stuff butters line is really staining my
clothes ready
you pull that way off all this I you're
gonna rip a hole in my shirt dude I mean
okay I think I'm just gonna put in a
wash your eyes look at this point the
only thing I have to lose is I'm gonna
have to wear it inside out guy just a
hole in it you know I love it
I love it we item not good I just roll
the dough that is like a crap
bad news letter it's a good free people
come peeping what don't shoot I'm not
okay no I love our weaknesses night mom
I mean the ending title song of JJ's
Rose sitting song ending is just too
much I think a lot smarter and like a
song about being in the washer is all
about slicing I got a phosphate on
lizard
yep sure all right Shawn oil tonight is
whatever that's on work and there is the
blue duty duty ha oh look at that point
is boy's life I no longer like you we
are not friends yet II I'm bull what did
you do air-cool touch it oh my god
dude
oh my god feel it it's cold oh my god
it's like dry ice and they can do it oh
no no do it again it's fine
you see ya oh well back up here you
vlogging all the wait wait wait why
this is please use this product
responsibly so Owen coming off the wall
Jojo
alright guys good night love you
