okay general good morning and welcome to
the everyday vlog um what's going to
happen right now oh there is a little
mountain here I was like wiser
why don't you know but there's no Osama
anyways um high light angles um today
I'm just going to put all that away and
I need to do some work on my wall and
I'm going to order some more of these
books so I guess you think - but other
than that I have the day off so you
should just should be grateful today I'm
super excited for it or you think Frank
Joe Joe literally that's all right yes I
did shower so that's why I look like
transformed into a different hairdo but
I felt about it because about still
lively but my dad here I mean my man my
mom here first of all I'm awake I'm
ready for missing Jayden oh brother
soon anyways um right now they are three
pieces of the pie getting ready to go
out are you excited yeah and I just
ordered my mom's Mother's Day gift
online it's gonna be here like three
days late but it's okay because you're
gonna love it you're gonna die I'm gonna
die yeah I think we could tell them what
the big announcement is no yeah no yeah
oh yeah oh hold on let me tell her let's
do it I get it yeah you can tell alright
we're telling I'm you ready I got my big
oversized hoodie on my cute little
t-shirt on from yeah the announcement is
my finally boom - on Canada kitty turns
out if you want to check it out as
amazing Louie in the description box
right now it's on my main channel it's
the lyric video the song is not out out
yet but the lyric video is out which
happens organism technically you're
going to be able to hear the song but
the song is not like some pictures on it
enjoy the lyric video so you guys have
learn the word for sylveon so anyways
you guys divining-rod kid in the candy
store is out right now at the official
video just beware Johnny Laird video on
the YouTube channel go watch it right
now comment down below wig guy and I'm
look I don't know what you love it
because we don't subscribe for five
people who do it
yeah all right well subscribe you to go
watch it calm down boy where you guys at
second a little taste of it
I'm song yeah all right push push I do
call the dunk up now let's not even keep
you apart
dang it but it does bring out Bernie oh
damn damn damn like a kid in a candy
store but the point I was going to you
guys but look out gumdrop jumping like a
lollipop never let the crazy stop a
million flavors with a million in the
color that's again don't you what we've
got to say oh it's nothing you see he
Camilla's my part where it goes even
Bobo get security
oh no I like that so what are like Chris
John got a week gonna grab it anything
you want you can have it was it take
your dog Bobby got a pop corn dogs oh
please bubble marshmallow pillow and
think another bite out of life
Oh candy did one man fall apart take my
top of a down the street Lana
Wawa in a box bozo gets a treat
one read your shoe cute I don't need no
money just a little bit of honey got a
jellybean heart keep keep your meat
cutting a chocolate memento with the
strawberry swirl never sugarcoat I'm a
hound cat girl
so yeah that is a little piece of the
time but there is more that you have to
see right Bobo Bobo you guys got a lot
more you've got a click in the
description so we said in the
description to go kamiya remember the
words okay you can take you later yes
you can I like it you're gonna like it
you guys um so yeah go check out right
now stop watching visit it won't finish
this video and then come them and then
go to the next video ok so we're in the
car and this is a change up because
normally dad's driving straight but
today tom is driving and we are gonna go
get Jojo a birthday present I think that
lady's mad at me right there can you
draw well let you through cuz with
Nebraska later on pedestrians you don't
know the drive here and so we're gonna
go get James a birthday present we're
going look at some dinner we're going to
massage I think we're going to go to
Walmart and get some knickknacks and
then go home and watch pattern because
we're the only two people have not seen
that movie and we're going back to
Universal and we actually want to know
what we're riding when we write the
right this time so anyways what are you
doing you think oh by the way they got
back home by name by the way
long time fine time well does never seen
we makes fun not even out here monitor
okay we didn't have the good the profile
turned out they didn't see this
yeah haven't see my plan yet that I made
today I went on lively and Miley sonic
line so I finally made pigness 5 and I
put like leave like she'll I could
expensive makeup in it but solo I mean
like that math expensive stuff that you
can't find anywhere hello well change
how much anything that's why I'm covered
you just to be the cupcake cupboard and
it smells good you about find the glue
ratio almost time to glue ratio yeah
this ratios like fine to water or glue
the water so I'm teaching him how to
make slime because he's never made slime
because he doesn't live with two chicks
that makes black every day alright I
think it should be called don't you
didn't just damage town
world to be what else isn't it I mean
while we're doing that let's just take a
look at the stuff I packed for the damn
page we packed okay for JoJo's dancers
with a bow everyone gets a backpack a
Joe bot pack and then they have a whole
bunch of goodies in their backpacks and
they're getting those hopefully we can
vlog them tomorrow yeah and yeah now
watch once you start to add this before
middle you'll see make it magical
there's the borax yeah
like that bottle we found oh I like mr.
wizards world order that show us so now
this is my favorite part
roll up your sleeves take it off here Oh
sing for me
sure thank you and here yeah how many
times have you got that my mom never you
can't get the slide because the slimy
little stick to your hair there's always
the first time in this might be a nope
nope I put anything on her she put dots
in my hair yesterday sprinkles sprinkles
so what do you do is that enough look at
still everywhere this is it and so again
we ate so much of that unicorn stuff it
was so good you guys look at that it's
like almost gone yeah Suze that was like
a big marshmallow why don't you do that
don't want to have him do it Joan like a
while look at that every dad good that's
pretty cool stick your hands a little
right now one eventually it'll become a
sticky I mean run your dad's making that
slime low where are you gonna just keep
mixing it up yep remember when Jade made
that guac oh no take it are you guys
yeah we're going to touch it
and then watch this data sign so cool
I mean I got showed him how to do an
annual slime pulling oh it's so
satisfying
oh it's why I have to size it look like
10 you can see lady right bingi damn
he's already at me yeah she's got can't
watch watch watch how satisfying this is
it doesn't one no no no I'm not going to
get on anything now house like nothing
okay it's so satisfying pay for it and
this is what you do so this is how you
would start the video is it the
satisfying slime and you're taking Henry
go
you're making pizza dough very well see
I fight hunger right lookit her dress
murder is so now watch you just go back
out on the counter
yeah sounds a bit like that's how I
define this fine though on the other
name is called G now if you lie upon
jiggly jiggly yeah it's like jiggles
there's like a belly this is my opinion
yeah like watching you drop it
jail but this is my opinion doubles as
jiggly fluffy and butter holy water
because it works is fluffy
you can still resisting and it works
really nicely
oh and it statements line which is cool
first figure that I've ever made you
shouldn't see me struggling to point is
open and how small I mean like I did
that is wearing doesn't sing on the
search unit all right I did I have my
feet up look at yeah that's fine okay
and that just oozes out and it just
oozed out I they said gently how long
will we don't go very far ill go down
here thank you everybody
yeah like watch look like the blob they
have movie The Blob oh my god don't get
it on the floor they won't this sides
like super good like sticks to itself
which is nice so then it also don't want
this butterfly because watch this to
take a butter knife I mean watch it
spreads like butter
what is this do if you knew this judge
oh I mean that's the hardest one is dick
it's a knife I don't know but you know
that and this I'm like all pearl he will
change it was pretty and then Google and
then people didn't say a slow and whoa
slava do that how long do we did
reported but we've already gone up there
and dropped it down like yeah you can't
open tickets on the regular
now you like this thing called flow now
a lot of people I'll show you what
plumbers would like it I'm still tangled
of it slime I resent enough for this I
need to make one wood right now the rice
krispies as you say v7 is one another
way so dinner my favorite I mean usually
I make some popcorn appointment pop oh
oh really talk right how do I get rid of
this time tick yeah yeah glue yeah yeah
that's way better
yeah I mean this one has like crumbs and
jelly like crunchy sign and watch it
will all stick to it they call this one
well there's a type of it's called song
but this will be called you were at a
confirm a good Emma no it's okay
disgusting what's up Oh does it fail
fail probably always hard to stuff in
fail let the fail that's just disgusting
and now all the colors are bleeding I
know it's beautiful
this glasses always have full doctor
your glass half full
okay right now that's cool then we'll do
a little book do you know watch ants so
they were going to stick to it
yeah that's like what you do is well but
this white line turned out very good and
I mean it very fast though really good
so I'm not I can't saving the money
associated cream then have fun wrong
okay huh so satisfying so satisfying
then your show you what else you believe
using a what
so then after then people will watch it
this is actually pretty cool
so don't worry don't have a freakout
because I will be cleaning this after
people go like this since when have I
ever freaked out going so then people
will go exist the pink
another reasoning of quartz countertops
yeah another reason to wait free rent
we would we would we would then it's
like a really bad all right
cinnamon bun then watch this I don't
think the Cinnabon will be calling you
to work there no women
wait a lot so you kind of do that huh
and on the green you like fold it in
yeah yeah and watch out a little you
just wait for it I'm waiting
that could you I don't have that much
workstation thank you
look agent Jones our dad because no like
see how it's already Chinese room yeah
it's like magic mm-hmm when you put
green and white it turns light green but
it's cool hot like mixed is all together
and I mean I've never seen anything I
mean it's like when you put food
coloring and dough and it doesn't mix
together just a separate but I was fine
it's cool it's phloem did it right this
is why the hard I like that green color
that's actually what my favorite colors
remember no sound like a mint this was a
taste like mint
I tried borax once also satisfy you ever
tell you I tried war axe television they
tell us we're sorry so what happened was
I used bowls that look like this
basically bright yeah a big blue ball
yeah but oh yeah I didn't say that Wow
but there's we have eight of them now
we're down to two but anyway yeah I used
to mix my board action there huh and so
I thought the borax along all right I
thought it was sugar on the side of the
bowl inside Vista side of the bowl
poor ass what Dobel tonight eating borax
TM them little peanut butter not good
and chocolate
there's no chocolate ever it's just the
wrapper smoothing paper even better
probably better for you them you them I
Love You Man
th - how do you say so skinny I just
need to candy wrapper ODB candies it
says on there's at right now watch this
so satisfying
yeah they're with the chopped off that's
right yeah yeah you dad I'm here clean
green gonna do like brown vase it is
make brown okay it's going to make
brownish greenish pinkish lavash you
watch I'll watch it I'm watching the
clock
oh yeah oh yeah oh look a big candy cane
just pay for it oh not going anywhere
girl what you need to stop well oh well
well what's up roll over roll over blue
boys I'll make me think you're not yeah
okay hey you're this
you're this roller down you will do it
do it on the carpet roll or yoga got it
yeah
just people do it down down come over
here down get on the rug so you'll do it
go nuts down look good job over Allen
chocolate okay you're gonna have to heal
of this bacteria alright boy see you
accord yeah well you're going to turn
into a unicorn this is like real
highness
like what hail bla bla guys gonna hide
my snick snack pretty I mean okay I love
this but we're going to close this vlog
I'm tired
one last thing what hey
good dream about slime today ready
I have cleric wait wait wait people just
do voters did opponent this time that's
what I was gonna show you look Eiko
never comes up full hey buddy I got this
I got this
hey it is that Deborah dad hears on the
phone run out here tail it's right over
Bart I brought all the night eyebrows my
mind my body peg so America right now
still have a couple of also now our
Dogon hey out because this tail good
night
this is ongoing today hey hey up that
this is what it'll really really
something Eddie hey hi so read okay I
think this uncle is he now you watched
off hey I'll get your handle you
I'm going to bed I'm saying yeah I love
you guys
I thought well I gave my simple hey now
you're rough day yeah yeah Iman is
working through it alright can I
can I climb good night
