okay general all right welcome to the
vlog it's Friday night
new high score I mean one minute why did
you decide it's called hyper Tom does
not want people watching when it goes
missing I mean when you're amazing
so we want to target our last miss maybe
you can help then we watched us make
really great and then put those on top
and I was like would it be fun to make
like unicorn and rice krispie treats so
I got like rainbow marshmallows playing
marshmallows circle animal cookies
fruity pebbles lucky charm rice krispies
and simple and I had to get a pan to put
some on pins a bit so I think that and I
got this to get grease the pan with
butter so I think I'm going to make this
yeah I think that would be a really fun
little creative treat that I'm going to
make and there's Jojo I'm not sure
where's the real Jojo and my a nice
quiet Jojo over there on the wall I mean
just on the jobox s more subtle Jo bot
what's the Joe by Jove exone who is hit
me so mom bought the game and you
probably should play because we lost a
dog with it Jojo doesn't have a jack so
I'm going to teach you how to play jacks
I mean apparently I've never taught her
that
so here we go
Oh jackaroo oh my don't let the ball
roll away okay okay I like that clean it
is our direction
yeah there's poop on the rug dog poop
bull poop the grosser boobs look like
unicorn poop here is how to play how to
play you can read it how to play divide
oh no Henry holding it bounce the ball
and pick up the jack
yeah then to Jackson sorry and then work
your way up yeah okay I am I will show
you
okay so your bounce the ball okay pick
up a jack nope you're out
I can only bounce you can leave out that
one yeah you're like drop get cracked
quick what do you mean like watch I'll
bounce it and you do it you give me the
you gotta like this oh okay
I mean I don't know if you guys saw that
but I actually did it and I was holding
the camera negative that one theis our
hands behind that for oh good boy with
the time Rosen okay yeah
I put it all right here I'm a
photographer a lot of it okay I think
we're seeing that Jojo we probably can't
do there's somebody's gets me vulnerable
okay ah it's so magic here beyond that
I'm okay I'm sorry you're still that
wait wait wait yeah yeah one now you
have to pick up - oh dear oh gosh
oh it's science I just you can deter
there it's fine I feel like it just not
yet okay well it only came with one ball
so and I didn't get my turn yet and you
lost them I mean literally we - oh look
at all that jo Bob Merton dead oh oh oh
on the other side okay he's got him okay
I have a question for you
we should all look like like a barricade
beautifully it's so not good at it it's
racially acted that's all good baby is
all good I mean real world playing jacks
on a friend in the real world I started
it was one I did all these out you
supposed to pick them up in your hand
and drop them there you go now that's
how you play okay tie your shoe and why
do you want to do one well ideally but
it's kind of more fun for people talk to
you
how much me anything feel like
everything like my site and paper from
what you could just okay back there you
go oh yeah take your time okay okay
there we go
okay now you're good okay we start
really start because now you like no I
love these two okay so that's all pick
them up I finally learned how my Jack
you up okay I wouldn't drop them like
that hard because they're gonna spread
out okay there you go
okay abaca okay I'll go wheel get it
alright
one my turn you don't have me on the I
was learning how to play no I'm playing
for a while
whoa yeah you got like 50 senators fine
you can you sit here no well then you're
out Wow I just put it back oh okay oh
boy oh boy oh my look at it look at the
work we'll see if I can just pick them
off another time
I mean Georgia
daddy yes when your mom's better than
you
okay that was actually like we on go all
right we're playing for real every other
though let's actually play around did
you go play okay okay every other we're
going to do I know you just do you think
it was fine we're going every other Jojo
it's all good but no I don't want to do
you know I'm you know I want you guys
money but I want to go every illness
that's too far
all right got your closer together
George text video how about uh turn
alright
night I got one one
I get you are my lucky night okay - Jess
Jess s-sorry
hey I get cheese especially gonna my dad
not like my right just answer postmates
it went all the way over there I'll be
right back oh wow do you want to stop
playing now that we know that I have
this no hand only one more now okay my
dog's freaking out now because you read
that ring okay hey a bit more macho
somewhere
of course Oh keep talking Moreno going
ever again
he tried back not one when I got the
ball
so was I mean you didn't do it that's
way that one cuz we should get it you
put that on that one what and yet we are
going boys that's the best point if they
can't do the justice oh yeah
all right over there in the corner
I can't even I love it yes for the back
for the back
wow so disappointed Isis game how did
you
thank you
I am three I got you though yeah that's
all you're supposed to get yeah
kelex inaudible all right you do this
once any other time in your turn like
why are you doing that because like that
we have I got it
don't go okay now you can go
I took the ball ways we do the disco sir
no no we're back why you got a ball with
your hand no I did it yes you did
you caught all the junk 19 in the ball -
yes you did do stretch it here I didn't
realize I did was just instinct I didn't
realize I did hmm
I got shattered you know how you got one
two three four five six ten twenty forty
one go yeah I have told me that these
are like the big oh uh yeah now you use
your belly
so you want to be I should be able to
put your hand and because I didn't know
the world in the beginning I booked a
good man to try to grab over the line oh
ha ha ha how can you not get it back in
your hand
solutely more you hit it on everybody
part where you would say gently pick up
one no no as many as you want
ok I got popcorn I've done it I've
engine under optimal oh no you didn't
get it I know I didn't
well you barely got that back you take
it I'm getting better I just never
claiming ok I want to tell you what
you're doing now what talents you're
looking at the jack you know look at the
ball
true yeah don't look at the ball so are
done look at the Jackson watch look at
the jack that you want to grab ok look
at those throw the ball now just look at
the ball
ok ok yeah
oh we're we started well I'm trying to
teach you try to be the nice mom assist
you yes look at the Jackson yet jelly 50
okay see that every time holsters back
out of you
oh you got the ball that was a really
good one hey Mike Adam I know judge I
only have 80 I wanted block of my Pasha
how to do it well yeah you should taught
me how to play in the beginning I did I
said that's the ball and catch the back
let's go let's wear them out now like
that well increase far ones in but
otherwise like that
mmm-hmm no you're like a maniac
okay now I said no here you know my my
name Lana to choosing the cheers catch
of it oh wow we get in one two three
four five six seven
and using over oh yeah she's gone to the
middle your list but about in the middle
a little bit here I mean I have to find
X my involved too I think I'm pretty
good at this you know yeah
I love it ha because I might be nothing
a bet okay
then car even 16 minutes of us just
playing games so my game is called spot
this is beginner so each pick a game
that we need money
what no exam is done so I said okay hey
don't you have a playground yeah but
like
you know I like to play Oh deck champion
on Lois better than robot your heart are
you sure you can pretty bad at aiming
then try em like beat beat baby speak
okay so my game is called spot it my
name is called the grand prize game and
you're trying to make it in the bucket
you'll just lose it then okay you're
ready to listen so how do you play I'm a
class now you'll be frying consider
cargo bay
you got him so you shove into one car a
lot of why and the rest in the middle so
now this is just a contender on so I
wise already pretend with you because we
got prompted after legit so now you're
going to look if any of these match you
call out what it is and then you say so
I have a little chocolate no gun and
then that carbons on top you have to
find from that car okay okay I'm gonna
keep you look at it okay let's play this
game you see that one okay I'll cue you
okay
what it collieries and grow on football
my admit non-album lover
what did she hold o deeply did you also
come with me now she used to say like I
think she'd snack okay so okay okay okay
okay
sunshine like I so okay okay the
different plant and there's other ways
to so look at your card studying or net
how you fight class
what also I only get the one cargo and
then this was on top this video card
whatever card you picked
what I would like to use was on top of
it acts neck simple toys then this car
goes on top yes
so should get ready okay
hi
Jenny geez
being this clean so I can pick it out
for crying out loud
bags are good joke about it I hope
alcohol and you can't look at it and
anyway let's trace your small opening
stop I'm gonna quick well this way I
gave you another play not mine
tres Jason do you have someone here's
something pencil your title I don't
share that's all that is my pencil
bottle Jesus
so this it gets fun
but you get a clock splatter paint okay
and follow
are
of service dog and it's this walk
Michael
keep my book go because Darwin
going dolphin you can't stealing them
for me when I said your hand it's always
very hand on it and okay my I forgot
what happened
poison blend blend blend well
clamp
key
party
okay hold me okay so meaning judgment
and hit it got it quick summarizing all
those good nights together is oh they're
okay who competitive okay let's see who
won you actually better than I thought
you were there's no more way to play
this game and I'll show you that okay
you'll actually like the new way neither
really or the next thing I'm not ready
you got my card but we come at our David
one two three go and haul up the pace
guys then orange 12 13 15 16 17 18 18 20
22 23 24 1/2 of shoe we make sure that
they're all going like this I waited for
you and 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26
you
