okay general I've already had almost a
full day and it's like okay I got my
tooth worked on and it's good she said
I'm good to travel and everything's good
and now I am at the Paramount lot and
I'm going to go find Joe Joe in Diana
because Joe Joe is working today but
first I'm going to show you some things
that I like at the Paramount walk
resolve that is called the blue sky and
they use that and then there is the
water tower terminal water tower three
iconic with a blue sky they use that in
movie it's pretty cool
I'll show you when I get up there okay
so this is the part that's pretty cool
the bottom of it they can fill with
water kind of used it because there's a
lot of cars in here today but I can fill
it with water and make it like a pool
and then the background of those guys
and there's a water tower
and you can see like back in where sound
ages and so here's a better view of the
pool like area so you can see like how
it's pool and then background and the
kind of quota teller with their logo
we're going to Taco Bell we wrapped we
finish to a good we're done we're clear
my pimples still here but it's fine
that rhymed we're gonna clear my temple
still here my face isn't clear anyways
ah I guess I'll just feel shit good
anyways we're gonna go get a pedicure
good my nails filled you jo-jo a
pedicure and when I was targeted we got
you at naked chicken chips from tech
bill so we're gonna try I'm going to try
them are you a fan 25:28 thank you wait
you are going to try them chicken chips
trying the chicken
Maddog Rebelde was meeting where they
may be like baby densities fine boys it
likes to drink her nacho cheese oh god
what's so gross so good all right this
is a little chicken thing
shit that's weird
oh my god chicken fry but it's like a
triangle yeah
oh I can no not good not so much Taco
Bell we like your chips better yeah we
like the gym all right what somebody
else might like them oh if you like
chicken fries you might like them no no
hit again talk about I like your chicken
G drastic with the chips for Jojo
but gee I can't take you to really level
another level
I mean laying on the floor move your TV
to the whole of no word Bobo do you have
any words half word the episodes
actually really good though in case you
were wondering I just met Jose husband
which is Jeremy what did you eat the
whole time and I was so right I called
it a little and sister I liked how you
moved your TV to the floor
I mean clearly we have no rolls or house
okay guys so I guess it's my job to
close this vlog out tonight because Jojo
is asleep and we didn't close that
together so I'm gonna close it out and
I'm going to tell you guys that I'm not
going to do a song I'm going to do a
quote and the quote is don't forget
where you came from
don't forget the people that were there
for you in the beginning and that
believe in you and gave you a chance so
that's my little life lesson for tonight
don't forget to people that were there
for you in the beginning so what that
means then good night and Jojo has a
huge announcement tomorrow I can't wait
for you guys to hear it the announcement
and it's going to be amazing I love you
guys
