good morning and welcome to today's vlog
um we started out this day with a really
good thing that I can't talk to you
about but it's okay and now we are
taking my Madre to the dentist to get a
root canal I mean and I must say I am so
excited to get this root canal I cannot
even tell you guys okay I'm hoping that
they put it under there so when she
wakes up she's a little loopy I hope I
mean I'm hoping they don't have to I'm
hoping that I go and they're like oh
you're fine yeah that's that in the real
world sake would be great like I really
do hope that would happen for your sake
but in the others sake if something else
happens you know it's not the end of the
world you know you're not the first
person who's ever had a root canal no
I'm gonna I'm gonna be a big girl
how's Jo to say put your big girl pants
on okay go put your big girl pants on
take the diaper off and let's go put
your big girl pants on blowing it put my
big girl pants on but if I need to help
you let me know I will come and I will
put your big girl pants on I will take
your diaper off for you and we will be
done so loving it specifically I go put
your big girl pants on and let's go
where we just had a fitting for a lot of
fun things that are coming up and it's
gonna be amazing
and it over a lot of Stan but she said
it's funny yeah we'll see great what
we're doing is a secret but the finish
I can tell them one thing I got there
for a nomination at home no no no you
personal space bubble hey bubble I would
say right now we have so many secrets is
nothing it's crazy over you it is so
tricky it's hard but we are in aa and
also I'm going to really go back and I
ordered some dota merchandise online so
I get way to get that I mean when you're
online you order your own merchandise
and it gets delivered to your house the
only way to get it like amazing so I'm
excited to get that you actually yes I'm
very excited run and I ordered 50 of
everything we boil out of 5 I learned
it's like a pen stickers 50/50 our dream
a was what are five of everything
Jojo just ordered sippy kind of tried so
first we're going to take a look at your
mouth perception
okay
I feel like your Tuesday
are your cheeks big it feel great do you
feel like is it getting fixed how much
longer do you think she has before she's
good to go ahead that's not that bad are
you happy yeah I'll tell him it was not
as good that's good you sound pretty fun
right now
all right what are you looking at of me
you open your mouth
no why not come on you're oh they're
going to be the losers they're gonna
Laser laser my clothes are out that the
world isn't watching fun - yeah take a
while I totaled orders has a cold sweat
shirt yeah so annoying because
everything I try to talk it just crushed
over and I try to tell you not together
can you and Raquel please I feel that
you're like right there excuse me I'm
sorry I will let you get back to it and
shut the dentist what time was you
appointment 3:30 get three hours later
6o t is the time it is right now
actually it's like 650 but we'll just go
633 our residence for like 3 hours in 10
minutes I basically sat there the woman
I did get my teeth cleaned Oh which is
good just a doctor five uses five
minutes yesterday's vlog uploaded
yesterday's vlog iam filmgoers is true
I'm sitting in my bathroom because he
gave me goodnight tired
um hey Rizzo we're about to go to sleep
and then we are going to shut the light
off and I go to bed umm anyways song
hole of the day is Sweet Caroline
well Sweet Caroline and song blow all
right lovey I thought oh and he
yesterday's vlog yeah yesterday's long
we actually practice I'm good well going
below for that too
let's do so what's the British for some
let's go why don't you do something but
you first do something
alright this rule Oh Olivia so much
empty
