hey general good morning we are all
packed up and ready to go la notte
morning though it's actually too big to
you guys Elizabeth over started once it
feels--oh as it's 11 o'clock in the
morning
perfectly Hardison California that would
still be mu almost 1 yeah you know I
deal with anyways we're all packed up
we're going to head down we're going to
go to the airport we're gonna go get
some outback something interesting will
happen today something interesting
happens every day isn't that right mom
yeah
try stroll my pretty be that we have
alright play this so we were staying and
look at that
I like that everyone okay I'm
Mississippi but we're at the very top
floor like literally when I got to put
the camera strap on just in case like
we'll get how far down that is I was
very far down and look at awesome the
pool is here it's tennis courts off
course it was insane
we said that Hotel over there one time
but ya know other than that
the pool was awesome we didn't get to go
to the pool unfortunately but we got to
look at the pool which is fine but I'm
going to be back in window and like two
weeks
when I'm in Orlando I would be 14 but
we're going to go to Universal again I'm
gonna have my Harry Potter one to
Ruben's friend
we're not what let's get all my friends
wait I'm not going to tell you what
we're getting customer lower by watching
us up here boy I had it edit a bit then
not have to vlog a bit and these two are
sitting down there
we thought we met that idea where
they're playing on my footage are you
guys enjoying your time they're gonna
having a party and Jimmy's here Jess
we're here Dave's over there you know we
got the whole party in and it's just
doing in right now but a fish eyes
languishing Ted
what does our plate and our second right
give me something out for ya
have fun
thirteen
already huge
attendants prepare for takeoff please
I'm beggin
I'm going to launch voluntary
autonomously
I think I watched I watched all the
trailers good
no it's competition we're going to watch
most separately now listen I'm going to
watch them separately I'm going to quiz
each other I'm going to ask that be your
bond in a movie
in out of family
I'm trying to get those back all right
you
Oh
here we go great so most
because 816 boys Rusty's actually on
this particular flight
how many guys might not know what it's
like to fly first so really only
difference just keeps bigger
the tray table is actually it doesn't
come out from like the other interview
it's in society you pretty cool
oh yes when you get your drink you get
fancy blast
yeah
get a fancy dirty
yeah tell the guys and also you get a
meal for the meal I've been eating the
green bean so there's not that many of
those key right to that I ate
and there yes
but if you stay in the post row you have
to put your bag
I didn't ask
yes like we had a few moments
so you loafers Mustangs in the combo
finally we landed and look at that
update California in our car Oh an
extender car and it looks really good on
but we're headed home and we ordered
some cool things on dresses calm and
that I believe is there um what else
anything else
oh I'm getting this weird matter wonder
they bring her back by tomorrow okay and
then also tomorrow I'm doing really cool
baggage that we ordered online so that's
really exciting
anyways flight was great yeah a lot of
cool things
wait okay so I live a little bit I'm not
gonna lie well as well bumpy yeah we
flew by a thunderstorm and I took a
video of the lightning but I could post
something really now mind you also as we
were flying I watched episode visionary
where it was almost a plane crash not
the plane crash episode but the most
recent episode where Meredith and varied
amounts playing sorry spoilers they
weren't playing and then almost crashed
literally as we're going through
turbulence it was a service it was a
presence
Saro didn't even the people yeah I know
I don't know why didn't but I knew I was
until all those niolani place
but 30 of your secret classes of those
classes like all the rest ice cream tea
especially none yes but I'm just going
to throw this out there don't look like
a really good now we'll take out if I
was kind of like will take you on a
first-class trip we would go from LAX to
JFK over the s10 could you get on the
Delta lounge it's a lay down seated
unreal
alright I'm gonna go home what is in
Vegas Boulevard open up our mail okay
