today we are actually meeting up with
that winner by ask me edible ok present
we're on that right now but but but what
do you got there no I'm sure there's so
much earwax in here it's not a problem
ok that's probably gonna be a problem Oh
give a look at this I am about to get
fitted for some new in use and if you
don't know any errs are basically those
things that go in your ears as you're
performing basically and I'm gonna get
fitted because mine are too small
because how old are they they've gotta
be older than that early 8 yeah Wow oh I
gotta get new one and a little weird how
this happens oh let's watch oh you know
I just live in alive over here oh my god
that just came out of this ear I
literally can't even that is years
that's weird okay that's cool I can hear
so much better ain't a thing as a dad
we're gonna juice is a very girly idea
they are I guess but yeah we're pulling
up to City Walk right now and I am so
excited okay so you guys might know this
well I mean if you're a supervisor you
know that's - a while ago I did a
giveaway for 24 days of giveaway on this
channel for Christmas and basically I
gave away something every single day and
the final giveaway that I did I wanted
to have someone come out in California
and spend the day with me right and so
today we're actually meeting up with
that winner which I am so excited for -
going to city wok we're gonna go to I
fly and get ice cream and go to candy
store I know it's gonna survive but
she's show so cute name is Natalie she
is honestly like adorable she has every
single piece of dirt roads like as I mom
I was like she has every piece of George
that there is that I know of like
literally every single piece and I was
like I'm sorry guys here's your's
nothing but we're gonna do a quick
little Cameron change here in three two
what geez I might've lied there's not a
camera change right now and that is
because Karen I'd say he's gonna
to film this for me but Nate he's late
not showing up on time no no he's not a
ratchet vote five minutes and I was like
if I see the howdy in her first you guys
and stuff then I think you have a change
your mind not baking for change but
always gotta get going with the blog
okay let's do it
really really yeah she hasn't seen me
she definitely doesn't see I'm gonna see
how long it takes her to see really how
are you guys out of my blog hey I like
your bomber jacket oh my gosh it's so
cute and you got your bow and your bag I
mean you got it all hi are you her mom
hi what's your name
Liz nice to meet you Liz this is my mom
Jess exciting Natalie yeah
a little longer than a few minutes later
quite lucky and in you you don't have
one thing in here what would be really
stressful I think we can do that too you
get whatever you want here on me for fun
because why not who does love candy
so my kidney can't he started to get the
joke in the gym like getting is okay
yeah but you can get five things IV but
I didn't get five things that you have
to drive zeal all right let's do it
do you want me to go crazy and get like
weird things are you all like normal
things whatever I want
you shoulda told me that too i Natalie
one here we're settled you ready bus
they do a challenge I've never done a
challenge like this before
always talk to her first right so my
first thing that I got for you is some
funny things whoa that looks amazing
my candy cheeseburger ah it's fine it's
fine fine I didn't do it I hate those
all right you know the song kidney candy
store you know the play that's like I
don't need no money just a little bit of
honey but I got you a bit of honey but
it run off Oh what is down blues - I
went outside of the candy wage and I got
you a soda from Asia it's not a cricket
at least then a scorpion scorpion look
at her she's hiding no she knows catch
you some uniform - a small ball power
with a cheats I'm in by what Ron you can
bet I'll bet they're gonna be joy
is it you can try one I'm really good
but if you hold in your mouth for 60
seconds you're a full Toxie head 45
chocks you wanna be 30 crybaby 15 total
on your marks get set
if that everybody
Wow
that was all yours yelling you can do it
boy all right look all you want
you wouldn't think you would have it
honey nice mom you have it honey smart
ball
I hear you gonna read smart ball kind of
like a better version Oh skills
god I swallowed it ah very good
don't try one
was pretty sour I'm doing the cricket
scorpion whatever it is I mean like ask
me edible if they put it in a sucker so
I don't know why it would be like that
bad like this sucker is actually like
there's like cough syrup yeah I'm gonna
try what would you give me if I eat the
scorpion I didn't do it it's just as go
bein head a little better than not so
much sucker on it body times sounds
crunchy
don't burn see brown gummy bear so good
all right you got the candy burger left
we have the throat yeah yeah I have a
soda - yeah I mean in and out coming for
your brand oh it's like hair gel that is
amazing so you're gonna take this right
and you're gonna put it on top here and
you're gonna push down in the middle of
this as hard as you can like that
got it gonna business it
Mandana and you can take that little
thing out what is that what does it
taste like not like he's gonna take
another dress bad
yeah all right when I complete that
challenge good job she didn't get the
memo we told her to tell ya about that
she should watch someone but she told
you five minutes later
I really hope you don't have any of this
here you go I got two two big old Jojo
bags filled with goodies and they be
inside that yes make you feel like
you're going to the ham then one of the
other I think that's in here you don't
have that you don't have that nailing it
you don't yeah yeah okay she does have
that still nailing it give that one
Nelly just give that yeah okay babe
honey not not that one an alien's of art
that one when you are just nailing the
game I'm so proud to give that seven
four seven right now likes em very very
that's Brandon no one has yet wait wait
just squishy in there
it's a surprise swishy if you wanted
that's only available in London you have
that one billing it wait till I I'm
three for three right now nice four for
four
that is a Bobo that goes like this it
goes like little pen and some tattoos
you know how that jerk and Jojo
shoelaces those are only available in
the field Oh eat as of now so is the
only voice in America besides me that
has those a little watch do you got that
I gave you two things that you have that
you got to give me some of that that's
putting anyway is there anything else in
there is there any uh no no okay now how
do we get all this back in it's time to
say goodbye thank you for coming up here
so nice to get to meet you the iCarly oh
there's our Nana I don't know if you've
seen the video yeah because I don't know
what time we put it up because I can't
predict the future love above a but you
do it on this if you did watch yesterday
day before yesterday day before one of
those two vlogs I feel the video is
about randa's eggs it also known cooling
Mellinger I'm about to edit this video
and I think it's gonna be really funny
we did them what's in the box challenge
and it's honestly like it's my favorite
video that was ever done the other so
I'm still gonna get to edit it the
videos that we do together I just like
so fun to edit like videos are naturally
fun to edit but these are just like a
whole another level because the bloopers
are just the best thing ever do I was
late am oh my gosh I literally okay as I
edit it a little bit more than just the
bloopers I think but literally I just
spent an hour anything out our boo-boos
like just edit got like the stuff that
wasn't usable it was just so funny it is
this love bloopers I thought you know I
would show you a few bloopers because
they I just all area sliders gonna love
my bags
No okay so that was just like in the
fridge that I think there's three
different clubs that we did it was just
so funny like I can't even type just so
many boogers I'm gonna say that because
I've gotten to an official blooper reel
but oh my gosh I don't even know how to
explain like its vibe are like by like
by a landslide like literally way inside
my favorite video that we've ever done
like 100,000% you're naughty right so
you have to see the video yeah I will
probably let you down the description of
if I forgot to let you down the
description I was just curse nadja
Jersey and we're insane exactly so to
see Ryan it would be right on my main
channel her video for you is coming out
tomorrow I believe we don't have the
same posting date so mine's coming up
this Saturday and hers is coming out
this Sunday house no I mean Amish might
change it on me and her video do that we
did over on her channel was hilarious so
now uh what my plan is
oh I just kind of water I'm ready to go
chill down at my place on for tonight on
my watch lived ready daddy but I'm done
editing for the night because you know I
did good I got pretty much everything
that I wanted to get done tonight you
know I knew I wasn't gonna finish the
video I actually didn't plan on even
getting this far in the video I only
planned on doing what I did to this part
on on one clip and I actually ended up
doing it to both clips so huh I'm a
happy girl also do I don't think I told
you this at all oh doesn't thanks
to me today what Jay doesn't did this
video is so funny you say we went to
Target to my his new dog stuff and he
found Jojo but right now I of course
have watched Shane I mean he's like
legend of YouTube so I watched Shane be
my brother literally when I lived in the
apartment would sit down in my room and
watch his considers conspiracy videos
for like three hours straight just like
watching and being annoying like
literally so many of his videos I've
watched and so he said my name in
another video and not like first time I
was like he knows who I am like I
literally like lost it and then in this
one I was like okay it's like I didn't
like we talked I was like okay not
really such a fangirl anymore like of
course I still love him and look up to
him and I think he's amazing but like
wow like my brain is just like wow okay
just like d I'm Devon Turner and I was
like oh my god your video and then he
responded ok so then that doesn't matter
given he was like oh my god no we have
to do this I was like oh my god yes we
totally do it I sound like a failure
right now I'm actually not being a
fangirl is just kind of like here's what
it is yes I love him
YouTube is a large place with a lot of
different creators and I just think that
like when you have those people like
kollene joey graceffa shane dawson that
reach out to you and want to do
something with you like it just feels
really really cool to me like for in
like the acting world it'd be like
getting any be on Grey's Anatomy these
people they're so cool and so legendary
and people that I've looked up to
literally my whole life and now you know
caline's one of my best best friends um
Joey I did a video with him he was one
of the sweetest people ever and now
Shane like it's just it's so cool to
just be like wow this is my life like
the people who I you know wanted to be
like I know I have like three legend you
do like oh I mean I'm Way more YouTube
friends but like ogee like it's just I
don't know it's amazing I'm 14 years old
and I've literally already met some of
my idols and I'm meeting like my
favorite person ever on March 17th and I
literally can't wait and they get
strides are going on right now and
losing that already in my movie blood
just for me and I have a whole
collection Loni with JCPenney
literally so many things are going on in
my life right now and I'm just so
thankful like just when I thought about
it like okay so usually let me explain
something when I vlog I kind of plan
don't I don't script what I'm gonna say
by any means and I don't plan what I'm
going to say but I plan about what I'm
gonna talk about it's like right now
when I turned my camera on I was
planning on just talking about this
video and it kind of morphed into me
talking about being thankful for my
opportunities that have been blessed red
also too is just like to think about
what my life is is crazy I got to
perform at the Kids Choice Awards I've
nominated for a Kids Choice Award I did
a movie this year I have my old teeth
well I've been on a lot even shows like
I know TV shows I have a dog with 1
million Instagram followers I have a
Kids Choice Award but then I think like
when it all comes down to it like yeah
that's great and success is amazing and
all and you want to have success in
whatever you do but when it comes down
to it you really want to have those
tight group of family and friends and
that's where I am so lucky like
throughout my journey I have met a lot
of people like I can't even tell you
I've met
lot of people and some you know have
stuck like glue and haven't gone
anywhere in my hair makeup artist Diana
I've known her for five years like
literally since my first TV show I have
these amazing friends and family around
me and that's really just what matters
you know of course I have my short
little family of four who's with me 24/7
but then like even outside of that like
all my best best friend like I am just
you know whether they're three years old
which most of them are or thirty years
old which most of them are like it just
makes me so happy to think that at the
end of the day if I were to lose
everything if I were to not be Georgia
with the bow anymore if I were not to be
youtuber Jojo vlogger Jo Jo Jo Jo with
the dog Bobo Jo Jo with all the consumer
products that I have my friends and
feeling around me so that's probably
like I start I'm I feel like I want to
start doing like advice of the day or
like less another day I don't know is
that cheesy that might be cheesy it's
just really important to like know who
your people are and really be able to
trust your people and love your people
because that's really something that
something yes okay we're done with the
stock so tomorrow I'm thinking what I'm
going to do is I think I'm going to wake
up finish this video with clean and then
I am going to upload this get it good
then I want to take my brother to City
Walk and do I fly take a break and then
go back to I fly out the night I like
double I apply in double days look like
do i applies today that you have lunch
tomorrow over guys let me so having okay
but I gotta convince my brother on that
okay I'm speaking of brother he is ready
for me to go play ps4 with them over
like online so I'm gonna play wheels
over there and I will catch up with you
and three two one oh boy you're enjoying
the game that's a yes the real question
though is if I am enjoying the game and
I'm currently I'm praying before you
right now high very but I'm playing with
Bri right now and um I'm actually I'm
doing good
I said live a way longer dude you only
live longer because you weren't away
from people not true that is not true
and I have a teacup your hewers Leia
if I go somewhere and I see 50 people
going though I like a normal person
wouldn't go there alright in friends
eyes are gonna go down a gravel bar
today because I am tired
alrighty but that is a real out of date
I love you guys so much and I will see
ya
