hey general good morning starting up
this day with already and about ready to
go but we are not coming home again
before playlist so I'm all packed a
giant suitcase for two days kids ok
though um also - I have to tell you guys
something I didn't pack my backpack yet
but I laid it all out so you guys can
see what attack and also I had to pick
out shoes and ads we got what I get to
take struggles of being me because my
dog she threw up in the blanket that I
usually take so I'm going to take but
anyway the main part of this is supposed
to be like what's in my backpack so what
I'm putting in my backpack so I'm just
going to show you what's my backpack
then I'm just going to put it all in my
backpack because that's how I'm going to
do it okay so legs already on oh well hi
first thing in my backpack is my laptop
can't go wrong with it I got I mean I
got my Grandaddy skin but got all my
stingy's on it I got a lot of stickers
on the back yeah that cap next thing are
my headphones can't I go anywhere
without these these are Bluetooth ones
because they um with the new phone you
don't have like the plug thing so yeah
then I got stuff for my camera so I got
this strings for the camera I got two
extra batteries and two extra chargers
for the camera these are just can go in
my backpack and then I got my camera
then I got my sunglasses that I'll
probably actually undergoing like two
minutes I got my wallet when you fly on
there Oh No all right next up I got an
extra cord this is not my cord that I
use was just extra it's a normal-sized
iPhone cord in case someone's I gave you
have a charger and then I have one this
is my 10 foot long cord that I actually
use and thank you Matt place for getting
that for me
anyways my laptop charger my Nintendo
switches in here with my Nintendo switch
charger my deck of cards that are really
fancy like look at these these are like
really fancy cars like there was very
fancy we always would be like play
there's always five times at all I do
rarely play with these um might ask for
from a stable tell this doesn't need to
be in here but I have it in here because
I don't want to like forget about it so
you know let's see which ones are all
down there there's for honor that I've
done Oh true on there's three on there
three film star just three goes I did
get witchcraft take care and I don't
know it's just on us
oh this one majestic so I don't know
anyways I got a mind again and you twin
I got this little thing I don't know why
I have this I just do so I know I have
it
okay I'll cut all of these things to it
that's a smart idea
this isn't why I have it but it is now
so I have this thingy to cook all of
these things on to really it anyways now
I got a lot of candy so I got sweet
charred sovereign straws gum it's a
string Tom skittles can't go wrong then
I got all my fidget stuff so I got
fidget bitter number one which is like
awesome because it's silent they just
spend a number two which is awesome
because it's loud but it's like I don't
know if you can hear it but um it's loud
and it makes noise but it goes for like
three minutes and then I got my light-up
fidget spinner it looks cooler when it's
dark but then I got a chit cube so it
has like a little button joystick on top
a switch right there a like these lock
things and a ball thingy and like all
these buttons that are really annoying
because three of them click and two of
them don't click so it's really
frustrating and then this little circle
spinner thing that's all it's in my
backpack let's go check in and see our
decimal time that I got to throw all
this stuff in my backpack
madre how's it going in here
oh good long world
good morning i got my shoes on and i'm
ready to go here we go yeah let's go pee
- usually do this but I know I said it's
an end of yesterday's vlog but in case
you didn't watch till the end I playlist
make sure you kind of musically booth
because I'm going to be there all day
every day and when I'm there all day
every day on Saturday and Sunday I'm
going to be doing there's going to be
obviously really cool special guests but
also I brought some things to do a
giveaway with so you're not going to
miss a giveaway because it's going to be
awesome every single day so make sure
you're there and yeah so if you're not a
playlist so don't worry about it but if
you are at playlist makes you come to
see me at musically stage because I'm
going to be there and I'm gonna want to
hang out and I'm going to want to talk
to you guys so don't leave me hanging
now I'm just trying to find socks and
finding socks in this house for me at
least is a struggle issue match I have a
lot of tall socks that match but not a
lot of little ones and I need this one
anyway see you in car go on to my
rehearsal
today what do you think it is going to
feel like a 50-minute is it really yeah
this is please can be put there not a
bad day jelly and I only agreed what do
we got we got parcel then you might go
to check fillet with all the dancers
issues definitely and then we're going
to go to airport and then we're going to
go to when you're going to love it
did you really never been to Orlando
leave yeah I'm excited for you
I was just in Miami Orlando Airport no I
wasn't on land Oh remember we need your
fame no no we did the dance audition
there yeah yeah miles you know I'm
excited to go to Orlando um it should be
fun without no left onto Colorado Street
freeway extension
I don't know really when I'm going to
end the vlog because it's weird
alright end it when we're about to get
on the airplane and then tomorrow's vlog
for you guys will be us on the airplane
thank you thank maybe yeah it's kind of
a good night point yeah weird but I know
I'm gonna be awake during some of the
flight you know
so I was planning on editing this when I
get to the airport and I'm just adding
on the last clip how do you have my plan
all right planner we're talking about
the vlog that you're seeing right now
how we reading this kind of confusion I
am the chief editing operator
I read the community decided on you
haven't done one thing for Edmonton
towards Sacramento one thing it's not
about it then wanted to make sure you're
navigating you're right you I am
navigating you 100% correctly you are
going to read and you're going to keep
write for a hike north okay all right
let's do it
keep right Brad Boyd Boyd all right pack
in the car same shot that you saw and
then send up at 7 hours 11 minutes ago
long day's event good be a really good
idea me in the car chillin Jonah can
chillin you know a good playlist now
good day now where I'd end up there's no
favorite part of the day having to
playlist and we're so excited I can't
even tell you we're gonna go get some
chick-fil-a kids are hungry still a
little sneaky like we're not gonna have
dinner at the airport and we're not
gonna have dinner on the flight so we
got to have a little something um Eddie
really liked our lunch got some Jimmy
John's
you know watered-down valor agents list
anyways gotta get some gas
I'm not screwin shit where's playlist
I cannot only wait so excited
then each other phases right visors I
got like it's kind of awkward veggies
literally ride to look at ping Zhi Ragan
but not to un tink amazing oh she's this
young horse I totally threw out the back
windows okay you wave can't wait to see
with you yeah really
yeah sure Brad knows where I am I mean
gonna chase boba it came into the
present a store yeah but I'm gonna do
the replay no Jojo
this
you know Jeff you just
a question did you notice as well you
notice hurt no yeah it is yeah I mind
Hindi notice got through the airport I
mean you don't put your mom in the
camera no because I made the average
vlog you didn't enjoy my camera I
brought my camera
all the footage today's on the camera
she has a clown camera she went she over
here in 280 care
it's called a clown camera anyways we're
Chilean therefore cheering and we're
about to go get a massage right there
because my seat emmenecker so hard to be
Tudor is idea called and it's harder to
be done it's again a lobotomy through
Orlando we're going to go to Orlando
absolutely my head well we just finished
up a baby does Lauren - I was great I
was terrible terrible she asked the guy
to do should we get janek just the guy
to do all headed our meat and Novak you
Tom edit it also Hemi
I've never voting it acts and I'm we're
going one play of course flightless I
made one out about power so we're gonna
get in a little bit late but I'm going
to wrap it up toilets clogged my mama
for the bathroom right now I show up
eventually I'm going to wrap it up right
now because I'm tired I'm
you know I think it should be sound like
lady avatar let's do stuff above voters
take those off on Thursday
spotted a poker face by lady Agra you so
much
so we're finally taking off is Eric
gairy close it out I apparently didn't
get to the song new song or nad gotta
focus a surprise I don't think it'd be
more like a Fellini back inside yeah
okay motivated is good night long world
yeah let's go
