okay general good morning good morning
to ya in the cardigan is a great day
because we're doing something different
today
meaning rehearsal made our everyday fans
ever
okay so the traffic welcome to
California now the challenge is what we
know they're moving it's a fine um thank
you sir but today is rehearsals and we
get done I really I know we get done
that like then you have some fittings
yeah but they won't even get a she a so
we know then we'll just do that but they
continue they can wonder what you're
doing and yeah but we have four so we're
going to come back and pack your planner
because tomorrow we're a part is after
rehearsals after drawing a good
rehearsal though because it's like
something different than what we've been
doing but it's still the same is just a
little bit different somehow
but other than that please this is
coming up and my outfits are super cute
I cannot wait I'm very excited about
that
they excited for this i'm supersized of
love I don't have really cute outfits
picked out but I mean I'll actually get
that picked out tonight I did pick out
really good outfit for you and I made
them and yeah you did you did my mom
told me the new rule is I'm not allowed
to be on my phone in the car because I
just ignore her well yeah mural put your
phone on and copy on Shannon a snapchat
every time we get in the car so justice
foundation or me I've put you guys I put
you guys in the snapchat anyways so
today it's going to be a good day I
don't know what I'm going to do tonight
cause I don't really do say what do you
make mine tonight I knew you were going
to continent I made it in like three
days mm-hmm
okay so I'm sitting at the dance studio
and Jojo is rehearsing with her dancers
and her choreographer so can't tell you
what for but I am Frank I want to show
you shoot first the plane
conspiracy
so summer and I made this cute little
bow for Jojo it's the lively colors and
I was going to show you guys how I wrote
in a little bit so the easiest way to do
it is I use this right here jewel lit
and you just put your top on you can see
I put some dots on right and then you
take a crayon just like a cheapo waxy
off-brand I think the fun goes actually
from a restaurant probably from a kick
me out and you just get the Rhinestone
on the crayon bring it over put it on
 I'm really bad at filming and I
stunning just fit like this and then you
can go super super fast so and this is a
good trick that my friend Donny taught
me many many years ago and this is the
fastest way dresden so for those of you
so hopefully you guys like Treadstone
this model we are finally home for this
night we actually we got home at like 4
o'clock so thanks Jojo wanted to tell
you guys that we got something really
cool in the mail and not allowed to show
you this haha sex video what she cleaned
up look it I'm going to make more time
oh we ordered for pizzas because we
could decide which flavor so we just we
had to get a little variety and were
starving
well I got we got the piano day and I
liked a little piece of boys chicken and
I got like two little pieces yeah next
time I go I did this one time Oh
yesterday's vlog ease up also now enjoy
doing that haircut station perfect yeah
do you think I can show them what we
ordered on our own
yeah I mean it's tell you my arse oh
look at it now I know there's y'all now
wait the longest serving waits like
three two one all right this is a
surprise if you can't tell my mom's a
little over upset with her Jojo
merchandise we ordered some plates from
look at this we got them five is amazing
we wait wait I need to talk about don't
feel close without closer okay okay so
let's meet look at exam that when we
have people over I thought it would be
really fun to yell for my favors wait
you actually see something really funny
looking
yeah is that funny you hear that water
calm I showered finally nice get it um
what finally no my shower though she's
right Sonia low right now but you guys
are al-bakr playlists boom so this is
outfit number one and it's a lively
shirt let me hit the bow and I'm just
going to show you one to your new
cymbals so my mom decked out all my
outfits Kate wait
okay so it this is the shirt my mom runs
to the ranch on it down there this is a
bow and then these are the shoes and
then it just goes with white jeans that
are down there yet my floor bed goals my
Nintendo switch goals so there's that
which is super cute and I love it so
much and like go get up look at how
sparkly that is right so alpha number
one you know you love it
okay now outfit number two I believe she
has a shirt out here
so alpha number two is the musically
shirt which I don't know what you want
to wear tomorrow doing it tomorrow
who's more home tomorrow on Saturday
whatever to add to it this is a
musically shirt and it's like super
sparkly and it says new squid gonna
she's working on the bow right now I'm
gonna just go to black jeans and silver
sparkly shoes nothing crazy
um crazy but for today for me it's
pretty tame um so comment down below
which one you think I should wear on
Saturday and which one you should think
I should wear Sunday should I wear
musically on Sunday or Saturday and then
I was a lively one on Sunday or Saturday
I don't know if so comment below and
then hostile resistant which ever one
gets you guys want me to wear I'll wear
here I an idea give it a thumbs up if
you want me to weigh the musically shirt
and comment if you want me to wear the
lively shirt no yeah cuz it'll be easy
to tell the boy comes up with more
condom emojis no because then I have to
actually go through it all
so give it thumbs up if you want me to
with a musically shirt on Saturday or
comment if you want me to weigh the
lively shirt on Saturday give it I'm
saying beautiful so there will for
Saturday so musically shirt you want me
to wear this shirt on Saturday
boom comment or give it a thumbs up give
this video a thumbs up or if you want me
to wear this lively shirt on Saturday at
playlist live Orlando give it a thumbs
up because I don't know which one I want
to wear yeah I'm really undecided but
all in it
you think person yes as I can I start
sometime sorry guys I'm gonna like pull
the mom card here where you can fill out
one of your viewers nation it's just do
a G day interval decide oh my quote no
final decision you have a final decision
but anyways um let's just end it here
yes please I'm a little bit I'm so do i
I'm gonna go into his Anatomy just John
quote of the day song of the day um
let's say I just shot which I just
listened music um
housing and all I do is work work work
work right work by Rhian because I'm
guessing you're zero it's not done so
absolute stock on it but what is glued
up are there's going to be pink
hello um alright so song of the day is
work work work work work work as many
apparently beyond person from city
balance that's the perfect brow go row
row your bow little rough otherwise
you tomorrow um see you tomorrow peace
out yo
