okay okay general as you do hello world
breakfast frosting a frosting off of the
finger what is today Tuesday is Tuesday
going to rehearsals I am going to be
rhinestoning and crafting all day so
maybe I'll give you a little bit of that
I was looking across Joe Joe is still
eating the cake the door cake we didn't
do it very good a whole wall crossing on
it yeah but we're gonna have a good day
at rehearsal and I can't wait till
eventually you guys can figure out what
we're rehearsing for also getting ready
to go play list we need to like pack and
do all that but a playlist if you're
coming I'm hosting musically so I will
be hosting the musically stage so come
by the musical area and I'm just going
to be hanging I'll be happy to clay all
day every day I'm not hosting anything
or doing anything I'm just hanging out
so that's it you could come on back and
interview now even though I love you but
no thank you I'm good okay so we're
going to go so we're not late and we'll
see ya so I'm gonna say goodbye to you
guys for a little bit and I'm gonna go
have a little craft time out here
so I'm going to dot watch ourselves for
a while and I'm going to work on some
right stunning so I make Jojo a
musically sure and I want to write
started and some shoes and some bows to
wear at playlist and then I got to
figure out what I'm writing
ok so but anyways I like to keep them in
little bags like these are black ones
except orangish one clear it's like in
these bags
I have small bags of like this is like
size 20 and then there's a bag of like
like 12 and a bag like okay so they're
all in there
these are babies all the different sizes
all the different shades of green
those are my favorite bags all the
shades of blue there's like he'll
sapphire this is yellow and gold and
gold in the corner gold and definitely
probably my favorite bag the penis shoes
and it looks like the red bag so there's
like some sign them in there yeah and
the most of my Siam ad so Bryce coating
is a whole nother language so here's my
crayon
here is my glue I like to my stomach
here's our shirt will be doing a lively
shirt
and those beautiful rhinestones before
there's a lot of different sizes a lot
of different colors I have been right
zoning for about 20 years so I know all
of the colors by heart all the sizes I
know exactly how much I need to do a
project so it's pretty easy but if
you're just starting to write down
easiest size where I still within the
size 20 or size 16 and I like to use
jewel it I don't like to use that using
Center quite so much because it has a
really hard thing and so I like to use
Julian because it doesn't have a sense
and I can just not get ahead of help I'm
right donations up David I'll show you
guys a little bit on my work in a little
bit back in the car 5:05 you got you a
little ahead and a little bit I showed
up my shirt shorter out so I had 10 year
down because the you know knowing knew
I'd be annoying but today was great we
had a good rehearsal the dancers are me
Majella they're so they're so committed
we have something really cool in the
trunk of our guy that we can't show you
I just want to tell everyone that we are
not rehearsing to perform at playlist
because I saw a lot of your comments on
Instagram and everyone thinks we're
rehearsing right now for playlist and
actually JoJo's not even performing a
playlist I'm just wavy at hosting
musically she's going to be hosting the
musically so the physically moves the
music last day whatever but she is not
performing bad we're practicing for
something ginormous
so you want to be ready for but no I'm
still going to play this play this is
going to be very fine yeah well his
ginormous in itself but but it's just
not what I'm doing at were rehearsing
for me although it would be fine but we
just we finish up with everything today
so now that was really good but we're
going to go home should finish up our
outfits we're going to go home and I'll
finally fine I knew it you all ready to
commit
that y'all know I I worked hard today I
run some two t-shirts and they're only I
mean I he'll answer you what I think I
worked hard today
I was dripping sweat I've never said it
as much as I said it's it out Gloria
my cheeks are still white I'm losing
weight right now because of this person
I would say that was a really good
little workout for you a little pressure
a little lot of debris some big waves
came today from Nickelodeon Oh little
prejudice to know they really good good
to perform under pressure
yeah good for you it's funny how like
much harder I hit it when they're there
the dancers to really I ever seen
guidance so good I love that guy is also
tisha good it was great well it's slime
time again kids
oh okay mom didn't even take her hoodie
off or her shoes I am eating pizza
eating chips good dinner came right to
the counter to make some flour it is
messy everything is messy I know
everything is like tonight it was our
night to clean and get you guys rainbow
very good mechanic float oh my god yeah
Oh in slums one 4G is why more than
happen hmm I mean thank you guys whose
life was just in jail it's always flying
time in our house what time is it fun
time I'm gonna make it but I'm going to
make some time in right away all right
I'm going to go tidy up the house a
little bit
and then I'm going to show you guys
those shirts I made and we're going to
have a little yeah because I did my job
for the day now she has to clean up the
house my job is that edit and your job
is you clean right whenever you think
boo-boo and I make time all right
okay so Joe Joe's already sleeping so
tonight I'm going to close out this blog
and I'm going to close it out and I'm
going to answer one of the questions
that you guys seem to ask a lot on these
videos and actually I see it a lot of my
Instagram too a lot of you asked
what's up what judges dad where's Joe
Joe's dead why doesn't he live with you
guys like why do you live in an
apartment without your dad like that's
kind of weird right yeah I just couldn't
wait okay just be honest like it's
definitely not normal that what everyone
thought would happen but first of all I
want to tell you that were married we've
been married for 18 years and everything
is good it's just that when Joe Joe was
given all these opportunities we have
another kid Jayden who is happy and
successful in his world - he's happy in
high school he's happy in Omaha Nebraska
playing with his friends on his baseball
team and he had a whole life there and
so like Jojo has a life out here in
California Jayden has a life in Nebraska
so my husband and I decided rather than
say no to Jojo or to take Jayden and
make him move to California that we
would make it work for us in our
marriage so that our kids could both do
what they wanted to do and you know work
on themselves and their careers and
whatever so you know just sacrifice that
we're making for the time being and
Jayden and Tom come to California a lot
they come a couple times a month maybe
three times a month on the weekends and
you know it's easier for boys to travel
than this girl's because they only have
to bring a suitcase they can just bring
like a backpack and stuff like that so
it's easy and you know it works for us
it's not ever what we thought we would
be doing but it works so I think that
that is the most important thing that it
works for us and we're happy and both of
our kids are happy and thriving honestly
so it's good but thank you for asking
about Jade or Jayden man JoJo's dad
because I mean to care could do I mean
that's one thing I tell my kids and my
care about other people put their
feelings first and make a difference in
someone else's life so if you're doing
that that's good and that's what we try
to do and that's what we try to teach
our kids so sometimes if that weighs
about yourself it's about making other
people happy and helping them thrive in
their lives and that's what we're doing
for our kids right now
now granted I am counting the days until
Jade graduates from high school and they
move back out or they move out here to
California but it's going to be a while
it's not going to happen overnight and
like I said he's happy judges happy so
we're just making it work basically but
we have a great family and were super
proud of our kids
so anyways on that note thank you for
your questions and feel free to ask us
questions because that's what this vlog
is this is for you guys to learn about
our family and what's going on and why
things are the way they are and I see a
lot of you asked about JoJo's schooling
and I'll talk about that on a different
day because that's another long story
kind of like this was another long story
but anyways I love you guys keep
watching our vlogs and good night and
the court of the day is make other
people feel good make other people happy
and be good good night
