hey general go ahead 1152 everyone jess
is driving yeah good morning we are
heading to we're going to meet so
there's this little girl Parker and she
had a fundraiser she is sick um she had
a fundraiser and the girl like a part of
the auction was you didn't have lunch
with me and so the person who won that
prize that to her meeting today now
you're way too afraid not I think that's
a really good partner is from Kansas
City and it was an online auction
oesn't online option an online option
but anybody I posted a link to it on all
the people could go and they could but
are they can bid to win lunch with us
and now we're going with the winners the
winners or to just watch the mob on the
dollar
okay but we're headed to study walk and
then we're going to end up at you off
again tonight with my friends with some
other friends of Hayden and we're talese
and you know why do I call over to it's
just so it's such a habit like that I
guess I feel like Hayden and Billie and
Katie in India daily I think it between
we're going to go to my mail time and
the only reason I agreed actually I
suggested it but the only reason I did
is because I want to try my new gender
switch so bad
that's a good time for me to play on it
so I'm getting your nails like but it's
okay I'm gonna have fun I'm going to sit
there and I'm going to play this
community meet otherwise its first day
off in my three days forever which is
good I know the grocery store today I
feel like we're kind of running well oh
yeah you should
autumn yeah we are ready to go out think
we go to the store you want to go with
meat horn for me no I really don't I'd
like to go home and I'd like to get
caught up with a manual school yes yeah
we load is Sunday Saturday lemon car it
is different it's a fun day all day all
day 24 hours okay when I woke up and I
once cried and I was like no yet today I
was trying to Saturday cause Monday
for not getting textbook um get ahead
you know alright yeah
that's a good rehearsal yesterday with
your dancers yes go back tomorrow the
next day or the next day the next day
you know crazy and then it's great
they've been close that's exciting
mostly no no I'm just offering my or
tonight wait yes it's like 19 is with
Wow
that could have been said in 1914
seven fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen
Fiji yes really I mean you can counter
it like a sea-change enjoy I'm all right
crazy and I got a comfortable partner
we're gonna have a slide shopping day
okay so you don't want me to get any
gifts unwrapped oh you should know what
I did for you you're gonna grow I do for
her you can go back to watch the vlog
mess on my channel because they're worth
days in December I did like a present
every single day leading up to a
birthday but I did a month before
because the bridge basically is to that
little bit eight present but you could
do 19 and like some of the things are
like nice and some of them were like
chill and that's like a main but they
get in her Christmas gift kitty I gave
it to our Christmas so I'm a big gift
that's not a gift card to go movie now I
was like the box I had like five and I
know including the sunglasses a bracelet
and such a right and the for center uses
hey now you're an all star get your game
on Go Fish
alright now that I know my way around
here I don't know if this again no no no
we live here go to complex yeah I'm
going to do I despise you
into your i5v pleats tomorrow night I
don't think the weekend now we can hard
for me so let's do it let's do it or I'm
not doing this I'm going to I'm going to
go for 10 minutes I'll be though I'm
really good at that father
I mean while I well I do for a while
last time and they let me do it by
myself
alright so I remember that I told you
guys of the winner and this is her and
their mom one mother you know it was
great we just had some lunch at Hard
Rock it's awesome it's so much fun
they're just in love with my hair it's
great okay guys we're at City Walk and
it is beautiful last day first Oh Joe
Joe Joe Joe we just had lunch with a
winner from a fundraiser that we did for
Parker super nice family from Nike you
come back early tonight because people
go to school here I think instead of
going on eight we should come at an hour
early and I can fly yes but you felt
like you hours are thank you or some X
Mara no I didn't do it tonight instead
of come here so I like this place in my
favorite places I don't have beautiful
in medicine
okay I guess we're gonna come back
tonight and ask us why did you come into
flying okay so we just left
oh gosh this place popcorn obelisk one
of our favorite places and this is what
judge which came out with frozen banana
with sprinkles
I mean really gorgeous really frozen
really really frozen really cute I mean
that I got a candy apple but it's in a
box so you can't see it but you got a
unicorn
you too warm so cute and the pig and the
peaches and you know cooling rod one
time when we have a party we should come
and get a whole bunch of you okay okay
so show me you're a banana now that were
in the shade you can probably see better
I mean and we got some popcorn take two
personal this week and I stayed guys and
she goes save guys hey guys in this book
about having fun and she got a cotton
candy whole city walk was beautiful
all right really hot I'm going to sell
chocolate on my tree will do I told you
you said it
thank you okay fine
because told me I'm driving done all
right
we're probably come tomorrow night for I
fly on at least a room look night with
some friends
we're going good tonight with me friends
we should be good and you know but
otherwise you just let those people go
and get nails done I like it my nails
and I like to get and you don't even
really like pedicures other than I'm
going though is should because I'm going
to play on my switch as a massage of it
like the toe painting I just don't like
my finger nails and we're just painted
under flesh to drop you off me I should
let's do that okay
everything was perfect you get
warrior and I think we have literally
been here too long and now it's like
five o'clock but hey we got our nails
done and our toes done we're relaxing
it's really quiet it's really nice here
and already really I love my job dudes
in there I thought I loved my daughter
there thank you okay so I'm flying
failure fail your own life okay Jaime
and I am one of those people that bring
their flip-flops and leave them in the
car so now I have to leave a new little
paper flop huh I got very far ahead on
megacity and I've had two really hard
love that's good because I was worried
about how Fathead you were going to be a
lego city go back and go okay and we
found out before Jojo much that came out
at walmart.com all my calm there are
people tagged into pictures of them so
we're like oh my gosh what is it then we
clicked on it again Walmart is now
selling Jojo plates and Jojo napkins
right now I just figured out ten pounds
Jumma birthdays are delicious it's for
dad
and you don't even have to have a party
because like I just wanted them who just
like we don't want to eat with my days
on and like we're gonna probably impress
over so we can all eat up Jojo space
rocket if you want to eat off of my face
go order one how do you store them for
the front of it also no stuff at justice
is Walmart and actually in my opinion I
already cheap they're like a dollar 67
have and we got to fare really cheap so
I'm going to be getting mine on May 4th
so you'll see them in the blog well see
em in them no I think just I'm going to
have some people there's also new boats
out in justice there was what else is
there there was stuffing players that
you Mother's Day stuff they're super
posters there's opposed around Walmart
there was only one left stories
whichever one of you gets all ones in
between like me that's also have five
below the honestly guys go on a mission
and every story or at show you where
Georgia students 70 divided tag me okay
I'm on it and sewer or that type of me
on Instagram and is going to see what a
NAT Jessel Azula so makes you go do this
and make sure you're following me
because although the dog is about to get
more out or they're not really the part
of this event I really meant love
finding out about I'm was another crop
out here you guys so just let us know
when you see it we're definitely
crossing the street I have paper
flip-flops on and we're vlogging a thing
I mean and you're not you're like you're
feeling like this you know so it's all
good modulation okay I love to see the
room update how's it going really really
good everything bad wiring under so this
is our one of everything bag and I'm
getting doing these are my favorite
things I think maybe maybe one day I
want to do a hairdo on you and I want to
use these were you let me do that these
hair chalk maybe just like tomorrow
night like in the vlog or something
should yeah oh yeah I do whether you're
worried I me how you go through it
Jojo so much in here I feel like I'm
literally in a store right now like
crazy no dog on the floor I'm I'm in
Georgia's pancake we're going to put
this guy I would set them on the thing I
wouldn't put that on the wall my
specialist at our operator this is a
hanging bomber
come on the name you know stop you think
I think it's Q right there well you know
you can always change it really but yeah
sure whatever you are desires good thing
I have all those pushpins
then I do just wanna buy I definitely
want to do a hairdo I want to do like a
unicorn hairdo on you with my great
little spirals girl you'll never let me
do your hair every day you're like mom I
just on the side ponytail and I'm like
okay because it looks really cute and I
love it but one night we're gonna do is
just does George's ha you can't see it
up there what you guys disappointing so
disappointing you know it's so
disappointing put it right there
I loved it right there now cuz this is
because it's like I know but that's like
we only have one of those like beats
like and you're gonna stick it in the
corner oh I can't even I can't
I'm so doesn't win it if I had that if I
had that it would be front Center that
would be the point of the formation
right there yes but we also just got a
text from Billy and Hayden's dad Jimmy
that they are hurry up and come to video
yeah yeah y'all Calibra and hurry up and
come to city wok and we literally I love
sitting look and I put my hair in a pony
diet I go curl it so all right we're
gonna have to get ready and that was
really cute
Chris oh wait you guys oh no dude today
yes why not let me see it I ordered
stuff online so I found George of
stickers Jojo pens yeah it's out there
let make sure we use well they ordered
you don't mind we might not get it
that's if we can get it you'll see it I
mean okay you got a lot of now we're
chef it stuffy
now where is the og Bertha boat this is
last year's birthday oh my god - larrya
and this is this year this is so much
more of an upgrade I can only wonder
what next year what next year was when I
was like yeah so birthday row 2017
birthday both 2016 in fun fact we gave
those bows that rainbow bow away in the
gift bag at Jo Jo's birthday party and
those and first people to have it yeah
but also a fun fact this year too we
have key chains in this year we contract
we have two chains and rainbow necklaces
and we have some other really cool
birthday stuff that's coming out there's
a lot that I order a little bit yeah I
mean the layered go I mean I know where
am I gonna put a plate I don't know they
got great there Dan until you can't look
at that cute I took all of these out of
Tiger Beat uh-huh and I still got me
this poster on which you should do the
show - oh I could this prefer this
poster and I love this but I gotta get
you a summary for sure because this is
also G like my book did you get that
really long poster uh-huh that's right
here with my go holders okay look at how
much progress my wallet made progress
all right so basically died I'm about to
go curl my hair
you know don't final update on the night
I just added some more bones down here I
added some over there I added I added
the Saint Patty's Day bow added just
picture I did that
no I didn't know that that is due date
tonight looks good oh I added this guy
tonight but look look at that
I love it so so much it looked really
good and we're getting the Walmart
plates and eventually we're going to do
two is all cut out the cover of my book
and that I'll tape that up there and
I'll put like a copy on my book on my
bit on my bed yeah got lots of things
and have good night
it's definitely appreciation day I'm so
proud of my hair and they really love my
hair so much right now anyway we're
heading to city wok we're leaving right
now by Volvo stairs by now watch this
I am leaving
all right I'm just kidding us today all
right that's just getting anything no
now I got to go catch her Oh made the
mistake it what it up is the red out but
my balls grandma to my great-grandma my
mom my mom's mom
yes my mom but not my mom mom mom
leaving
Sam peace out but my mom's mom mom is um
so ho grandma my great grandma I'm
trying to figure out what I'm trying to
say we sent out fan mail we saw when we
applied in the salmon with her little
note in there that said please take a
picture with the end send it to us on
Instagram right so he sent it to my
grandma just for the fun of it my great
grandma thought you'd like to get the
picture and nightstand art and she's old
right in her night she's like yeah she's
old so she's not Facebook but she's not
really like she doesn't really get like
the Instagram Twitter she doesn't really
give us such a media thing yeah so she
took my mom's aunt to my great-aunt was
just as crazy she's like not
answering she's like okay she's layout
yeah it's weird but like she she's
awesome but she was with my mom's
grandma and my mom's grandma's Georgia
wanted me to take a picture with this in
senator so when you take my picture and
send it to the house is absolutely Lukey
Ellucian
oh I have sold if you picture let's be
friends so now we are show you the
picture wait for it wait for it I pull
it up and the model of the story is
always love your grandparents and always
be nice to your grandparents the grandma
rule see this little figure holding at
Joe Joe's picture I love it I love it so
much that amazing so always take care of
your grandparents there's also very
important rule you guys and the rule is
called the grandma rule you wouldn't do
it in front of your grandma you wouldn't
say it in front of your grandma you
wouldn't act like it in front of your
grandma you should not be doing it to
hang it acting it if you would do things
in front of your mom your grandpa law
your dad you wouldn't really care but
your grandma oh girl look at you don't
you agree I agree
yeah always right in front of your mom
you probably shouldn't do it
but I'll give you the grim like goose
salt like I don't know some things I
like I'll go around you but I want to do
around my grandma yeah you know the
saying on another note I curled my hair
today I spell it for you
I think my curls are pretty good yeah
yeah I'm like that is I'm kind of having
a good might little wimpy hair day
because I didn't put any product in it
my hair looks which I vlog you how
you're going me oh my arm
you should anyways see you guys
I'm worried about it cuz I'm a lady I
don't look like them I don't like them
I know what oh now it's like a Campari
business but I'd not expect this on a
Sunday night
craziness
Genet tornado even more she said to fill
in on mine it's a great camera I think I
got this sample Jojo um today was pretty
amazing I would say we went to City Walk
twice once with the word the auction
winner and once with a whole group of
our friends my husband these beautiful
pink flowers what I think well because I
love pink and they smell good I make our
apartment smell really good
so we're gonna have those lovely flowers
to look at for the next week or so and
what else do we do today so I was not
trying to work at her room a lot
tomorrow I need to ship some packages
out to some of my friends that I need to
send them some bows some merchandize and
stuff and we're rehearsal for a really
super fun thing that Carol excited about
that I can't tell you one thing get
excited because it's going to be
completely amazing and tomorrow I think
that I'm going to tell you all some
secrets about our life
I mean I think that you guys are all
commenting where's Joe Joe's dad why
does Joe Joe's dad not live here so
tomorrow I'm going to give you the scoop
on why judges dad doesn't live here so
make sure that if you want to know that
that you watch tomorrow's block so now
you can say can I eat to these two
lovers always are you something I'm a
floor or you food in your mouth why
every night is crazy
yes wicked are you challenge my doggies
every I mean burrow okay so I'm gonna
close blog out close this vlog I lift
this out everybody I love it when we
don't use using I don't know why you
love it okay hmm
so we have a really fun night at City
Walk and this reminds me of something
that I want to talk about thank you can
i yes I want to tell you guys something
we were on city walk tonight and we
thought a lot of fans there and one
thing I notice is sometimes fans are
really scared to come up to Joe Joe and
ask for a picture and I want to tell you
guys that don't be scared like honestly
like please don't be scared don't be shy
I mean I can see where you might be
because when Joe Joe met somebody that
she really likes she started bawling
starik right like I couldn't stop
laughing at her but I promise if you
guys see Joe Joe or myself out in public
like we're super nice and just well if
you want to picture out loud for it well
well well what but anyway so just dope
I'm alright don't be frightened I love
the wall this is the wall yeah I high in
one of these I added that I added a lot
of this okay so anyways I'm going to end
on this poster tonight and it says just
be you wait so I like the poster quote
for tonight no no the poster price is
song cup okay what's the poster quiet
so heavy I'm holding on there's going so
much that I can't carry it's just my
song of the day I mean I'm not asking
you to carry me or anything so I oh my
god okay okay
that's JoJo's and my out is just me you
because you're amazing I am oh why is my
dog so light Oh Jojo I love you boo
I got me Kesha and ibeacon to live in
tomorrow don't worry
I must close this vlog out you better
make that bed fast Jimmy's fall okay
wait ready
hurry second awesome okay okay no it
sounded like a fun car so there thank
you popping out that's not one they all
kind of in a bunch okay then I take the
red red blanket okay take the Rugrats
blanket it's not uh-huh and then I guys
like you goes on Bob uh-huh and goes
like I mean when your kid has a bed but
chooses to sleep on the floor whatever
that's why he go uh-huh
dad take my big pillow uh-huh yes die
only is each I know you'd be on people
and they'd go oh why are you those okay
yeah yeah and here is then it's to
blanket the two we're blanket okay it's
great anatomy is human so tumor blanket
I mean the tumor like it okay
do as I get done right here so I can run
with it this is the way that I use so
this just goes the middle just break it
Tom's right here on this side of me and
it's like it comes over here on the
floor and this table and I got using
tried to make sure my
no stay silent and then oh my I mean go
go well you've never used it I do too no
I don't want any the dog but on that I
just wash it
hold on all right good night world boy
she's like you know what where my dog
sleeps and it's so annoying
so I sleep like this right mm-hmm
so my dog likes to lay right oh your God
wanted to lay on my stomach last night
in the middle of the night she came in
by me I'm like wrong see what going by
the little one know what she lays right
with you my leg so I try to like switch
my legs under the covers and she just
doesn't get it
well you just don't get it you just
don't care all right good night
love you guys Oh
