dumb little crying before we have to go
out car so as you like to cry because
I'm so excited by electors would off
this flew so high 32 32 hey gotta go get
ready
um mom's in the shower right now I'm
just boys actually like again today so I
gotta like stop talking today because I
don't have my good boys but we might
your love logging before already but I
know for me personally I'm gonna go get
ready all dress there you go it's 653 I
have like 30 minutes I'm like free time
wise just messing around
I didn't really up as a razor good yeah
we're here right there right
it's around here I mean I was pretty big
fan
Oh everyone is that thank you
please the remembered flappy oh my god
that is Yorick I mean literally I don't
have no crying yeah cries you're done
later crying before we have to go walk
the car so as you like to close because
I'm so excited so funny because not you
know how to still living here
why
okay so I usually wouldn't put this in a
vlog but I did because this is the day
after but I just thought I should tell
you guys write down before you can
continue with this you may have seen in
the last thing that I just showed you
guys that there was me and there was a
guy in a red shirt
now that guy in the red shirt was the
person who I was freaking out over
because I was so excited to meet him so
matches me having to be serious that's
like our happy place but like be serious
like focus on the carpet while where do
I stay with celebrities is right next to
me it was crazy I was like it was just
amazing
we're on the carpet I just didn't see
you interview we did that was nearly
right there depressor that looks pretty
close feel like this is pretty awesome
Maxon beer yeah ah screaming okay wait I
gotta finish is really but it was just
I'm proud of it
how do you feel yet stand again amazing
okay and the fund appeared on I'm not
literally just go to well we're going to
now them I don't know we'll see you
before the show it's now way later and
36 wow I've already been up five hours
of did she notice trough anyway I just
got a little hair makeup Sketchup all I
did was it looks off on just about it
but it's almost time like 15 minutes the
video be great introduced witty Marco
the owner who that is the mosque is
awesome it could possibly mean II so
it's time for me to do a little vlog um
we just left we day and get my arm
straight
directions for Jojo with you giving you
like choreography doubt here okay so we
just left waiting it was absolutely
amazing good reminder of just because
that's it life
kindness is jesting encourage others I I
can't decide if Jojo is hangry or hungry
I'm hungry
Abby she's hungry I'm very tired tired
and hungry I'm hungry
that's my worst of the day if you're
hungry and you know it come your hands
she loves me so I'm not that hungry we
let some pretty fun people
hey we're gonna go in the grove I think
we're gonna go get some pasta just
higher even that I met gia , like Yakima
I can't believe you cried like a baby I
was I really cried I was sad I guess I
should clear that up I was crying
because I was so excited you're
fangirling yeah she was crying because
fangirling well I was I wasn't expecting
it right that in there
like I they told me yes or I mean
Tuesday that I was going to meet him
they were going to make it happen but I
did not expect it right then in there
and like I'm a big fan like I've been
always watching tonight know I might be
coming over going okay you know what I
just know that Jo Jo cried and I don't
cry so no you never cry ever I know
she's hungry about some sake I actually
what would probably be like hungry
because th us GRA hungry like tired very
hungry hungry like hungry th she loves
me
they gonna edit yesterday's vlog or am I
going to end it I could try and he
probably wouldn't turn out very good so
I could chat but I'm going to go to
Dylan's Candy Bar and get us some candy
I'm going to go to Topshop to keep some
clothes and now you know what I'm going
to do you guys I made this jacket today
yes
and I haven't got a really good idea for
another jacket so I'm actually going to
probably go to Michael if you want to go
to Michael's Hobby Lobby to get some
equipment to make another clackett I'm
like oh my God look at how much fun she
is known let's talk about glue and slime
and then you like perk up I mean so I'm
working with okay but yeah I think we'll
get some food and some glue and the real
Jojo back and I had you guys okay yeah
but you should need it if you haven't
eaten I had respect this bar wait your
choice my concern
Scrat gross
if I go in for getting sick earlier yeah
we're just going to Nike and find a nice
picture later take picture minds who may
go get some shoes at what's it called at
Joe Strummer and make your little as man
ever as I was saying we might go to
north show to get some shoes overlord I
just thought over getting to my pan ball
bag
hi they got glasses oh they're the
spectacles in here some been here
forever always fixing your toys away
like come on play with me no one can
work fine it's just me right now you
guys give IV little bread little Jojo
all the wall
little shopping filled that cows : eh
portable chargers so does camera well
since he's above any voltage and I
wouldn't want up to me now we came to
j.crew cuz I need clothes like bad and
I'm gonna show you what I got
so efficient we pick with their I got
stretch I got this donut I got
please no idea Toriyama side I got every
single color everybody because they're
like every single one huh what else did
I get
I think she got me this full shirt I got
his little pineapple shirt I got a lot
of these shorts looks good I got a lot
of stuff that is really good
Regan
did you get some good stuff yeah
nice who are you doing we've been here a
hundred times and never on the trolley
Saturday in the house I'm getting my
first reaction on camera I don't know
where is that presenting to down our
because
yes
you did yes a man you yes girl Irene
when one of your best friends had a
giant picture of her at Nike I let my
friend Annie I miss you I'm going to be
on Friday I got a crazy ride a sensor I
am and maybe my friend and sorry Annie
finally we made it back home and I have
to edit yesterday's vlog and get that up
with him like the next hour please yeah
should be anything crazy just prank
you know but there's a lot of two
different SD cards so that's kind of
ignorant it books well got really
nothing else to do all right finally
yesterday's vlog is blonde and finishing
edited and uploaded and now I was doing
this in my room which was just getting
rid of clothes uh and I got fuzzy shoes
now in my shoe closet and then I got to
do my shorts over there because I got
new clothes
and also I'm going to do a little bit of
rearranging but you guys won't see my
shoe closet now because I just threw a
whole bunch of shoes in there that were
in there and it's a mess it's back to
how it used to be but it's a mess in
here
look I don't look at this this is
compared to a standard adult sized
hanger like I dropped you like it's a
mess
ed deep sorry it has the hiccups - oh
and I hit my shoulder on that out hold
on okay my shoulders better now yeah I'm
just trying to do some cleaning minutes
I need to put my sheep oh my bed too
let's do it
daebak daebak daebak daebak love Lamar
hey Mac no no I haven't here I have a
camera I have a camera stay back stay
back
oh god damn it up this is way I could
you did it to me Joseph
how do you get a pair up alright using
your line my camera I will
this is did me then
really mom really that's how y'all apply
you look interested look and I love my
marks on your door again
ha stay back oh yeah mom I left my mark
oh you should have hid the other can I
spray because where wasn't look at hey
really really don't know mom look it
Oh No hey your soul free I am funny
Annie I mean that was my mark very very
cool I don't usually do it I should
leave maybe longer goodbye well now
here's the aftermath of the prank hold
on let's clean it up now
um come here I clean you up oh yeah you
did I mean look at my dog she's scared
it's really good I don't know about Noel
candy go help everyone get clean now all
right well that's gonna be the end of
this vlog because we're both tired right
as long as my camera again
she got me soaked so now I'm soaked but
how you feel
you got pranked by your own printer Joan
after I think about that lemon Brinks do
you know what I think now though not
after that I don't think we should be
able to repeat prank
ah okay guys like that so now you're
making rules of life yeah I think you
should be able to repeat about you I'm
not really a rule follower I think that
that one guy you're welcome
all right guys I'll go today I have a
phone call I forgot when I was laughing
was it on my brain or oh it hurt to be
little first
oh god much too late try and I felt for
mamas day I doubt the song of the day it
should just be solid ain't not even home
yeah I was done alright we're going to
do that from now on Tommy Oh today oh
you guys he's out
