okay general all right so morning time
Good Morning Joe - you're editing your
job you're doing my job he's the one at
it
I really suck you don't know what else
well your mom pranks you when you're
wrong with what you're my real bit
forgive you oh yeah that's one right
there that's the would just say just one
judge I would tell me I did a good job
keep going with this kind of work for
you okay
I mean like right dog doesn't see it you
guys I'm just saying how to really know
this lot like this this is the best
intro to the vlog ever actually I should
have done this for judges just I should
speed it I mean how about anything going
Jojo no how's it going to shower laid
out as a string where you could shower
does you I want I you don't want to be a
smelly kid on time huh oh let's do bad
remember I was posted notes a stack of
my house you got much time that I'm out
you know how much time that took me that
took a lot of time but anyways how was
that for a vlog in cash a yes shower I
can't show I really don't but I love you
you like I have to leave the house or
ours oh good thing you were here in the
side point every day good things brain
turns mark and you know what he actually
said won't work for you cuz I'll erotic
but your dog'll eat it oh you better
watch your dog
alright ok so I just played a prank on
Jojo no I like ok so put up my kitchen
aha she's not going to eat it she's not
stupid all right
sweet love yeah what it's cool why I use
a license mm-hmm like a braid you'll put
it below why did your brain Jojo I can't
even believe what I was cleaning out my
patches to make your thing I found a
creative silly string to make the dress
you gotta get right I was gonna wake you
up till now
well we'll see about that Bell Bell we
made it in the car I'm dressed got a
unicorn trigger on sheeter and higher
driver's license got my blue pants on I
got a like a coral shirt on under this -
I have an idea - I'm like be nautical
and I got a bright bow and I got pink
shoes on who actions Hollywood I can't
film here because this is a security
checkpoint ok we needed to Access
Hollywood was still in the car because I
do have my seatbelt on - but it was just
for my own I'll put some people having
this perfect like after you Joe and we
don't want to do here - when you drive a
boat for a guard you can't do what you
do like I really isn't mad
this is overhead but when I can
Hollywood and I were going to do
something this was supposed to hold okay
we made an Access Hollywood those few
people in here it's very quiet so I feel
very very light but David's motors TVs
really cool but I gotta go shoot now
part one is done part two is happening
like this one cue Camera 3 camera
let's I think having the monitors will
be more fun one monitor two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven
twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen
seventeen seventeen monitors are in this
room a lot crazy okay I gotta get back
to work doing without our hands
alright
really thank you for my guide my friends
I did her hair you're a fabulous model
is really good for my first credit I've
ever filmed oh yeah lighting bows for
accent how I did you know giveaways
massive I didn't Oscars when we were
pinky was like yeah we behind because I
don't have either been grilling bright
green I saw a bright Miller school and
we're doing a segment on what you look
like what 420 here was my future hair
you made Oh
thank you looking for you that's what I
was looking for made a homeowner houses
a mess again but just looks really
different today doing a fly update every
day and it kind of has a layer like the
layer starting to form but like I feel
like I could still like get my finger to
it it's so weird it's really weird do
you like it though not gonna lie oh my
gosh it's not letting me get out of the
bowl it's a good sign I'm not gonna lie
I nailed it when I made this
buh-buh-buh-buh oh wow hello
look at that show if you come in my room
I won't blow one coming but they're
still issuing all over there's my
blanket they're all folded up that's
right yeah I had to move your food of
water and a blanket for you yes okay
whoa I'm just doing this like this I
don't really care I'm bad to film a
quick Joe Joe's juice um and it can be
really good so make sure you go check it
out in the channel so it says this would
be technically going up a day after
George's juice I just found on the new
set first video on a new jodas you set
so make sure you go to my channel and
like kind of cleaning up now busy go to
my channel so you can check that video
out you know but right now I got to go
downstairs because I got to go edit that
video but take this bad boy with me and
I should be good to go
all right guys we decided that wouldn't
shree hit 200,000 on this channel I even
have something in her face whether it's
a pie room full of jelly I'm using a
facial with something
I didn't appreciate something they shall
clean up on our visual honey visual and
yelling I want visually no facial
anything I want guilt Oh Jojo facial
happening
we're playing veins all right now the
light is on with a giant lollipop and a
piece of liquid laser okay but I can't
do an apple hopefully a baby that's the
world
entertain a lot
okay so firstly playing baseball in the
house and this is going to be the best
oh wait yeah again it was treating again
for change
how'd you get the better lighting
actually see what embarrassing mess
we're doing this
kay wait wait there don't dare ya I'll
do it what I say
okay well then the des will be punished
okay one two three
go back maybe three okay that I read it
you're a scholar quit okay we always put
all your passes is our answers are your
out go ahead we're going to get okay kid
you're out out back Oh get that Bay
you're gonna get it okay
you got cooking yet what do we want to
know
hey if you like sliding it but
you're plotting anyone doing it yeah
you're going it
wait like Oh back like then I got it bro
we look like Nick right now okay whose
identity well the gland baseball and it
will attract some hitting is obvious
who's the better hitters but never walk
away mr. batter I had done Jackson
wait pluggers a lot I really should go
outside using really hardly oh yeah suck
yours all dozen ideas no sugar in mine
we can make it a mac and cheese
Wow Instagram is so beautiful
soon and I was just a crackled really
close I thought all laughing Wow matches
our choreography - oh I've enjoyed you
the thumbnail George's use equals no
finally um I will have edited three
videos today because I was invited as
the vlog I went up today jota's juice
and I'm going to edit this blog that
you're saying right now tonight because
unless what time are we getting home
from we day
so if I don't get that done tonight you
know
you know
so for an hour but anyways I gotta go
ahead and go to just good news is as I
made it so it should be pretty easy for
me down
beautiful so I completed edited I
thought that I'm doing the Sun in right
now and I thought that I would tell them
how I make my best meals ever should I
tell them if you want to yeah so every
so often I make these meals where I like
will go and I'll like Fineman of things
in my house and I make a really good
meal out of them have nice night I think
I'm gonna make on tonight
I'm sure you're all in order to scout
you don't think I do a little bit no I'm
gonna I'm gonna fight I'm gonna make it
to try to find a happy emoji
peteandjayne with pleasure the pleasure
no I am I'm going on at read your high
we want to trade your heart and chicken
okay so Oh George I love the one I start
with okay she's a lot chosen will really
just look to make her own lovely dinner
I mean that's what you're making
this is our one tart one one to one
instant of watch your investor dinner
you know I'm eating the I reading that
the ability of the writing I mean I
can't I can't I can't I can't like I'm
on slime overload over overload slime
overlap me so I'm gonna clover here in
chill and see what Jojo is making
herself look terrible but my eyes are
really sensitive this clothing so we've
been outside a lot last couple of days
so they're really having some sensitive
moments right now
oh yeah george'll excuse these little
cafeteria-style plate and she likes to
put like the thing is in each of the
little proportion it's not gonna work
he's like why shouldn't the 1919 sounds
a bit like a messy chain line so it is
two minutes three three three minutes at
stake sentences energy I have to find me
thanks to my place so that inch is one
of the biggest part the big portion okay
well guys one noodles not going to
matter it only matters to that noodle
and usually if I evac and cheese out of
the bowl I like to make it like in less
water and have a cheesy chunky chunky
yes so they're like like chunky thick
mac and cheese why I like it when it's
like the hankie I mean does everybody
like chunky mac and cheese okay
I don't know I thought everyone know
we're running kind of low on mac yeah I
grace in the freezer okay
should be yeah I'll be great
there's veggie straws I mean ah there's
a healthiest thing but if you don't know
anything that I also these aren't
healthy
okay okay so these are go people go
there's no go hair and people go they
already know and welcome to my life this
is my life I just decide what to put
this my snack in oh hey what with it is
a little you know sometimes I ever
mention I like this Jojo this is miss
one she's just really quiet and she just
hangs out in her house that's I like
that joke oh yeah you know like that
Jojo
oh my god I gotta go we don't know
no no carcase would know Walker for you
oh my god I think I can have an
unhealthy pain yeah hi me only I'm here
Emily like a lot of drawings with a lot
of eggs
oh I'm even there yes yeah check the
date on that I feel like we're like Jim
ya know made you guys we're good all
right Ian April
this actually is already open if you
just want to use that and know that
please this one was opened yes
there you go so now going like this you
don't get details done okay upload
register so I can have one okay we shut
this off oh yeah all right there's a
finished product I got salami peaches
great magazines and veggies Josh it's
all my favorite chatty feel
the great flood good peaches look good
you look kinda like on it I love it
I'm gonna put some of the juice in his
mac and cheese ha ha Oh amazing bubble
of the Jim have some tuna burger we
always like to watch YouTube while we do
it so I'm going to finish up with Joe
Joe's use and then we're going to eat
dinner and then I'll see you after that
so it's that time of the night
there I'm gonna close out the blog you
guys my eyes were so it was a little and
I'm not sure what I'm going to do
tomorrow so let's see here
let's go see what the queen is doing
over that Queen she is working playing
doing something
what are you doing judge I'm playing
with my Nintendo switch yes okay so we
need a song to close this blog out we
use like a low cost okay
run in the middle of a very intense game
song is it going to be it just comes up
with it oh wait wait wait wait wait wait
we can't let the day the recap what the
thing does you can see where you're
filming today yeah there you go that's
good right there
recap of the day what all happened today
first three words Access Hollywood then
we went to acting class then we had a
meeting that you could be a part of
sorry
um then we came back here and I edited
yesterday's vlog then we shot JoJo's
juice then I edited and showered JoJo's
I showered that added in judges juice
then Jojo made herself some dinner I did
I ate the whole plate yeah hey Olli is
really good it's really good it was
really so the best thing that oh and I
got won't got to do with silly string oh
my god how did we forget my amazing
morning wake up God you guys literally
amazing oh oh don't be afraid we're you
agree my daughter you know go be on the
road okay so today's quote is yeah you
come up with the de Vaca love with a
well we gather first is Joelle you need
to clean your room
oh so close mmm okay we're like lamb
with bed though all is my group
get your water your children okay can I
am let's get us on or quote a song
horror croak a happy song has this
unquote
okay let's do you um what the J hands up
playing massage but Flyway not a close
though I like that one though okay
ah why are we I'm shown with these we're
still on strong with these it was really
hard killing it doesn't need to be a
song I don't even like the song there's
that quote little life have fun and be
happy
agree don't worry be happy where is it
oh it's okay I don't wait that's the
quote Michael it is live what alright
yeah and be happy how it if you're not
make a change
what about everyday you do a shot you
don't you get you're not you're getting
from your death you're getting from your
screw down how about everyday you saw
guys I'm still learning how to do this
um what if every day you don't quote and
I do a song quote what if we just do we
feel I know what if we just do it is in
her mind and now I didn't have to be a
song the song quote is okay going just
be they all then get a funerals they
don't wise up and call me Carl FAFSA
that I'm looking at funds on my phone oh
I like this song
I like my quote better so uh tell me
what Thank You McGarrett good night
America leading at UK Jame Australia
don't wiggle
goodnight Ireland to my Canada wait
tonight Mexico and do my South America
Nicole I got the clothes and I get a
leaves a funny line and about midnight
Germany about my least favorite food
ready yeah yeah I like my letter
tomatoes five seven a French rap you
know what then we're going pickle let's
go today yeah everyone some ah
cheeseburger a paradise I thought oh the
kid that won't eat a cheeseburger hate
you so that's ok it's done came to my
recently okay so tonight effective play
my go study love you guys peace out
