Bobo what are you doing
Jojo displayed on the floor last night
why'd you make a floor bed mmm
this is what I have to deal with Bobo
well you get in position all right we
have we'd a rehearsal and it edit young
hollywood and we're gonna drink
musically offices it should be a fun day
welcome s ralpherz under there and we
just drop it
Josh oh we're cool with this one today
and we're going with a patch one for
tomorrow patches you patches McGee yeah
so I thought oh just flying this morning
but I wanted to let her do it because I
didn't want her to get mad at me it's
crazy and icebergs on ice per head yeah
how do I do those but I know look at
it's like no don't you should dump it
out and like you see if it keeps its
form it is like it's literally like a
rock so I go like this when your
dumbbells like a crunchy rock the top is
cool
I think the bottoms high stack so no
it's like good crazy
oh I didn't get it open
just gotta mix it in crazy crazy so some
kind of weird looking to listen to it
it's iceberg perhaps just its iceberg
like if there such a thing as iceberg
flying yeah oh well then and just like a
hard choice in the hall but it'll go
away
oh okay so maybe you should have bet a
new kind of line so you have a jojo's
juice and then you can have see you
slime oh what a good idea what just a
taste
Oh uh-huh oh yes
pay for it keeps waiting takes a second
the longer you do that I really look
like wait a sec like JJ or all the floor
old up in it I get it I mean we have the
swirly pop right here this lowly piece
of pizza right here
what is today I feel like that is a good
morrow young students to watch us is it
I like to do like to make like that so
that's line baby is like a slime baby
just praise is it's like I love you
alright I gotta go get ready no because
today we actually have to do something
site we have to leave here on time oh my
you know me I like to be early not late
look at this I'm looking she's waited
watching for voice for us okay
the last one then I got to go get ready
this does not come easy okay coming
count right
well you do this with better than
squirrel is
and watch the magic everyone make it
really good you just take this that was
stuck to your finger just tuck it under
looks like Froyo or frosting and then
you ruin any poke your fingers in there
and that's what you show us to do it was
so satisfying what if it's just me it's
so satisfying just say it because that's
what you always say
all right on that note I'm a camel
riding behind because no one what no no
no not in this man no no I was doing
work for you or you have one horse we
don't how I thought this is listen to
order by order to be okay yeah no we're
running late W over we're here mrs. I
want to leave out 5,000 years early this
is we're going to be ready let's go
we're gonna do is let's go well because
you wanted to leave i favorite Donnell
Obadiah
you want to leave us anything and we
left at 30 so I was stressed because I
know you of them really want you to
never ever ever ever contact I'm sorry
but you can't
very true it's not fair I thought it
would take us an hour to get here it
took us about 30 minutes yeah we got how
it is so we're at the forum I think
that's challenge second
I think that's Talent so we're not early
we're 20 minutes early we're good we're
going to go in and figure it out I store
in the green room I'm going to blog the
food we're in the green room at we'd a
kind of cool set up our chat we just
wait I just you have the money I help a
gecko like I'm going set up back there
we're just chilling on these couches
yeah yeah yeah your age I was a chance
I'm going to go see if they got are you
going to be sure it gets awkward going
to vlog Phoenix oh okay
you write out what do I have to live is
that fit up from your mother to cooking
thank you
I want to read you like why I'll get
some fruit though chance finished back
in the car um it was really good I yeah
I had like rehearsed inside it on really
loud microphone and it was it was like
hello and my voice is so a lot of it was
like so deep inside up and so scratchy
it was great
are you putting in the address or do you
need me to I'm hooking up all right who
assigned in it we'll get into what we
need to be go be someday so we forgot to
do alignment I don't know right there
then it's the mark 2 it's great but
we're in the young Hollywood slightly
freaking out but is that I want to play
that ukulele can i play that on lively
I've never played it really yeah I kind
of do I'll be good like never see so
good don't worry be happy
you can make an original I don't forget
original my name is yo-yo elbow oh I got
the job Jose it's wrong I don't know my
pain I don't play by them do all the
game don't you say hi alright we just
wrapped up at young Hollywood man head
over to loosely which is super exciting
um it should be fun to llama friends are
going bye guys ah lady I'm ditching all
my friends you guys oh yeah I'm very
good Rolla
Joe's right look at this poor out
musically they're blocked here my
friends in for example they just got
guys run within Highlands
oh I'm sure man I'm cold
don't log in right here yeah
it's my mom that Melissa these are my
friends from musically I'm trying to
find out it's all here that's Christmas
that people from sweetie hi Peggy I just
use it here this is my new friend Falls
that I just met all our people back here
back here I'm drawing people and I
refuse right here
frontier my friends are here
okay who else all here
hello welcome Matt Rebecca are here
doing quasi Bank it out um Jim is right
here chips owner gives other owner I
know you and here no Patrick great I'm
lost all here i right now
thank you guys saw Peggy server that's
tasty my old friend Vanna turn good
where's your kid
click make you something
oh okay okay
we need to the station you stay back
anyway I'm out bitch took my ball
old-time faggot also has been offered
they can't hit her because I'm home with
my club and beautifully do it how dare
they ugh ideally with everyone who's
lead why did you want to get your calm
down chat - ahead and create an ailment
are you guys in Darwin I got to go get
some dessert now if you don't know the
joke you boys a song Duke what do i do
you dot uw-stout what you got what you
got do with that dessert get out here I
don't want one of these like that one
but I want that one - those are you look
around you don't get it what okay we
look at random hand
maybe later baby for the road
this thing though
okay so we just got back from them
musically party okay so is my
catchphrase so here we go
and we always have to check on this line
because we've got some pretty good
things on the fly and I can't like pls i
can't like it's pretty nice it's like if
you had like a pudding or like something
and you left it how you gotta fix it
that it gets like a film on it no listen
to see how creek like stick your finger
always do that as you legit cannot poke
a hole in it I have like a crud got one
huh we put that bread we had for one kid
I gotta mix it up but we got a really
cool package in the mail we're gonna
show in the package you're different
no good we're out of mixes so it doesn't
get sticky more slime I mean I think
that YouTube is slime like they just go
hand in hand right now let's check this
side
this is where you like break their so
girl Oh No okay let's do our ragged over
now no longer like a packin heat you can
see like a chunk where this stuff is
everything's it's so lopsided hot always
yes snicker right there because of the
stop Oh YUM pudding wicked thing I like
to do that I just take a little trunk
and then do this
I figured in really good oh oh god oh
god alright so I was on here tonight at
the steel house oh god oh god let's just
I'm a fuckin dick smell of ale what you
want a oh my god and you all stop thank
you okay all right those are I have been
waiting here for five minutes
so this thing you take forever to do I
mean but it's so satisfying what's that
I mean you guys so that is like okay so
I have a catchphrase and it's okay so
okay so and I say it all the time if
Jojo doesn't edit it out of these videos
you really should listen for it because
I say okay so thank you okay so and Jojo
has a catchphrase and hers is it's so
satisfying and there are so satisfying
mom how do you spell satisfying it's so
satisfying I find those satisfied if it
is 170,000 bees in ten hours it's so
satisfying it's just so hard and thank
you for those views so good okay
why yeah I don't that'll really like
usual yeah yeah I wish somebody got me
tell me I'm sick okay I'm like if I was
a viewer watching this slime I would be
like that scholars humble of you wife
watching slam comment down below if you
want to do what Jojo got in the mail
today I'm double if you like watching
song comment down below you want to see
why my wait wait wait get a good at get
this angle on it come hold it right here
uh-huh
and that is today just hold it don't
tell me I'm not like a cool and a good
satisfied how about this okay so it's so
satisfying the other friends I complete
them okay so promise it's ghost I think
it is I think so easily name in
satisfying would be the bird so it was a
person place or thing in that phrase
okay so it's so satisfying I don't know
I could be totally wrong
so Coriana anything your my thing go
open the mail okay so I'm shutting the
camera off because I can't watch anymore
slime oh it's so says by killing put
enhance we did with blue Smurf at right
here
all right can I get off my fingers what
am i oh you did not
don't please please my sister's flying
on my arm so what is that they said
right cuz we're in it all down inflation
oh don't get the BlackBerry well if
there's a boo-boo
don't ruin the whole flower there that's
one no way
she's gasps hey so this is over guys
yeah it's a really cute little shirt
little justice shit should we like them
you like the lion usual I think you
should wear tomorrow - Oh goodnight
respected I mean it has these cute
little bows on it and then I had Jojo
peep at haters okay
wearing her well with purple short I
love it and Reggie's wrong I love it so
cute oh I got these are different so
today we have a choice as I haven't I
mean that floor bed though I think we
did I know and no no nope
all right can I move up can I judge oh
this just ended okay
well we had a great time visiting
musically headquarters today amazing it
was so cool
we had a great time doing me on
Hollywood today doing this is possible
if your day for some time what are you
doing I got a young Hollywood we hit
something else getting in we terrier so
every day no no no if you don't know
what we did is go google it hang out
you're missing out everyone go what we
dine at one - super - you may have some
little future coming up and the hair
song how about the song hope is not
every other should travel can come up
with one the song quote is it's going to
be they can imitate you but they can't
duplicate you do I love that and you got
a talking us rounds now the drawn song
oh they can and let stage you but they
can duplicate
cuz you guys don't do that show what you
gotta watch you guys you had that
buh-buh-buh-buh I would say you
definitely got something special Jojo
very specialist me for a mom mmm
all right good night good I guess be
nice that
