hi hey oh you flipped upside down on me
a little bit one house good day y'all
good idea yes sir
look at this I literally said I bet
there's a thousand people a day Yahoo
right now I didn't give any a little
warning and I was kinda like hey you
guys you guys literally doesn't happen
really right now we're in the studio I
can't really tell you what we're in the
studio for well technically look at this
is a recording studio but clearly we're
filming something today I can't tell you
what we're doing today but it's
something really really cool and I know
you guys are gonna love it when it
happens why we can't go to hot arrows
what's this
Ellie hi oh I like your hair that's
really cute hey hey hey Lilly's so many
people once said today when literally
it's a shoot with just me there's so
many people event today we are doing
something for what my new songs I guess
technically is what you could say it's
not exactly for a new song but it is
bronies I don't really know what I'm
saying right now it is for a new song
but it's also too like more than for
just a song so what interval Courtney's
you know we're making it look like we're
recording my song there's one of them
that I did with Jeannie and Matt you
guys know Jeannie and ran through and so
I actually have to teach myself this
song that I'm doing right now on the
piano oh hi Ellie just want Ellie wasn't
more airtime
yeah so I had to do something on the
piano and it's actually been going
really great
I would only watch so I'm setting this
actually where they do like the
auditions and stuff em tour them record
it like they record the sponge about
voiceovers here but so they have the
auditions here and I think this little
girls here for an audition but she's so
good she has a Georgia bar and she saw
me and she started crying let's go say
either oh you found me I didn't think
you saw me hi what's your name
and I hear of an audition oh you're here
with yours is on your sister
good luck I hope you get it but of all
you get it sorry I'm not I'm not playing
favorites
I just you know yeah I it was nice to
meet you I gotta go get back to work but
it was nice to meet you so sweet
bye I love it when I see people worried
their judge over it so you're just like
she's not happy like see you later like
oh it's just great I love it oh my god
yes yes yes look at this outfit I always
have no idea like why didn't even look
at it fits it wait one more wardrobe
change back into what I was wearing
earlier this morning we actually right
out of advisor who's following me we're
leaving right never guys I gotta look at
the darkness before man I gotta get in
your is alive one hour later I met the
orthodontist get my his lines in how's
it going are you really yeah
you wanna say hi this my residents face
people over there says it's okay game
and this one sex topics I'm getting new
in this lines new of his lines because
the other ones are fit how could you
explain that I'm getting new ones
because I need my teeth they keep moving
that's how you explain it yeah not good
I actually really like the orthodontist
it's so calming does it calm here to
work here all day it's like I just come
in here and I just feel so calm because
everyone's like so quiet and such and
then I come in and I ruin that all
doctors here are you gonna hate me
because if you read that thing right
there you might it's hard though I'm
working all day but I would be better I
would be better bourbon is Tommy oven
this is its first blog your honor you
gonna make a vlogging debut it's a great
thing yeah every day it's a great thing
to say nobody you serious oh he's
amazing and he fixed my teeth you saved
me I had braces they put these on my
alright on me and it was good job thank
you I'm leaving the office survive yeah
I'm not gonna strike
very modern outgoing person this cute
little shopping bag it says wearing
braces makes me happy you although I
like it misses 11 minutes later just
rings like somebody old memories like a
mile away from here you this is but dog
has a bone Bobo can I can I have your
bone can I can I have it
okay okay so my dog is we get hard on
her moaning I imagine to about the
regard right now I am very behind on
YouTube thumbnails think I don't know if
you've noticed or not but my blog ain't
I've been growing up super late at night
and be awesome you like my thumbnails
they're just like not nailing it because
like literally like when I put them up
I'm like oh I gotta get it up because
it's like 11:30 p.m. and I gotta get
this up before midnight and so just kind
of been like oh you know what let's just
like get it up get it up get it up quick
and then I just like frustrated so I'm
going to sit down and I'm not going to
get up until I make rice seven
thumbnails for the past seven vlogs and
I froze oh ah guess is about to please
my babies alright so down - oh dear wait
boy I kind of pull up my computer that's
what I'm working on right now but I was
like you know what I got half of what I
want to get done in like these next
three days done that sounds like you
know what it's break time I don't know
how I am literally about to play at
10:30 at night usually and to play at
like midnight 30 like literally every
night also do you know you love - movies
Invisalign okay where are something else
at hey where my thumbnails at where my
nails okay where my thumbnail back I'll
show you how to get once you alright
this is number one number two number
three and number four that last one is
on eyes you kinda how to make like a
quick little change you because like it
wasn't like optimized Anders and I was
like I did a kind of fridge not for us I
guess we could get my dog is Bobo can I
see you okay so story time with about JT
now or she's yeah bones and she was like
obsession that they were huge ok so then
I'm at Target I'm shopping with big and
I literally see this bone that she like
but it's like yeah but can I just see
your bone can I just see your bones
please let me see your phone I'm gonna
get it I'm gonna get it oh I'm gonna get
it I'll get it do you literally will not
let anyone have that vote if another dog
dies gonna get it ooh okay I imagine
some BS boobs look at these little
headphones on a shot like if this is not
busy that I don't know what is it it
matches my remote I am just fine alright
I'm about to go in some for tonight I am
literally I'm going to win tonight I've
never won an actual ground I've done
really good though I got like fifth and
I got third tonight I can feel it
tonight is my night guys this game is so
intense right now I haven't won a neat
sight chakra but I'm playing with my
brother right now hi brother Highbury
and playing with my brother Murray right
now what we do is so good that I am very
very very happy I have actually in fact
pretty much done the best every game out
of every one which I don't know why like
I'm that good but hey maybe there's
nothing good easy I've eluded and so
good tonight like every single round I
am like the longest getting one like
what oh my was that what's fun about
Eliza but I now got to go to bed because
I am very tired you're too much you are
too much you do what you know that you
know that literally so the boys do you
plan for tonight yeah all right I got
really called time to run I'm gonna be
going in the night tonight that it's
olive happy they thank you so much Roger
doesn't block it out
