oh don't get it dirty may go all the
dust let's all the wood
Oh guys oh god kids you don't understand
what that was it's my breakfast um your
morning Robin and you're getting ready
anyway I'm making myself some cereal for
breakfast because I am four minutes
ahead of schedule so I get to take some
four minutes and they can register but
that was with allowing me an hour to get
ready and it takes like 20 minutes and
my hair too is art it's a little to
correct them I'm pretty far ahead of
schedule
I've always only have these this cereal
like play myself I've never had a milk I
know I'm going to try it it's like a
healthy cereal though kind of yeah
there for me yeah looks a lot and water
coming again from God shopping with you
a lot like dick it is you want to have a
guy like shopping like the alley wait
what do you want to go shopping it yo
call boo
we just got here and my mother and I
have this tradition because if you don't
know we come to these offices a lot but
we always Park on the rooftop it's a
calling in some eschew but you're in
front of the shop because it's a risk
preview it's just our spot and also no
one really barge love your so it's great
okay
please just come here and just under the
time once the cool it is dancing big
necklace but my hair tonic and chair
because you think
I couldn't imagine all he wouldn't tell
me right so today I dig a little bit in
this commercial with this junk could you
imagine how you know I could it speaking
I'll give it to you later because it's a
big envelope yeah get out this is
missing clove a double chin here because
every time you go back oh we're ready
okay Deb time for me we finish in
Nickelodeon's yeah I want to get some
food
we're hungry what would right go and get
some mac and cheese oh you honor
okay well at this point if you wait for
hordes of eivol for disability as you
guys take the van out of the do I go oh
you just held you guys oh she don't put
the bed back you sister but we get these
days and the plates really cool do much
it's like queries on probably like
pre-made look yeah okay so they're the
best thing at the restaurant and look at
what this thing is all painted from my
side you get the chocolate eating off a
compromise between I and look at it it's
a this ball thing is Oreo crush thick
coating on the outside of ice cream
it really is it's unbelievable
as a disclaimer you stopped eating our
lunch midway through because we were
like oh look at those Mario Hall but now
we're not how are you John you had to
brush your teeth when you get there but
so we're just going to enjoy these Oreo
ice cream places
I changed that got blue with musically
with shorts and would socks and Yeezys
hi feel like that mantra
I'm writing as well yes that's cool she
feels good about the cheesy enough like
two minutes away from the orthodontist
and feel enormous is like two minutes
away from us but I'm glad guys so I'm
inside you wanted arms because questions
appeared so give you some people here
ask you know this is actually really
cool
it is really nice really like interest
every time they call me Emily it's
actually a really nice we're really
lucky to about yeah I found it Thank You
Google but I really yes I got the
Internet we're in a park arm
I'm here with Slade I'm a bad guy
actually there's I just look at Mike and
why but we're we're gonna make some
videos we're doing blindfolded flying
challenge Rebekah's yeah me I did this
new thing where I just do slime all with
my hands I mix up my hands I glue in my
no weight at all in my hands so I have
the advantage because I'm good at that
and then we're doing some Oobleck thing
of mine yeah well it looks like this
prick will photo subscribe subscribe
came in to 500k if you subscribe you get
off the floor this is big man
otherwise that you don't even have to
eat it just stick this leaf in your
mouth and they will also guide you I
said all in my mouth and I'm pedis
don't but you had to put it any mouth
and then you have to fill out like this
just you know i'm i'm getting prepped up
for the video so I'm gonna have you do
something else okay one two three
Oh
whoa how do you feel terrible
oh it just tastes like dirt the leaf
Fridays are that and then the dirt pride
case of bad actually just their links to
here you know Zubat you know you don't
do it on that probably why do you want
to blame him because our dog dog see
like that's just like Matt thank you for
doing that now we're gonna color so gay
back
we just finished both veg on the book
was like a super massive literally um so
he's cleaning off back all right now I'm
over here getting it as much dry off my
legs as possible how about white morning
yeah do is add your PI amazing you think
a lot of the cheese out no laughing a
little vitamin he's in trouble she dint
blog at a contributor nails on Raza man
Rebecca Chevron one day
okay Joe yeah did with like a map undo
it oh my god that shoes off slap did it
good like self-fund work here thank you
while
hey Jojo come here real quick you need
to pee I parked by the bathroom we're
going to play yeah
really really I parked right by the
ladies room Oh God
faster you're gross like I'm on another
top-secret thing we can't show wishing
each other so much secret I can show you
what it is activated JoJo's you a
schedule you can't see what I'm doing
though that if when you're gonna love it
I can tell you what I already did an
enacting lesson on the 19th okay that I
got acting lesson on the 26 I can tell
you that I'm getting
I had waste lesson on the force since no
but there's actually really cool lots of
big stays on this space
guess what it's what we did oughta done
subscribers oh that's amazing
that's right and guess what our videos
enough nine hours get somebody to have
50k 93k ah yeah it's a long I want you
stop thank you though and our hard drive
is going nuts right now about okay I
mean I'm about to make s'mores right now
I'm making as a whole especially the
borax solution so I can just call it
first with water so cuz come easy yeah
you gotta be sick with the borax so I
just you just not supposed to touch work
other than that the only thing that I'm
gonna be using is going in shaving cream
because I will make 45 so I also
obviously if you're supposed to do the
same thing with the water with the glue
so my turn out really dead or what make
sure not really good okay so I'm at I'm
doing this I want to make a lot of slime
so I'm adding a lot of glue oh and this
is like a big bowl too so it's like
really full I got a lot of shaping grid
too and it just shows that is vine I
mixed it all together and it's going to
hi Felix mom
yeah no it's really good so this is
actually turned out pretty good it's
just a little chunky but I'm okay with
that because that should just like
naturally come out and I did sort of
color to that it was solid white but my
mom is over here what are you doing
Mikey Mikey here
she's crafting so I'm going to Canada
change the blogs she's tried on I'm
gonna end the vlog you torch over to her
and let her do you imagine ooh we're
busy so man I'm like a magician short
let me get dessert
that's kid will shirt on a big fat
t-shirt musically once the too short no
you need it so let me get the kids thank
you alright okay because that's where
you always have our the other one who
maintains like a jean it doesn't that's
not a shirt so we got it we gotta treat
like a vest album alright okay so I have
a lot of really cute sequent hard some
cupcakes she's probably gonna get slime
on my jacket that I'm making but here we
go I got like some bone I still learned
a pastor up pasture up I have these I
didn't really good when we were patched
shopping actually those I'm not going to
anything with bread so I'm gonna get all
the Reds and the black out of here
probably not but yeah maybe be on a kind
of machine y'all show you have a
question are you making this Arum I'm
making because if I'm making this I will
make all the final decisions
slimy girl sorry Stevie so right now I'm
just separating the patches on two piles
and trying to like get all the reds and
the blacks and Silver's away from the
Pink's in the green suppose as I do
really he didn't look like that so
exactly okay here's my beautiful jacket
I haven't glued the patches down yet but
I'm going to glue them down and make it
super cute and here's like sublime
master over here it turned out so good
look at this lime ended up over here on
the cupboard I tried to FaceTime my
friends to show them it right now
holiness I mean that's amazing why is it
why is like the new thing right fine
tonight I said maybe in color
yeah I like it what it looks like I like
more
melot I would do that I love it oh it's
really gooey that's the goal
kind of funny song okay I won't do this
ready for it let's help goodness it up I
messed it up and esta la jolla
okay wait for it I ready for it
all right uh-huh oh just that is right
it's so random time I'm doing your
seminar yellow sticky oh it's nice and
sticky not again
yeah I Drive I was all right I gotta go
work amazing Thomas really
but everything he makes in five mile rd
like this yeah we're already dirty
yeah so checking in on the Slimer over
here
this is honestly like it's directed
essays right it's good first skipper and
it's good for this and I've always
wanted to bid this is like the second
Gordon X I get slides on it
food so I'm gonna go buy this stuff
second fine even though I made the first
on the team and then I was able to do
this um but wait for it wait for it wait
for it so satisfying so fat you know
what before I'm going to get you a
really good shot you on ready mm-hmm
look for it wait for it
Oh
oh don't get it dirty Big O all the dust
of all the wood oh gosh oh gosh okay I
gotta get back to work either go back to
it like my business over here I mean so
cute yeah okay that's not that much more
satisfying that huge jacket or that ball
of slime oh I don't get good was your
jacket appeal to my me like you're get
strike hordes maggot is
okay I'm cutting you off so now time
around two of the slide and points of
glue in right now it was really
difficult but I'm doing blue down same
thing but blue I mean still playing with
line I'll be at red we'll show them the
blue one I mean I need like a chewing
gum and I need a 7 it's like so much
watch it I'm just busy to the heavy arm
workout
yeah I should see your eyes tears
amazing I just tuck this bottoms are
dirty so Oh
matches your bow one of these ten
percent of your held this game okay
we're fine later I got to go do work for
judge immediately all right we got the
best work could be over there but this
is your final I'll show you actually
I'll shake but this is the last of the
tonight's line I ended up mixing do blue
in the white together because I wanted
to and I made some it's great and then I
just saved this pickle because like why
not first responders will save it
anyways I'm going to shower get going
bed because I got a date tomorrow not
living everyday just today um I got weed
a rehearsal in the morning I guess
musically I got Hollywood what's the
core mo
what's the press tomorrow called no
Hollywood live
Deauville excuse you alright guys time
for a song cool today is my day my day
song quilt sound good is Bobo what is it
oh oh what a lot happen to me today just
your whole body the bark it's really
funny I mean like EF kid what excuse you
I am NOT a jungle gym which shows me to
play with everything I gotta wrap this
up um a sound Club today is going to be
Bobo's favorite song I really care about
what today I would come back like a
boomerang
I bow bow say peace out
she's too busy trying to eat my fingers
- bye guys love you Padre get out last
update
