hey general good morning buh buh-buh-buh
what do you want it wasn't breakfast a
morning all right well here's the
aftermath of our candy challenge so we
didn't finish finish because we were too
tired but we're going to finish it we
got some good can date and here's my
favorite daughter editing YouTube videos
working away playing away working away
working away ten thousand digging ten
thousand tickets I think we should do a
challenge at Chuck E Cheese me and you I
want to believe in the Austrian chef
I'll do that with you can only be
trusted create holes like kids yeah
maybe when your dad and brother come out
here one time we could do like a family
to get challenged oh we all like to
order really is okay we still
her sticky notes up but I did take a few
more down quick we had we had some
English muffins for breakfast you know
I'm cleaning up I made some blueberry
muffins for breakfast they were pretty
good we like those and we're doing some
laundry we're just kind of getting
moving pretty slow here on this Sunday
yeah Joe's ready
how kind of a struggle and if you notice
I haven't shown my face yet that means I
don't have hair makeup done so this is
great how would you jump out hey hey all
right love you guys we're going to go
see what's going to happen later
deception I think we're going to go to
Claire's
maybe go get some lunch over here I
would like to go to the alley but I
think that's gonna have to wait till
later this week we're going to go do a
funny Tiger Beat snapchat takeover with
Hayden all right well I still have to
edit yesterday's vlog hello Bobo but I
finished editing today's vlog no I
finished editing today's video for my
main channel I don't know what I'm
saying but my voice is totally like that
anyways today hold on but first I need
to put whatever way this is no it just
looks like two dowels to off the
swimsuit I don't know whatever it is put
away these pillows turn this leg on and
all right we're back at the Americana
again which is good we're going to hate
it because we're doing he's taking over
to Tiger Beat snapchat and so we're
going to go I'm ready like you go what
the calls we're going to go to Claire's
she's going to sell you the tire beat
it's gonna be a whole thing and then
we're going to launch to an update on my
voice it's just not good my voice is
just going downhill is really struggle
my voice is just stay on quiet neurons
judges nice well I just my voice is duty
vast naturally my best friend today and
she was one of my best friends as you're
like man you're feeling better and I go
yeah I just my voice isn't nailing yet
which is like actually I really love
your voice can I please have it and I
was like
oh well it's really deep
so Cheesecake Factory had a really long
wait so now we're going to Red Robin
LS
a judge about yours better with the
judge over both filling stuff in
Claire's pregnant a lot of things pretty
good for Mother's Day hope they take
Patty's Day still that to those we were
I don't think a lot of eggs were just
good it should just use mine I'm here
with local I'll ask you so I was at
players obviously but we went shopping
did it get anything Hayden got something
I've always got a bracelet but then my
mom like the golden I like the silver so
I was like there's not many ways I don't
feel like it
so now because I just got a bracelet to
yesterday so yes I just you know I just
wasn't I wasn't doing I'm gonna save I
like this bracelet but if I like this
place where I'm gonna get myself
especially if you could do that for my
birthday yeah there we go oh and so now
we are going to Walmart Target around
into a minute honey okay and she waits
what we wanted no woman yeah she watched
eyelashes eyelash glue eggs water like
little drink little quick snacks like a
little um and then I want shaving cream
so I give me slack fluffy slide
I got you though the lookers in the
fluffy farm before I guess I know what I
got up so I can get a bit letting you
know that I can get what I all need baby
up if you like life
she thinks I'm lying she thinks I'm
lying
she thinks I'm lying well when you go to
mama
I think I'm lying she thinks I'm lying
he thinks I'm lying this is one of them
it's me wait wait I won't get one even
though we haven't I just want to get one
so I can say that I bought the stove on
one look at is me I have a question for
you you recognize her is that kind of
funny yeah did we thank you holy me you
recognize her
you recognize
anyone you recognize ER all right
I have a question for you you do you
recognize her yeah I have a question you
recognize her thank you
I wonder why you recognize her Rana
hello Lauren yelled again look buggered
I mean we got the same name we got the
same right we got to say brain we got
the same organs we're maybe the same
person
Wow I just I just died of everything
myself but I didn't because the front
one Govi possibly cool
found myself at Walmart mom who daughter
has a social very Walmart pretty cool
thing I have to us all again now that's
a good thing that happened here cool I
was very good okay definitely the best
thing that happens at all yeah we loved
we needed that we needed that it was a
good little now we got to get some
liquid starch to makes wine went back
home and I didn't tell you guys this but
for yesterday's vlog my voice is so -
but for yesterday's vlog we were
supposed to don't say don't say we were
supposed to do some candy thing and then
my laptop was being terrible this
morning and it didn't give me enough
space do it and I just didn't have the
time and I just had to go like everybody
because like the next five minutes I was
like oh guys get do it and get it done
so I'm trying to figure out why I'm
trying to put get storage on my computer
by just deleting things that's fun too
and I know what are you doing mom
if someone in the trash not very Oh Gert
oh good it's a favorite whale the fly is
editing and using the moaning in vain
granted the greatest thing I happened
today was I saw myself at Walmart and
you know not only it doubles its soluble
the devil has stick okay if you're a
purse on quote it's my day for a song
okay
when you're walking through Walmart and
see a poster and your face is on it it's
a great day
not a clue I was my new socks with a
beta okay
my son Chloe is gonna be a neck let me
think about the time every day to me
what I have to talk with us we'll be
back leave it on um your boys going on I
can sit clearly now or the parade in
this gone that's mine
I'm sorry honey oh yeah about some of
the wrong words good I could say what
was what was the song be that we would
both know let's do a tribute to Michael
Jackson tonight so we don't just we can
the item and remember the moment that
that would not be good we nicked it yeah
so let's do a tribute to
these bubbles that really hurt why did
they have to be some book why can't they
be like cuz it's all okay I have a
really good sound cook okay let's let
you make it so let's make it rock get
everybody and nobody's perfect
