okay general what it what we're lucky
you don't have to wear a lot of makeup
because that's nice when your skin stays
clean and healthy I don't know why also
I would miss consisted so going back out
here to my outfit that I need to work on
and it looks like I got some patches
here from Jojo that I can stick on it
only a few patches Bobo what are you up
to today just going to hang out with in
the Sun yes my beautiful cutout of Jojo
at hgr sent me and you know what that's
pretty much it I think we're going to go
eat some breakfast and get ready for the
day live editing I have a dog I'm here
and she keeps barking at the doughnut
box and so I decided to just get real
hold ona and we're gonna do it you can
do it
okay so okay so okay so okay okay yeah
yeah okay so for about give the one at
the Sullivan place I got this one with
the pita and I should be wearing a scary
that when I came to she changed
insurance because she was uncomfortable
I mean who did it adios I don't care so
maybe we'll go shopping later this is
right by the American high school area
there you go like this we're going to go
to the Americana
hey JJ I'm skater I promise you better I
mean this is blogging 101 with Jojo
now we start the event started an hour
for lower than it started
Oh tickity to her we're going to take it
to do a backyard part of it because they
have a package it's a mystery package we
don't know who it's from
so we're going to go in our mr. Pakman
show if I'm allowed to show you what it
is I will show you what it is not
straight yes sure sure the right oh look
at you can enter bicycles yeah that's
what those people are on we should do
that we should we should drive up to the
event one can me going 91 degrees out of
it so the mystery box is this giant box
and yesterday or the day before I'm
getting out so it's gonna be shaky
I ordered giant candy so depending on
how we feel tonight you might get to see
us eat and unbox and open this giant
candy was not broken my Fuhrer sucker is
bad
otherwise you'll see it's Marco
they've got ready I feel like I'm gonna
be the most trust everyone did you not
just be walking in you're like oh
melody of that was great
how does my voice just like change like
that beginning of that uh terrible um
the event wasn't responding only China
popsicle
we try to popsicle my voice is gone
you're going to need to put it in my
room
yeah they get you guys a little weird
aside ask where we stop and there's tons
yeah alright effec got that I'll figure
it out I mean that was good though just
wasn't like a good time so it's like go
do all things so we get it to requite on
to Riverside Drive and turn left to
merge onto C 134 West thank you oh yes
we're taking the bathroom apparently get
me slow down we're going to litter
winter whatever in the winter but hate
it
could use at the event to request
emergency 130 far west so we're not
where that's not happening
thank you no I mean no I will be engaged
letters there up she has cut off her pay
versus they have iris back after
national hello would you like to come
dine in or take out their attitudes and
levels looks like another a lot of great
turnout I guess they are on how may I
help you
911 what's your emergency alright car
after they are recording a blue light
oak and mostly positive them right now
you need a fire ambulance or police oh
it's really that good said whatever
would help okay okay so that's the
status on our candy we this is the
status of our life we were tired we ate
and now we're tired
so we're going to finish Katie tomorrow
good night star quo is going to be some
obvious ha it was hot today uh you're
saying it to the haters if I was you I'd
wanna be me too
I wanna be me take I wanna baby yeah I
can remember
ah
hello guys he's out I love you
