that was so scary
good morning morning I woke up a little
bit of good i watch like psy up those
degrees
actually mom guess what time I woke up
today yes 6:30 yeah cuz I slept all day
yesterday so I just like but I feel a
little bit better not not better but
moving in the better direction like not
good but getting there and we trying to
get up though it's just like so my head
feels like anyway madre ordered would
you order agency for bob shorter but
you're gay okay go eat what's on the
agenda for today if we're gonna film in
the room okay I got stuff we write it
right there but so and then I gotta be
some school I got like I don't know but
something's gonna happen today someone
fun I know what's gonna happen something
Goods gonna happen today high school
really what are you doing roll this
shirt nothing better the Roman camp all
right Bobo has a haircut I'm hair cut
low so soft shoes I like her hair is
like magic tangley you don't have to I
don't get here in our eyes what Lynn
hands I know it's like because it's not
so long it's like soft thank you okay so
today we're going to kind of work on
that little corner in JoJo's room over
there yeah we're here to the words chair
and we got some cute new stuff we're
gonna like work on it it's gonna be
exciting
great yeah you don't hide advantage in
the way you check over hair and make
sure and I think it's like a cue to me
as I yeah yeah all right now I'm going
to go get ready so I can be in the
hallway it's been a little bit of a
crazy morning today trying to get ready
and trying to manage some phone calls
and some drama that's happening but
we're ready now turning lights on it's
about 2 o'clock make some lunch or order
something up but I have the stuff I want
to put in JoJo's room I have that too
and then we got some more boxes what we
got some more boxes and we're going to
open those I also like cleaning out our
kitchen covers and getting rid of all of
the Easter junk
oh I'm coming I should mix with what
should I make traveling game you're
hungry okay
hello mess yeah I could eat this was 2
o'clock
I finally dressed and showered and ready
as I feel I have any changes I shared
like 30 days um yo school at 4 o'clock
so the ideal just have to deal with it
it's okay you should shower and I'm like
come on I don't think I'm going to
school with him for that long today
because to see much well I got one of my
best for today done yesterday
I'm showing everyone all the madness our
house is like a madhouse right now
yes madhouse the good news is is we have
the whole day off we have a world cutest
dog and I'm going to go out shopping in
a little bit
hi doggies a healthy dog she loves your
if I want to get a little thing for over
there you want to go with me or no I
watch a lot for one oh I want my dog
alone inside of it Luxor one we had a
lovely package but it's now tucked away
in the closet okay Jojo leave your shoes
on the floor scrappy-doo is in the
closet you're scrappy do you wanna see
this cool yeah besides I'm also skinny I
didn't we got nothing I got a few do I
need to ship that stuff to that girl
yeah and you maybe get rid of your 87
water bottle okay I'm gonna go out and
organize a little bit and make some
lunch
well I have coconut oil I'm holding it
for you just did rush I have vegetables
broccoli snow peas and carrots and I
have beef
thank you I was going to use chicken
with Georgia wanted beef go gosh you're
like IPM is really important
okay Oh James said a little bit of this
goes a long way okay I'm having that
hack you didn't sizzle or anything okay
let that do okay okay I have this really
big
I don't know I never saw so we'll try
that was like real legit all right this
is what we always do right here what did
you do I put it in the pan with the
coconut oil what what okay now we're
going to just start babies for a little
bit and let them cook to 26 once is made
right vegetables beef mushrooms
mushrooms it doesn't like those crunchy
noodles I boil it away it shouldn't
really like a regular I mean doesn't
look the carbs so it's actually probably
a good thing but anyways I'm helping you
to puppet your own Milonakis owing
lender stuff healthy eater healthy
cooker here we go time for lunch
hi we are going to put this stuff in
George's room I ordered it for her um
yeah now okay this is the first
observation yeah no she is jewel first
opening this beautiful box I ordered for
Jojo for her bedroom because I have a
really cool chair and mirror and she
always likes to get ready in my room so
I was like let me just order one for you
since they are beautiful paper on the
wall that Jojo did for us do you need me
to help you thank you it's cute enough
fluff it up hurry up alone I like it
you're gonna like it for a little bit
and then we'll be on the lookout for
like maybe like a white one or a blue
let's forget the mirror yeah well it's
better just a proof of our bad luck this
is not today is not our day we open the
meow it's great it actually took us a
long time
cracked for those of you that don't know
cracker is very bad luck so so I don't
we can do to a third trip use violence
wall oh wow so that's just gonna cure
you that it's creamier and well failure
now I can give it a go change but what
you want yeah I mean when you're no fit
through the doorway and you have to use
sick heart River foe or then you go
through the doorway and all the stuff
falls out life with Joe Joe
I know much didn't happen today oh that
was scary that was a good show
scary literally it was terrifying
um a few interesting thing is half a dog
camera that we can't tell you about
school did school there's law mass that
was good song quote though with your day
on Paul
anyway Wow I had a real heart pump of my
hand
okay I like lucky for you that's what I
like
that's why L should go dishes so that my
phone was going to be what about you
nothing like well I reload it me to go
to this is here to give a little better
clothes yeah yeah Mike um sure it
doesn't matter baby
could you were born this way okay this
is the longest poop we have of the law
okay really good beautiful song I think
it's like right around Christmas
anniversary of his passing okay so let's
do baby on the star looks legit too baby
you're a star because everyone's a star
on their own life mm yes you do start
your own life baby I'm star start our
life the got a man on the nation of
print and Nia
that's gonna be my quote for the day
yeah I'll take it alright I got really
big job guys know
