Oh
Thank You Jada you know Gina what your
follow version everything is geo phaser
it is now warning and that was my cousin
I require this was pretty cuz I don't
feel I feel like I have a fever and my
throat is so me
so source be doing YouTube use going
after Fred Becker when I don't like you
because I want to get one thing else
again two bastards
like this is actually the worst time to
because I am starting to have rehearsal
soon so happy I'm literally the worst
heart today
my mom's been away for a while actually
when you get your reaction we just have
you been outside your door yet since
last night
well you're going to open it yep dry
your snake spreads number one that was
in case you came out last night no
listen was of a playground that was in
case you came out last night I would
hear you Edie true does blanket covered
so you would have read obligate extra
seconds I go back to bed no were you
meeting me ajaita what can open the door
oh so hot I'd all right and I was like
because I had to turn off the air cuz
the fair was blowing too much oh all
right I like doing your you know that's
identity over Val there's our crazy
that's the only other corner what I know
that's our gear off because they were
all coming off that so you know I know
which we take one doubt for every day we
survive on the Geoghan yeah I get my
favorite Jay Tokyo vote my favorite in
the world let's see okay what girl kids
ever know Jada came over last night
uh-huh and we stayed awake till like
1:00 doing this I hope we were going to
do the whole room yeah for you for me we
were going to do a the whole apartment
Oh but we got at was like Nanda this is
good
and we started off doing like the
straight wires like that never like too
much was working so we this did that
like I want my new light makes that
curtain into my rotation I just wanna go
up here just don't worry like I'm back
in college I'm going to publish good
case I have bad news to tell you of what
77 degrees here oh my god it's really on
oh I've never talked like nervous you
know I'm hot it's like killer hi
yeah 77 degrees here but I can't breathe
I thought I had to because the air is
about blah
yeah yeah sorry bad news for you
what like I'm sick really yeah let's not
do anything today yeah yeah I'll step
off figure it out is on okay deal no I
like woke up and my throat I told you it
felt like it has a hole in it
no never come out why would I do that
now to me my head feels hot how's it
feel talk to you well it's hot no not a
god like no okay good
and I just feel like living walking pile
of six ball pile of a monkey - yeah I
mean back to bed I'm going to go back to
bed I'm gonna text everyone
and so I'm such a doll yeah I feel bad
because I wanted to see all that we're
going to do videos but Claire's just
sent us a whole bunch of cute bows and
how much of fun birthday stuff and they
also just sent us I find it in here the
youth Mother's Day necklaces and you
guys can get these for your mom or if
you're a mom you can get it for your
daughter because this is what Jojo and I
say to each other we say I love you and
then the next person says I love you
more if you can see I love you more so
the first person says love you
the next person love you more
and then it's on the front and on the
back so they both say both but they're
really cute
and that's Jojo and mines can trace this
is how much Jojo loves school I never
even when she's sick she still does
school and and I uploaded yesterday's I
mean one word when you need can you
switch em this is how much Bobo loves
bows it's just there to - I sure i I
just want you just you know them and I
much for right there's got to be 25 but
out of 17 that I've done already
uh-huh I got a hundred personal amazing
here's this minor we have you know how
to sell the humerus humerus beautiful
yeah eating complete next toys
beautiful amazing thank you
I'm going to get home percent on this I
have no doubts yeah so like I need to
get up and moving I've been laying in
bed all day I wasn't trying enough and
I'm doing pretty good doing really good
we decided to turn our house into a dojo
factory because the pinyon California
now also sticky notes for looks really
cute like this so I'll tell you yet
but the same California this dog is way
too cute
what what is she Bella up and moving
your mommy did a lot this is the daily
cuteness it has a handle trying to bite
my fingers shook you do that so dope she
started from but as I was saying I need
yep everything and so resented she was
like we're going to walk down people
want to take this big box trash out but
instead of doing that I came out and
she's turning the house into a Jojo
factory so I decided to help her and we
lay it out literally every single bow
that I have like it's like the company
sends me bows like Claire's will send me
those but people who make those har
they'll send me those and so then I can
like have like if I have a friend over
and they're like oh do you have any bows
I can give them about so they send me
goes and look at this there's that
there's that and over here there's the
cards and all the accessories literally
so much I not expect this I'm going to
show you guys some ones at all so we got
a lot of these best Evo's that's really
cute
this is a new birthday bow I love that
we got the boomerang though I'm a lot of
neon things I like this boat too
we got more bestie bows I can't show you
that because it's the new card so I'm
not allowed to show you that but I
and kind of like given by everything I
can't show you that because it's a new
card but like we have a ton of these
little birthday collections we got the
like little birthday charm what else we
got a lot of these are the new Mother's
Day necklaces so you can get one for you
and one for your mom and it sends love
you more love you more so yeah they're
really cute it should be oh wait the
backside of it is right so it says we
love you and then love you more but it's
like reversible so yeah I'm sorry I
dropped my camera
um but yeah so we created my house into
a little small Georgia Factory and it's
also sticky note factory so my school
teachers can be like what happened here
what exploded in this household
oh but Phineas well I need to get back
to doing school because I was on a roll
and my mom had to come get up some go
back to school because I want to go back
into bed because she's in bed right now
on a phone call see how our onions doing
it's getting dry second the bad germs
it's a Nebraska thing but actually it
does work it makes me feel way better
hello
she likes okay
Oh popo's talk to Assad stop I did you
talk she's so cute I love her so much
buh buh should we do some spelling we
got I did I got done with myself
understand on it we should do some
language arts you have this one language
eyes but what's to language I wasn't
good to the lecture this is funny so
it's like kind of like a lull review
that I'm doing right now and it's not in
focus I know when I could care less
um edits on the hominis and it says she
ate ate hot dogs like I had to select or
gender this but she ate a hot dog
eight eight eight six eight like I'm my
mom and eight like boy plus four equals
eight
she ate a hotdog is weirdness go you
think so Jojo got a package in the mail
I just flipped the Cape for Joan okay go
to sleep but I don't open it
dude I just cut the tape don't want to
yeah I don't think you need to I think
your guess I could you guys it looks
like some posters nice you see the milk
enjoy each leg dance
they already taking they're all eat
sleep damn it's like damned
yeah yeah yeah good file hey I know that
girl
all right oh it's cute though it's my
favorite girls smile and know it I mean
where's me hang it in your room or in my
room oh wait
looks like one of them is mine thanks
liquor all right go back to sleep now
we're about to go to bed get some sleep
Michael inventing some juice 806 at the
first a ho six if I could have been not
focusing on that but that's okay we have
some sticky notes up yet the prank is
still going on you know some bows to
mail out or family and friends I cleaned
up that area of the bows pets and
popcorn was watching a little shark tank
in the judges left and now I'm going to
vlog georgia-style with my arm out here
ha of animals tough angles all to my
face well um see these boxes tomorrow I
order some new things for JoJo's really
human if she feels that her I like bad
we're going to open them and put them
together and have some fun so hopefully
she feels better and it's going to be a
good day I've got a horse throughout the
day you when you vlog someone else you
can flip it down suppose you get from
like here down hey my vlogging skills
are pretty good
and I need to just for the day sometimes
when you're sick it's going to be a song
verbal presence all right guys I thought
we were done song cool okay oh it
doesn't have to be a thought no we said
it doesn't have to be on sometimes when
they're sick only means you'll get
you're getting better room and you'll be
nothing but it just means nothing is
really better is real for you to get
better okay it up must go down what goes
down must go up okay
that can be a good thing or a bad thing
when you're saying we'll go down make
them up ah I might get goes in my quote
of the day is Jo Jo's not feeling good
but I know she'll be better tomorrow
oh honey on it yeah no please don't
I feel okay maybe the crystals in the
apartment all right that's close take a
towel the bed or something yeah how
about a bit of tolerable somebody really
your stomach hurts that bad
yeah we're not having a good day guys
oh no not a good day all right wish it
was good tomorrow's a new day
that's not bad days a bad day no I did
you I'm on my way
yeah she did get me lots of she knows
everywhere every on that wall that was
our Genoa all right peace out I love you
guys my guys peace lovin Jace world
