so great news my Nintendo such broke
it's really vicious yen really that 954
to ACOG is early and I watched YouTube
for about 15 minutes
yes I am I still have to upload
yesterday's vlog which takes my comments
because I already edited and hidden
everything I had to do JoJo's juice
my dog is getting a haircut
um what else happened today what are we
doing tonight mom boy is Cynthia today
so he is acting cool
okay sound good um she just ordered us
some breakfast
I don't know what she ordered let's go I
know I don't do it or your orders
boletos my voice my voice I'm so happy
I'd love to but nobody's voice is like
really wrong like a bad in your honesty
kind of get agenda for today there's
only one son he left and I call it
Dominus can we go finish uploading yes
in log see my computer charger I don't
feel like going to get it
never mind on that okay so before I head
her off this is a before I mean she
looks prettiest gruffy like she is very
fluffy right now so I'm gonna figure the
average students ice TV after I'm
chilling in here playing my racing game
on my Nintendo switch I got to continue
my Madre is over there getting ready
good ready little degree on her makeup
but I just got served which is actually
pretty good
my hand is what was Mike I'm sorry for
that I just got started which is pretty
good for me I will take it what we gonna
leave mom and it's 12:06 all that trash
that's all for like one time actually
wait for like 15 minutes away to the car
we're gonna be like three minutes early
oh yeah so whoa whoa got a haircut and I
started this bean out saying so this is
the appetizer this is the aftermath um
getting 90% of our hair removed and
judges about to do some school on our
laptop and should give you this next Mac
and that's it so we'll be back later
wait you're gonna breakfast bar for
lunch nice
my favorite myth says I want to be early
makes a plate so you thought it was that
- it's okay it's okay mistakes happen
she thought it was that - and it's
apparently outworn
so we're going I do
you wanted to leave that one can you
didn't know it was that one then we get
out of the apartment buddy elevating she
goes I left my phone I was to go back at
her phone
okay she ended up for me
come to Japan really look at yeah I mean
not the end of the world but associates
it's okay we still get in there on time
I'm trying to find in my phone but my
phone's just failing so pretty cuts
nowhere that looks like we're just going
to get there when we get there I am not
done with acting now I'm going to go
home I think it was good by the way
we're going home trying to make a quick
snack that's cool don't look like I have
a chemical yeah and she's a nice girl
a little better you're just one of so
I'm going to go this school thank you
thank you
car well not really that is not
oversized I'm going to go to school make
a snack that I only got to go for two
hours today which is good
I'm going to do more on my own my goal
is to finish this year a school very
fast
I already ended like May 19th May 18th
same day the season finale of grace but
I want to try to end before then so and
I just don't I'm just done
turn left George crazy what to this day
my last month meeting cookies Wow she
goes crazy after you finish this small
to school you'll be in high school right
I like that
I am editing JoJo's juice right now I am
trying to import the footage it's this
video and this one yeah these two um and
it's super easy it requires me to do
hero editing which is perfect so yeah
I'm about to edit your juice and then
we're going to go get our hair done
she's going to take me to the store so I
can do the thing and really need to go
to like a boarder with people like we'll
get it done if it doesn't happen only in
our house there is a pile of bows on the
floor I may have done that may or may
not have she's trying to get my
thumbnail guys
okay so my mom kind of knows what's up
she doesn't really but she knows that
she had to take me to the store because
I'm getting something I didn't say you
want but she's trying to make me tell
her and not go no because if I told you
it'd ruin it - right my favorite place
my mom's going to take over the vlogs
for the rest of the night so we're
taking our logs 6:15 taking over the
watch the rest of the night because she
hasn't used her camera at all today we
could go check out the tough month I
bought her a camera she's going to use
it we could go to the drag are we can go
find some tiger bees and you're gonna
want to be a good night together
Lawrence
yeah we're getting ones that drive our
Lea little early but they might be able
to take
kidding oh just kidding how is it but
you're just kidding no I'm not however
you think this is one of my favorite
lenses that's good
I look good with my wet hair I'm proud
of my wet hair
okay now okay say you guys saw it in a
slug like four seconds ago
okay just talk to Sally looks like a
second chance so now this will be in
soon schools will be forming around
three two one
I chaired I think it looks really good
your hair done so I was seeking because
this is the after on you yeah I was yeah
I could give it a spin we give us a spin
beautiful it looked really good skating
for Jojo
and this is my after this isn't with my
hair down how it looks really good is
beautiful girl is it looking really good
i priced i'm going to put it into photos
yellow because i ate my turned out i
don't know why but yeah it looks really
good
I'm proud of the girl who did it it
looks really good one thing you never
will see Jojo at least let me see it
with it down for one second yeah Jojo
for real Feroze like give me one second
come on Jojo so means so mean right now
Oh guys I can't even what this aquila I
just don't like my hair
you didn't even let me get it on the
blog I've got a mom
anything that ponytails really kisses
very cute as I went that's a good ponies
all this well I got my hair done and I
love that nylon I'm sorry
you looked really good
okay okay okay look at it this bookstore
Barnes and Noble okay
then we have one but look at George's
you all didn't see was on the car you go
borders only has the one that means
everyone came bought a Georgia see with
cover I mean okay we're gonna have to
buy that one then clearly these are
going to be hard to find I don't know
how many I got I mean that's 2006
402 that's 2400 plus X 1200 is 3600 plus
another 600 is 3 200 so I got 4200 taken
out you know oh I like I'm married I
really did just March what they have a
few Express what's that can go walk that
kind of a walk occasion strainer for
scooping food well there you go
no I like this what do you not like
coconut I'm sorry babe I don't know how
do you not know this thing
some new look at big like this look at
his mom let's get one it's a strainer
look at this it goes over the sink what
I got to show this to you hold on we did
this thing come here new strange
language down like that so it like goes
flat and then you can also pull it out
so it goes right everybody thinks I mean
I'm getting a walk and walked through
leaving me leaving me again I think the
shark ate her face - mom what I mean oh
I love that look really - Sandra never
want to target all combines Irene I mean
because Georgia she was on the cover
your nut so just do a cover of Tiger
Beat I mean wow but I love you
you're just a millisecond George how
long all you don't achieve and I mean
when Joe Joe's carrying your ironing
board for you
Jojo I told you that's not a surfboard
you're not going to be able to go
surfing with that
services USA so great news mine and
gender fish broke I put it on the
counter and it fell he came off but we
have the piece pieces right here just
need to glue it back on when you have a
broken the Tendo switch I'm going to be
routinely think resources no that's why
I wanted you to do it oh man Ahuh so
things like this thing then I'm going to
sit fix the actual frame let's just
start to see if it's in order be much
better about okay Oh
Nintendo okay wait Lee tough one here to
bring up yeah top of this of like an
ottoman with it because the tray on it
cool yeah okay so this actually was kind
of blessing in disguise I can't get one
different colors which I didn't know
about which is pretty cool um so I got I
got to of the blues and tonight you've
suddenly blue but then I still have the
option of doing one red like it's cool
hot which I think it's just like
whatever you put in so now I'm going to
put oh god that's it camera okay no God
I'm going to feel that you're special
camera all that said mommy not really
doing all this
yeah so I mean a white mother
so now this is called doe myself if you
mess this up me I'm trying to do this
right now I cannot think about your
table I'm so sorry
so it Carolee sorry but this is a little
bit complicated
okay I'm going to see why it wouldn't
work I just ordered a whole model for no
reason because I'm Yoda and I can fix
anything
I actually am very good at fixing things
though it's kind of fun this kind of
like school class judgey you all the
point can you come by so we're gonna buy
our table Jada is going forward tonight
to again I need you guys
ah see if you can no don't cancel it
because this is finally gonna last me so
long I mean look at this
look at look at what I am I need you
don't worry check out my job Nintendo
switch drop no connection oh wow
yo means hashtag if you need something
sticks just call Jojo she'll come up
with you how she'll bring her little
bottle of nail glue and she'll fix it
right up for you sometimes when the
disaster happens with your Nintendo
switch it's okay it'll all be okay okay
guys
sometimes disasters happen but disasters
are fixable
I promise I got to edit up some stuff
before Gina is coming over or so but yes
I got ended up get all caught up on
editing I need to char up as I can go to
and I just have to do a little bit of
editing later yeah
my mom went to bed but I have also
suffered years up tonight but it'll be
in tomorrow's vlog so they do that
changes here okay hey mom it's your turn
for the court of the day I won't show
you because you're about to fall asleep
but I need a quote under your close
quarters J song quote I got one no but
you ought to come up with one don't just
stand there
let's get to it sir compose there's
nothing to it
fog mine was and you want to make the
world a better place take a look at
yourself in makeup hey just like your
daddy oh whoa whoa what keep your knife
in it I love you or you want them good
night
shake it out for your fifties so bye
guys
I love you
