okay okay general Wow starting the vlog
bright and early today and bye bright
and early I mean 1007 I'm just watching
we're trying or trying to cut us some
slack
it's I'm putting mine in gender switch a
white day to add vlogs welcome mom would
you like say hi and says hey I am just
putting away my Nintendo - which right
now in its case because I'm actually I
haven't put it in this case yet I was
like can I try that I wonder if it goes
in here and went in there maybe I don't
know there's not a way to get this thing
in which is kind of confusing for me but
I mean I'm sure there's a way I'm sure I
don't get it
let's see what Jess is cooking for us
when you make it be some people
Universal muffins that way they're
they're deliciously crispy I wouldn't
say we make my not so crispy
well I do make another one oh it's me
they're giving me oh you don't like you
so to speak you know more like it's all
users try not make it yeah did you have
to cut this a is appreciative to cut it
we just do it for I suppose to the rules
on here yeah you said to me look what I
did mom I put a pop socket on the back
of the camera yeah it's very sorry yeah
no we want what is on the agenda for
today yeah for my composure but it's the
greatest gift in life okay what else we
have to do today
okay you can all stay here and wait for
a camera all I need is coming over know
you're getting a phone call okay you can
do that this one was on the phone this
is all exactness so a good blog any of
it I'm sorry guys I let you down I first
I'll have to make my bed put my blankets
under my bed cuz Hayden's coming over to
tonight so to film videos strive to make
my house look good and then it already
looks good I just like little things
like putting the lotion right back where
it should go home school things like
that but that's otherwise pretty much it
I'll probably some schools on my edit my
video i'ma great I think that I should
give the camera to my mom when she goes
to Hobby Lobby and she should do it
she's
oh wow so for my mom leaves and takes
the camera I'm going to be showing you
guys my Nintendo switch this is the
Nintendo switch it's really cool I don't
know what I'm doing
I'd literally just scott it yesterday so
I don't really know everything about it
so I'm not like a professional but it's
like this little thing and then your
voice can come out and you can use them
like this ah what else cool about it um
there's like this I can't pull it out
it's hooked up to a key right now that
there's like this little like thing that
you can put this in and then it will go
into your TV I'll show you in a second
then there's this remote thing so now
this this remote saying you can go like
this and you can take these remotes out
of here and then you can put this remote
these remotes into here and then you got
like an actual remote and then you can
play that on this thing and you can set
this guy up like this it has a little
kickstand you can set it up like this
and then play like this or you can just
use one of these like that or if you
want your TV I like to do it like this
when it's in the TV because it's just
easier for me to like hold and do all
that but some games required you to hold
it differently so all the games that I
have on here right now are fast rmx
nipple clips Just Dance
Tetris LEGO City broom broom in the
night sky jack box
perdy games World of Goo and once you
switch that only games that I actually
have played already are fast R max which
is by 100% one of my favorites
sniffer clips which is also in my
favorites just dance is downloading I'm
sure I'll love just kids because like
why wouldn't I
Tetris is really fun but Tetris is only
the demo right now so it's not like that
whole game just like the demo of it LEGO
City undercover is really fun I'm just
out of
we're stuck and I don't really know what
to do next
so I quit and I haven't played it yet
rumor the night sky is actually pretty
cheap and I just got it and it's really
fun I love that game uh Jack rocks the
party game you need to have more than
one person so I haven't played them yet
World of Goo is like fun but I don't get
it like it's fun when I like got how to
do it but I can't figure out how to do
it again it's weird and then once you
said you need two people to so I haven't
put that one yet um uh biome I won't
play with me tonight but no it's really
cool so it's like this little thing
about the size of my hand and you use
the remote many different ways so like
for example like room brew in the night
sky you can use it like this whatever I
play racing I like it like this the only
games that require you to be like this
with it it that I play so far is snipper
clips and that games really fun but this
thing is so awesome and I'm so happy
that I got it it's like the newest best
thing okay so I'm about to go shopping
and Jed is not going to come with me so
I'm going to say goodbye to my new
problem fairy girl sorry girls
okay hey is that my hi guys yeah Angie I
saw a guy
um yeah knows what I'm teaching Lola she
never went through shopping with me I
don't even though I'm going to get her
stuff as I did you Bella right no see
anything you should put that over as you
can see what you're getting compared I
agree to anything I'm going to be okay
now
okay so she re now is down roll over in
my v but I'm teaching her army crawl now
ready I'm gonna call army girl already
girl is that Estevez begin them I am
about to go to Hobby Lobby and get Jojo
some stuff to keep archiving all her
magazine things and I want to get her a
new mirror for her bedroom so obviously
I am NOT going to be vlogging and
driving because that would be like two
lenses
and but I'm going to take you guys to
shop it with me if I have a little time
I'm going to go to the mall but I'm kind
of love so Ali I get distracted easily I
got out and I realized I didn't have any
yellow paper spray of my life so I guess
having good gas quick then I'm going
shopping so I got cast on my car and now
I'm finally about to go shopping and get
some good things and definitely not
going to be walking and driving once
again because I don't want people to
hate on me but I'm gonna go shopping I'm
gonna get Jojo some fun things and maybe
some cool things for our apartment and
maybe like some lunch or something like
that
I decided to stop and get a little snack
and in California you just pretty much
give this one place if you want to drive
through and the line is always super
long and but it's really good and it's
really popular so I decided to go to and
now so here it
I'm getting a little snack and then I'm
going to go shopping and this is totally
what I mean about I kind of get
sidetracked and I probably won't end up
with the mall tonight because it's
already like 2:00 o'clock and I haven't
even gone to one store yet I mean it's
looking pretty good
got a diet coke got my phone and I'm
ready
I mean it's Hobby Lobby third is I'm
going to go side and get some good stuff
it's not 2:30 I mean you totally can
never be in a hurry here in California
just kind of have to go actually really
windy it's really cloudy outside one
let's go inside and get some
so I'm doing pretty good I got a big
frame for the Tiger Beat cover I got
some book can you start putting her
pictures in and I got this black frame
for the New York Times cover so I think
I'm pretty good I just hope that she
likes it now I'm going to go get some
stickers and some cute paper I'm back in
my car again and I just went to
Michael's I don't know if you can see it
behind me back there and they don't
really have anything that I needed so
apparently I got everything I needed at
Hobby Lobby and now I think I'm probably
just going to go back to the apartment
and hang up work on some my craft so I
actually I haven't told you guys this
yet because we got new cameras and so we
had one camera at the beginning of the
day and now at the end of the day we
have three cameras so my mom has the old
camera and I have one of our new cameras
right now so welcome to my confusing
life anyway this is Jada hello she is my
friend and we are headed right now to
amenties which in romania my mom there
and they have really good what's it
called frozen yogurt they have chocolate
covered strawberries as a topping really
have you ever been I've been to munchers
I didn't know that strawberry yeah my
mom likes a peanut butter JEP yeah spin
Jesus event have you ever been to this
great white hut - oh you have a super
would be the best breakfast burritos and
nachos every day we met my mom hello
Jana what did you get I go she had some
new Delos yellow it wasn't coming out
right well looks like with a dollar word
is logo is good digit this is mine I
made chocolate with marshmallows no
gummy bears and I'm trying to mix it all
together
not ready Woking how'd you get I got
strawberries and peanut butter and
Debbie beard and I got a waffle dish
because we're making it on the gutter
no I'm talking he gave his waffle kit it
was really good yeah I can't show them
what you're doing but did you get what
you needed top secret yeah top secret
secret oh yes I do I know right
hi Dan what guys oh dude would never
well I was home we're back home now by
the way I put all of my mom's camera
stuff in this box so now we're gonna do
a little challenge type thing where she
has to UM open it up and see if she
knows what everything is and she'll be
excited and I was like I'm gonna put it
all there and then you get open it and
it's gonna be great yeah that's the box
this is your box
oh there's lighting okay so this is my
new camera
Julie cute because Remo and I like
Lorraine by the way guys she's never had
her own camera not like a good to be
fair enough I'm not already opened it
there like Renison yeah okay so
sensitive all like in a minute I don't
really do an unboxing either so I'm
assuming this is the camera wait Alexa
quiet please
all right keep going assuming this is
the camera and oh my god I'm totally
right this is the cameras in search of
an osprey Titan ID please don't actually
right I've got some good things in there
all right
when is with your little camera I mean
I'll be going on there's no battery in
it guys hope you give up I like this
okay so this is the camera too that I'm
filming on right now okay
but I have my own of it this must be a
battery definitely this is about
Bravo this must be a battery charger I
mean and it must look like going here
this this comes out yes and then you put
it in the wall
Bravo I'm even you're nearly life all
could I should hire camera bracelet and
what you do is you hook them on your
camera right now I have a blue one right
oh shoot I had my hand over the mic I'm
sorry I have a blue one right here and
then a red one right there so I have two
colors and I have those two because I'm
wearing blue red today so I think what
I'm going to do is and this is another
strap that came with it probably do a
pink one maybe a pleasure
purple pink and purple it was me have to
coordinate with my outfit that's what I
did so these are the cameras I mean I
could actually apply a rhinestone a
student really cute okay this my friends
is another battery charger why I have
two battery chargers you guy that's two
batteries I do I have two batteries so I
have two battery chargers that makes
perfect sense
okay this is a another battery why not
another battery okay okay so you go it
out this is amazing this is exactly what
I needed because I'm going to be doing a
lot of crafting things and you guys are
going to see things that I make for Jojo
like custom shoes custom bows and I'm
going to be showing you guys I need a
table tripod and this is a memory card
this is called an SD card yeah yeah so
this is called an SD card and this is
called an SD card so I have q SD card I
mean you guys and I have this cute
little box to put it all in I mean I am
like living the vlog dream right now if
I was ever
living the dream there would be now I
mean you guys now did you see you'll use
this SD card look how many gigabytes it
is gigabytes
this is 256 gigabyte you know how big
that is that means that I can
accidentally leave the camera on all day
and it will be for all it put back my
trigger yes so would you like help
setting it up you want some help I'll
help you set it out or do you want to
see my Hobby Lobby hall if I never did
we could wait I'm going to go get you a
battery I mean like a little camera
because I've been charging my battery
all day so you can have one of my other
ones if I can have one of yours right
now yeah okay right emulation from it or
better anyone of that yeah yeah are you
doing the bean reader users going into
Bessie here huh what I came here with my
mix line his dad written got Oh get
everything we didn't have anything we
didn't have the stuff that we needed for
his video so they got down to find me
almost porn stars which is good John how
much we have it's going to be great
stages will come out on our channels I
don't know win but it'll happen wait for
it it's gonna be great lighting was all
messed up K I told you guys yesterday
that I would show you the light at
Nickelodeon and it I don't know if you
can tell yep there it is that's the
lights that I was telling you about
usually it's like rainbow now they're
only having like two colors going of
course
yeah that's cool like yours is better
than that we just dropped Hayden off and
we took him home and he gave me a bag of
clothes so I'm going to show you guys I
just missed my first time opening and he
said I did Dylan hoodie and there to his
brother that's literally all enough for
first hayden backpack
this isn't don't hit me save that for
last she would oh my there's a lot of
things in here I got a white Hayden
t-shirt hidden somewhere all I got pink
thank you they gave me another pink one
because I could not read play JoJo's
juice as I put Sunny D on it until they
gave me anyone and I think the hidden
hook wait a second wait a second yeah I
was correct
domi yes look at that he knew they'd
roll goals you know you're jealous I got
hey nerdy a t-shirt a t-shirt and then
there's more things
this is bracelets he and summer all paid
summer all loves me or they all say
hating summer all loves me almost cool I
loved hating summer all oh I love
hitting son we're all here in summer oh
I get it now
I think this is like a lanyard boom I
was right go me I'm proud of myself I'm
gonna get it later
oh and then the things that is further
said I got this hold on give me a second
I got this
zapman coming coming it's getting
unraveled getting unraveled still in
summer all everyone like to do was
better I like the Haines one because it
has like it's like hey this is cool look
at the spider face but Ultima thanks in
thanks shame you dead thanks doing
school mom a jet what's happening
oh I was hoping so - I think it's time
for the day to be over because I'm tired
put this day to sleep that's what this
day to please quote of the day it's my
turn to the part of the day I'm going to
go with um you want me to switch it to
one song quote of the day it'll be cool
computes all the quote from yourself
quote quote if I was on my holidays
don't worry
doo-doo-doo-doo be happy
dude don't worry happiness da da da da
da da la da da da da da da la da da
sorry listen trying that is worthy not
get out everything for today don't worry
be happy don't worry about it be happy
about it look it so much I'm gonna go
for a second I'm going to bed
I see you tomorrow then we'll use it on
tomorrow I will stay around tomorrow
we're gonna die I don't know you'll find
out tomorrow acting was so
