so even though today was kind of a
letdown because we didn't get to go to
iFly city walk doesn't matter because I
got my foot hey everyone it is a JJ's
world world swirls I'm Jojo I'm Jess
welcome to LA welcome to our swirl I
mean the world this is there is a secret
behind our name but we're not going to
tell you know you're gonna have to stay
cute then makes you come back every day
for our vlogs um Jess what are we doing
today today we're going to lunch with
some friends we're going to be shooting
some YouTube videos at Chuck E Cheese
favorite did I do light energy and I
just want to know why was that even
though I'm not a context trader
that was my content that I created that
is this I wouldn't get mad at her
because nothing matters I'll turn left
on to good Avenue I don't Karen love
them all good thank you um no she always
does this thing where she thinks she's a
youtuber in a content creator and
clearly and now I'm a youtuber but I'm
know about a much greater jazz getting
this content on my channel I should be
like you like boom agree so I would not
get Scott Dunn who would wanna make a
pizza this is not good Tom had to say um
but yeah so on the agenda for today
we're going to lunch with Mark we're
going Ryan and Ryan we're going to go to
Turkey cheese turkey cheese is where
Jojo computed into effect we're going to
what are we going to after Joey I wasn't
going to Hobby Lobby and I will come
back until my visa
we should city wok tonight okay I'll go
to Hobby Lobby okay okay okay deal okay
deal I got a midget spinner well what's
your thoughts on Fitness video you can't
make it spin yeah you know I don't know
what it is I can't even make it go
around like I can't hear maybe roll down
flip I'm with that okay because I kinda
made it a tripod what is the old for of
a desert - not if you need a good
attorney life you talkin about
I got my big dinner I got my business
dinners hello yeah see Calvin on your
last night right now we're here at Brian
mark hey you guys know jack which would
come like Mendocino fine Mendocino farms
where we are it you know because you get
he asked you have little dip yeah
rustled up they have this ring it's like
always
very very good
no overwhelming thank you about one day
writing the blog dependable everyone the
focus this time committee be careful the
focus which shows our focus it just
stopped by
all right Chucky Jesus headed to check
Ciaran where jojo's can be again this
just dangling there's such a grandiose
or just from that particulars he would
it we got it together okay god I like
Sienna we have down the road for about
twenty minutes
um but you guys don't see something
really cool she show them real each
other
she chose to watch the camera I know
that's asylum Ellen no usually if you
like I don't care anyway this is over my
business turns it up turn it up now
no big songs all day long that building
right there I don't know if you can see
it but right there it says Nickelodeon
and that my friends is where I work kind
of that's that's my bosses work kind of
thinking of turning it up for the camera
enjoyed make those faces yeah yeah no
doesn't a Nickelodeon opposite and I go
there a lot for a lot of different
things but not like filming like TV show
things about like meetings and like that
stuff look at that's the that's their
old building right there and this is a
new building that is gorgeous it's so
pretty if it says Nickelodeon and at
night those things right there are all
lighted up and they're like rainbow
different colored lights it's really
cool mom dad ever do this because if you
want to Josh got it if you want if you
got if you want to go water in here
right now just and it gotta like go
I'm headed into chuck-e-cheeses right
now
I've not been not been the turkey cheese
in Paris yeah I thought like I took her
side she's coming in jeans on a phone
call
hi you guys I am here with stuff is
messed up yeah yeah and tsunami the best
I mean we're look at this heaven this is
literally heaven right here so there
will be a video on my channel coming out
and a video on her channel and it's
coming out
I'm away we're going to coast but they
go too much finishing sometimes right
Friday Friday Friday said no and I'll
tell you later when I know just keep an
eye on my channel on her channel are you
on say anything she's so cute
just to give up and she gave me a koala
hug I was already grabbed doesn't want
to say hey I'll take it I'll take it off
dang it no there is this machine over
there
we're in the middle of our challenge but
there is a machine of it where there's
peace enough and it was broken and so
the tickets that was coming out of it
and you could like pull them out so I'm
just pulling them so pull it off and we
got this giant you got way more but
we're just doing this and give our
animate a big deal that I kind of like
okay how is chuck-e-cheese other have I
make another half of the day I love 28 I
love I mean I didn't enter this as a 10
here we got a favorite place
I came in every year for my birthday
whereas little city called Saigon
right this is my childhood dream I've
always wanted one of these mom okay I
got you I got your guidance and watch
let me just ending at Chuck E Cheese it
was really fun they were super nice um
she searched too but now we are headed
home we're not going to sit walk tonight
anymore
the let down the let down of doing it
and having fun and I'm not going to let
down going to sidewalk but it's okay
because we've all kind of tired and the
camera batteries are went dead
but tomorrow is going to be a very good
day because change summer all is coming
over we're going to do videos with him
and we're going to get a new camera
stuff and I could possibly get my
Nintendo switch so a lot of stuff
doesn't happen tomorrow so I'm not going
to see you guys till later tonight great
mom better that's it so we're not going
to do a lock their cameras dead I mean
who was in charge of charging the camera
I charge it all night let's go live in
charge of charging the camera I trigger
no not in charge anymore I'm charging
the camera I charge you all night not
last night and then I use it all day
today that's why I got his extra
batteries it's okay this is an old
battery anyway so I'm gonna battery
another we're out oh my that's bright
okay you guys we just ran home for a
second I charge my camera for good five
minutes and yes my eyes are shut because
it's way too bright but I got a
notification actually my brother called
me and he was like hey did you get your
Nintendo switch yet you're gonna have to
deal with Reggiano cuz I can't handle it
and I was like no and he was like well
it says it was delivered but apparently
it was delivered to the UPS access point
so that was a raven is that no no one
even knows
why don't they just like charters over
to our house like leaving here's my
signature anyway so I'm so excited right
now but give either switch you guys you
guys you guys you guys this is my thing
this is my Nintendo special dozen
sobbing I'm just I'm so excited right
now you don't mention so even though
today was kind of a letdown because we
didn't get to go to iFly CityWalk just
because I got my d√©jenos which okay I'm
not to confuse you guys so much
so I'm home and I've been editing for
the last probably 30 minutes because I
had to but then I've been on the
business I've been editing which I said
again when I of is been editing I've
been edited I've been editing for a
while now because I had to create my
intro would you guys saw in the
beginning of the video Christopher and I
made my he didn't help clear that she
reuse your voice in it but so now I'm
editing my video right now and I'm I'm
editing the video you're seeing at this
very moment so I took the SD card out
put it in the thing and now it's back in
and this is gonna be the end it's just
really confusing
anyways um I remembered that I told you
guys that I was going to show you my
Nintendo switch but I'm not showing it
to you tonight it's right here but I'm
not going to show you like how it works
some stuff tonight because I messed it
up for tomorrow so yeah go to our blog
but we're gonna make some pizzas what
works what size you made on the
set we're gonna make some pizza homemade
pizzas okay there's my betta shoppies
cheese pliable pepperoni there's my
mom's jens's with cheese and mushrooms
in February and sauce I'm sorry
I'm going to tell you guys my self
discipline is awesome because now that
I've done editing this I'm so excited
because it's time to play my Nintendo
specific use I'm going to enjoy my mom
all dinner regular Wi-Fi Subway's not
going to place me at dinner tonight
we play together on it okay so I'm gonna
plan my Nintendo system night then I'm
going to tell you how I feel about it
all tomorrow so be ready for tomorrow's
ball this is my final product I already
ate a slice of it is really good huggers
delicious delicious and we got some
melon Awards
okay we got something good too I'll
trade you a piece of matter he'll try to
diffuse so on all right
I sound to you what you do it little
silly goose you want to get up I'll come
find out come by you
you should got really excited this dog
gets way too excited with her mama I was
getting mad this is the thing you guys
she's getting mad because I won't let
her watching you do right now I feel guy
said you have to close out the vlog with
me I mean I was inside an autumn a are
really good people usually dollar to kid
in the situation no really that's not to
be true don't be lame be nice again be
true don't do that and be nice I'll take
it
if you guys don't watch it see you
tomorrow that guys
