how I genuinely feel how these people
are genuinely is really mad that I got
nominated so here's what I want to say
about that Phase II crazy crazy but
alrighty so we're at the Sherman Oaks
gallery right now mom will remain up
with oh yeah we're meeting up with mark
for some lunch we always meet up with
him here I don't know why we meet up
with him here so we are going to p.m.
show you right now I'm so excited I
haven't been to p.m. change them forever
also change chicken so so good check out
oh hi mark
do they don't never say that to you oh
hi mark what's that from
oh hi mark surprise in store for you
this week New York is Easter weekend oh
oh oh Easter Bunny what's important in
those eggs is right then much-needed
relaxation in your future here we go is
my fortune your short term goal will be
met within the month beautiful right now
yeah to finish supply you'll soon meet
someone who wants to start a project
with you that's a good I like that
anyways um you're here at lunch with
mark and of course jazz ijs hi mark hi
Jojo
anyways around lunch or having a good
little meal it's great it's awesome but
now I am meeting up with my brother here
in three two one
alright now that was my brother I'd
never done good where we going are we
good yes he is what a George peeler we
were done I love with you I'm good I've
lied you actually hi Jane let's go
advice you got off I'm so excited yeah
sure you can get a shower go check out
my brother is right it's Jaden C work
now at Jaden see oh yeah I have an ass
you transported city wok like I said
yesterday I let's do it
which actually look at how cute I like
today like I am very proud of the Sava
5x5 weird way to iFly we can not go
without being in the world's cruelest
Donald's ooh I'm gonna get changed I'm
going to change the look back it down
for now I got to tell my thanks to what
no let me see it
alright
we're in the kitchen right now and my
house goin Oh groans oh man thank God so
good what are you doing right now I'm
actually making dinner she's pitching
the hot mess but now it does because my
mom is cooking dinner
thinking it is a mess because the
kitchen but look at how beautiful that
looks my waters Matt by the way
potatoes and French onion dip and human
mushroom soup and cheddar cheese and
butter and milk and this is why because
I told her that I could not eat the
difference between Pepsi and Coke in
what'd you say to me and I said that is
disgrace
I am chilling your right now Ellen a
beautiful night at home which is awesome
my kind of night we were planning on
going to this event tonight but then we
were just all kind of like you wanted to
stay home and did nothing and we were
like okay so there's been something that
I've been meaning to chat about for a
while now with you guys but I've kind of
just like put it off and I haven't
really talked about it but I've been
wanting to talk about it and I've kind
of been wanting to address it and just
kind of like dip my my feeling out there
I want to get my feeling out there of
how I genuinely feel and how thankful
and how grateful I actually really am
for this so basically about a week ago I
actually went to the Kids Choice Awards
I performed up the Kids Choice Awards
and I was nominated and actually won a
Kids Choice Award I was in the category
favorite musical youtuber and I actually
I won which is so cool and I'm so
thankful and so grateful for it and
first of all throughout when I was
nominated there was a lot of people that
were so supportive of me and just like
oh my gosh sure - we love you we're so
happy you nominated like all these
amazing things and then there was also
some people who maybe weren't so happy
that I was nominated which is okay I
don't need to everyone to be happy but
um you know there's just a lot of
hateful things uh when I was looking at
it I was like wow these people are
genuinely really mad that I got
nominated um so here's what I want to
say about that thing that I want to say
about that is hey I'm nominated because
I worked really really hard and also
tough nominee didn't because of you guys
before supporting me in like loving me
and subscribing to me and watching my
music and listening to my music and
watching my videos and all the things
but also - because I work really hard
and every single day I am filming a
video actually sometimes twice a day I
upload nine times a week every single
week I'm recording a new song or writing
a new song like I'm literally I worked
so hard
it's like award to be nominated even if
you don't win the actual award it is
still an award to be nominated so that's
how I feel about that I'm being
nominated but now when I actually won
the award first of all thank you guys so
much the award is all because of you
guys you guys thought about I had to get
myself nominated by working hard and
then you guys had to vote for me to read
what you guys did so I didn't mind
fighting you guys at your Friday I went
together around the Kids Choice Awards
this one's going on really more and I've
seen it calm down on social media but I
still didn't talk about it because it's
just things that needs to be talked
about how did
so you win like the other people are so
much better like how did how did this
happen like why did this happen like she
can't when she won last year just all
these things and I'm freaking these not
like these people are genuinely mad that
I won I guess um and here's the thing
the reason why I won is because of my
seaweed eaters the reason why I want is
because these kids were on here every
single day voting for me and they were
on kids Transcom voting for me and the
thing that I saw a lot of people say is
that you only won because you're signed
with Nickelodeon that's alright if you
want to say that that is 100% not the
truth you can believe whatever you want
to believe but that is not the truth at
all if I won because I was rigged and I
was signed with Nickelodeon don't you
think my show would've been nominated
don't you think my movie with
Nickelodeon would have been nominated
don't you think for favorite Instagram
pet my dog who most of you probably
don't know this but is Simon Nickelodeon
don't you think she would have been
nominated so just doing a favor and
don't think that it's rigged because it
is 100% not like I know for a fact if it
was rich Bobo would have been nominated
and would have won because she is
excited Michelob ian callum
those pets that were nominated have so
many more followers and so many more
people out there who would nominate them
and vote for them and so like truly
finds out like I totally get it like
it's not it's not an issue at all I have
to say Nickelodeon is so good about this
they make every single thing fair for
everyone which is just so grateful and
I'm so thankful to get to be a part of a
family that's like that it's amazing
there's a point of me making this right
now it's just to say you know honestly
thank you to those who a voted for me
because that would've been possible
without you food voted for you last you
do this is my last show Kids Choice
Award and also to who voted for me this
year to win I mean it's so amazing I
don't have that award yet but oh I
should find get it in like a year so
that's all I get safe to give this on
but it's okay I mean I still know that I
want which is just so cool but seriously
just thank you guys so much for voting
for me and I just have to tell you guys
thank you this is genuinely it's because
of you guys I know I keep saying it that
it's all because of you but it really is
like you are the one you are watching
this video you who watch my videos every
day you subscribe you follow me you are
the ones that made this happen for me
I'm just so thankful because it's so
cool to like go to the kitchen guys what
does have my name said like it's just so
amazing I said you guys out there who
maybe didn't want me to win or I'm very
frustrated that I want um specifically
someone's fanbase that I know just know
that it's okay
and
I understand I you have your person I
did it I want Harborside get it if my
person who I really really loved it when
I'd be very sad to but don't think that
I just won the award because that's not
the truth my fans voted for me they was
there for me they had my back I'm not
saying that you didn't have your
person's back at all I'm not saying that
at all but what I am saying is that it's
all it's like they did it for me they
they really did it do you guys who did
it for me again thank you it's all
because of you
oh okay so that was important to be
making this video but now hello I just
feel so much smarter when I put these on
like I just feel like I'm like a genius
and everybody's on what is 2+2 5 what is
429 times the power of 14 I don't know
the answer so I took my glasses off my
friends I'm actually gonna be wrapping
it up for the night here because that
was a long conversations I need a drink
of water right now any guys have not
already make sure this the sky is you
know why because first are all zeros
best they're strong they're confident
they're powerful they believe in
themselves they believe it everyone they
support everyone they love everyone and
all the great amazing things in the
world but also to I just want to say
thank you I just want to say if you are
watching this video whether you like me
or whether you don't thank you so much
because you support me I mean you
watching this video you might be making
fun of me right now you might be making
fun of me the fact that I'm a 14 year
old you drain your hair bow in my hair
but thank you because that just means
that you're supporting and you're
watching my content so thank you and I
hope that I can make you smile right now
gun stop stop smile smile smile smile
smile I said to smile
hey smiling hey not smiling yet smile
sit there smile smile smile smile smile
alright thank you so much for smiling
and big happy but that is a wrap on
today I love y'all so much our what I
will
