there is a baby alligator here don't
give a larger day but I hi I'm ty what
I'm just gonna roll with it up I didn't
think that by now you all know what I'm
talking about right now I think by the
time that this so I'm session is over
you guys know my volume in Joe I would
hope you know yeah try to do it great
how did it start
come on Linus you're on the spot now
what is it I gotta get back to work but
this song is going amazing good job good
job good job you created me oh look I
got a record a sign I gotta work hard
and play hard what do you get when you
win and your kids right now I drew all
three of you first time in forever I
know that's probably the first time in
forever we are going to Ralph and Ralph
how's it going today so we're going to
browse because tonight I am selling with
Colleen as Miranda obviously and I gotta
get stuff for what I'm filming with
their afro or what guys I'm actually
like so time you guys do this video it's
gonna be like everybody that we've ever
done but I gotta get some gross food so
uh let's go oh hello oh hello oh hello
literally on four magazine covers just
like straight in the road literally just
like a magazine I was like oh there I am
oh sorry I'm like oh yeah okay that's
what I'm one pair of pants later look at
what is going on right now
video there is a baby alligator a
literal baby alligator in here we don't
want avoiding these cool song is I don't
know any other going up oh what about
the film I'm very excited don't be great
oh my god this is giving you my favorite
video we've ever filmed I can feel it
and - I mean there's a baby alligator
yep okay okay I feel so much Davis but I
did not really do anything today okay so
I'm gonna be wrapping it up but I
literally like I did a lot today but
I've logged everything that I did and
they're like wasn't really anything else
is a good boy but I did it so
technically it's not all my fault but
anyway yeah it is my fault I didn't mess
with that it's about Monday and I'll see
you guys run well I see you tomorrow
because of all your single day that's
really do bye bye guys
come back
you're cute
