I just I feel like I let you guys down
crazy oh my gosh we're on set right now
it actually just wrapped it up for the
day but apparently Maggie drew all over
losing battle of the costume queen she I
think me Bobo some dodgy gloves they
said I have to get it all families out
of and then I can cover it so clumsy and
I was like I just think you guys messy
man additional reaction cuz I will be
very excited by because I said it but
I'm gonna make her love it yeah I just
booked that out what is that
be glad here like right so we're
actually done here on set it was such a
great day I might be showing you some
vlog footage you and I can eventually
show you the vlog footage but the thing
is is that it wasn't about the phone we
do have a fun night ahead of us so is
guarding a great days of wicked vlogging
seatbelts on because it's about to get
pretty epic do you know how many times
I'm happy to like a seatbelt on Today
Show many and it kept getting locks out
I was like literally leaving here I left
my house which doesn't really sound like
we have extended and it is now 531 Go Go
what are you doing there how do you feel
about that
if you don't know we've been I fly like
literally every other day since I've
been back from New York I fly into I
will be able to go here for a while
because I'm gonna be in New York next
week oh my god I applied I decide I'm
gonna catch up to you it's not gonna
happen
you do that so my brother gets mad at me
every time we're here because I always
make him run and he said no room
yeah sorry we have Ian today right
oh my gosh that was the best i plied
trip literally ever like so fun getting
rich play my best ever
alrighty friends well I said I was gonna
do something tonight and I did it and
don't do it yet and I feel like I gotta
let you walk down Laurie Bridget Sam's
gonna say 24 hours in the tent tonight
but I just yeah okay I literally got
like an hour ago I haven't smelled dodo
juice I have to do stuff with dirty
shoes and then then Dez I have to go to
bed because I have to wake up tomorrow
because I have song sing it without song
singing I have song recording tomorrow's
I'm into according to your old age bars
like I kind of say my voice and off wow
what a day um but I'm a happier note I
think I'm going to be doing the 10th
either tomorrow night or the next night
so get ready with that but it's all
gonna happen and I think you know I try
to do this but if you liked it be sure
to give it a big thumbs up because I
always say that logs now put it you were
watching this vlog and I'll see you guys
around while I see you guys tomorrow
because I vlog every day and that is my
lens I'll see you guys around peace bye
