Oh literally has a first songwriting
session of the day I am so glad because
they really do dog your imagine the
first one in the room we did ambience
around eyes up a good kid I was already
I'm very excited for anyways guys we
gotta go get to work because they gonna
be here like literally a minute this is
officially the best songwriting session
I've ever done
hello we're just we're just hanging out
you know writing some music it's great
this is Rosie Rosie oh yeah oh yeah
shame thing about it for the day
okay ready right now and it is going
great we have one thing written down and
that is the title of the song le le le
they even ready for this music Jojo bone
but it's not knocking over to today I
introduce you to everyone
hello hello hello Ali I have our oh they
got a grand piano Europe ready ready
not gonna lie I don't think I've ever
been too tossed overboard because I've
been to Sam's Club I don't think I've
ever printed costo fun in house can you
put it up an out no look it I'll sleep
outside in the backyard
we're so doing it never camped out
before okay come on
I ain't never bought into debt before me
I'm never camped out before oh my god
how big is this thing always other big I
can carry this got it I really have an
executive decision that I made what oh
hi are you part of my family whoa what's
your name Marilyn see what how's a nice
ring to it
I made an executive decision good no
word did not get the tents because I'm
scared you can put it up in the house
honey I can oh yeah okay so here's the
real reason why Cosco today to get a few
things we got this log toothbrush thing
is I don't I don't honestly know what
they are but my mom one of them so we
all got them and then you already know
cops go you gotta get some good food
because they got the best food here I
don't think you know how happy I am
about the tent I've literally never
camped out before like I've who's gonna
be a Girl Scout I've always wanted to do
that if I were just kind of wanted like
go on a camp you don't go to summer camp
and I've never done that so this is like
single cam so fun the best part about
coming to Costco is not a you get my
tents that you're never tired by feeling
at this they got samples
it's delicious mom you got you're trying
to drink up there it's show no no I'm
telling you about its sure all right I'm
trying one what's your secret to it I'm
taking off hi dad let's see it
go go go did you like it my reaction was
a little bit better than my life with
you know a little bit throw it off all
right second sample is this tomato soup
thank you I don't know why I take a
spoon oh that's good mom much later look
how good all this stuff looks on me we
got some mini weed we got some cheez-its
we got some misses thank you sneeze all
vinegar we literally got everything you
could possibly want this car does not
have a eventually oh no someone's in
here hello
congratulations look how cute this is
look at this it goes all I have to my
stairs and they like look at if I ran up
here I could literally touch it wait
wait wait look at it's like right there
I literally I mean come back come back
okay okay we're good oh look at this
it's a donut in unicorn this is the
cutest thing ever
mama look at it you it's you down there
Bobo okay okay
oh my god I can't tell you what they're
for but they're not gonna get you a
sword that's hunger to tell you why blah
blah blah I am for warming up kids toys
are for Kids Choice Award for favorite
musical yeah I don't think boating
begins for my category until the 19th of
March so get ready for that because you
guys are students and you guys are gonna
have the boat stop struggling wow so
many things are happening right now sure
already things okay just wait everything
is that there is a an act to talk about
this okay hi I'm performing at the Kids
Choice Awards like what I don't even
know what to think about that like it's
my fourth time going and I'm performing
like an Jam nominate favorite musical
youtuber like how in the category I
believe it's me and Jack and Jack AO and
Te'o Jacobs Torres and Jonna Orlando and
so I'm not even against so many amazing
people and it's just truly an honor to
be nominated oh okay well I'm clear our
mind is just blown Oh
oh my gosh you guys okay so I am about
to do something that I don't know I
don't think I've ever done this before
no I haven't ever done this before
I am going to plan out my whole year
right now literally twelve seconds later
I gave up failure but I did I gave up
because like I don't know a lot about
all expect more mothers but Patrice is
calling me back
I'm surprised you guys nothing really
really good you're gonna love her there
Derek okay
for Tracy's pirate I be joking
no miser is pretty oh thank you oh my
god yeah
right now
okay so factored I'm surprising four
trees or something and you have to find
that out on March 17 but I'm surprising
your wife okay so here's I gave up
because here's the thing it's really
just gonna end up being whatever is
happening in that moment and to whatever
I feel like filming and so like I know
there's a few specific things that I do
need into I might put those on the
calendar I just don't want to do that
like it's just kind of like you took
this like a natural thing I mean it's
just kind of like whatever I feel like
filming that week or doing that week so
just gonna gotta go with it but I'm
gonna have a general plan but I'm just
not in the mood right now and I just
like had to do so much creativity thanks
today like I've had to do so much
songwriting like my brain is just fried
I'm gonna have to go learn your script
quick because I am on set tomorrow for
something really really fun um but it's
gonna be really really fun tomorrow so I
gotta kind of prepare myself for but so
therefore I will see you all after the
break just attach the neck basket to
your neck and you'll never lose anything
again what you put in is up to you it's
called a power airfryer and we bought
them for Valentine's Day for each other
how would I say we bought them for each
other I mean my mom bought it for my
damage if you photo frame I bought
without them knowing so look at this we
actually made some things already in it
we made the pizza rolls in it and then
we made this like spinach and artichoke
thingy and they've turned out good that
was like things that you should put in
it all right
first edges first and incredible all
right moment it's yours oh look at that
that is amazing balance it's interesting
because the outside is not but the
inside is cool you can cook in the mouth
birds like it's good it's like a hot ham
and cheese sandwich that's been set out
for a minute
all right jazz number two marshmallows
goodbye all right
Wow okay wait get a plastic knife and
just oh I just want a graham cracker
right now nice and crispy little waffle
hi defensive I'm upstairs I'm gonna have
it up in the night because I am sleepy
and you guys you wanna knows I've got
his dad in Ngoc LAN right now why that
bomber is not in there
my dogs didn't hang out she started a
fight with another dog and that is not a
good thing so you know she's in time now
she's taking a moment that is about fun
today I love y'all so much I'll see you
guys tomorrow I believe you guys why
because my lawyers gonna play that's
what I'm alright my guys face buddy he's
gonna say you say it say it just taking
their phone voices but keep playing
sayin saying
my good choices boil
