very good and now some science watches
what they all go it was just a whole
bunch of baby birds in our backyard guys
are doing an experiment what's our
experiment gonna see if Birds really
like bread yeah let's go one day a whole
bunch of little I can't even tell you
there was just like 20 in our backyard
like crazy okay here we go there's a
bird up there there's bread right here
how things like you gotta shut up if you
want them to come ladies ladies there's
bread down here
not you you don't get the bread I don't
want this I don't want little ones free
bread trying to give you a meal birds
literally just like pieces of bread out
there
usually there's ant over there so it's
gonna work and I thought we were gonna
say I'm bad at that yeah be quiet we'll
go back to school sure you go back to
doing school school on Sundays like yes
I'm doing school on Sundays because
tomorrow and Tuesday and Wednesday
Thursday and Friday I'm working on set
so basically what happens is you have to
do three hours every day on set but you
legally only have to do one hour of you
bangee the three hours are we're banking
hours right now so we can use them on
this honor test that was beautiful that
was a great speech to my driver okay
look it yeah it's so rainbow and
beautiful and bright and neon it maxvill
back to work girl I'm writing something
and the question is what is your
ultimate you don't ask me what I'm
reading and that Candice
my ultimate dream is right now it's like
you don't get it
by dropping you sorry my of course you
can take a bedroom animal why do you
want to think of it I need to know I'm
your biggest fan
later that same evening so we're
currently back in the house right now
we're gonna play some ps4 which I'm very
excited for because it's not something
that I really get to do that often like
I'm usually doing something I wonder is
it doing something I either mean working
or that I've lied literally that is my
life okay we don't have to worry about
that but brother convinced me to play
the sport in my game Jojo play this game
with me not like okay pens I'm trying it
tonight
I don't know if I would like it but I'm
trying it tonight I'm feeling that I'm
gonna end up quitting mid game and then
I'm gonna be playing like monopoly or
like Minecraft or like baseball or bad
boy just like something like that like I
don't feel like I'm gonna stick it out
through this game buh buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh bye I am gonna be giving it
a fair shot so I'll let you know what I
think about this game and - I might even
seem it give up another thing how much
do you know how many things I've had to
download on this thing tonight like look
at this another thing one little game
literally have it down look like four
different things tonight oh boy this is
a hot bath three thousand feels laid am
not gonna lie that was the biggest waste
of time in my life I definitely just sat
down for about an hour and two hours I
would say we weighed down for two hours
I would say - a good two hours so it's
definitely just sitting number two hours
doing nothing wasting so much time in my
life when there was so many better
things I like to be doing well you know
I probably put in some two cents yeah
aren't you really good for your first
time playing did I yeah when you got
your mic when we got your Jojo
headphones oh no I think the journey
ahead mother may be ahead look at this
one she just wants the attention all to
herself
we love you yes but as soon as you got
your headset we could actually talk into
the yelling across the room it's
currently like bitch alright now put on
that down
that is going with am i right music I
don't know what I'm about to do but I
will see you all after the break in
slip-and-slide
new boiler butter melted cheese not a
problem well I don't look like such a
hot mess right now literally don't look
like shut up
that's what reason it's time to call it
a night friend this is all that I have
you guys thank you so much Rodgers was
like I will see you guys right on out
drowsy guys we're on fire I think that's
right because I've vlogging every single
day and that is literally my life
literally my life something that sighs
my bow is falling off but that's really
my life oh boy oh boy tomorrow we have a
full day and I haven't early call time
so I gotta go to bed but that's all I
have is day and I'll see you guys around
peace out bye
