what am i doing right now I'm in the
house I got my Gucci shoes off I mean
he's a hand I got a dollar bill what
else could I do
a little bit oh boy you're upside down
the house good day guys good it√≠s so
glad enjoyed and delighted in here now
hold on onion another piece of ham let's
get you one but what is all of the hot
that's not good
okay kitchen um you need to get clean I
clean the kitchen should I do it I mean
I am home alone by myself and I do like
to make my parents happy and it would
make them really happy to be a nice
little surprise
on your marks gonna do it it's not worth
it I just because it needs me clean and
then also do so I can reunite me very
lean on you so I'm gonna go clean the
kitchen I'll see you after the break
keep all your food warm you're gonna use
it every day for what happened yesterday
but if you are a new student you don't
have it yet they don't let me fill you
in
here is a quick little recap of what
happened yesterday I want what I got so
excited because I saw my face always
knew that these are active like never
found it literally my face on a cake no
you're not ready okay you're ready now
check that little thing out what
buh-buh-buh-buh oh okay so I think I'm
just gonna eat this as is I obviously
don't know what this is printed on but
I'm over it it'll be good oh yeah
I'm going over your visa our alarm
because I'm going outside we are going
to get so that means now that it's time
for the quiet part of the vlog Shh
Superman axe it's a spa massage but it's
a gold massage this is the quiet part of
the village girls looking for hide
further my spa
nathless buyers ah spa but now the
struggle what flavour to do Vega oh yeah
you guys can make a joke asleep okay you
can make a cave here with my face on it
we all got some ice cream I may have
gotten do things I couldn't decide which
we take that agrees in Queens I got wall
mappable
and I got $1 ball that my dad is
stealing right now but I don't have them
in his key category okay delicious I'm
so help it looks so good
yummy Nami Nami yes I met her on two ice
creams but I couldn't do look at I got a
cookies and cream and I got a cake
batter would you get my pint-sized we
got a pint of ice cream what do you what
is that what what who told you you could
have this okay fine you can have the
phone night now for a night now that was
a new one I'm gonna be having enough for
the day because I am sleepy and I have
to get up tomorrow Sunday know what days
I do have to do school tomorrow which is
not a bad thing black to do five hours
of school what what does all that have
it I think you all for joining me along
on this vlog journey it was quite fun if
I do say so myself but was it fun drop
your bomb drop thank you oh she listed
was it fun yes now I'm gonna play with
my phone what did I do that voice I
didn't hear that I defined so how do you
guys around while I see you guys around
because I vlog every single day and that
is my life go see you guys Rob peace out
bye
you know how to come back
my dog is obsessed with his bone
