what my JZ needs is really enjoyed hey
you guys going everything we'll see you
later xylem isn't a little everyone has
good day guys good idea that today we
are at Nickelodeon I don't know if you
can tell over here yeah there is just a
mirror and Nickelodeon if you are a
loyal sooner you know in yesterday's
vlog that I told you that we have a
meeting and I don't know that blows
bright but we have a meeting at
Nickelodeon today it is gonna be really
fun
I actually bet that we are gonna be in
that room we're literally right okay
look the only get numb without me to
Daniel and we have our meeting where
it's like every corner we have this big
meeting finding out about consumer
products which is basically all the
merchandising stuff and then we also
have a meeting today something for the
kids
I can't really tell you anything about
it but it's something for the kids to
learn you guys I got a really really
like it that we just got down here I'm
gonna I'm gonna tiptoe we're gonna sneak
in no I'm just kidding we're not gonna
sneak in it's like look at you might
recognize those horses
you might recognize the stage you might
recognize this drama I won't play it I
just do what I wanna yeah but we just
got here we are about two minutes late
but there's no one here to come actually
we are about five minutes late but I
guys yeah we got to go you guys we're at
my favorite restaurant Wood Ranch out
after this meeting and look at how good
this room looks so delicious
so delicious so it's Friday's which
means they don't have vegetable soup to
the house but Bubba
I talked to our waiter and you convinced
the manager to like let something slide
and I gonna get a quick little trip to
target imagery meetings out there lunch
and before us are men such a well nailed
it but we're going to Dargo right now
I'm gonna go on a mission for George we
actually have no reason why we're going
to target you're walking expecting
nothing in you walked out with a cart
full and turn it always either checking
in town for alrighty so we are in target
and then it's time to have a quick
little conversation I'm not why it is so
hard to find Jo Jo March nowadays I just
had a whole meeting today a huge meeting
like a big quarterly meeting about
Georgia merchants how good its selling
and it's likely the number one seller in
almost every category which is crazy to
think about so thank you so much for
that all the stores are running out of
Jojo merch and it's kind of like I don't
know what to do anymore although
although although what's your name hey
bullseye okay so they do have a back
here that's pretty good gun with that
okay do there isn't one shirt here I'm
looking for like that blue shirt that
has like the like people in my size
they've won this is an extra small not
gonna lie that won't cut it for me they
do have that shirt though they've that
here my size they do have now advice as
well but should I already have but okay
on a brighter fact so I want to go back
to the topic that I was talking you guys
about a second ago and all the time
Connie's just gonna like walk around the
little girl's section while I'm doing
this you know just kind of like walking
and talking to myself it's nothing weird
okay so here's the thing we had this
meeting today it was so good like I
can't even tell you the products that
are coming out in 2018 are just like
things you're like what expect but like
are unexpectable if that make sense like
though unexpectable like you would never
think that it could actually happen but
it's actually happening that's like the
only way to explain it let me like go
through my brain and see what I can
actually tell you can I tell you that no
I can tell you this nope can't tell you
about that all right I can tell you
about some things that I'm number one
and B underwear I am through on my
seller in the underwear the bows
continue to be number one bestsellers
and every star which is crazy look at
this point event right right
hello yes they got Jojo VARs and Tyga
okay what else well international
everything is
crazy we found out some things in
Australia and wow you are these out
there I just made the socks continue to
be a number one bestseller
I don't remember out what story the
slippers are the number one best-selling
slippers out Walmart believe if the
dance can line at Target even though
I've never found it I heard it has been
doing really really well I don't mean
this meeting that has been doing really
well and it's exceeded everyone's
expectations but that's that's very
exciting
um I can't really tell you much about
this but I can't teach something I have
something huge happening with this store
that I'm in right now I shouldn't have
even told you that my little brain is I
hear it's actually not levels after
quite a big brain I wonder what my IQ is
I think an IQ test I want to take an IQ
test that's a good idea
oh-oh something else that I can tell you
it there um may or may not be a Jojo
bike so the dogs have continued to be
the number one bestseller in Walmart the
number one my life as dog is my life as
da sold out right away like on the
release this subscription boxes - I
forgot about those the second
subscription box sold out within hours
are just crazy
okay okay I'm standing from height
boomeranged on high of course to not go
like I don't forgot where we were at the
bow maker did they tell me anything
about the maker did they mention
anything about the bow maker today
amazing you did you say you're on the
horn with them that's a reason she's on
the Horner though I asked them today I
said is there anything that didn't do
good and they were like to be real
honest no they were like nothing and
like they were like we will tell you
like nothing is doing bad right now what
is wrong my dad is really gonna really
exciting nothing is done bad what are
the odds today my son yet oh my judge
right yeah that's cool is that kid
popular yeah Cheers
yeah that's it all the time really did I
pay you to say that nope okay I didn't
sign it off okay yeah I mean it does
sell pretty good we only got one down
there we got what do we got we got four
up there we got two up there we got two
up there I'll take it who are you who
are you you can't be a cop in my baggage
Eng okay literally my buddy's like I
heard somebody five you literally five
you literally copy to my packaging look
at this does this not look exactly like
Madonna like it literally does if people
copy if people duplicate that just means
you know that just means that you're
doing something right now you should be
proud so I am proud Barbie who makes
Barbie
yeah Mattel yeah right I'm fine with it
it's not a bad thing okay okay okay okay
okay okay okay sir today was a win-win I
have a lot of things that I want on
today what do you have dad
hashtag besties not bullies okay we are
leaving right now we got a big target
what sometimes I pretend to be her yeah
sure - scuse me who are you
I mean the money was on the drives a
retainer so we are exiting the building
of target right now you like this yeah
this is definitely some sort of okay get
off of me could you know what else we
found out was number one - bedding the
bedding is the number one target gurkel
it's not what I think it is sorry I
definitely almost just ran into someone
is that what I think it is I hope it let
me be genuine I did not plan on saying
that look at 1 2 and even behind ok they
have a lot of there they've buried this
through my betting breathe never found
the betting like a lot of things they
like everything ok ok breathe don't
always right now today's my betting is
the number one girls ready at Target and
the number two betting at Target overall
minecraft is number one and boys and
number one overall the dad's ok because
I don't want a girls like what how what
who but really I have a songwriting
session that I gotta get used a week do
you actually have to leave Daria though
we had to be there like 10 minutes
so let's go to the songwriting session
whoa whoa what's happening happening bow
hello
we're I want more no I think we should
go inside mom you think they got to
judge the right I hope they do let's go
check it out first thing every click it
you say anything that girl still says
let's get them all let's get it all
let's get of all let's get them all
let's get them all boom look at they got
full bus - okay
can't we get my camera it died it's
alright I can still zoom on this stuck
oh I can't zoom dang it good kid in a
candy store though think three things
are uh I have a pullout and cap thing
five things six things Evan thing eight
thing nine I'm not gonna live this is a
very successful drifter I'm gonna have a
fall and yeah he didn't feel this like
you thought guys will build and gas but
we didn't build this I was here got to
count the brew write down the microphone
at the Bobo's as a things Oh thing
eleven big 12 and 13 take note I am the
only social media in bullets are in here
guys the same gave a finally moved off
matter I had to thank 15 bang 16 thanks
17 wait a second wait a second wait a
second okay I always knew like these are
AB de but I've never found it guess this
makes it thing 18 okay singing teenagers
ooh cake literally my face on a cake
alright my Jojo I love you what kind of
took it from me right as I was going to
film it she said she needs to vote to
like find the thing I don't care though
I get to judge a suit day it's the
girl's name alive little literally the
coolest day of my life
eating off my face before but I've never
actually physically eaten my face it's
gonna be a first
what is my life today as I learned maybe
everyone your weight 17 minutes so we
didn't eat my face off of cake yes this
is a burning goodness real life this is
like literally realize
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh look at this they
got free cookies I like free drug use
guys are paying right up
literally going to take a chai should
always you do we should smash my face
into my face yes yes that is a thing
smashing my face into my face and that
is 100 percent of things I'm saying
right now
don't we look like each other it's not
weird you sell those out you sell these
out to you sell these out yeah Michelle
you sell all this out
everything everything can I pay you to
say that no I'm out to eat cake that has
my face on I know right oh yeah I have
this thing to give you forgot I got it
bad thanks for you yeah I'm about to eat
my face off your cake in them
well I'm kind of terrified of it but at
the same time it's also pretty amazing
all right I got my receipt I'm going to
pick up the judge okay oh hi Jen I
didn't know you were there I was like
who is the guy following me right now
we're going to pick up the judge okay
all right it's in this bag we're gonna
be putting it on a cake later tonight so
get ready for that now we are ready are
you ready yet you have the receipt see
I'm a solo I don't hear we're now
leading Waller and I will see you guys
at the recording session or in the car I
really know where I'll see you but I'll
see you in three two one
according to you right now we just wrote
a song for you playing on recording it's
kind of a theme of the dance feeling
I've paid a lot to be able to say think
what did I pay you guys this you did I
did not say no to that no but then we
actually ended up important examine we
made a hit you guys so good like the
song ammoniated well I have a body that
song is coming out in 2018 but this is
one of them Jaden
that's that's you is doesn't really so
my oh dude you're not my dad's all right
sorry I thought your dad watch it okay
that's all we don't worry about that so
he actually just wrapped it up in the
Courtney's and I was like wait a second
where's like riddles I got a vlog I was
like you guys closed be on camera for
once people are hiding on camera I love
it you all all right cameras everyone
else hides on camera but we just
finished job everybody see that it was
stupid it we're fine we recorded a great
song but now but now but now there we go
Jaden was born yeah
you guys know that I love giving slight
little detailed hints on things and just
look at my shirt that I'm wearing today
at awkward on that sure it's actually
quite nice do you guys like that word we
love that we don't have to perform for
audience today good flip good do things
but um what are you gonna do about that
later
oh my gosh how fun I do I was going you
guys once ahead Sam by damn I love him
evany ardently love all Jobu get guys
that all great you go there yeah
I'm sorry Sam evany there's probably
pretty much everything Emma knees taught
me a lot Kyle's taught me a lot
oh no no not Kyle I forgot to mention
I'm by the guys name I kept forgetting
his name is Ian so we love we love
everyone I mean we love Sam we love Ian
we love every little bouquet we love who
else tile all you've ever worked on the
Sam yet and ebony but we love those
three I like those that are the ones
that like really really train us like
those are the ones that we usually go to
but they're all good I mean really
though all right kiddos goodies I'm not
gonna lie I was honestly planning on
finishing up my room today but if you
don't know this is what happened to my
room yesterday yeah uh-huh yep there
yeah someone's on the moon to finish it
earlier today and now I'm just I'm just
I'm just not flashback
oh how I love the things I find out all
Marcy my family to get a sword to see in
this thing
to go get to them they're of those shark
heads are absolutely terrifying we also
went golfing today and I had an absolute
terrible time I may or may not have
broken a club so let's get that part of
the vlog started as well okay so we're
back at the driving range and you know
it's cold it's windy but you know what
the great doesn't stop okay so this
wasn't my best day golf my driver broke
never break but also went to I fly that
really really brightened up my day but I
don't I just got done and I fly you know
I improve he without his constant
improvement would you agree
you didn't really good Angeline the
hardest thing today find it one way up
but he can't no I can't accept like
months behind you okay job Oh mustard
relish see you guys tomorrow and I am
throwing the vlog back to Jojo
I love y'all so much thank you for
hanging out with me on this vlog dirty
I was the guys around well I see you
tomorrow because I vlog every single day
and that isn't gonna do it my life stuff
I will see you guys tomorrow
peace out buddy
