here is the before check it out you know
it looks pretty good and now here is
crazy crazy crazy and you guys go in
early in the morning right now and I am
actually about to do a full closet clean
out so look online right now I'm gonna
give you a little before and then I'm
gonna give you an after but just look at
this closet I mean literally just what
is that it's just like so full and so
like Oh too many clothes I watched a
video on what's up mom and basically
what they told me to do is just take
everything out of your closet and your
purse make three piles trash things that
are like have a stain on them I can get
rid of dagon pile is a donate pile some
things that you can donate at third pile
is a Tryon pile and fourth pile is there
oh sure keep pile so I guess I lied and
I said three files but aliens for vials
I was like you know what I might as well
include you guys in on this it's gonna
be pretty fun
I'm about to clean this out I will let
you know if there's anything interesting
just step number one what you gotta do
is you gotta take everything out of your
closet and just take everything out
clear it all out so you can see your
space that you have
oh my god you guys don't look at my
piles so far this is literally my pile
so far and all I've done is that and do
a little bit of that but I've already
come across things that I forgot that I
had like for example my dad and brother
got me this Apple home pod for
Valentine's Day and if they or may not
have been under that giant pile of
clothes on my floor and may or may not
have forgotten about it but hands down
to the level good I mean the Joe Dirt
raid yeah well I even can't wait for
this to be done they did tell me in the
video that it will get worse before it
gets better but they said just take your
time keep going take breaks go for and
tablets you literally said in their
video to tablet you just kind of set
aside a day just tackle it clean out
because you know I mean who doesn't have
a giant toothbrush just kind of hanging
out in their closet I mean I definitely
don't I don't know why I do it they've
got the floor is all cleared out
now it's your turn diagonal I this is a
bit more insane than I thought it would
be
buh buh what do you think about it
alright that's exactly how I feel
yes I have a bag of confetti poppers and
silly string just hanging out in my
closet nailing it almost done with the
clear out all I gotta let this Joe Joe
merge alright Plaza is all cleared out
and that is the aftermath uh-huh okay
alright
literally just a giant huge pile of
clothes I think my next step is probably
going to be to do shoes because I have a
feeling most of these are not gonna fit
me anymore and then do that I can kind
of clear this out and make room for new
shoes oh yeah oh my gosh already so what
drove my head survive these are all the
shoes that I'm keeping so far I know
there's definitely some shoes in that
pilot or I'm actually not just about to
get started on that pile of crap scared
I'm kind of excited I don't really know
what I am but just look at that thing ow
it's literally like oh gosh that was a
lot more difficult than I thought it was
gonna be it's literally just so deep
like filled with clothes like it's like
I don't even know like what I can
compare it to look at compared to a
normal bag of Doritos it's like huge
compared to a fruit roll-up it's a huge
compared to a fruit roll-up it's just
huge compared to a Kids Choice Awards be
careful be careful they dude
like literally this pilot doesn't say it
again I actually have to go to inside
and I would catch up with you in a
second snack break my mom is already on
camera right now so all you gonna do is
hear her voice but mom what did you
order why do we have four loaves of
cheesecake factory brown bread what did
you order and we got four full leg like
we'll get compared to my arm full leg
loads of brown bread that is the thing
okay I will take it
oh really those two cases yeah we're
doing these two oh dang it
next time you call for help hi Laura
how's it going
thank you for coming over and we've made
some progress oh my goodness kiddos okay
so Lauren is gone now and I just I have
to go to bed because it is about
midnight right now and I have my big
quarterly meeting with Nickelodeon
tomorrow at 8 a.m.
YUM it's basically where I find out like
all the big details of pretty much
what's going on for the next quarter
what are you doing Jaden why are you
putting on a Jojo hoodie I did oh thank
you for grabbing it I'm meeting tomorrow
8:00 in the morning it's not gonna be
fun getting up but it is gonna be a fun
meeting didn't stop you're making me
laugh okay it's not upside down it's
just backwards
okay Jamie we're done we're done we're
done I got an outdoor my blog Oh give it
as I said before Jaden gaming it around
ed I have an 8 o'clock a.m. meeting
which means I have to wake up around
probably six o'clock whoo that's giving
me basically about six hours of sleep
which is two hours that I've gotten
these tests for tonight so I should
actually probably be fine but that is a
wrap ma today thank you so much for
joining me on this closet adventure here
is the before check it out you know it
looks pretty good and now here is the
after oh yeah I'm very excited it is not
joke I already showed you the after but
my brother thought I was going to show
you right now this is what my brother
did nice I feel like I should wrap this
up in my closet all right that is a wrap
on today I love you all so much thank
you watching this vlog and I will see
you guys tomorrow because I have like
every single day in it is the same so
I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace bye
I also do bring out the budget that this
is also the aftermath of it yeah yep
there yeah so this is all going on right
now with that is but really as a rapper
but a bit I love y'all so much I'll see
you guys about peace right boom
