hey guys good every single see what it
is other than a little bit okay okay
that's good I lose it a little bit what
I'm good I'm good I'm just all glad and
so delighted to hear that you can go
I'm journey my mom how did these zooms
right now you can zoom like but not like
that no no no it's like it's like zoom
in and then zoom out like zoom in on one
thing if I talk about like if I were to
talk like Bobo right now go Bobo and
then back like you know like it's like a
zoom things let's try the zoom thing you
ready oh you guys going everything let's
see what it is nuts she's too slow on oh
go get will go get are you ready to try
again
hey good morning everyone here we go any
guys good boy okay we're gonna give you
choose the thumb and your cue okay get
some is when you pull out and you guys
and they stay there there is a dial they
were on how's it that you hear such a
fear how's it going today guys good I'm
just so glad that you so glad is your
next to you so glad so glad and
delighted you okay you're good you're
good shoes I don't you just know your
jeans come to me friends come to me you
guys like I was a good everything is it
going guys good good here mom your dude
skills they're getting better
they are pretty epic I will admit you're
just getting a little crazy going like
this and I was just a little confused I
was going a little scary for me there's
not 50th times Davis but you guys do it
every to go see what it is either that's
a little memory what I'm doing yeah
that's good glad hear it clearly if you
cannot tell already I don't want it to
hear plain we were about to take off on
fun fun fun but just wait what
that is not how my day started but
before I even get into this vlog wait
take note
okay okay back to it back to it so hard
our day struck that I kind of just made
like a little montage over dad kind of
dead like here's this here's that here's
it so just check it out okay oh yeah hey
no we're volume Delta and apparently so
is everyone else who looks so cute and
cozy are ready to fly I was checking
going better
that's way better okay but seriously
just look at this little bit and go back
in your stroller there you go bye Bobo
you know I got a little sucker for the
Ray that's yummy going on a walk these
little noses that is that you Bobo
is that are you coming out what are you
doing in there I did a plane we got lots
of snacks mom what are you doing in my
cheese no you're not you're strange he's
like that no no honestly go to view and
do that beard why would you wanna feel
it it's stringy like it's a thing I
don't want to string into that punch it
I was loving always juice thank you and
now that Lisa back here friends how's it
going Bobo how's it going all right
mom are you eating your cheese funny
again is it just me do you guys use
string cheese like that I do not eat
changes I got I see string or you do not
either like that who eats like that wait
do you guys do you guys let me know in
the comments if you guys do I actually
want to know this but Wow okay oh it's
either cool people ate it never was not
cool over the dog not going not go
animals all right but we have a
five-and-a-half color flight ahead of us
and I am NOT excited but I am excited
for what I'm gonna be doing on this
flight I'm basically gonna be working
the whole time but it's kind of gonna be
nice because I was gonna like sit down
and focus and work and not move a muscle
I was kidding I am obviously gonna move
myself because I'm George on various
squirmy and I like to move a lot but I
am actually gonna be coming up with my
youtube channel plans for the whole year
yeah the whole you're like I'm literally
going to plan as much out as I can not
so much like video why's that J like if
I want to change anything different
profile fits like I'm literally gonna
try to come up with as much as I can to
make 2018 the easiest year ever for me
it's the best you're ever premiere means
you have to be 2017 ok enough library
aren't about my play let's just do it
with my boy let's do this one every play
I tell myself
I'm gonna work and then I kind of just
sit down my feet kind of just randomly
lays back I maybe eat some food and then
I fall asleep so literally though I have
a lot every flight like right now I'm
watching a movie I'm playing with my dog
and I'm gonna follow the time I'm not
gonna get any work done like let's be
real but that is okay because I believe
that I have all day tomorrow
after my plans for tomorrow is going to
be going to I fly and it didn't work
done I have two very important things in
literally I can't wait like what is it
thank you I mean is there so I'm
actually gonna take a nap right now
because I'm tired okay I really got like
five hours of sleep but I got five hours
of sleep I'm like I'm trying to vlog
right now but clearly it's not working
really my lytics off literally
everything that's all working out for me
tonight I just want to take a nap like
my brain is just tired I just can't
think of anything so I'm going to take
it up and I will see you when I wake up
Brazil we are the day off that's like a
versus oh my god I can't win I am me
vagina Kim is everyone - let me go - I
plan tomorrow but I don't know it's
gonna happen I'm gonna drink and just
gonna depend on it what when so I'm
really gonna depend on if I wake up at a
decent time tomorrow or if I wake up at
4 o'clock we're gonna find out but get
us out as I hear everyone's day I love
you all so I thank you for hanging out
with me on this vlog bow boys you have
anything to say that's a no it's riders
ride she's tired you sleepy I actually
did just wake her up from her little map
so I gotta go put her back to bed you
guys if that is all that happens I think
he's over Georgia this wagon I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
I don't really care about what they said
I'll come back like a boom
