photoshoot for UK magazine called Top of
the Pops Girl Talk
I knew that oh yeah it's Christmastime
all right what is it beverage in right
March what is the camera I knew that
awesome oh yeah lights on tonight dinner
hands around learn sad you Liberty bow
JoJo's New York City movie weird Reggie
Jackson look at I photoshopped that on
there Photoshop that Yoda on there and
took my logo so today we have a full day
of plans who got my movie premiere
tonight we have this footage right now
even though it's February this every
photo shoot time so we've actually
already done one look in this version
but durable I'm sorry I'm gonna be
vlogging now we got that many looks over
there to do we got all these people over
there looking devil blogging hi it's a
far it's pretty great see but now you
are coming along with me on the studio
footage it's the let's get goin listen
to can touch this and this what happens
very good lady
I was late Dale I gotta say one thing
about me that I am very proud of is I do
not draw any attention to myself don't
you think like literally no attention
has ever drawn to me none is zero zip
zilch
but you and I changed up completely as
you can tell I'm so happy because I work
my friend wrote secret vomit I'm one of
the writers but literally showing people
are making fun of me right now it's fine
let them they don't understand how all
the biggest interest understand that
that is what I like till I can say I
changed up and we are actually headed to
the premiere party right now I'm on your
side I'm sorry I don't do it right let's
go party friends check it out so what's
happening is there is a dinner first and
then we are going to the premiere and
then we were going bowling after but
everyone who's here because hi Jana Jana
here came here
okay who else are you bowling it arouses
here Hey
okay you want to treat does that work
you want a cookie
I don't want a cookie hey burger alright
I got hi Jacob Turner a joke and
Christopher and Duncan I don't get oh
don't you look hi Duncan hey Duncan take
a bite of that bread if you're excited
and then we got Jessica and Bailey and
who are you
it is it's great we're definitely not
here for my movie forever you're not
what what are you here for Colleen's
here Gauri's you're hi Cory
that'sthat's really why you're excited
isn't it
Jayden's here and nate is here and gala
hi Kayla jazzy jazzy there's a smile say
alright hi Jenny jazzy and Kelleen are
livin tonight she was wearing this
little bomber before I like it she's not
paying attention to me but she's right
now Barbara now
there oh you called it he said hey
Gillian can ya we'd read my childhood
definitely yes okay that's a heaven
okay Padres is here hi everybody treats
loves the camera which is like yeah my
kids I keep buzzing look at me
jay-z's here and races here and we're
Anna's here and Giuliana's here Diana's
here and Chris des here and out what are
you doing
and Halley's here at Lauren Gerrie this
is a blurred face because she gets
embarrassed on my blog because she
doesn't want her friends know that she's
hanging out with me because she's
embarrassed by nice badges getting to
her to that house Jana hi Jana I love
you you love me
I sure yeah all right I'm just gonna
she's gonna go that way now okay
Christopher your baby is the funniest
thing ever it is very very cute I like
it and I can't even and Debbie and garen
the new houses over here we got Kim
Indiana we got so many people he's got
and of course yeah I'm here literally
this party has the world's cutest kids
at it like I can't get over yeah blowing
on in we finish up here at dinner and
now we are coming into the movie theater
I think we have like a minute so the
show isn't look at everyone's odds
coming in I love it can the hi Kendall
I'm a lawyer right now because this
person right now is taking pictures of
me and they want me to pretend that I'm
lying here I know so Sunday yeah
hopefully you wanna vlog daytime
oh you took my phone did you like it
yeah alright did you like it yes did you
like it okay did you like it hey did I
get Victoria I love it
so much fun you like it Nickelodeon
movie make all three of you happy
into it out of you
we're bowling party right now it is so
much fun
this is my favorite
I think you wanna go back up oh you'll
go down okay you want to go down one day
with self on Kayla D okay that wasn't me
I did not drop you Tommy
yeah you like a movie yeah there's great
Jada Jada did you like the movie
oh she's cheeping jazzy did you like the
movie today do your old room I will say
it already gets a lot of things I Ralph
on deck I love y'all so much I'll see
you guys are on while cuz I blog every
day wonder who told her to say that oh I
guess I was the author of our because I
every single day bye
