are you a blogger oh my gosh I got to we
are here at liquid sky sports and if you
don't know what this lasers I love it
Lydia so I am here today getting my gut
some points in for a fly but I'm so
excited to talk about like Junior today
we're gonna go and I'm gonna have a
fitting make sure it all fits and then
like for me and a little bit I'm gonna
come pick up the final version but you
it's gonna be like doing a minute
literally I'd also do like look at this
they made me this sure I mean pretty
amazing isn't it oh I'm so excited
how are you hi max play now that I'm
here at how are you oh my god that's
like that guy's pie yet yes Simon was
fun goodbye honey
I'll see you later oxygen for your
reference I've been hanging out with
this kid for a long time and we're best
friends now so flashback you're adorable
I love your unicorn
Thank You Emma my son oh my gosh it's
all unicorn thing summer's day I'm
watching your own Jojo bell and then I
was hoping that you like slime and I
brought you your own slime kit there you
go now you can make some slime in a
flashback almost Julio you think they're
ready to see not everything I do not
know what is it has my guy as my unicorn
on it as my logos on it like their logo
they're in love up there was a logo on
the back on the back oh my gosh okay
clearly it's not finished as they say I
got a head like like the air and like
the coolest thing is Julio fun boy so
much alright so now we are on our way to
go visit my mom and the dentist because
why share the Dennis oh because she's
getting her keep down basically 200
Lopez I heard of the dentist she wanted
me here so I'm here she wanted Jane here
so Yi's here if we gotta go upstairs now
we're gonna go get some lunch at the one
the only
cake factory let's go check in with my
mom hey mom how's it going how's it
going how's it going how's it going see
let's see what's what's going on today
factory I'm not gonna lie it wasn't that
young boy you right now but then this
little kid walked in and look at this Oh
as she sees me she sees me I'm not very
various like bullying and she's got the
buh buh she's got the bow bow no click
the bow bow and the bow I mean I'm gonna
go over and say hi to her because this
is just the cutest thing ever
hi what's your name Alea you're so cute
look at yo gazebo you got a Jojo Bop did
you know that I was gonna be here no she
just oh you did you just buy all that
that was everything she had the bubble
journal yeah the bow bow and Santa Bowen
I mean I love it oh my gosh you guys
look what I just found
whoa oh my god I can't forget all those
chickens
I think there's pigs yeah there's the
pig hi PV do with your stuff do with
your stuff out across behind are you
bloggers
oh my gosh the thing is huge
video buddies
he's got the correctly not this one but
chicken but season really terrified
right now
oh you can pick up a chicken they won't
even pick it up won't do it Thank You
Carla is done Charlotte's absolutely
adorable it
wait where's Ranger Fred so this is
school this is a school this is Colfax
charter elementary this is Roxy was she
by yes Oh Oh God oh gosh it's a baby
he's the literally the sweetest little
tiny chick that his name is Ranger Fred
what are you what buddy
I'm really strong just the hears thing
ever I know he is the key my gosh I
can't go it and then bring him to your
body
I'm doing it I'm doing it I am holding a
chicken who I am only a chicken I am I
am good I actually have to go but um
right it was so nice I love you older
chicken Oh Charlotte just came in of a
chicken yes Charlotte the first person
that I've seen that's got a little more
than you but what do you do with the
eggs the kids take them home and eat
them or we take the moment you may take
them home you need to feel our warm
enough oh my gosh even hotter that one
yeah yeah what I feel so you can't this
right now it'll be like yo my recording
session so have the recording session
today it was super fun I got to write a
new song another record a little bit on
it it was great you guys are not even
ready for a jean like it's gonna be so
good
I am so many designs coming out and
actually do aiyah aiyah aiyah
I have a song coming on April's love
that's like this month so I get ready
but but so as you guys know earlier
today I went to liquid sky to get my
custom fire and now Jade where we headed
oh yeah
good I'm floggin adjust our new tunnels
ooh I'm so excited so let's go to city
wok James we transport their transport
there
what's that thing that was I don't have
my helmet yeah but I love the heating
that zero seriously I just look at this
bed if everybody Oh
because I'm very take it off all the do
I look like a hot mess right now so I do
need a shower but come on one hour later
though because it's very good then I do
love it so much second go I look like a
hot mess right now but that's not a bad
thing because a shower can fix that so
fine you're grabbing it up for the night
thank you so attractive this blog makes
you subscribe in Sudan if you have not
already actually you know I just come
let's have a chat
hi friends oh I didn't talk to you
because if you're gonna see whatever
yeah and you're not subscribed yet like
what are you doing sky right now instead
of a pub blogs out your everything down
don't steal bikes with subscribe and get
ready
but anyways of you guys thank you so
much watching and I will what I will see
you tomorrow
