because those like in the kiddies are
dull and I love this just actually makes
me love dresses I don't know why I just
so cute Oh date and I just love it so
much
I'm like a little girl it's my bow
anyway today we are going to the Wonder
Woman and toys down Dulli with toys gala
business be really fun head of TV at
Nickelodeon which is all the products
inside Nickelodeon is going to be there
that's rhomboid and of course my mother
is going and the voices it's going to be
5 because you know literally everything
is fun so let's get going to do but
David I have to serve the local but
clearly dressed appropriately in New
York like I was saying I'm clearly
dressed appropriately in New York
freezing brother and why not everyone
else has on winter coats so watch me I
thank you why would you wear windows go
when you can just come out in like a
short sleeve as shortly I mean why not
look it says you first walk in and wait
so you can't can't Easter at all oh okay
well there's one over there do I believe
but Wow okay y'all I'm excited about
those but Wow okay I'm very happy
because there's more of them have
another camp I am literally just so
doesn't my outfit today like it is my
beard they are only two high you didn't
like where my specialist like I'm gonna
be a lawyer then I'm like probably
though
in here either all people of like my
I've really connected with like a woman
like I just my writing joke is that my
friends aren't either currently getting
about run to be like my friend jockeys
are four years old or younger or thirty
years old it over like we're in the car
now just left the event and look at this
you guys okay kid in a candy store doll
I don't know if I was exactly supposed
to take this doll but hey I did if I
didn't somebody else would have to like
wait what's wrong was it I gotta go out
of the deal to throw actively jeggings
is all I may have ripped it off a post
but hey still got a doll out of the deal
so check it out all right guys so we're
about to leave the event but every step
because those are kid McKinney's are
dollar idea whatever god
I got jaded some join document
do I get to loves my little 5 I like
your butt wait I wanna see it I love it
you got a Jojo Bowen who's that who did
you do Kylie's your Imagineers Tatum
Oakley and Jess and Bailey and Jacob and
Berger okay all right and Duncan 3os
they fail it don't make no sense out of
here champion we I'm fairly going rogue
like bubblegum rock pile of junk we got
our day you know doesn't separate I
learned magic ditch just because you
know they got little kids they got a
sleeve Oh devil dogs don't watch don't
watch
look at Debian has the burglar she's in
the burger hey daddy are you in the bone
club
yeah yeah then you got this on is just
wide awake ready for what wanted to do
that candy and then there's this one
who's a cutie 1 minute 37 seconds later
I already give us I'm back in the hotel
right on TV Lawrence's your yarn is yarn
is staying in my room because the boys
are actually seeing another man bad boys
I mean my brother and also to my cousin
Casey's don't like stayin in that
removes come here boys
oh don't like Lord more than me Papa
loves if you are I think you know I like
you gotta back it up in the night
because I love y'all so much I will see
you guys tomorrow so buddy that was a
weird outro but whatever bite
