I've been in a lot of dollars and this
by the loser term that I have ever been
in is crazy crazy crazy hey old friend
so we're really honored to play around
as I kind of gotta keep my boys a little
bit down what's gonna vlog in the oh
part and then it was just a hot mess
so let me tell you about our day that
we've had it was just well so we got to
check it and it was just it was just a
hot mess it was the girls first day she
couldn't really understand what was
going on it was just you know it ended
up all oh yeah we're on the plane would
go to RIT situate it's hey you guys go
ahead every single see what it is other
this attack a little bit oh hi are you
gotta just a little bit has a good day
guys good good yeah well back to earlier
this morning when this dog would just
lose the kids old thing ever she just
wanted to get her stroller so bad and
then aza did go back to say goodbye to
the house born gonna miss this house
stop see what a second you're getting
your stroller your game stroller your
get it deep love first stroller
no daddy you got go-go girl you're back
okay you love your value love your bag
mighty fret so just a quick little
flight updated honestly been so good of
them whole like this one's just
well they did just make it a knot so
that it might be no longer Yahoo and
that's really into me got out of
generate something nothing too lazy I
got great chocolate chip cookie but it
is
how cute this little doggie is just look
at that
nobody anytime until he comes over to
like take our drink take food back or
anything bubble goes crazy like she
doesn't want them to take it doesn't
matter she just did you what are you
gonna do is go to someone
we should land here at Mountain what he
is minute so enjoy this longtime
cardamon I will see you after the break
20 minutes later welcome back to the
airplane we are currently actually
landing right now which is really really
excited knocking why the flight with
their dashboard they go fast for you
the whole flight we have ladies a job we
are preparing the cabin or landing a
little bit early like I was saying that
we landed site was uneventful I watched
a couple movies currently watching
bizarre mark I slept I made really
nothing does like weird people ie there
was much why we're BOGO is like going
easy and all that I had a happen when
she just hadn't gone up there's a virtue
into spasm
here's a camera like this I have been on
so many flights we go you - you've been
on many flights yeah I should've been on
many planes we've been hanging out for
the past hour you know I have been on so
many flights traveled so many places and
I would have to go with probably the
worst experience I have ever had the
gate was getting the stroller it was
getting checked in was you know great
people we had a three-way how the dog
got up to the gate no no dog on the
reservation if we were on American we
usually fly Delta hold on I guess for
arms so now we are going down to that
you drive and I'm sure there's gonna be
an issue and I'd like to just probably
Lausanne or checking the girl printed
out our baggage tags and put the wrong
names on a 300 robber robbed on him so
we had some rid of it that was just just
hot mess this was our first time flying
American and how long would you say six
months we usually fly Delta expecially
in New York and we're like you know what
Americans they have like a new club at
LAX their planes our new never again if
I could give you guys any
recommendations all right but now we're
going down to baggage claim my arm is
hurting because I'm holding the camera
and then holding the dog it's just a
whole pretension I gotta put you guys
down
Vova is just enjoying her time okay okay
okay she wants to run she wants to run
where we go home FOMO
okay we're at baggage filling right now
boom ooh is look at this she is just you
know having the time of her life down
here I like it we got her first bag in
we got our stroller back but it's been
literally so long and I've had a old
disco use whole time but hey you've been
playing with Bob alright yeah she's been
playing she's been watching bow before
me I gotta give her some credit I'm just
so happy
damn traveling is over it was just such
a hot mess but can't wait to be to the
hotel because hopefully that will start
a great night off better and I just want
the night to be better than the day so
hopefully that will happen which
everyone finally in the garb the day of
crazy traveling is over we're not trying
to tell you but I have a feeling that
would be better than this was wow what a
day that was in dead like every little
thing like you're like oh this thing we
find all this thing we focus on Howard
it was like it was crazy different it's
fine we made it their world life it was
an experience it gave me something to
talk about but now we're in the car
because of donut donut that's applause
home are you like Dunkin Donuts oh yeah
we gotta make it we could you Jamaican
not gonna lie Dunkin Donuts has never
been so good before oh it's so hard to
control this teacup Yorkie I mean look
at her buh buh buh buh you gotta calm
down
you got it gone like it doesn't look
like come on guys but in the meantime
we've been in the lobby for good to
wanti minutes I mean this day everything
is just day you'd be so long but it's
okay because I would really have you
right now I'm really finding them but
this one what am I supposed to do with
this dawn Bob out calm down
oh my gosh you guys we just got into a
room you're not even ready for this are
you
no you're not you're right well not not
not welcome in to the awesomeness of a
doll room ever I've been in a lot of
hotel rooms and this is why the clothes
are dumb that I have ever been in oh my
god so close just cool okay you ready
for the joy let's do it we got a little
mini kitchen I don't I don't even see
this I'm here Oh another bathroom oh
that's nice oh okay nice
I found them I got a little got cups I
think these are like cow doesn't
someone's here
okay I'm gonna keep on the door sorry
okay we got a little dining room little
area see that see that little table a
little TV a fancy-schmancy little living
room with look wait for these lights
look at how cool these lights on oh my
god that's so cool a beautiful view of
Times Square there's a really cool
little cocoon Egg Chair thingies
check out this entryway my favorite part
about the room is the circle bed I've
literally always wanted a little couch
area TV little safe and dresser area
little bathtub boo boo thing back that's
enough oh wow this is the shower right
here I didn't even notice that one
little bathroom way way look at look at
that's a TV right there that's me right
there I'll carry very nice bathroom and
mom oh oh oh did you get your teeth
fixed okay and hey look at that a little
Doyle area and then you come on Joe
nice we're staying in this room tonight
and then we're actually moving to a
better room tomorrow so that's gonna be
fine but I'm just so happy I stayed out
a lot of hotels in New York and this has
just made my night because I today has
you know has been a crazy day and like I
was saying we've seen in a lot of hotels
and we've never found one really that
we're like obsessive then like we want
to stay at every single time and I think
rebounder and I'm very very happy and
good news is there's no rooms like
around this like this is like the whole
side of the hotel it's a I can be as
laughs come on and I would you know
noise complaints I like yet but now I'm
gonna put you down because I gotta go
don't just be weird my property mister
I'm just gonna put you down for a second
I'll catch up with you later
I don't have shoes on right now we're
out of clap with my baby can i I'm just
so happy but it is claps a new and
you're happy and you know it clap your
me if you have you know
maybe if you're happy and you know and
my face will surely show it if you're
happy and you know it clap your feet if
you're happy and you know it stomp your
hands yeah I need to be done with that I
think you know sometimes I do got one
that I love y'all so much thank you for
watching this boy page you guys come
back to my because I'm vlogging every
single day and every single day is a new
day tomorrow is going to be a super fun
day I honestly have no clue what you
know we're doing tomorrow I'm not gonna
spoil too much but I am excuse me but I
am going to say that I work a really
pretty dress tomorrow and you guys are
really gonna love it so make sure you
come back tomorrow to check that out
makes you subscribe you serious I love
it I think so much Rogers like and I'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
I'm a closer
