we are currently in Oh according to do
technically we're not recording said
technically we're songwriting today but
we are in another you don't haven't been
in this on yeah I haven't been in this
one day either exact so first days a
charm but you guys we're writing some
music today it is going to be pretty
epic let me introduce you to everyone
who's here mom and Ally hanging out in
the corner gossiping telling secrets you
guys wanna say hi
yeah I know but it's really fun Celeste
you guys are dead they had this song
read is that I'm working with for this
specific song girl oh my gosh they're
not even ready for da teens music it's
gonna be epic
I gotta go get back to it with these
guys because we're you know we're kind
of in the middle of writing and they're
kind of like took a break it I was like
hey wait I gotta say hi to you so I
gotta go get back to these did you show
you what's going on
right now I'm putting hands down and I
will catch up with you later so when you
have 45 minutes to get to your next
place where do you guys are yeah yeah
yeah
but real he's not going to tell you is
because usually I tell you saying like
this little cafe would have really good
food look that's so depressing
we should not leave seemed like Danskin
stuff no let's go bye Jojo Marsh
we gotta get to another songwriting
session but all I wanted was with me so
Chancellors I'm start to feed sauce back
now I'm just getting my second recording
studio and oh you got a booty organizing
but according to you I should probably
not be swinging this guitar around this
probably $2,000 is getting is right now
but I don't know but we organized our
recordings here right now this is Peter
we're about to write a brilliant we are
about to write paper aliens are just
doesn't just deal the camera away from
me I mean because great no but I mean
come on look at this face My dear
woman's back in hi mom
hey how's it going good you're back in
always
how is dental rest amazing okay did you
love it
no yeah a lot she's loved hold on did
you drink lots of diet coke okay sure
anyways we gotta get back into this
writing session because it's going great
you have a great idea I can't tell you
right yeah but we do haven't been on you
don't
we absolutely do and I'll tell you one
thing strikes out on one thing are you
ready for this
it is inspired by my favorite movie ever
but my favorite movie out of this song
this song is inspired by right
absolutely so excited okay we gotta go
to vector I do bicep you don't get out
of in there you ugly bad because you're
cool right yeah I catch up with you guys
later
so my mom's getting some new hair today
she's not getting kids old by then too
because you know she's not as cool as I
am Vincent we don't you gotta fight
gentle back in my hair because I want
that again don't we yeah but if I do it
when I get back from New York yeah I
think I want to get like rainbow or pink
or like the ombre you know the ombre
where it like starts from color then end
to color yeah I want to do that
keep it like it what are you gonna get
done to your hair well what's that under
there's this little girl right here she
is going to be fixing all my mom's hair
I don't know the technique makes it look
bad but she's gonna put something to it
and we're gonna find out what something
is but now bitch is leave me because
Vincent's work here is done here already
fix that or up and did what he needed to
do and it is going to be great and
you're gonna get some new hair yes
you're gonna get new here and I am
thumbnailing I am girly thumbnailing a
kangaroo can't say Photoshop you knew
before that the deli first for me like
Marcia Brady right okay you ready to get
your hair colored alright wait let's do
a little before and after here's the
before oh gosh hamed i'm guys what's
this before Oh a girl who go with this
hair oh well that's that's awkward kill
you know roots get a little under okay
yep are you ready for the after idea
come
uh-oh okay wait you're not done yet but
you can gotta get the gist of your hair
like it looks pretty good
baby look who's got a kiss-up go oh yeah
no it is me too I mean from here tonight
my geeks are here tonight long
that's a collar party Bobo am I getting
some hair tonight oh yeah I'm getting a
little fresh color of tonight Daisy I
gonna mess my hair up I thought I
thought you're nodding your head yes I
got a little scared okay know it no I do
know a lot of things go because we did I
did not have that so she's gonna fix I
have you know my mom wait show them my
stripe show them I strike you gotta hold
this the hair just like hey her looks
really good you want to do my dear I
wasn't ready for that but I'm sure for
me I have an attention span of the size
of this one I love my hair done and I'll
update you in real time like right now
you can't really tell anything but it
does look so good also to on hair brush
it feels really good one's a really good
good job you did my good you're dead
good good I like this cuz you render
luck good job dad proud of you you've
watched something today good job Bo's
Bo's Kimmel Baba's eating MP but we
haven't even call it a blind day says
about a food fight
sure like a blind games doesn't matter
food buy one it was a watery blue and
whipped cream and dater it was a lot of
beds get excited to Jane is like if they
do what okay so we are in the kitchen
and you know what since I like to eat
we're doing a blind taste test and I'm
gonna let her pick out all my food Hey
look at my wife
and rule I can touch any of the food I
can smell it but I've got my first one
was my first underwater I do it alright
have fun over yonder
where is it Joe Joe give me the spoon
you're just gonna take a spray of it
okay
that's right Gatorade yeah go to my
phone and my wallet is in my pocket hose
water guys you've done where's my water
no there's salt in your pants a test I
am done with the taste test they have
all these better little games and
garlic's offering Jeremy I had one
really good thing for a change well I
had one more really good thing it's that
it doesn't taste bad it's really funny
I'm not really the master okay hold the
camera it's just a funny one is it
edible glitter no friends welcome back
to my part of the why you guys so I am
currently chilling in my room right now
and I have to pack I don't what the back
but I got too bad I think I got a pack
for is I am actually going to New York
New York now I'm going to do I get the
reason why I'm going to New York is for
some gala thing that I'm doing with the
head of CP at Nickelodeon
my name is Pam Kaufman and she's super
super straight I love her so so much -
I've known a gal with her what else am i
doing my movie is premiering so we're
having a premiere party thanks to Planet
Hollywood and book and pepero so I'm
super super excited for that all my
friends are coming to London - who all
is coming to New York with me we have
Hallie Jana Lauren who else who I look
at Debbie Colleen
Jessica Rachel Chris Parker Bailey Jacob
danke Kyler Matt kata Mowgli so many
people are going to New York okay Kenny
remember although Nate's coming okay
Candace Dax Jada I'm well Strauss days
I'm so many people are coming if you can
tell so many people if I left you out of
those are just my brain is you know
disappearing today so much so I'm ready
to literally start writing because the
most draining thing ever but it's so fun
and I love it so that's how I'm going
you like ads back also - I'm doing a
photo shoot so I'm going to start
packing up and I will see you when I'm
about maybe halfway they put him all the
way down I don't know what I'll see you
but I'll see you and thank you one what
an experience that was than y'all madam
for the
I actually have three suitcases but one
of them is carried downstairs right now
the other one is chilled right here and
the other one is right there that was
actually Bobo's suitcase my room right
now is kind of a hot mess I would be
sleeping out on the couch tonight just
because my bed is made which like really
happens but I don't like leaving like
Navas with other than a dog big in the
morning so I'm just leaving out there
tonight anyways get us some come on man
let me also so so much thank you for
watching this vlog if you'd like to be
sure to give it a big thumbs up I never
tell you to do that but I will see you
guys tomorrow I will I see you guys
tomorrow because I'm a vlogger and I
vlog every day that is my life it's what
I do tomorrow we have fun day we're
traveling to New York but I am actually
so tired right now it's like past our
bedtime I do I don't have a British pass
my bed time right now it's not as a wrap
on a level so much and peace out baby I
don't really care about what they say
I'm a come back like a boomerang
