oh my god no out of the office she's
still our dead to arrest of all I guess
that the rest
she's got I'm just like taking it easy
and she's like all amen oh my god take a
nap gotta let them know me wherever all
the things but it's okay but if you were
wondering she's had your drink very good
and you guys a price here later tonight
in the vlog my friends we have a whole
two thousand years later one eternity
later I'm gonna spoil it a little for
you but wait I guess generally parties
in the intro this long I think yeah with
a baby kangaroo tonight a baby kangaroo
other than that I'm in the recording
studio today which was really fun I'm
hanging out back at the house today
which is really fun and other than that
I haven't really no other clue what I'm
doing today is about any further you
let's get this vlog go get ready for the
most epic vlog ever because I am
actually like very confident that this
will be the most epic vlog ever
we just got that reporting which is
really cool because we've been writing a
lot now we recorded something bad did
you like it maybe will you do your
impression of me come on I see how it is
hi smells great today you guys you're
gonna love it twenty G's gonna be
awesome now we are on our way to where
we're going
a fitting we're going to a fitting we
got dad at their job we got toothless
over there the bass is juicy and you
don't understand the Reverend she up for
it I feel so bad for you mom that's
awful she said she feels bad for herself
but she likes to go to my videos you
guys she likes and nowhere I just she
had a great opinion she ought to share
her opinion yeah she doesn't even put
her two sensing the songwriting
the songwriting session went great I
actually had a boy house there was a
break did you have last night well you
weren't at it's not a high god I said
but such a rude word bubblehead you
can't do that because I went away but oh
there's those bubble head dirt clearly
hassle and he's not telling me it and he
said if you're on a vlog I'll give you
something you guys you guys I'll give
you just on the vlog and I was like um
yes I'll give you one guess what could
be like this oh my gosh okay wait can
they see that yeah yeah kaleidoscope if
you don't know I won the Kids Choice run
last year for favorite viral music
artist and that was in March and now it
is February and I finally got my work
but do you realize that I was gonna be
the clothes for Bobo
like analyzing a video on there dude
we're gonna cover fitting right now I
can't hear with that that's cool as they
ever say girl I always see ya and thank
you Alex I owed you and thank you dad
and mom I had the idea for handing it to
me and not breaking it I guess because
why would they ship it to my house I
mean who would do that happened why are
they just you know a little longer than
a few minutes later we are actually
doing that fitting if you can't tell I
changed my bow because I traded our
turbos because you didn't really have a
keelboat I was like listen you take the
teal bow and I'll take this book and - I
changed him pants because he needed my
pants for he's only 80 but you can't
know you're creating but yeah we had a
trade oh I just hit you in the face but
I know last time that I was here I
showed you guys something really cool I
showed you like some old life I guess
you could call it vintage there so 2017
like look at his so many of them you had
them set out for me Arturo what what
look at this look at this okay wait
we have slime fast right here we got the
Mall of America one right there browse
this is from this is from NFL Kids Day
oh my gosh that's from my first Halo
Awards Wow
it is really cool to see all of it's
like oh my little old things coming in
together but now we're gonna go home do
some school gonna get some work done and
then I'm playing with a baby can't go
out tonight played with mr. GRU I'm so
excited okay let's go home back at our
house right now currently what is going
on over there know me you know that hey
I love my job divert me hello my dog
Lola and I guess your biology toxin if I
have to does that all get my guts and
then - hello my family and I love you
guys it's any living animal on this
planet okay no lucky just stand even
under more something boys let me just
even get into more detail any baby
animals okay okay I ready I don't know I
guess I'm just not happy right up eight
thirty eight in about ten minutes you
guys Oh baby kangaroo is gonna help out
Gus oh wow I guess I just I'll just fade
it give me what okay yes I'm serious a
baby kangaroo is about to show up at my
house I am so excited I'm gonna buzz Oh
your name oh yeah I knew that
oh my god oh my gosh yeah oh you don't
you know like boom boom boom boom boom
everybody can move up don't wanna give
your ear right now that's okay
literally again ruin my house right now
boomer boomer like a York and grew and
you're in my house and you're a kangaroo
and you are in my house there's a king
room in my house oh I'm like kind of
fangirling right now his Bob Edwards and
you know get ready because be everywhere
tonight
hey I am model feeding a kangaroo right
now
well you guys I found my new best friend
really knows how to eat fast okay I
think hold on hey you Lucy my room my
room
hey foot moves or he's gonna stay here
and our conversation and you know enjoy
a snack together can you do that luckily
playing with a kangaroo okay by the best
in my life and I have done a lot of
things like this of what Kids Choice
Award I have three and Counting more
dolls I've done a text I got released a
book I've done a lot of things but this
playing with a kangaroo I have to say
his pride but my favorite thing yet Emma
then will win a Jimmy though I'm not
very good at British accents accuse
anyone cares my five grand Chanyeol
think it's ready talent and you need a
kangaroo drain or just called
Jojo see what five five five five five
five five five five five
both where's my
yes I believe a kangaroo
i lured Giselle the camera okay he's
gone he's got but I just know that is
nothing I can say that I have never done
before real moment for a second I am
actually like in love like Valentine's
Day past I did not have a Valentine guys
Valentine okay we're pretty goober and
dodo wood right now I found some JoJo's
new laces I just ripped up my mom I'm
gonna be pretty mad at me because we're
doing more than least but it's okay
anything we're visiting room yes George
over John George isn't just for people
it's not only for dogs because yes I
mean for going on you love it you can
tell hey Jojo merch just an excuse thing
I've seen all day long and I believe the
bring you things today did you promise
my best friend Lauren the house I hope
you're joking
she was gonna go over tonight then she
got sick so I was like totally but your
kid gets that cameramen making hits
again good know I'm you get sick so I
thought our face fiber-based I'm Lauren
Thunderman worker making a FaceTime call
to Lauren thumbs up with medium light
skin tone
smiling face with squinting eyes
thundermutt worker Lily face our every
day
it has about and it has during my talk I
say is over March the other words
what are you doing over there
what you doing I'm gone I found a friend
my best friend Boober
the best day of my life I mean it was
the best day of my life before but wow
it's really nice name I like now oh oh
oh my god oh god oh you got your
thumbnail you're done you're done we're
done telling you about my best friend
oh yeah yeah always wanted to see a
kangaroo really yeah it's a great with
Bobo I know I know I'm gonna play with
you a second but he doesn't have to go
all right boom our brooms Ella brooms on
go what happen red Fred and he's really
cool his name is Bruin like for right
it's clear the baby kangaroo I'm like
just like a random like what is tonight
threes a cool it's a cream on tonight
yeah he's leaving oh it's sad to think
about it autumn to go but he doesn't
have to go here any minute now we're
gonna say our final goodbyes missiles
off cameras because no don't what you
see if you know my family cry but I will
see you all and thanks to one dancer
left yet I'm gonna let him go I thought
what if Aurelio videos good Elia is
excellent I remember to go and he's
gonna go have a great night I'm gonna go
have a great night too so let's go have
a great night together
like I do like you saying it was so much
fun but it was actually like so much fun
like they were just so good I've never I
will okay I played with the kangaroo
before but never a baby camera that's so
so cool don't like it is out now Baba's
Bobo's she came down and she was like
sniffing me and she's like what if the
animal was on you eat me
Bobo's I would never trade you I'd love
you so much and you might say my little
big girl ever because you do get me yeah
like seriously you gotta get through you
got dog is pretty cute
well first I like to give you gotta get
up here for the night so I love you all
so much makes you if you have not you
subscribe to views even ater why because
you know those are the best things
charge the government they probably
believe this does include animal they
love it I don't know the great amazing
doc English but all the great amazing
things in this down the world all right
guys oh did you like it that time good
job guys thank you I didn't find
sometimes I've got my back love you so
much you know see you guys tomorrow
buddy
about what
I'm come back like a boomerang
