I wrote my new size today you guys share
to does the women say but we will talk
about that later
well we do need to talk about is how
heavy today was because let me tell you
it was pretty epic but today a lot of
things are on you guys I recorded good
no I didn't record I song wrote no it's
not what you recall I wrote yes that's
release I wrote my new size today today
it was really funny I said two
differences and I took you to both of us
are you guys but before that it because
I knew your identity and this is my
daily vlog gender guys make sure if you
have not already subscribe please do not
have your ID I'll see your nose oh the
best they're awesome they're confident
they're powerful they're showing him of
themselves I believe in everyone they
love it when all the betterment of the
world
I think fragile we had a full day behind
of us because technically I'm actually
feeling this out like midnight the Nova
an item you know it's like the day
already happened and things like that so
you have a full vlog ahead of us I had a
whole day behind me and super fun so
let's go together on this journey of a
great day so yeah actually either way to
you right now we're not really recording
anything but say hi to these people look
at I I we're currently writing a new
song are you guys excited for her you
got excited for it you're excited at
least oh yeah stroke them all my secret
talents leg is actually my first time
meeting these guys we actually wrote a
really good song like I really have this
song it is actually amazing
i la do you think it's amazing it's
amazing Gabi do you think it's amazing
now he's just been hanging out there all
that she's been chill but we're actually
done right now is I meet my dad are
gonna go grab some lunch I just like I
just gotta show you guys what's going on
because it's pretty cool in here and
these people are actually really nice so
are you twelve seconds late L don't
wanna be alone gonna listen to me oh no
they got me Jenny
that's not my name that's not my name
they call me white sir
Aang stop I'm actually surgeon like I
literally love wings up it's probably
like my favorite way
early in the second songwriting session
of the day this is Jolie they all hide
behind their computers I don't
understand this is your cow hi I go
you're gonna hide and jolene jolene a
lien yay all right where's Gabi Gabi
what'd you say what'd you say the dog is
okay it's so excited we're currently
starring right Amanda
but girlies I'm not a good dad you guys
second songwriting session of the day
never lie so all the songwriter you're
one Declan we have all come up with some
great things and I'm happy well the
drama went oh it's me again in this
judge avoid you I'm interrupting your
vlog for a second
sorry I'm interrupting to tell you guys
that bull songwriting sessions were
amazing but after that we came home we
checked it on my mom and also to you
guys not good time lines of medians
think it's gonna look really random and
really awkward but the reason why do you
guys we have performance coming up like
the biggest one I've ever done
so I'm sorry but very it's actually not
coming up for like not visible but next
month Emily's I have a lot of time but I
am so excited by it I just wanted to
stop preparing early because you know
you never know so I'm going to be
raising whatever I was raising I can't
really tell you what I was rehearsing
but I'm gonna be hosting everything that
I just rehearse I'm gonna be wearing
everything that you're gonna see me
rehearsing like couple seconds here
every single day so get ready but that
but until then we got back I'll reject
it oh my mom and it was pretty great and
then enjoy the style ups and then I will
see you Matt here we are currently on
our way home we're gonna go check in on
my mom see what's going on with her I
don't know how she's me like I feel so
bad for her she had to go well that's
just that's just awful we're gonna go
check in with her see how she's doing I
hope she's a little you know who'd be
because that it's funny and it's just
like I don't know I don't know okay I
guess it's not funny I guess it couldn't
be like a serious thing since you're
like it's hottie are you doing doing
swell hey Cheech puffy you're happy how
was it did it hurt not at all like zero
there is a zilch that a smile I got Lisa
vacuum I gotta continue this vlog along
but then I don't really have anything
else to do to say hello you can go
upstairs maybe I could decide what I'm
doing for Saturday's video maybe talk to
Bobo we'll find out but we had a full
day behind us and now we have a full
night ahead of us of course because I
like I'm alive yes I come alive at night
dives the aisle awake I'm wide awake
right now if you yeah I do I should
pressure here because early home a
saying I don't really have much to do
tonight because I have a lot to do
tonight
that's evidence I'm walking out of this
Georgia room and we are going to go have
the best night how's it going
ok I'm glad you look hot are you HOT ok
you know I'm here look at forget move
your phone
good night I love you good nice I love
you oh you're not bow-bow bow-bow oh I
hear the little rat race you're coming
from also do a hot mess bye hi there you
I've got a rotten way to come from I
love you okay I love of us things I
thought were lovely coming out scare but
hi you're right there okay I love you
alrighty friends I am clearly upstairs
in my room and I am actually about to go
to bed if you like those things that I
should be doing today what I can't think
of anything to do is I'm just like not
gonna do anything but tomorrow I really
fun day planned so made you come back
mister bars like I'm playing with the
baby girl
oh really but I'm just like - alrighty
fresh that's a wrap on my girls so much
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
out of eBay
like that boom boom pow damn chickens
jacking my style they try to copy my
swagger
