make you save this company it was 3,000
that was like you know the other day I
was you're gonna if though if there was
like if those shirts probably customer
are nice but here's where I like that I
do not work out like I literally like
not what actually girl in the water I
would stop saying here friends okay
well that was good bottom well that was
good you guys
guys know this or not but i but bobo
actually has a huge project coming out
brat project coming out in 2018 but
anyways i'm done throwing my but anyways
i'm done pouring red throwing babies I'm
done growing
stop saying that I am done promoting
myself at brother hey if you ever get a
chance could you send me those pics yes
i j and i will send you those pits pics
yes Jay and I will set you those pencil
breath pits
yes Jane I'm will send you those pics oh
boy this video I know you're this
collagen about three years so usually
the oh my gah my voice oh my gosh my
voice back say usually good so you
usually throw my brother's blog say
usually throw my book say you
what the heck kid just pick an option
but today but the dad but just come on
I've been on the road okay so we're not
going to Six Flags we expected me that I
did not expect it Oh actually she was so
good at the flight which are you in the
car I don't know that like that I almost
dropped it on the floor but I caught you
was just there kid you got me all right
gay gay gay way wet we wet boats
oh really fun I'm wearing this shirt I'm
wearing this hoodie so let's do it
I don't like that one so let's do it so
let me do it - let's do it - I actually
fixed some of those so that's why I've
learned laid out right now and dragon
you know I'm just gonna keep that one
well I think 50 52 52 Superbowl 50 -
yeah
72 so I added the rises door and you
just not say so I'm not the reasoning
behind why this hotel is so so one that
so one that came over there for today
wait I need you to do zooms no even in a
way Saturday for me this whole vlog of a
fort
this will vlog double is so I check out
a clip on how effective our son-to-be is
I'm gonna get a lot okay I'm a combat
bad
I know subtract
