bouncing board on this alcatraz cruises
which is going to take us to alcatraz
now there's things I wanted to do in my
life that I've wanted to tour I guess
and that is a hospital and that is a
jail and I guess a under rubble is a
goofy don't know what alcatraz is a
little backstory on it's basically this
prison that they created to put with all
the really really bad people and
basically like if you just only really
bad that you go to this prison that's on
an island so you were an escapee on
yada-yada you're not even listen to me
anyways but we are gonna go to this
island today and I'm really inside we're
gonna see this prison three people
actually ended up escaping from this not
escapable prison so that's pretty cool
what I get to see that and you guys are
gonna come with Rize let's go
so we just got to Alcatraz this place is
actually so cool no clue what this thing
is right here I think that thing is my a
guard tower if I was dead thing these uh
compartments I'd like the cards and
their families used to live in but it's
just so cool you because it's like so
historical if you know what I'm saying
so we just made it up until took a lot
of effort it was so long it's so steep
but now look at the main prison I don't
know why I'm so excited for this I'm
actually really excited area I don't
know what this area is I don't hear
what's this thing this is like their
clothes this is so cool we get
oh my gosh fellas showers sure cool look
at this
actually super cool great they would
shower twice a week wow this is actually
really really cool
I kind of gotta go so label makers like
that what facts so I've never been here
before but how they have their tour set
up is it's like an audio things you put
these headphones on you but apparently
have this little like phone looking
thing I don't know I've never done it um
so you put these headphones on you're
gonna go upstairs either where the
prisoners room withdraws herbs or
excited with it so I don't like that
excited compared to I usually look
excited but I'm kind of like calm or
because you know this is kind of like a
more serious sleep thing this is the
thing yeah you get using headphones a
little pinging so cool but now we're in
this little area that's open but no
one's like in here right now so it's
like a little scary but so go and all my
family ditched me Yallah touch me I
don't know what's going on tour is that
you're really good but go in
a little hole yeah
I don't go in there I really read noses
like I was like come out
this person tried to escape and you made
this thing
this is awesome explosions that happened
in here
me no I don't print sticker on you
didn't look did I brush nigger on her
yeah no idea you did I just if you put a
sticker on me oh man well I did so again
I put a sticker on Jojo but she doesn't
know it
I love you they're trying to sing
sticker on me no I would never stick a
sticker on piece that we just finished
up in the tour at a catcher a catcher at
Alcatraz and it was actually so good
like it was so like historical in a way
and it like was honestly such like a
good story and such a good thing to
learn about so I'm really happy that we
did it it was like a big school thing
it's good because I actually not drink
school today I got all my work done for
today so technically not doing I don't
know what I'm saying but technically I
did a school already today but I'm not
doing school today because already did
that's what was like so this was kind of
like a school like Filch if I would go
this was a very good school field trip
and if anyone is ever in San Francisco I
would definitely say you should come to
this as long as like you're not under
the age of six because I think it would
be a little bit scary but it was really
really cool and I'm really happy that we
got to do it the audio is right now
because my microphone is our right ear
so hey this might be great audio this
might be bad audio we're about to find
out but um yeah my microphone just broke
so that's what you just saw but we are
actually leaving San Francisco right now
we are headed home through town Bernie
in California you're Sherman Oaks
California I will see you in the car so
now we are in the car and we are on our
way headed home I have to say oh okay
look at that
oh okay dead end let's keep going I'm
actually really really excited to be
home because I missed my dog oh I miss
both oh okay but now we have a second
1/2 hour car drive literally about six
hours later I have not bought anything
but that was because nothing interesting
happened but you don't care about that
we're actually about to pull into our
driveway I'm so happy because I'm so
excited to see the dog
I can't wait again let's see if I was in
your love
ready for dissection backwards there I
don't know what this yellow bunny is
right now my camera I have to mess with
my settings I'll fix that up every day I
love you all so so so much and I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye e oh wait was rosy
bye all right that was a bye bye guys
trying to try to make me stop I'm
a-coming to this job just look up
