every single husband isn't a little my
run house good day y'all good glad here
anyways you guys we are highly zeros
let's go book signings day for the
things I love a feeling friendship
journal and look at this line right how
many are there we got three on that side
Oh 300 539 300 he may 3 2013 7 was in
one place I realize that is idea I'm
very excited there's a lot of people
here and from what I can see from the
window they're so cute they got all
these out of my shot against really
every time you could tell us keep going
you got your rosin you got the dress on
you got a first aid levitated you've
Nozomi your retainers all right yeah oh
my gosh they literally do have my
picture on it literally my kids are
inside your mouth that's awesome yeah
you win Vegas never ever do you even got
the socks on a navigator in the dress
and is that a watch and you got the Chad
you you got everything and I'm on your
retainer literally on this kids are
Tanner I cheered you know but I'm
literally I know he dinner yeah kids a
lap down before
you got the shoe the boson you got the
Jojo and you where did you come from
I love and you give just for this yeah
tell us where this little italy from
canada just for this okay I only show
you I think like three or four people
and then I actually showed you how about
a line too but that was actually over
like three thousand people here that's
crazy
so we got a couple things like that one
but these are extra ones for this store
but I just can't even I have literally
never seen so many Georgia boys in my
life even my mom was like my mom was
like all these kids you have so much
Jojo much like it's crazy
they had shirts on from everywhere like
all Georgia hurts all Georgia costumes
all Turner skirts all dirty shoes I saw
like fifties even wearing the JoJo's
shoes like if there was three thousand
there was probably live like two
thousand and nine hundred and fifty
people with Georgia Rose but now you're
going to go have a fun day in San
Francisco I'm very excited we're gonna
go do some tours II think I think we're
gonna go to Fisherman's Wharf get some
dinner it's gonna be great so let's go
remember what I said we're gonna go
sightseeing yeah what I am what I'm
nothing by his eyes day wasn't Jim to
die yet yes or a literally at Tiger
right now because hey Ryan we're not
talking and look at this this is their
little kid section that's girl how gonna
light looks a lot bigger on camera than
it actually is you but hurts me like the
tiniest kid sections that I've ever seen
but on the right side this is a target
that I have never ever been doing so
they might have different job don't work
sticker when I'm really overdoes they
have the dance
I'm really old the heaven I got shot at
finding it this is literally I walk over
here there's some ballet shoes so they
probably got some sort of dancer here
goes over did you find it wait wait did
you actually buy that no got the shorts
they got the crop top they got the
little unitards a little cami
I'm good good I wanted also judges on
Tariana merchandise that I've all ever
wanted is there is new underwear out
there is boom these underwear right here
there anything you can't believe at
Primark so that's pretty good with the
dance good stuff I literally kidding
believe that we found a Barbie you're
gonna go up with anything you just feel
my ideas nice funny Barbie's copying me
I've been developing a lot of caffeine
Eva Barbies got a majority of your body
Wow Kendall's like Barbie we gotta talk
there's this Jojo kid that just came
into town she's pretty cool she's pretty
came to my say so myself
but where's like oh no she's not I can
do that just as long shift now I'm just
getting Barbie you can copy me as much
as you want I don't care I love everyone
but yeah well this was a fun trip to
target but I think we're done so I will
see you back down mandoline you go to
see the blog do not subscribe no makes
one person yeah you said yeah them exam
people okay yeah we actually got back to
the hotel and then we actually just went
to the fitness center but I'm gonna play
this like we haven't gotten to the
fitness center yet even though there's
oranges waters and wet towels in our
hands but we went to the fitness center
and posited we were actually almost
reaching our destination of our room so
I'm going to be throwing it to the
fitness center dialog
you have to the gym I was also ready
enough as I had a shower I have to say I
usually I'm gonna be real honest I do
not work out I literally have not worked
out in so long and I was like you know
what I'm gonna work out a little I did a
little clearly as you can tell I cleaned
up Kim the candy store that's kind of
what I was working on in there so it
just felt really good you just kind of
be like worked out that yes this is what
I'm saying literally so that I had to
come back and shower because I was
all-girls it's already and then I'm not
gonna lie I actually came up with the
most brilliant invention after you
shower eat some sort of through I don't
know why but it just felt like so
refreshing after I shower I took like a
lukewarm shower it was like a hot shower
because I was our hot but I don't want a
cold shower look I'm cold so I took like
a lukewarm shower and then like after I
just in order so refreshing
alrighty friends well you know this by
now but my brother James D is a blogger
and so how would you guys a check out
his footage of the day here was at the
book signing he I don't I actually have
no but that doesn't matter because you
are gonna know what he filmed in 3 2 1
clothes are the most photos I've ever
taken out of this crazy amazing
okay so I think you won the picture this
is crazy I've never signed a bow before
can I see it well you know I signed a
ball for the first time that's unreal to
me okay so this is absolutely crazy I
signed some balls they're taking a lot
of pictures you know I've never signed
anything before so this is kind of crazy
six and a half hours later so we're
heading out of the gym right now Jojo
may or may have not stole my headphones
oh oh tonight because I'm sleepy but I
love y'all so I just think you were
watching this walking out with you guys
are always worried India makes you
subscribe you see when I turn also -
where did that pop dad come from follow
me on instagram at it's Jenna's new you
guys because you know put some pretty
awesome pictures like this one and that
one in ball one and that one too right
there is that is a wrap on today makes
you subscribe is even here because I
post here every single day
that is I've got mine I love you guys so
much I'll see you tomorrow bye
if something but today just got no days
