we were scheduled to be in San Francisco
with no socks at 4:30 and it is
currently every single scene it was
outlet this is a little everyone has
good day guys good blood here I am NOT
going to waste any time with this intro
because I'm currently in San Francisco
at my hotel room but that is not all
this day started off today but I did
have to enjoy here because the ones
making a lot of noise outside my house
the right away anything hasn't new here
makes you subscribe dance team area but
now I'm throwing it back to Jojo earlier
this morning because that's where the
vlog actually started so check it out
I'm planning on enjoying the vlog year
but as you can clearly tell that did not
happen and that is because our neighbor
is currently doing work on his car and
it's being very noisy but it's ok so
California this is technically morning
Minard it's a good morning to you all we
are actually about to get in the car
right now
oh no we did not get a new car but yes
we did get a rental car for six and a
half hour drive for five and a half hour
car drive it's gonna be quite fun I'm
excited we got lots of snack snack video
lots of drinks back we got lots of
activities packed it's gonna be fun so
let's yeah go ahead so we are currently
in the gun is the first time that I'm
actually walking in the car but you saw
me vlogging earlier today but it's fine
don't even talk about it so we're in the
car right now I thought I'd give you a
quick little card or I mean check it out
Caroline
we got Caroline hanging on the back we
got Jane and I were there we got dad
driving we got mom ass and turns we got
judges in here we got food and Caroline
we got more food back there we got our
luggage in the back we got blankets we
got everything you're gonna literally
possibly ever want in this car how are
we put on the road sir we have been on
the road for about ten minutes
yes a Marty got bored but I will say
that this drive so far has been really
really pretty like just getting to see
like the land and earth and looking out
the window like it's just gorgeous then
you got a big old building we're going
out to Magic Mountain oh I love Magic
Mountain jadynn when we get back you
should have your friends fire and then
we could go to six laughs yeah let's do
it
and Jim you gotta go to iFly sometimes
this week I have not been to I fly in
like two weeks like can i silly back
snag number one you're making our first
stop at the outlet malls not gonna lie
when we were like 20 feet back they
looked a lot cooler but these animals
are actually apparently really cool my
mom said I think we've been you have
within you before mama oh yeah now I
remember I said yeah these outlet malls
look very very nice so we're gonna go
shopping we're gonna go take a little
break stretch out the legs you might be
there for 10 minutes we might be there
for an hour we might be there for 10
hours who knows we're just gonna take
our time go shop enjoy the ride and then
we're gonna come back here and drive I
did not know they have my favorite
restaurant you bring stop here I am so
excited
OMG damn wakes up every goddamn week
baby wipe the little Chico's right there
like where we gonna go for sell but she
goes I make balloon animals
I should fun name a lot of cool toys in
here we're gonna go back to where my
mama's at you guys we've been gone for
about 10 minutes we kind of went just
into a scene on TV messed around but she
goes so we're gonna go catch up with her
see what she's up to you and I'll see
you when were there good news we met up
with mom again but bad news wing stop is
glow no I think they want to go too and
now I already had a nachos lunch well I
don't really like it now but that's just
because I don't like cheeseburgers but
they like it now that's all that matters
oh yeah
we could get sober I love I love good to
go yeah he pending new congress's minor
all through tight so this is a great
stop for me beautiful shoes out oh okay
I'm out of dramas on I really hope they
fit because they were really really cute
oh yeah oh yeah and they do not look
like this although that that is
definitely a look really and then do the
girl that you saw earlier when I was
walking them over there you are just all
those those little cutie and dogs they
were carrying my bag for me I think
y'all should go follow him on Instagram
for that said they are don't encourage
the guys I just encouraged ever don't
encourage it oh I'm Angie wait wait come
here you're silly on the
your shirt we're training wait Samantha
yeah we're twinning in our shirts did
you know that I was here no now I can
you just boy that stripper the fun of it
yeah I mean I love it you're so cute we
got outside of Tommy Hilfiger the boys
in shopping engines like I was three
even though they don't got wings down
here they have my second favorite the
hair I literally gave wrestles
no one said yes right away but I'm just
gonna go with it so Jane loves these
cups okay I got a Husker one remind me
of back home so I have coffee boom first
step out of it buddy wearing it lucky
it's not money
wait that's Jay dirty what'd you do
again because I better get a new one pow
pow well girl you can't tell we're done
there at the Alamo we're getting back if
I go back on the road Gamzee right now
he joined his own about 50 things on the
menu like I know I myself ordered like
fifteen things like I heard like 15
things and that is because I have a tray
table it's been the ongoing joke all day
long about my tray table so I'm just
very happy with that this is actually
probably about a foot stuff and it is
getting dark outside look at that sunset
we were scheduled to be in San Francisco
with no stops at 4:30 and it is
currently 5:45 and we're still about an
hour and a half away but hey it's fine
week I can't see the poles of our tray
table has ever been my head I'm so
that's because I love games the end
actually - I need for my seat belt on
but I love games II know but like
literally look at my tray table that is
a whole nother ball game but that is the
most genius invention ever all the - I'm
not gonna eat half of this I'm actually
literally going to take my five bites of
this and then I'm gonna be done with it
so
life don't judge me all my looks right
now because we've been sitting in the
car for five hours but we actually just
got to San Francisco and we are going to
go see Lombard Street which if you don't
know it looks like this it is the
world's crookedest street and everything
for this actually pretty much all of our
first times the San Francisco well I
guess just me and Jaden we're gonna go
to our first tourist attraction right
now and then I think on Monday we're
going to I'll get your house and then
tomorrow we're going to Fisherman's
Wharf and the Golden Gate Bridge but
does so many things plan ok the Cricut
is straight in the world is happening
what isn't that Oh top of this hill ok
also to a few birds thought that our
windshield was a toilet so ignore that I
love all the people like taking pitches
I'm also - I know area so this bar
window is really gross right now so just
please ignore it tom is trying to clean
it up it's really not working by a we
try to look at this back it'll I this is
a steep hill well you're they got Park
okay hundred MIT that was pretty cool I
have to give it to it that was pretty
cool mom for the W I will give you that
w mom I did not expect it to be like
that I expected it to be like straight
up like zigzags a little less crazy than
I thought but it's still pretty crazy
and sure you're missing on my vlog and
actually do a fun fact about languages
my mom's last name originally is
Lombardi and so it's kind of like her
street name because mom zigzag zigzag my
life is like that dunno I just getting
our life is actually like her donors
there yeah the post office because this
is I don't I go over the post office
this is me I got a chicken
I'm literally about to check in on those
rich kids thank you ready for this
Jojo see you 14 points
what is what month is this wrong yes
names of other kids traveling with me
okay a boy GE and favorite color of pink
a boy toy boomerang until movie is and
something special about me is my oboe
all right there you go sir I'm all
checked in I check myself in yeah so
tell me my mom actually came up with a
new dance and this one is check it out
we actually just I was like maybe we got
a blog that I love you that is all that
away
nope that is not all that I have for you
today my brother Jin you guys all know
this already he is a vlogger and he you
know he's got some skills I am going to
be throwing it to James vlog footage
from the day actually truthfully have no
clue why he really vlog today if you
think so find out you'll find out we'll
all find out others I'm done with it
yeah
we're back in the car ahead not to in
and out my dad spilled on himself you
got coffee all over his shirt
the downside is it's it is my shirt
really funny about it is that it already
had food on it from you okay so we made
our third stop for today and they have
the wild jerky they've got buffalo
ostrich and alligator we're gonna get
them all we're gonna eat them all
okay so we checked into our hotel room
and one of our stops was just all these
snacks
let's throw at these I mean these look
like caramel and they look kind of good
oh it's watermelon candy these will be
really good I bet all right so for the
next one we're gonna do a jerky Jojo
pick a number one two or three I said
pick a number not a color three one two
three with one that one we are eating
alligator vomited a quick bite it
surprisingly tastes really well go try
it this one no I'm good yeah he left the
soccer with a scorpion how he conquered
the fear of eating bugs last night this
is scooti cat - no this is taste test a
turd a tamarind spoon in it I don't know
if I'm saying that right I'm gonna go
for it oh it's spicy
I will come back with a boom
