introduces you guys to a new family
member of Ozzie crazy crazy
I currently have the whole house myself
right now which is good because I have
to get a little bit of work done but
also to throw Kasota Grey's Anatomy out
and I am behind and why I have a lot of
things I don't want to do right now I
need edit tomorrow's video I need to do
a little bit of school so that I'm just
a little bit more ahead of our tomorrow
ready ahead but I just like to be really
Fred what I was writing you off
president ender watch Grey's Anatomy and
all it's ready to walk though hey guys
going to every single demon it was out
of isn't a little bit what has going day
guys go glad here and you can tell it is
currently night time because I was
literally on set all day today so
throwback to the 30 seconds of blood for
it's actually not even that go back to
like the 10 seconds of vlog footage I
blog on said they literally as a
relieving so just check it out like geez
I could just go right back here
so we are girly actually leavings that
right now but it was a good day today I
wore charter get it get it Cajun eyes
that much mom what did you all do today
oh yeah you think your nails on she
ditched me onto that after a while when
do get her nails but anyways that was
great David feeling some prawns got hang
out friends it was awesome but now we
are going to get some Little Caesars
rich I love let's go to laser
Pepsi oh my god of zombie I love little
Doozers see I don't need to be right
back here how's it goin
but that was good but I don't know you
guys know this or not but Bobo actually
has a huge huge huge huge absolutely
huge project coming out in 2018 which
I'm really excited for but I just got to
see the first version of it boom what
like literally my dog has their own
version of something that I have that
literally no other dog as well I mean
other dogs do have it but just to think
that my dog has it it's so cool it's so
crazy and I just love it so much see you
guys if you don't already follow the
cutest dog ever on Instagram right now
it's Bobo see when you guys check it out
followers you can get updates on that
and you know geez just the cutest are
you ever so you'll just see the cutest
pictures ever on there so baller right
now follow me right now also - I'm gay
so nice that word Carter Birds but
follow me right now it's Jenna see what
you got Ben and I am done roaming myself
and Froemming my dog and roaming my dog
special project I just broke it on right
now but the technically I guess she's
not working on it technically she did a
photoshoot boy particularly she's not
actually working on because she's a dog
but let's get this vlog going is going
to be a fun night tonight I'm gonna go
edit I'm gonna go film I'm gonna go do
some fun little things I'll to do oh
we're going to San Francisco tomorrow so
that's something I have to pack I have
to unpack you ever Minnesota also turns
comes Jack's brother hey if you ever get
a chance could you send me those pick
yes Jade I'm gonna send you those picks
oh boy I have a lot to do tonight okay
let me go let me go to start working now
let's go oh my lord you guys I actually
just finished up editing I've been where
you had this for a very long time but
it's finally ho
this video actually I think all of you
are gonna lie I honestly have to say
that is probably my favorite video that
I've ever put out there because it's
like I googled it and other people have
done it but it's not really a trend and
I think after this like I'm not saying
like I'm gonna start the trend but I
think that people are gonna watch and be
like oh my gosh like that is actually a
really hard challenge like I want to try
that and so I could see that happening
which would be really really cool but
I'll also do the video is just like
hilarious and I don't know what my brain
was thinking that night but it was
thinking something crazy because I was
just being like so laughable and so
giggly there was just so fun but I also
too had 200 chicken McNuggets in me so
that could be a part of it too so
usually the oh my gosh my boys crack see
I didn't know this but I usually throw
it to my brother's blog like later in
the vlog but today I'm going to be
putting in Jaden's footage right now
because it is actually really good
footage today like dude he introduces
you guys you're a new family member of
ours which I'm gonna be telling you more
about the family member when it comes
back to me and he ate a cricket and then
I showed him up with eating a better pic
and then you know it's just a whole
production
don't take it out my brother Jase doing
his vlog for the day with so we're
heading to the mall right now for two
we're gonna do two things you're gonna
go do dragon's breath you don't know
what that is we'll show you we're also
gonna go buy a big cooler to take with
us to San Francisco so we can have our
drinks and our snacks in the car okay so
we just got the dragon threat so they're
frozen liquid nitrogen till you eat on
the smoke comes out it so it looks like
one of the coolest things I've ever seen
it really just tastes like the crunch
berries from Captain Crunch but let's
see if I get a better one
Sall many coolers which one we getting
the big one okay so we decide to get the
paint cooler because I mean everything's
better in pink
okay so right now we're heading to rouse
we're gonna make the cooler a Jojo
cooler sort and get some googly eyes and
a big smiley face to put on it take a
bone or a stake a bow on the top some
house take a bow bow on the side of it
to make it look like it's a Jojo cooler
I just do what I wanna okay so we start
putting stones on I don't want you to
see that looks like as we're putting
them on so I do a little magic trick in
there it's gonna oh how did I do that
it's a little bastard oh cool we got the
Jojo juice we got some bows we got we
got open so you can see your little face
that's your seat for the car tomorrow
hi there Joe my back is starting to hurt
that I do not have today is Friday you
know that means it is pure Friday and
I'm gonna eat some cricket an alias that
are sour cream and onion flavored I mean
it could be worse they could be a
cricket flavor oh this is gonna be gross
oh they smell like stale potato just
let's do it
time for chatter yeah nope you're doing
it
Oh for jane-anne come on and you saw him
vinegar instead yeah what did I get
myself into why did I decide to do this
on Fridays and my week horribly Jenna I
think you should like to it crunch it
and swallow it crunch into one a single
crickets bro
give me that well let's show me how it's
done maybe show you how it's done I want
you to show me
so you're telling me I should try it
again I'm gonna pull a bubble-bath spit
it out by hey today I actually ate a
wild fish a maggot and it dried anchovy
and cheeseburgers me the into spaghetti
smoothie so Wow
cricket we're adding it to the left eye
Jane let's see if you can baby
don't eat bugs kids they're gross
oh my lord you guys I actually just
finished up anything I've been working
at this for a very long time
I just gotta clearly tell in that clip
he made me a really really cool cooler
and we kind of debating on like what to
name this cooler and we have decided to
go with drumroll please behind a name is
because you wanted it seems hard to be
this pretty close a Caroline is gonna be
on the vlog boy Arden and you guys are
gonna get a hang out with her every day
but now I'm actually heading upstairs
for the night because we have a pretty
big day tomorrow so here's what is going
on tomorrow we were actually going to
San Francisco and we are road tripping
it up there so that's gonna be pretty
fun I think a six hour car track sounds
fun
so we got roadwork ahead of us but as
far as tonight goes I have a feeling
that I'm probably gonna do some more
things tonight check this out I already
back me and you look I'm I'm a whole
other half of an empty suitcase um how
we get a little mat there maybe a little
language or instead let's go this is a
message to all of my seven eight nine
ten eleven year old fans out there which
is a good thing because those are my
main demographics so listen up guys let
me just say that I am very very advanced
at math and so it's easy for me but oh
my gosh like I remember being in like
third grade and being like oh my gosh
math it's so fun and easy enjoy it
because it is fun when you're older cuz
once you figure out the problem you like
feel so like accomplished but it is just
a whole nother production like this
question right here is which of the
following statements uses the
commutative property of addition to plus
in parentheses 3 plus 4 equals in
parentheses 2 Plus 3 plus 4 4 2 plus in
parentheses 3 plus 4 equals 2 plus Li
like it's a whole production but it's
fun and I like it so you just kind of
gotta like figure it out and use it and
then you just read about it and then you
just go for it and so don't let me make
you think that it's like not fun and
like I don't like it because I actually
I'd walk mad like I'm literally it's 11
o'clock at night right now and I'm doing
math for Monday and Tuesday because like
I didn't
but they're just really be appreciative
of this going that you're gonna be doing
right now because it just gets harder
which as it should because I mean you're
getting all those cool should be getting
harder like I mean if you were getting
older and it was getting easier to be a
bad thing but yeah it's fun
but now language-arts on the other hand
it confuses me and here's why it doesn't
actually confuse me like i know i'm i
don't get confused by the actual
problems but here's what confuses me is
i feel like every year you just relearn
a more difficult version of verbs
adverbs adjectives synonyms nouns
pronouns like you just learned like a
harder version of those like right now
I'm in English and I am learning adverbs
and I learned nouns earlier today like
it's like I already know just so funny
to me that it's like every single year
you basically are learning more
difficult version of the same thing so
that's what I love language arts but if
I had to pick a favorite school subject
it would definitely be between health
language arts and math I just I love all
three of those I love health because
I've always want to be a surgeon I love
Matt because I just I love math and
their love language because I just love
like the charts and also do kids work
harder okay let's go explore some
questions on this adverbs in English one
it's gonna be fun my dog is really a
small wait wait look at my dog is really
small
my dog is really small that's funny that
one actually thought you over here know
that they weren't dying about me but
we're gonna go with that Knakal I want
my favorite things about home school is
that you can sit down for 10 minutes and
get one lesson done or you can sit down
for an hour and get 20 lessons done well
that's kind of unrealistic but you can
really just go out your own pace and so
I literally just did school for about 10
20 minutes and I got a few lessons done
which I'm very excited for if you guys
hey that's looks like I do it Monday but
what do you want to go to bed that's a
yes
okay you guys that is all that every day
thank you so much for watching but that
is for real you could do lioska dealios
all that I have you today so at Rogers
like now see you all tomorrow ye
I don't really care about what they say
I'm come back with a boom
