I did it I've done Caravan vector whoa
boy are you gonna find a go no I'm gonna
fly and Jaden's gonna fly and Darcy's
gotta fly - she's not here yet she
should be here in about 5 min before
about you guys is gonna be about 30
seconds 5 my dad you're not my cousin
fight - oh there's a baby the last time
I come without my flight to flashback
I'd love to get a custom flight through
this how are ya really I'm about to hook
me up in a rainbow unicorn flight see
right are you really a flashback I'm
very excited laughs by my calculations
Darcy should be here in about 3 2 1
I defended this entire thing we don't
know who dies is talking about explain
yourself
yes I'm Jessie 13 years old and I want
to make Italian Emma Mitchell the thing
she does she
he just like a little bit like this like
with your like
hi guys if you're about to do I fly have
you ever done I love or I know that I'm
so excited you got I love diamond
first-time fliers and subprime almost
flying to today
okay buns in a beautiful even if I'm
allowed to fly but you all
look at it I got you some ice cream
Bobo I got you this but well it's peanut
butter my dog's a skinny dog on the
white guys grin well what I do is try
and just eat it she really won't even
look I'm really over petunia right now
oh hi petunia
I did until a little right now
I will do we are waiter I feel like I
think this is my favorite earlier hey
what's it mean Aizen yes welcome back to
another conspiracy theory video hey
what's up you guys yes welcome back to
another conspiracy theory video I'm just
saying I don't put a solid Shane Dawson
impression any I am NOT check caches
emotes are ready to go check it out our
link analysis comes out what else
happened when I got home I got it all it
back in my front door again another oh
boy
another package ok
I got that baggage and follow me follow
me follow me let's find out what's in
there
you don't know me I'm trying to go
follow me right now it's Geneseo boom
right there check it out yeah I'm gonna
do that basically I put a Swede out a
couple days ago saying I don't want you
in on my computer and I had to get a new
one and that is in fact a true statement
so I've no one final appearance so sad
about my old computer says we'll be
giving it damn phones it like this is
like my new one I don't want to give it
away but I love my new one Final Cut Pro
because I do have to edit yet today oh
oh I got lots of things I gotta get on
you're gonna get a Photoshop got a
little Final Cut Pro I got set all this
up today you haven't set up a computer
in 4 years 15 minutes in a day I stopped
taking a break from setting up my
computer because uh I need to relieve
some stress C relieve stress yeah that's
me I so ever get a massage I'm very
happy I've not had a massage
before the Kids Choice Awards so I can't
wait honestly ever since the kids toys
orange my back has felt like this like
blue is like it's a great example great
example eyes are we gonna go in we're
gonna go get a massage I am very happy
oh my gosh I'm just can't me to be
relaxed and I can't wait to relieve some
stress but in case you were wondering
the computer setup is going great I
Photoshop downloaded I've illustrator
downloaded I have Final Cut downloaded I
am nailing it I feel like after this I'm
just gonna be like ah like I feel like
I'm still like the honeymoon phase of KJ
but I feel like after this it's gonna be
over I so they had a small way right now
some of you my dad we're going to get
some shaved ice oh yeah cool
no no right now we have about 15 minutes
so we're gonna go to experience the
shaved ice place - check that out
oh yeah I get some good shaved ice baby
baby yeah look at that you guys are way
to end a perfect day with the perfect
sleep so tired tonight why I was leaving
you my clasp in no no no I will not
why would I do that when I could come
live in this bed eyeball boys hi hi
listen yes yes okay we're gonna have to
all right okay okay and I'm gonna be fun
then I'll see ya
