oh he's currently on some right now
we're actually I mean technically we're
just uh we're leaving set right now but
I thought I would tell you something
really really cool about this set that
we were on today these are the stages
where they filmed the good doctor and
scandal like like what they also film a
lot of other really good shows here they
film black-ish here what else do they
film he ride right across the street
paramount but it's a super nice studio
we're also gonna be here again tomorrow
I might give you guys a little studio
tour tomorrow but for now and throw in
the background Jesse's in the background
Tom's in the background James in the
background everyone's in the background
we're gonna go drive home we're gonna go
to Target we're gonna go to dinner and
it is going to be a great days elastic
go with today I may have got a mountain
do you then commander I know it sure
will not that Betty please have diet
coke any more like McDonald's you're
taking it away from everyone but it's
okay because we love fevzi day right mom
I can't we have to be brand equal oh
yeah she does about and do it I love dr.
pepper
no matter well I'm not gonna show you my
Taco Bell and then someone got a phone
call from my manager and dr. - 30
minutes guys actually almost over but
yeah I couldn't show you anything
because it was a very important phone
call with secret details like none of
you can know can they no not you why not
how's it going bullseye oh hi you're
there
yeah no I don't just talk to both okay
because why would I do that
nice good buddy here say you could not
tell already I am girly ad Tanya and I'm
gonna miss him for some Jojo boys but
wait a second look at this uh what what
what what I used to be a display of bows
what so this used to be two split bows
and I'm actually kinda confused and I'm
actually got a concern me it's like
right in the bows go bullseye where does
the pause go oh I don't behind me what's
my me wow they are looking at you see
red okay let's go find out what the guys
check that out okay yeah look at that
guy's a little mo g1 yet who they got
this or they got that wasn't that one
okay it's actually kind of cool this
target like totally rearrange this is
all different that is all different like
everything here is now different which
is crazy but it looks cool all right
what else do I got oh there's more Jojo
varcek yeah we got the Hat with the long
hair you know who loves this habit the
little hair is Parker Bowser he's
literally like Elvis says but I love it
and you so much okay what else did I got
what else did I got anything anything oh
there's my name but there is nothing
under it which means older yeah the
reason sold out okay what else do they
got what else do they go oh there's the
bag oh yeah check it out what's that
yeah how's it going guys what's your
name my name is B be just a little bit
just a lot of B yeah I was going oh I
get you okay you're very close okay
thank you okay but before I got carried
away with you everybody's people and I
was saying that I think there was
another Georgie oh yeah yes there's
another one back there yeah yeah what do
you think I have four four millions now
don't tell me you got four million I
have a formula subscribe well he's not
here or the Middle East
yeah well that's fancy where are you
from over there I'm from Saudi Arabia
Oh somebody I have a minute yes don't
house nah come on I'm in it 100,000 come
on come on 500 million
hey well no that's a little crazy I have
five million
you're gonna get him right with a five
and then I like oh yeah all day bye
allow me together youtubers that are
never bad before it's fun use from the
middle-east he was from Saudi Arabia
that's a pretty cool countdown you guys
know who he is I feel bad it's okay his
name is Beach okay what I like George
emotion I got let's look for let's look
for it anything anything anything what's
that t-shirt that I see oh yes it is
baby the VSL t-shirt wow they actually
have a lot of georgia mergers at school
the wonder if they have the Danskin
stuff do you guys think they have the
Danskin stuff let's go on a mission
let's find out dance where dance for
anything
I got CP guys need a few guys in
leotards skirts what hey Jojo merch show
you know I'm not gonna lie sooner or
later I'm gonna bring my own Danskin
much I'm gonna set it up here so I can
say that I found it but you only joined
the JISC emerge Chloe but I wonder if
they have the underwear come on hey ya
don't have the unclear all you ladies in
here I will see you all in a minute but
now I wanna go see if they have any toys
because they might have Jojo toys let's
go find out yeah weird enjoy y'all did
they have any Jojo much do they have any
Jojo merge I see my friend Jaden but
wait a second wait is that your way to
suck it what's that oh wow Jojo merge
wait is that all the Georgia boys are
happy is that literally it I think
that's it that means we sold out of
everything I love what no way that's so
cool they look at apparently all I got
is this and there's a Mike willed agent
because last time I was here they had
that they had the bow maker they had
what else do they all have they had like
dad the nail balls the hair thing the
bow maker did a lot of things and now
that's all that's all you got do things
okay I'll say it is roll up where the
doll would be where with the Dobby if
you worry Joe just see what all where
would you be at where did you be the
viewer enjoy to see without you be bad
trolls yes check it out look at the guy
look to think
look guys they got lots of Jojo dogs
yeah okay I'll take ya I'm very happy
I'm very pleased with this are you Jeff
did you to see what my world special is
actually supposed me out already on DVD
Ed's been at Walmart but it's exclusive
to a woman and I think the exclusivity
is up guys but I think they might have
the my world special here so let's go
find out Jim find my world what do you
think I'm full of my books in here that
is sweet I'm not sure this is a good
thing or a bad thing to me it's a good
thing but my new book is doing better
than my off book see this one has like
their friend doesn't so that's pretty
glad very happy that book is doing
nothing y'all ladies are now I grabbed a
card because I think I told you this
earlier but they're really suits of
right now so I'm going to go zoom
through this little girls section and
I'm going to find some loves because
it's really good stuff like look at how
cute these little jeans are and like all
the little hoodies and sure it's like so
happy this is so fun okay let's go
shopping
what's your name Emery yours anything
fun of these people come on your eyes oh
yeah what are you doing you're usually
what you want a 50 McDonald's Happy
Meals and have them delivered air out
and you do this
curly have the feeling YouTube video
where I eat a 50 McDonald's Happy Meals
in one day so I am doing this I have no
clue but look at this they gave me two
boxes and I got 50 juice boxes and
they'll be like Oh think of juice bags
like what all the do this is 10 this is
5 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 I'm not
sure what it's right now look at this
it's all McDonald's Happy Meals and
you're like I can't even literally
insane why I did is I do not know but
it's gonna be fun and I gotta set up for
this video right now so I'm enjoying
this little talents I'm resetting it up
oh okay well it's not like McDonald's in
yeah and my fingers are greedy and my
face is good yeah I need a shower
wow wow wow that was fun
I defenseless as I should about me for
today but you guys already know the
drill my brother Jane he is AI blogger
and use blogging every day now so check
out his footage around the day alright
are you right now I'm finding some stuff
from her girl I'm trying to find a white
board a white board in my room so I can
write down what I'm gonna do for the
night do for the day do for the videos
oh there there big one also getting a
notebook so I can write down like ideas
for videos and three of you can find
judge up Marco we're getting sushi and I
mean this absolutely looks delicious
thank you so much for watching this
video if you liked it be sure to give it
a big thumbs up and I'll see ya tomorrow
bye
