this necklace is literally worth like
$10 good day guys good I am just so glad
enjoyed and delighted to hear that you
guys
I am so we are back here on set another
day of working hard filming some cool
things and also too I'm working harder I
guess I should have said Jay died on my
KZ nice down mojo dizzy nice that
literally semi merch like like the KC
nice hey KC nice that he literally
literally Katie nice that look at look
at work harder we got song on the back I
think way it's alright there's not
something but there's something right
there and yeah she's got me March really
excited about marquees you guys that
were to be kids out so thank you so much
you guys that you guys aren't check out
on your own keys nuts at anybody check
it out I believe it is on Sandra I will
link it down in below you guys are gonna
love this it's actually really soft and
really comfy you know reminds me every
single minute to work order but yeah
let's get going with this day I have a
full day ahead of me so far I have to
change up to get into my set clothes
there to go down design I have to fill
in then tonight tonight tonight tonight
that night that I've denied is the
premiere of my brand new movie flirt and
I'm really really hurt himself yeah I
can go and I guess do this I'm gonna be
great so go along with me on this
journey and we're going to have a great
day today so let's get going did you
hear that yeah you guys are currently at
the movie I'm so excited I can see my
new boy we've learnt for the really
really excited but look at how pretty
this sunset is like if son says
distracting me need to talk to you guys
so I have not changed my wardrobe three
times day you've only seen me change I
think twice because I have worn anything
else under Dave yeah Papa but that's
fine because you don't care about that
you don't care about my wardrobe changes
you just care about whatever I'm telling
you about right now whole airplane it's
a bird it's a plane it's an alien rocket
ship
you traded look at the UFL you see the
UFO a little blue thing right actually
the Nickelodeon office is right behind
me you want to see them come with me
we're running and please check it out
these are actually the Nickelodeon
offices and if you haven't seen my music
video hold the drachma that is actually
where we film told the drama Jada James
get down naughty boy
get down naughty boy okay back on topic
these are the Nickelodeon Burbank
offices yeah there's a backwards
Nickelodeon's on Arthur
Jaden Jaden yeah well the dramas natural
the jungle zones after all the job was
no bathroom all the dramas oh my gosh so
much of the job was here and what did
you know if I'm packed whatever we have
big meetings your Nickelodeon right
there is the room that we have them in
not gonna lie it was a lot cooler on the
inside than it does on the outside but
the outside of this office in general so
pretty like for real that is just
gorgeous and you it's in a great
location so I'm very proud about that
but notice time to go see what's
happening downstairs check out the movie
out Lloyd's I love to go I didn't
she's got a judge Bohanon skirt on it's
very exciting because here we are the
first audience to see this movie called
blurt 90 more time I want to be not long
no no no no right hey watch the movie
February 17th JoJo's amazing in it
first acting debut and she's a she's
gotta kill him I'll be honest with you
thank you I will accept it
Jason yes here's alright now it's like
his third acting job here like it now
you can see it sounds alright yeah sorry
it's the third acting job right first no
second you've done this every danger and
like Jessie episode of Somali goes my
first game first audition oh yeah but
the mother was great there was a bee
oh I'm Jojo nice to meet me movie the
movie was actually great I really really
really really really really really
really really really really really
really enjoyed the movie it was actually
really fun and I honestly truthfully did
not expect everyone to love it as much
as me I've always loved it
I guess turned my dad but I didn't
expect Jaden to love it let me just say
like that
oh yeah Jane was Jane was injured in it
like it was funny because you don't
think would be a movie for him in the
seventeen-year-old teenage boy like and
it was he loved it he enjoyed it so I
mean it is for all ages and all
demographic nonetheless they yeah but
now after the movie we are celebrating
yet out Woodridge but up away worried
the movie doesn't actually come out
until February 19th and make you check
it out you guys because you're not gonna
order us and I promise that we are at
Wood Ranch right now celebrating the
movie and I'm so happy because it's my
favorite Belize I'm gonna have a buzz
vegetable soup ever and there's a bet
that doesn't move the best sounds and if
they have the best dessert literally
literally literally literally the best
dessert ever
oh my god I just get ready the desert
again for the mechanism let me just say
a few things know what I know I was a
hot mess my life is a hot mess right now
I just got one more Minnesota I'm
leaving again for San Francisco like do
days I am filming all day yesterday all
day today all day Jabbar and all that
and I said life is just crazy I know you
may not get a bobcat okay this is kind
of tiny and I guess rhythm of my life is
all of us right now
oh my TV is on and I can't shut it off
right now because hey hey I lost the
deeper Rosa
I get my TV on right now so your cycle
isn't go ahead in the background can get
a pop tag Jojo I already gave you one I
give them that one when you vlog I've
been wash they haven't seen it yet
good point until you give me one today
you want a treat oh yeah yeah I saw this
but not let me just explain what's going
on now that Gina's got another like a
nice guitar by Jayden I dated I did kick
her out
but here's what I want to explain to you
right now how the Gina's drawn I always
said Isis roomies prank played in their
bright doings I'm fine fine Brennan
almost gonna beat affray and they got no
knows what he's doing look at this okay
so let me in terms of explaining Mike
manager I'm getting so many times so my
manager name is Karen she buys me a lot
of things she got me this watch I'm
pretty sure she got me this to Jimmy key
she got me a lot of things and I
obviously to save all of a present she
got me like because I'm fighting for my
birthday she gets me a lot of really
nice presents and I'm so thankful for
that but this one present that she got
me for the premiere of my movie today
just made me like so happy and I love it
so much and I think out of all like this
watch is quite expensive and I don't
know how much this thing was and I could
only imagine that is less and this watch
was but I just love it so much and so I
thought that I would share it with all
of you guys check it out it gave me this
little blue box and I was like oh boy
here we go it's another Karen jam I've
got like it's another little thing that
she just gets but I was like alright
whatever I'm gonna go for it and I was
like ooh look at this I want to really
make sure that it focuses on this if it
doesn't focus on it there will be a
picture of it over it as you can clearly
see right now if it's this little bow
bow necklace I literally love it so much
I've been wanting one of these necklaces
that you just kind of like wear every
day and I finally found it this necklace
is literally worth like ten thousand
dollars three
like check out how cute it is I love it
as my little baby girl on it whoa that's
you on my new necklace do you like it
you want to try it I love those little
daggers of like you love me you love
your mama you're looking now I'm just
gonna be realized some people think it's
weird that I give my dog kisses well
she's my baby girl I love boys another
would spend all did you lie down
necklace on her so I thank you so much
to care for sending me this necklace I
love it so much but now you guys already
knows from our village in you goes like
this every single day thanks a what hey
guys my name is Jayden and if you don't
know me this is the four seconds in the
vlog that my sister gives me a day so
today we are we did some fun things what
did we do today oh yeah we went to
George's movie premiere we went to Toys
R Us hi kiddos kittens I'm growling
brunch down my hair because it is
nighttime and I got to put my hair down
when I go to bed I have it up like all
the time and so I try to take it down as
much as I can when I'm not off caring
when I'm sleeping because honestly when
I was sleeping I kind of forget
everything and then that's like I forget
that my hair is that I don't like you
downside Chad did make it work as much
as possible to keep it healthy and let
it grow and let it do its thing and you
know it just kind of give it a little
rest but anyways that is a wrap Monday
love y'all so so so much thank you were
watching this vlog makes you subscribe
you see whatever notes you also are by
trying throwing soundtracks but we know
how to come back
I don't really care about what they say
