I want to fly you out to California so
we can get to hang out together okay so
we have an issue because this shirt has
a horse on it and Maggie here is the
costume goddess friends really on set
right now I'm actually just hanging out
in my dressing when we're waiting til I
get called down to go to set because
like you know you just can't show up on
set check it out don't see why
Nickelodeon actually on the set right
now where they film game shakers and
Henry danger I'm not actually filming
technically game shakers at Henry deja
we're just having a full day of promos
which is really fun really exciting this
is my outfit so maybe you guys will
actually see this outfit some time on
Nickelodeon or on Nickelodeon's website
or on Nickelodeon's whatever I don't
know where it's gonna be to be real
honest but we're doing some fun stuff
today some promos for my new movie flirt
some promos I actually don't even know
something for my birthday in the UK why
don't you lot of things today and it is
going to be funds have gone along with
me on this journey of a very very very
hairy exciting day this is quite
advanced you probably yeah is that
recording already friends I am on set
right now but there is this little girl
her name is Harlow she is four years old
she was recently diagnosed with cancer
which is so sad and so heartbreaking but
apparently she is such a big Georgia fan
and so I am actually going to FaceTime
right now in surprise I'm super excited
I'm gonna take you guys along with these
let's do it
I
is this Harlow you got you got the Jojo
doll in the Bobo dog oh my gosh I love
it
uh-oh but do you know what that means
that means that tomorrow is gonna be a
good day do you know how can I think I
can make your day a little bit better so
guess what when you're all better and
all done with treatment I want to fly
you out to California so we can get to
hang out together gonna be best friends
no way do you like the song that goes
like I'll come back like a boomerang I
think that we should send you some Jojo
stuff do you want me to send you some
Jojo merch we have lots of blankets lots
of stuffed animals we'll send you a big
ol good box are you guys at the hospital
right now
oh my gosh so you've been there for Wow
almost a week now
probably another month or so oh my gosh
I'm sorry to hear that for anyone out
there who doesn't know what does she
actually have she has stage 4
neuroblastoma she had a tumor in her
stomach that was the size of a softball
oh my gosh she had surgery on January
3rd and they removed what they could see
of the tumor so they did get that stuff
which yes but she does still have cancer
in her bone marrow a new spot next to
her and she's only four right yup she
got diagnosed the day after her fourth
birthday wow you too how the best thing
you can
i buy it honestly it makes me so happy
that I am as fortunate as I am to be
able to do things for people who can't
do a lot of things it just makes me so
happy to think that this little
four-year-old girl who's gonna be in the
hospital now for a month and she's been
in the hospital for a while
looks up to someone like me and that's
just it makes me really happy that I can
do things for that and it's just I don't
know I just I love it and it makes me
really happy and I'm really excited to
get to hang out with Harlow
get back into the vlog how's it going
bad guys good we update on sever quite
some time we actually just got done with
lunch okay I feel like I jump from like
really serious Jojo it's like really
overly excited Jojo it really quick
cancer is a terrible horrible no good
very bad thing and it needs to go come
in got a shine so clearly I gotta go to
stay here like one to two minutes Dan's
gonna give me a little quick little hair
and makeup touch-ups I don't take you
guys along on that experience with me
just so you can see that like it's good
to do good for others and that made that
little girl really really happy and it
just makes me happy too it really does
um yeah keep going with this vlog 8:01
p.m. all these crazy food and crazy
raise it I'm so excited look at this
like what how's this possible we're here
we got a whole party here I'm super
excited we're about to have some good
old food and life is going to be
excellent and great I'm just so excited
so let's get some crazy buddy actually
from the UK so she's never been to this
master I guess technically no one really
here has been to this guy sounds like
look at this what are you getting so
they just said this one comes on a
lawnmower Jojo what are you getting I'm
very gonna get mac and cheese or some
sort of steak
salad flower
little side salad a glass of water
this game is going on
oh so we I can't leave attack in the
house that I actually about my third
wardrobe change for the day but I just
got done filming juncos news that I'm
really excited we get business back to
the original charges juice intern
questions I did the original themes on
ad tip I'm pouring a real juicer matter
it's done yet but I'm just so excited to
be going back the original judges like I
honestly missed it so much
that's Hodgins I'm really really happy
um that it's back to the basics like
that's just so cool for me I'm just so
happy I had friends and fans I have fun
tonight I know I have about here right
now and it's gonna be wavy like
Tourette's no but my hair is actually
like naturally super wavy like look at
that it's crazy but that is a wrap on
today thank you so much writer's block
and I'll see you guys tomorrow peace out
buddy
