we're gonna be shaving your head a
little bit well that's gonna day y'all
good today we have a full day ahead of
us we're traveling back to California
I'm actually so excited I don't even
know you to go home I don't think we're
gonna get us here doggies right away
because they're on Palm Springs but I
got this little Joey to make up for that
yeah just got mad at me because I had to
wash your face because you're not gonna
wash your face but it's fine so get over
it like I was saying we have a full day
ahead of us we were traveling back to
California I have to pack up my backpack
early all my food is already packed up
the boys have already loved we got a lot
of things going on today but I was like
you know what I kind of want to show you
guys what's in my backpack just like a
little quick snippet so check it out
first of all get my backpack then your
wallet I honestly don't know why I have
two walls to be real honest I have no
money in either of them I literally have
ever seen this right hand literally
nothing in this one I have no clue I
even keep wallets but it's fine I just
feel cool then of course we got my
computer with all the Grey's Anatomy
pictures on it my computer's probably
the thing that I use most of my travel
just because I'm either editing or
making thumbnails or googling things or
usurping things I use my computer all
the time when I travel yeah well what
I'm just kind of long look at look at
buh buh buh buh she's hungry okay we'll
get here I have doggy food free right
here look at there you go there you go
you have your own doggy - do you know
where to find it by here I can dance
feed you if you need it my dog has a
literal princess she is a princess
let's keep going with the backpack - I
got a ton of extra camera stuff and I
got an extra g7x mark - just because one
time I was at the airport and a my
camera dies all the time and B I also do
drop my camera and the lens broke so I
always have an extra camera on me from
now on because it's very bad
are you enjoying your snack Bobo she
gave me crickets but that's cuz she's
eating that's just cuz she's eating okay
I got my computer charger and my phone
charger and I got some plows why have
the gloves I don't know I'm going back
to California so I don't really need
them but it's okay because they're job
I literally I literally love jojomo to
begin so let's do yeah I got I got my
Jojo Gorge gloves I'm on your snack
booms I'm glad it was good for you can I
keep going on with my back back to it oh
okay thank you Oh what oh you let me
show them your stuff buh buh
okay watch Olivia's own eggs absolutely
all it is next I don't know what's going
on with over say she was just in a mood
she just wants to be blogging but this
is gonna have to pack for Bobo of course
a little leash this is no homey leash on
I accidentally backed Oh what what did I
touch your thing look at her she is
going crazy today what is wrong with you
why okay the who so nothing's wrong can
I just show that what is all bad for you
yeah I mean whatever you want bubs
so every time I fight with Bobo she's
usually really really good but then one
of these the last times that I flew with
her she threw up on me yeah yeah on me
so that was on one of our last flights
to New York she threw up on me six seven
eight times one of those it's crazy so
from now on I always pack a bazillion PD
bad because if I don't then she just
goes in my hoodie and then I ended up
having to take the hoodie off and as you
filled the hoodie and then added turn it
inside out and you filled that much of
it was crazy
Bobo was it crazy Wow apparently it was
crazy Bobo does think it's crazy Bobo
what why you wanna get your stroller get
you back get your bag so the last thing
that I have a bad government Bobo is of
course but Papa rowdies those are my
favorite treats ever she is oh my gosh I
can't even handle you right now she is
just wanting all the attention to be on
her if you guys are new here I enjoy to
see but this is my daily vlog yeah it is
pretty having so subscribe right now
kids even and enjoy the family and
welcome to charge through a blog but
James II fell down and get ready for the
most epic
vlog traveling whatever I'm gonna be
realist I'm not gonna be the most
everything because like I'm not kissing
ISTAT but it is going to be pretty heavy
because I am going to see my end this is
my vlog channel and he puts a beer at
the airport right now and I don't feed
it inside out but my favorite so I'll be
like my all-time favorite song is
playing right now and it oh my gosh it
makes me so happy
five six
seven where did I go wrong I lost a
friend somewhere along in the bitterness
this song is just so good I mean because
I'm a saucer Grey's Anatomy but this
song is just so good it's just oh my god
it makes me so happy thinking about this
theme that this is oh my god
too much there's no way the airport
right now we're actually at this little
place called on the go mother iPad and
you can order food so that's what we're
gonna do right now well we might order
some food right it was just some drinks
Bobo you want food
yep she did give me crickets but she is
just looking around observing everything
in the airport she's just having fun
here she loves her stroller though we
are currently on the plane bo is already
asleep we just about to take off here
and probably about 10 15 ish minutes
gonna be great I don't know what I'm
gonna do I might what I have nothing to
do on this flight like usually I have
something to do and then I just don't
get it done today I literally have
nothing to do so like I ain't gonna like
sleep that's a good follow me don't let
the dog pass me up people we're actually
about to take off here I think they I
mean the fasten seat belt sign is on I'm
a rebel my seat belt is not on I'm
actually gonna be putting it on right
now because I'm not a rebel at all I'll
see you in thirty thousand feet yeah you
guys we are currently 3,000
and I am actually watching the yes that
was a very nice shot of Khloe's leg okay
it's update on the flight I'm all I've
done is watching her - it took a nap ate
some food
and Bobo has literally slept this whole
time I just want to say though how
excited I am to be home like I don't
know like ten days that's a really long
time that's not gonna save me of bed and
also - I actually technically haven't
slept in my own bed dead skin day where
are you because I'm tagging I was like
as I like have a little bit for like 20
days literally no I'm gonna go finish up
this episode of Kardashians and then by
the time this is done we should land so
that's exciting people in it and we're
daddy's claim but my Kara's actually
almost says I have to wait to actually
vlog until I get in the car Bobo is just
being a little slow alright she's being
so cute oh boy so did a little program I
was currently getting some cards over
there while I stay here by the bags and
I will see you all in the car actually
back home right now and I am so happy I
have literally never been happier in my
life
and now you guys the guy that does my
hair his name is Vince a he is coming
over and he's asked to take all that so
that I don't want to get rid of it but I
have a big Nickelodeon publisher
tomorrow so I have to get them all out
depressing but I am gonna definitely get
them put back in and he should be here
in probably like 2 or 3 minutes so I'll
see when you get there Viggen is curly
hair - I can't release you but they can
see your hi how's it going good I really
I'm just you know you're just blogging
it's great life is great oh we are going
to be what what are the hue exactly
doing up there because I thought you
were taking my tinsel ah but feels a
little different we're gonna be shaving
your head what I'm good I'm gonna learn
are you actually shaving it though yeah
you are
okay cool let's go boys shave dad put a
little Britney Spears moment dad's all
ready to get your name and the brother
hot shave my head no well I probably
ever shaved my head but it's okay it's
okay a lot of people do shave their
heads and I would actually be down I
mean is I support I support it I think
it's a great you do but I you know I'm
gonna stick with the side ponytail for
now because just boys do Vince do you
think the side ponytail works I love the
side ponytail are you gonna do a side
ponytail oh yeah you could actually do a
side ponytail
no but I am
gentles out right now it's so sad we
have literally look at our tinsel like
this is everything and you wanna know
the best part it's literally everything
below it happens all over her face
no no something funny I actually half of
this temple on the ground is looted from
last time you were here so you know our
hashtag cruel we're gonna go finish
taking this out and all love did you in
a minute
they're already scheduled a bit but it's
okay because he's definitely gonna be
back I think I'm doing like a big pillow
for lip sing and I want to get like red
and blue in cuz that's like the lipstick
valhalla version they come over here oh
yeah I was like stop keeping my dessert
she's literally get so excited when
easier cuz she's like yeah I get dessert
tonight kid even believe that we're home
like I am honestly just so happy to be
in my room all I do I thought I was
gonna get you in at dummy who's gonna be
a hot mess like I couldn't remember for
the life of me how I left it cuz my
average it means that you leave my room
super duper clean no super duper messy
way I love to clean it like this is a
shock and I'm very happy although on my
closets not so much a little bit of a
hot mess when I just kind of hang some
things up higher ID kiddos get it as
none of them ever wanted it and loving
all so so so much thank you for hanging
out with me during this varsity thank
you so much for being a soon in and
subscribing
that's all I have y'all I will see you
guys tomorrow bye
