we are girly outside right now we wait
and go through to get to the tailgate
party but good part is every singles
even it was a death and I rolled up
joined a y'all good we are currently at
the Super Bowl we're going to get in
we're going to like this tailgate party
I know it's gonna be fun hopefully we
get these little evidence I'm the life
gonna be great I'm excited why we just
tie into security is very bright outside
which is why I'm a little squinty I'm
going to the tailgate party I am super
excited it's a very like a view down his
bum it's gonna be fun it's gonna be
awesome
I have to say one thing that I'm very
impressed by very security here is
amazing altitude darkness very security
here is amazing like every single thing
it's like there's so many dogs or Sony
metal detectors only that sounds like
every single day
like a gazillion people like look how
big this thing is
and you can incas burglaries and
danceable info so she's right
let's go come on ladies
in the Greek laughing that stuff here's
what I here's my thing if I see any of
these people in front of me in the green
clapping and I grab and I get excited
though for going off them
ain't no just met a really good player
I'm proud of my lady just like showing
them how it's done out there so really
just here and then how many people are
watching on TV but then how many people
are consuming chicken wings right now
everyone is doing it it's been a great
game though Bart is the Super Ball
everyone's a winner here but the only
thing is I'm really not order because
there's some Grey's Anatomy here and I
haven't met them so it's kind of like
come on pretty sure he's sitting right
there
and I know that a ting of F in cm and
give about at me because I he's the only
other person here where it's big besides
these I'm so happy that we got to come
here so thank you so much to the NFL for
letting me be a part of this is so
amazing I'm so happy and so thankful
patrons are up at one point this cake
it is a joy like I love football but now
coming to the Super Bowl maybe didn't
have like a whole nother love for it
like I don't know what you hear I love
it now so much
20 seconds
oh wow wow wow wow
only one I didn't say wow players were
amazing the coaching was amazing the
field design was just I mean like every
single detail that went into this was
just amazing do I have to give
everything to the NFL for just been
amazing this is so cool
thank you for letting me and my family
be a part of this experience and letting
me be the official junior ambassador
which is so cool I actually I designed
this shirt that I'm right now and I
gotta decide about and they sent us to
the Super Bowl like that is just crazy
the thank you so much to them you guys
I'm gonna be real 102 I'm honest with
you guys if you have never watched us
there we go before I will tell you it is
the best most fun and thing ever
now we are leaving so I gotta stop
blogging and I gotta find Oh cards I
gotta find my family and I gotta figure
out everything so see you in a second
good thing I don't need my tears
alright cheeks or my eyebrows or my chin
or my key fingers or my legs because
they're all froze they're like my
computer was this morning so didn't
really fill you in but after the Super
Bowl we're down here I actually don't
know where but we are going to Gwen
Stefani's concert I'm so excited it's
gonna be great I love Gwen Stefani she
actually gave me really good advice last
her saw her I'm but seriously she's so
fun at those rates go
Wow what a night we got to have tonight
you guys it was so epic honestly do
whatever you got to happen today
seriously probably one of the best days
ever I don't know I've had a lot of
really amazing days and I already know
some of the things I'm doing at 2018 and
I know that some of those is are gonna
be amazing but this day was just really
fun and just really energetic and just
the energy like from everyone was just
really awesome and really exciting and
just something that I never got to
experience before and now I did so
that's really cool boy who's a cutie pie
you cute yeah you're very cute hey you
guys thought about London let me know so
much and peace out and I will see you
tomorrow buh buh you want to say bye
boom
okay well Bobo just wanted to say good
night so good at y'all I love you and
peace out bye
