I can't believe that I didn't vlog today
why why hey guys get every single see
what it was I wasn't a little bit really
I was go today guys good I had just
started later than glad happy to hear
that what was mere are you mad at me
what's wrong I mean I I do understand
but then it's true I am right now but
what's wrong come hang it home with me
well that's embarrassing yeah yeah got
me a mobile got ya got ya
hi little nug use my how's it going day
Bobo's are you good grades again okay
Bobo go back to bed I love you the same
even though you won't talk to me right
now
you guys how's it going today today is
Sunday for you and Saturday for me will
take me with Sunday ever meet you
because I'm gonna because that today
yeah
for today is Sunday for you Saturday for
me kind of not really I guess it's
really not even in a way Saturday for me
this whole vlog that before this AdRoll
specific clip though did actually happen
on Saturday so anyway in my head I am
actually writing my point is valid but
you guys are welcome to this vlog and I
know the caption of the title and the
thumbnail was a little bit dramatic the
whole I can't believe this situation you
know a lots going on on the internet
right now watch c'mere c'mere c'mere
c'mere c'mere I can't believe that I
didn't vlog today why why Jojo what what
are you doing with your life why did you
not blog today well Jojo to answer that
question I didn't vlog today because I
didn't do anything today yeah literally
I didn't nothing today I sat at home and
I did wine sir I guess so here's a
random clip that I actually did end up
liking like 30 seconds but yeah you
still gotta get a watch it because it is
here on Jonas your vlogs but before that
if you all I knew your ID yours you'll
follow me everywhere it's your to see my
welcome to the vlog to subscribe if you
sooner but now let's dick go with his
vlog don't it new you Georgia from the
bass woo so every time when I get back
to our hotel this is what I like to do
I love you though this dog it's too
crazy for me to handle
hey I am currently actually Ryan
starting my alpha that I'm going to be
wearing tomorrow to the Super Bowl so
check it out this is all what I've
created so far it's like really sparkly
under there and sparkly right there I
gotta do this one half yet these are the
supplies those are the supplies that
would the Cutie kabuki was just there
500 you're right there bye hi I love my
dog oh I actually do now you're just
gonna end up lines under my super boy
clothes I think I'm gonna end up finding
some abobo's clothes because I love
right tomorrow
I'm wearing this hoodie with the Jojo
shirt that I designed for the Super Bowl
probably my bow I might add a few oh hi
Bobo can I help you I love you hi these
are these pants unregister wearing right
now fries the purple converse cool I
could put some risers on my shoes yeah
that'll be fun let's do it so I got a
big ol nice ahead me got me rinds honey
it's gonna be great it's gonna be
awesome so let's that's flat flat thank
you
so let's do it much native finish of the
shirt and jacket out I'm actually really
really proud of this I did this sleeve I
did this shirt and now baby I am working
on the shoes still look at this I am
just putting some stones right here on
the shoes can you see it wait for it
wait for it wait for it wait for it
see John they look cool I got do that
little corny and then it might do some
stuff on the sides you haven't decided
yet but in my opinion they look really
good and I'm really satisfied with them
were sad is that what I wrote it I'm
very satisfied with them and I love them
so much so I'm gonna keep going I got to
the other shoe these are action shoes I
had my feet currently so I am now
wearing just plain socks but hey it's
okay boys little even candy others join
like all night long I'm like okay
whatever you do you girl I still love me
the same
number two I also too might end up
adding some like the Jojo shoot charms
because I did bring them along with me
but now I'm like wishing that I would
have done this like the first day I got
here because I literally wore these
shoes and these exact colors every
single day that I was here to order to
find out like rhinestones versions of it
but it's out Channel I did it I didn't
take that bounce but I did think about
it for the Super Ball the shoes are done
but I don't know if they're actually
quite finished because I might change it
up I might add like a couple more things
to it I'll tell you what I'm thinking
see how the bows are on the front I'm
thinking that they would also be cute on
the back like that but that's just like
a quick little decision that I'm gonna
make in the morning on where I'm
deciding to clip them on but then I was
thinking like on the sides it might be
kind of fun to put a couple of
rhinestones on there I don't die you
guys but I do want to do some more to
the jacket like I want to do some right
there and right there and stuff but I
also do have to finish the pants because
these are the pants and if you can't
tell they're missing themselves so I
gotta fix that oh my oh my got a lot of
work to do yet tonight but it's gonna be
fun you got a little masterpiece on the
hoodie one pair of pants later yeah yeah
I'm actually really happy with this out
but I think it turned out really good
I'm gonna give you a closer look inside
of it show you all the little teeny tiny
details and then we're gonna keep going
with those logs let's do it oh of course
you already see the shoes but these are
them one more time we got the stones we
got the JoJo's and then do we got of
course it's Jojo bow because why not
then some classic adidas pants but of
course they got house of rhinestones on
it these aren't actually worn for like a
lot of the days while I was here but
some of the guys don't spell off so
today I actually fixed some of those so
that's why I've learned laid out right
now and dragon you know
then we got this hoodie I'm actually
really really happy with how this turned
out I did like the first layer on the
outside of the pockets and I was like it
just needs something more so than I
ended up doing a double layer and it
looks so good so I'm really happy with
the dollar rhinestones I think it looks
really good too let me know what you
think by counting down below by the
Reisner Super Bowl logo
also to down the arm it's a Super Bowl I
think 15 50 50 to Super Bowl 50 - yeah
Super Bowl 50 - and on the inside of the
jacket we got my judge I sure believe in
your team and of course it's rhinestone
because everything's a V right so maybe
everything does this leads me to the
final product which is the bow so this
is my Super Bowl bow design that I
designed as you can tell it has the
football there and then the Super Bowl
little bit right there and of course the
Jojo logo but I actually added in some
more rhinestones so if you look in those
two different colors of rhinestones I
added in one of those other colors
because I just wanted it to be more
sparkly inside did that I had a surprise
those two the shirt the bow of the
jacket pants finishes I'm literally runs
on everything tonight
I don't you I feel like I need to adjust
this I'm the reason why my hotel room is
so messy is because we have four people
here um it's a big nice hotel suite but
it's just give Tom and Jane living with
us like this yeah so we've been trying
to pick up after everyone and everyone's
been trying to pick up after themselves
but at the end of the day it's just like
it's fine nuts just have fun and we're
leaving here in like rudd days that we
have like bagged everything up tomorrow
okay it's gonna be good it's gonna be
great don't one last look at my outfit
here it is again I'm so happy with how
this turned out and I can't wait to wear
it tomorrow so now I'm throwing it back
to you - Jojo
oh yeah baby bag your eyes don't hang
out Bobo and she's still ignoring me oh
hi I love you literally literally every
single night this dog lays right by me
but I just kiss ain't no because
just look at this little vase I love you
okay go back to bed I'm sorry I keep
waking you go go good night good night
nice beer I was sleeping
she's not sleeping but now she's
sleeping okay down that down your job
daddy do I jump down here a bad boy on a
failure bubble loves belly rubs nut he's
like I am too tired for you right now
which items are diver myself right now
you guys
Super Bowl Sunday we are going to the
game day I'm excited I've decided to see
the Patriots on this all but I'm gonna
be showing you I'm wearing this role as
well as telling you the thoughts on the
who I think is gonna win how the game is
gonna be played out so I'm gonna go back
and forth but let's get this story I'm
gonna show you I'm gonna wear
police now that I'm gonna be showing you
what I'm gonna be wearing it's gonna
start off simple it's gonna be really
easy first things first let's give it a
Tom Brady Jersey let's go it down we got
the red adidas pants to go with the red
accents on the Jersey I personally
thought I was looking nice underneath
the Jersey we're gonna go with the red
and navy blue look nice I might wear the
hat but I'll tell you my thoughts on the
game and who's gonna win so let's get
that part started as well okay so let's
get this started right I'm telling you
who I think is gonna win the Super Bowl
I obviously think the New England
Patriots are gonna win halftime show
it's gonna be good Justin Timberlake's
performing I'm excited to see that but
I'm excited you know other than that
that's really it so that's gonna be an
editor me on the vlog today but do me a
favor before I leave and go down in the
comment section and comment below who
you guys want to win the Super Bowl and
that different me so I'm done for the
day I want to give the vlog back to Jojo
I'm going to bed because I have a big
day tomorrow so good night you all makes
you subscribe you see what it are all
the thingies in the world and Bobo's
good night everyone peace out bye E
