I don't even think half of you guys know
this so what has been in Minnesota with
us this whole time I'm currently doing
this thing it's like a walk the plank
day that's very really hard I honestly
have no clue James where I'm sitting
right now coz that hard and so it's like
somewhat VR I don't know where he's
gonna do it happens I don't know I don't
know if he's gonna succeed but but yo
Liam he succeeds in his part of the
vlogs day and then you're gonna see if
alien my brother Bob wait is he going
friends with Jane is going boys are you
gonna see him going his part of the blog
today so stay tuned for that but now it
is my turn I am so excited last calendar
we had with these things on our eyes on
or before but I'm just a girl with it
then I got my go white Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles
Wow yeah my Ninja Turtle mask off I was
not expecting that
it's rumor you reach out my cat you're
like looking at like a hundred people
are you out you couldn't tell the fear
but now it's pretty scary I'm not gonna
lie though Jaden's reaction with a
little bit bad everyone thank you for
that first day no we are going to be
doing in this epic I guess who goes like
fer okay to have a thing basically like
drama and that rule goes are created I'm
really excited but United States a
because we have done so many more things
in here but some of them I'm going to be
coming up later and Jaden's vlogs him
get ready but that's what now it's time
to go to
yeah I want a scooter and you get that
many taken out again I go no I never buy
something that's silly
I'm gonna buy a bike that was a girl
I don't know
yeah you did yeah
I didn't get a jackpot on that last
chart which is sad but it's okay because
I did get like eight and I know ten Jack
Lutz I honestly don't even know if I was
going to surprise areum right now we're
gonna see we can all get with our crush
I'm excited he's excited we're all
excited it's good let's get it 5,000
tickets five thousand five hundred and
forty third thing is out of us as well
oh my god what am I gonna get in flight
silence okay like this is so lame but
I've always wanted one of these things
it's like that towel that you blend
water and then it gets really cold I
honestly don't know why I'm doing this
but I've just always wondered what and
I've never had one so I'm getting it I
ended up going to the Nerds Ralph on
this little punch ball thingy I got the
towel things of gently rose and sour
punch and of course get a necklace I
know you do that was insane
I can't even believe that now I'm inside
so I can explain it a little better
there was only one cop and it was a girl
and she was like ready for him you ran
out of the store and get on the ground
get on the go
and so he didn't get on the ground and
so he must've called for backup all of a
sudden like 10 cop cars came that was
crazy though yeah I'm gonna get gloves
okay yeah I'm trying to tell us Thornton
chains like opening his car door get it
yeah and really you're no ideas like
what's going on I will never get that
five minute someone else exact but Wow
um kids this is a good lesson to learn
don't do that things don't resist arrest
don't do bad things you know if
something's going on and you really
didn't do it just you should go down to
the police station they'll figure it out
later but just stay safe your kids don't
stop lit because clearly that's very
very bad Wow oh my gosh my brain is like
on fire right now gentium in the handle
what just happened this is literally
crazy okay well let's go about our
target trip and all that you know breezy
any judgment I actually was landing I'm
vlogging here at Tyga I was planning on
like coming here to target and then if I
saw like any new Georgia boy I was gonna
vlog it oh wow I had one I get it oh
yeah I need to be done talking about
this it was like literally like going
crazy in my mind okay I need to be done
this guy is literally outside and you
want to hear the craziest thing is I had
a dream where we were in target and
someone came in and
like shoplifted and then like cops had
to come and it was crazy and oh my gosh
that's literally kind of like my dream
coming true except for we didn't
actually see the guy running out of
store anything we just literally got
outside right as the cop was like get on
the ground get on the ground and I do
not wanna say it once again like that is
a very bad idea that and you guys like
you have to listen to the cops if you
don't know that like you have to they
are like like you that's the thing that
you do that's like it's like a thing
that people do that people know I don't
know I'm gonna I'm just doing like Jack
of the stories Bob okay I need a hammer
let's go you got a couple of jojoba is
all accept all accept that's cool that's
cool they got a lot of these bags you
should buy this bag they barely ever
have them first they got the judge of
Betty aside from an arrest going on I
tell you the house judge okay that's
cool hey friends welcome back to my
hotel room anyways though I don't know
if you guys know this or not but I
actually did 12 days of calamus with
Colleen ballinger Isles Miranda sings
obviously and we created a lot of really
fun videos I'm twelve videos all the way
up until Christmas but then something
happened to show one of those videos and
I was so confused so basically what
happened is one of these videos got
taken down and I was like why does this
get taken down and it apparently it got
flagged for like not feeling friendly
and I was like why it's like me and
Glavine like nuts why like it didn't
even make sense so I started to look
into it more and eventually just got
taken down all together from YouTube it
got a strike on my channel and I got my
live-streaming revoked or trees like
taken away like I'd have to wait three
months to live shame again I was so
confused because I was like because like
this shouldn't be happening and so I
decided to appeal the decision which
basically means to send it into YouTube
and be like hey listen like I respect
the guidelines like I do not think that
this video violated them at all like
could you please look into this further
and then yesterday actually I was
looking at my channel and I was like oh
my gosh like my strike is gone which
usually takes three months and it took
like a month and I was like oh my gosh
the live streaming is back and oh my god
the video was bags like I was like wait
all three things happen really quickly
so it ended up being a glitch in their
system where basically it was just like
a mess up the algorithm just
accidentally messed up something got
switched around and it was just totally
one Harper set a glitch as to what I
understand
and so the video can't be uploaded about
a week ago and so it's only been off
technically for eight days and it's so
weird because it's like no one really
knows about this video because it got
taken down right away and so I was like
I don't know
we upload this video but just edit out
all the Christmassy things so that is
currently what I'm about to do and you
guys are gonna get to enjoy a time-lapse
of that what I'm so excited though now
that I can post this video because it
was actually doing really really good
for being up for eight days and for no
one knowing about it it had almost like
400,000 views which is like really
really good there literally no one
knowing about it and for it being so far
down on my channel it was literally the
one two three four five six seven
there's a seventh video that I uploaded
with her so I was like right in the
middle so far down like no one would be
able to find it now but a lot of people
did a lot of people look for it and a
lot of you don't found that so I am
reloading that today on my main channel
so make sure you check that out right
now I will link it down in the
description of course so make sure you
check it out right now and also to
subscribe on your over there business
even header but now enjoy this
time-lapse of me taking 30 seconds of my
life and editing of this video quick
because I had to take all the
Christmassy things out I had and put all
new things in so we're not lazy Jackie I
am done editing that time-lapse is over
but now you gotta know this already but
my brother Jim he is a blogger yeah so
my friend Lee James Ewing he is 17 years
old he is awesome I love him so much and
he is now becoming a vlogger so you guys
put your seatbelts on because it is now
Jaden's turn to take over the vlog for
the day so Jayden I'm throwing it to you
hey everyone is Jean and we're back
we're doing something new on Fridays
we're doing it it's called beard Fridays
so what I'm gonna do from here on out
I'm gonna conquer up here that everyone
has either of height spiders snakes
close and tight spaces but this week
needed Heights and I went to the VR
arcade and it was really intense it was
really scary so let's get that part
start oh he's all right now
every Friday I'm doing something new on
the blog I have a fear of something
different every week but on Fridays we
do fearful Fridays and this week it is
gonna be walking the plank over some
high buildings and you know I'm think
this is gonna be scary because it's end
of VR and I'm super excited to do it
you think that'd be scary yeah
okay so as well as going to the VR
arcade we're also going to the normal
arcade let's get that started as well
gonna play my new favorite game I'm
gonna play some you know little golden
deer okay so we did some super fun
things today we went to the Mall of
America we did the brrk we also want to
ignore lorikeets and we did another
ticket competition but but really that's
all I did today so before I leave I want
you guys to go do me a favor and comment
down below a fear that you would like to
see me comment on a Friday I'll do any
of them you want me to do it go down
below and comment it but that's really
it for me today I'm gonna give the vlogs
back to Joe Joe actually testing out
some new settings on my cameras I have
no glue of this but it looks like
because I believe having it on the vlog
recently we've missed you so much but
what this unit is I'm on this too so Boo
Boo's what have you all been up to
lots of lagging boma okay the way I
don't even think half of you guys know
this Oh has been in Minnesota with us
this whole time like watch the boobs out
even like in Minnesota I know but what
is freezing here it's so cold in
Minnesota but do you like Minnesota I
love it too voa's yes I do yes I do that
is a literally hide talking to my dog I
love you I love I love you I think she
was monster it's a thing it works that's
just like Duncan you mean my dog we have
a secret relationship you guys you don't
even understand it hi bubbles great
conversation with you but now it is time
to wrap it up for the night Bobo you're
an out Charlotte I
Wells all yours I won't play it play it
play it I just do what I wanna
