you don't mind I'm just gonna go with
the same question who is my favorite
youtuber but yeah greatly I'm all of it
again we're actually headed to a store
that sells Djokovic you guys why don't
we go on a joto more tradition we're
ahead into five below it's actually
we're like look at really literally two
feet away from it but I'm gonna just
pretend like we're gonna really like
dives lessons just keep walking let's
pretend like we're not there yet and I
wearing five below Jade are we gonna
find out gingers over that garter we got
mine general merch yes Jade are we gonna
find Joe Joe words they got Jojo EMC and
a dialer that's what I was like on
toothbrushes they are Jews were Jada
okay generic what's that what puts in
this little box that you're putting out
oh wait what are these things
damn I wanna buy some man wipes Chinese
your honor by hand wipes I'll buy these
bosses but instead I'm going to buy this
little toothbrush kit because there's
flaws inside of it I don't buy this
toothbrush kids are flosser that's not a
good idea yes John lemon chase goes oh
my little my little cousin chase goes on
like this and Jada goes that's not Jojo
yeah Jojo Snickers oh yeah baby eat
sleep dance the suspense three things
actually wait YouTube's gray and their
learnings gray and performing its rule
no way
big : I have not seen criticism for
everybody that video that's Wow we're
gonna go pay for these things and I
don't know what we got I think my mom
got some hand rides I think we're
getting some toothbrushes we got all the
gold things I got the judge a dental
floss because I actually do need dental
floss right now I had things stuck in my
teeth
so well let's go pay the sing a song for
me is that what you told me
I have no goods on Jersey all right go
for it
here's ohyou what's your name Ben
Cabella how old are you you're four
years old lucky do you like the
boomerang sign that's awesome it was
nice to meet you alrighty so before I
show you what I'm about to show you let
me preface this but this I am ain't
dying at all to be number one because I
know what categories I'm specifically
number one in merchandising with and I'm
not number one in this category but I
also do know who is number one and it is
it's not a place to be number one it's
awesome to show you guys something cuz
this is all the ones that they had all
the ones that the workers told me they
had in everything so I'm going to show
you all of these and I'm going to show
you my point okay let's go alrighty so
these are all the posters that I have
gathered up from this whole little
display thingy and there's three
different people that I want to point
out there's me there's Jacob and there's
Jake there's a lot of those which are
that there's a lot of those which are
that and there's one of those which are
myself some point that out that mine are
sold out and actually drive to buzzes I
just wanna say that my know I should
have pointed out that miners well and
I'm not bragging at all but - all out so
just don't say we're number one just be
honest just be honest and I'm not going
to be number one at all I'm not could
just be in the store that saw that but
throwing it out there mom-mom
hi what'd you get I got some hands you
notice that took her 50 times as a mom
thanks
well I'm the only one that is warning
everything $1 to $5 let's go five below
yeah
Jojo right you guys like general yeah
behind this they got bug and they got
judges guide to the sweet life I read
and then I was a Volvo journal ever got
that certain places as though it's Jojo
much all the time look at that Claire's
Jojo booty oh whoa whoa whoa start
taking the store break in the store
Jada you got the Jojo skirt on you like
it yeah you're in Jojo modulae head to
down take out so it's Jojo much I just
got the skirt of the boat and the
surgeons got everything he's doing you
years beers
no all right a shot that I see what's
hot Jojo oh yeah baby that means red
zone out good what I like that I like
that they gonna find anything out the
negative are they good but no bugs out
there they go to put jewelry out there
but no look at what they put out there
change what they put up there is that me
neon DJ we listened
good look at these mountains lairs
we're dudes like those that done the new
Joe DiMaggio's Asoka so it makes you
guys go check out clips and if you guys
if you want to get your ears pierced
Claire's actually has special Jojo
earrings that you can get put into your
ears for your first time then you get
your year's period so go check those out
but now I have done with this Jonas
Neubauer and I've thrown a bag of the
fog all right we all leave them they got
a long drive back to Iowa now Jane's
going to get a haircut
but you'll see that in his vlog part of
the night - what no English is back into
our moon I got it kind of quiet right
now because it is 2 a.m. Bowie got back
into our room way long time ago we got
back here like four hours ago but
literally nothing went on so I didn't
vlog anything but I did forget to show
you something check out me up from the
FL you guys they sent us some backpacks
and they look like they're full with
things I actually haven't opened any of
these yet so I have no fluids inside but
they are from the Superbowl and NFL and
I know that because you know says
Superboy Minnesota and they have just
like that but they sent us four
backpacks I'm assuming one for Tom Jess
Jean and Jojo one for all my feeling
although they did forget Bobo come on
now Mike yeah I'll just give her a
buffer and instead so he's justhe's now
v come on with me let's see what's
inside one of these super bowl goodie
bags let's go time to click each one of
these is for my family members so I'm
gonna pick over anyone and then I'm
gonna open it and then I'm gonna let my
family members open their eyes and their
is because that's not fair where I would
open their presents I'm gonna open one
for me and then they get over the rest
of theirs which one do I pick which one
do I pick go and with that one I am
picking this one right here this one is
mine I'm actually really excited for
this isin first of all we got the Super
Bowl back bag which check it out it's
got Super Bowl logo right there it's got
the Super Bowl logo on the side and she
was just a really nice backpack I don't
really know what this part of it is but
I'm a sure to have someone's own Super
Bowl all Super Bowl NFL logo set aside
this is a really nice backpack just
going over the front of it has like nice
big compartments on the side right here
it also turns like a great phone
compartment and I think yeah yeah has
one on this side do that a nice big
pocket up front and then of course your
little ID badge oh and look at those
even I hit it
it's like you're gonna like having like
healthy and also do I know there's
something inside because I didn't feel
it oh you're not even ready for this by
first things far undergone here oh whoa
there's a shirt in this one okay let's
open this guy up
that is so Hugh look at it's all
glittery and pink oh I love this no
check this hoodie out this is a really
cute one that is so cute it's got like
purple metallic it's all superbowl merch
y'all this is awesome what else is in
here we got a little miniature football
only check it out go peoples the
Patriots and the Eagles makes together
whoa I'm here to just support everyone
and of course you support the Super Bowl
and of course Justin Timberlake and pick
it okay let's keep opening oh whoa we
got a little beanie of course in a scarf
wow this is a nice scarf gotta have the
supervillain like a baby whoa oh my gosh
I'm real I'm getting hot I'm really
excited to be in the cold Super Bowl now
because Super Bowl gear we got a little
Super Bowl hat I like this my brother
and dad are gonna weigh these all the
time i'ma wear them all the time so I
could like put my bow on top of it but
hey I love it Bobo guess what I'm just
realizing this helmet is like your
perfect size bubbles right here she's
off camera po boy you wanna you wanna
wear the helmet oh she she said no she
doesn't want to helmet okay
okay I think what was joking Bobo come
on you want to wear this helmet she dies
baby DeMars long ago China helmet I
remember okay
look at this thing this is beautiful I'm
opening this look at that football this
is huge
Bobo you like this boat just game but
what's the mother saying I now oh my
gosh this is such good football I'm not
gonna lie throwing a football is my
favorite ball to throw and this is a
really good football this is like it has
lots of era in it and too it's like nice
and big oh wow I touched that definitely
looks like Sun rose in Revolt oh now the
last thing that is in this bag is I
think what it would private blanket I
don't know those open it this is so hot
like all jokes aside all
inside this blanket is actually really
soft and what I meant about Oklahomans
aside was me giving the NFL Super Bowl
for basically because they sent me all
this cool stuff I honestly hadn't know
who they were sending this to me I got a
call from the hotel today hi mr. bull we
put our name we put our hotel under a
secret name so hi buzz bull we'd have a
package for you though we would like to
deliver up to your room is that okay
with you I was like yeah sure and then
it came up in his head it's from the NFL
for the Super Bowl and I went okay cool
then I overdid it all this I'm just so
excited
look at this blanket I don't think you
can tell her this Bobo are you excited
to sleep with this blanket tonight boo
boo boos look at how much me and Bubba
love this blanket
I wonder if dogs can go to the Super
Bowl I mean I wasn't planning on taking
you but you want gum all right you can
be in charge of hotel room and that
isn't for inside the bag but but this
backpack is actually so awesome like if
I went to school I would run harbors
that use this backpack I'm gonna be
using it for home school as a laptop
compartment a zipper laptop compartment
a whole bunch of pens old compartments
and it's like soft and like it looks
like it was like keep things like warm
or cold and then like two big
compartments and here I mean and then
the backpack itself is huge I know I'm a
great tutorial giver aren't I
look at it let's let's see if it's buh
buh approve bubble you like it I think
she likes it so this bag I mean is Jojo
proof is bow Horford what else do you
need sit down you guys I'm going to pick
you back up from that non zoom Dan from
that steady camera angle that I had
there and I am going to keep volume with
you guys actually technically I'm not
gonna be the one blowing with you
because my brother Jayden is gonna be
vlogging with you all now my brother I
know I explained you earlier when we
were getting his haircut that Hughes
didn't think I was like and I did
although um I actually filmed it for him
so some of its from this camera but you
don't care about that all you care about
is a love like you're watching and
enjoying so go check out my brother
Jana's vlog footage from the day and
through to what everyone if you don't
know who I am I'm Jana I am here with my
part in the vlog like usual towards the
end of the vlog but it's okay I'm still
doing it who's the mall I got my haircut
I got a new fresh kind of looks so good
Jojo and I we did a who knows who better
challenge come along and check it out
what we did today so let's get it
started
I'm hit
turned up it's gonna look so good before
the Super Bowl we're in the middle of
getting my hair cut right now it looks
so much better than it is God what do ya
my name is Troy buzz the barber 27 years
of doing this six years at this location
now I'm down in Las Vegas come see me at
Caesar's Palace pawn shops are two
shapes I like a man that knows the hands
are quite fun little cute oh there's
their elbows now bring that in front so
this gentleman is from Las Vegas that's
right which is way closer for you to go
get another haircut I know I know quite
a bit
oh no who's gonna do this to me tomorrow
morning you know who knows you is who
knows you who knows who better oh okay I
wasn't worried it's okay good I really
wasn't either well before we're gonna do
is I'm gonna ask four questions to her
about myself and see if she knows them
all
okay you're gonna ask me for questions
about yourself whoever gets the most
right out of the two of us wins blue
you're going to like be like shopping I
do have a good idea go back and forth
and back go back but this game is gonna
be funny because we know nothing about
each other we're gonna live together
forever together before have you know
another garage rock paper scissor shoot
shoot dang it a certain Jaden when I
perform I've performed three songs Kenda
Katie serve all the drama and boomerang
which one is the easiest to perform and
which one is the hardest to perform let
us say boomerang is easy to perform
you've done it the longer they hold the
drama is the
yeah yeah well the drama is hard because
it's the middle one and so as I
advocated occasions like literally
letter like sounds like car ah who don't
want to win the Super Bowl
the Eagles no path baby this is going to
be out how well you know Bobo Jaden I
don't know how old is Bobo and when is
her birthday she's till yeah I don't
know her birthday come on dick yes
January 5th you think she just turned 2
okay why would I have known that okay so
since I'm still on the topic of sports
what is my favorite baseball team Oh
your favorite Matson's that's a tricky
question for you because that is because
you have a lot your all-time favorite
favorite is the Yankees yeah that's a
good answer but yeah I know you like
Yankees um Dodgers I like them but
they're not one of my favorite well go
LA I don't know well I got my jaded out
of all my YouTube videos that I have
uploaded on my main youtube channel
which is my favorite that's a tough
question but I have two thoughts and it
first came to my head with this one I
was gonna have to say probably the first
jojo's juice or boomerang video it was
yeah so I was like I'm about the first
journey juice or any of the videos I've
done Brenda sings that that's good one I
don't know one of them right now because
that's not like a music video to me you
know like cuz all my main channel videos
I edit and so it's like those like I
edit I create like I'm really in the
middle of doesn't feel like a video you
know I just think with boomerang that
it's really just it was more music
videos and more like I hey everyone
what's up it's Joe Joe video and so I
think the know-it-all Paul of videos on
my face those are actually my favorite
like you guys all fall back comment on
Joe Joe's Instagram bell rings all of
that so since from the topic of YouTube
I want throw my next question to who is
my favorite youtuber okay yeah
you know I was gonna go with the same
question who is my favorite youtuber and
wait I'm gonna tell you this it is not
one of my friends because I have a lot
of friends who are youtubers and I I
watch and I watch all of their YouTube
videos 24/7 like haha I'm friends I love
you guys
not one of them because I have so many
friends and I love them all so much so
it's someone that I've never met that is
not after your ear so I'm not giving
someone a free like three plugs okay no
okay oh I have one what is my favorite
breakfast food anything that's all
knowing it's not toaster sure nope
waffles nope pancakes no crepes I've had
it every day this week
cereal nope I've been eating cereal once
we've have it I ate the last one tonight
a Mick muffin preface the McDonald's and
that make the muffin also to your SD
card part of the boy my ass D card ran
out of storage so we had to switch
engine do you like they're down the last
ones literally go oh your eyes you guys
about to run out of an elf and it ran
out right there nail them what's up mom
Oh your favorite youtuber yeah if I
would string onto the deserted island
you can only take one item of food like
to eat for the rest of my life there
what genre would it be and like what
like dish so yeah that makes sense
um anything what is my favorite food
cupcakes frosting frosting like it's
like a food that could be a meal what's
my favorite food that could be a meal
steak nope
ramen nope mac and cheese what kind crap
yep I want the other one have you had it
recently like two days ago when we eat
we're doing that today on the hotel
pizza cheese pizza pepperoni be
biology's pizza
no I do like methanol salad breadsticks
are you gonna hit add
when Bo Peep you don't know Patti gave
her this as a treat dog dude no no you
know what I'm stuff beat the rules not
eat meat rule today yeah give me a half
one that ones I did say pizza
and I said keep going and you but brute
Abita but that will be done by defense
oh she only eats pineapple and chess
piece for me we did a great visit some
great stuff today we went I got my hair
cut we did what is this called
who knows who I'm madder than that great
but not it for me today we're gonna give
it back to Jojo
even though she's ready I'm going to be
wrapping it up for the night I love you
all so so so so so so so at my sims are
a little off let's try that again I love
you all so so so so so much that is much
better but that is a wrap of our daily
meal so much I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace out what they say i'ma come back
with a boom
