hey you guys going to heaven sigil see
ready was a visit a little bit well
that's good y'all good I'm just so glad
to hear that if you can I tell I am
greatly in my performance look right now
I'm performing at NFL Super Bowl Kids
Day superstar sighs Wow but I am
performing today all the Red Sox and
this is my al but you got we got the
shoes we got the skirt we got the little
shirt in we got the jacket and we got
the boat and we got the faith in I don't
have any bracelets but I do got yours
and it's going to be a great day you
guys to cut along with me on this
journey let's get going guys my health
is at an all-time high and can't wait
you guys a little feeling under the
weather did it behind you feeling pretty
not Who am I to go perform is gonna be
great oh we always got another sign fest
but Jaden is actually gonna be blogging
number for it so let's go do it
oh yeah so I did a little quick change
after the performance the performance
was every by the way but now I've
actually well there's no one in here
this is weird
I'm in this little area where like all
the toys and games and things aren't I
performed over there earlier but there's
no one in here
this is sweet salad where those things
that you jump over
nailed it Kyoto because this is actually
this is good background I just take a
picture on this we're at the Mall of
America right now this is Occupy you can
tell a little bit better from their
crazy ceiling but we're doing this thing
is called radio rower base plates like a
whole bunch of interviews right now I'm
actually in the Twitter area I'm gonna
do some enemies get some fun things and
then we're gonna girl you got so we are
in the know we just wrapped up to
impress we're ahead to Hard Rock Cafe
we're gonna have some dinner with
everyone and then I'm gonna ride some
rides I'm excited it's gonna be great so
let's go oh my god there's a little baby
ease it and you actually jump it and
they have a wall barely upstairs that
they have people sign and they want me
to go sign their wall this is so cool
I'm excited let's get yeah oh my gosh is
so fun my heart nachos I heard but not
just chin did we go nice a big right
here that's pretty big
okay
our hard rock going to measure them by
meter GoPros like a part of the ride so
yes I literally bought just for this
vlog so you better move on to this vinyl
can't let this go for a jog for a couple
of minutes and then it's good to go for
this go oh you guys check out the Ninja
Turtle I tied it up for zero but now
one hour later but this your this the
Ike is in the other store I would take
out all the Jojo Virginia they got lots
of I give them things you might get some
other things that are not dirty but I
don't know I'll let you know though he's
off he's off he's riding away with that
Bo Jackson's literally obsessed with
Georgia lunch okay I'll take it
I even Junior one girl he's not you do
yes before and he likes it be like
you're too much
yeah yeah get in so do you like Georgia
March Jenna do you like it
Milan do you like it yeah Jack do you
like Jojo merch yeah I like generous
do you like Georgia merch you can't tell
but that was it yes I knew my brother
saying my name what's up J what are we
getting actually crazy obviously we all
got these glasses but you'll see why
y'all got these in Jaden's right of the
vlog later days okay I didn't find as I
should wrap up on me volume for the day
before I do my outro but hey you guys
already know this but my brother Jayden
is a vlogger and he bought a little tad
bit today I'm gonna show you guys what
is it so what was i how much did you
blog time all z1z years of all symbolic
wave of Jaden's long baby I actually
found the kids s is crazy you guys want
to be on the blog yes okay
Jaidyn and Joe George went on one of the
craziest ride them all America called
brain surgeon
and these two are chicken right there
but they ain't gonna ride
okay so that is it for me today we did
some crazy things but I have to be kind
of quiet it's really late right now but
it's the mall we rode all the rides we
did a ton of fun stuff there we also
watch Joe Joe perform and I felt kids is
she absolutely destroyed her performance
oh there's not that's it and that's an
end on me for today so I'm gonna give it
back to Joe Joe anyone Dali's evacuate
I'm gonna be wrapping it up for the
night I love y'all so much things rise
in his life and I will see you all
tomorrow peace bye
