bring everything down a little bit
realize good day guys good I'm just so
glad to hear that welcome to Minnesota
where it's freezing cold out today it is
actually so cold here but you guys we're
about to have the best day ever but this
is not how we start our day so let me
tell you how we started our day so how
we started this day today is that a
master shot which is basically the home
of the Juicy Lucy head I like Jayden
takeovers vibe this morning so Jack Wow
these are right now we're going to
Matt's and they have none of the best
burgers in there okay wait I told Dad
that if he lets me squirt this into his
mouth its mustard a lot of injure his
mouth I'll give him an Instagram
shout-out on the vlog and his room
shouted on Instagram bring it bring over
I do like that
we don't think people know what the
difference is in this kind of juice
River like a normal cheeseburger explain
yeah yeah I will um sorry I'm gonna get
a knife to really show you but when you
cut it down the middle you'll see that
the cheese is actually inside of the
patty so watch this ready moving out see
how the cheese is in the middle
pretty cool huh it was good it was juicy
and it was Lucy and it was cheesy and I
really like that what do you think of it
it was good it was juicy it was Lucy it
was cheesy and I really liked it a lot
I'm starting this night off right this
is the most epic vlog ever
go to david buzzers awesome to all my
daily members are here so we got
by author who is your Yanis and J and
Dax and Jaina and the such a party back
to this morning not chasing Jana and Dax
now that makes you a little baby because
I know we're not going over there yeah I
know right the cutest thing ever learn
so yeah I'm gonna introduce you to that
actually so you don't just get a big
clip of me running around without all
the duties you to all the family once
they are back but until then you guys
get ready because this vlog is going to
be exciting because it's Jojo zero vlogs
oh yeah and if you have not already
makes you subscribe and visit in there
because Unidas are the best but let's
get going with this volume I'm just not
premiering myself okay let's go am I
gonna get more tickets than you know yes
wait if you do not see yesterday's vlog
let me fill you in for a second I got
24,000 take otezla they roll the clip
24,000 are you excited
what are you gonna play games
oh you gotta get it
total of 10,500 ish tickets we did great
sorry so we will be coming back because
we have to leave early because I have an
early call time tomorrow but we'll be
back because I have like a thousand
points thing you know what nobody forgot
to news and I gotta see my cousin and
then I think that's all yeah we got a
lot of cool things though we are so much
fun we're back in the hotel I don't know
if he knows enough but I am actually
performing tomorrow I'll be performing
and a little kids day tomorrow at a big
stage in front of a thousand people and
I'm gonna be singing all three of my
songs and I have to kind of use those
nice to just kind of warm up dude
somebody like jumping jacks wealthy a
lot of crazy things I was like you know
what I'm gonna let you guys watch me
ride you that so I'm gonna run through
all three of my songs while doing that
and then after that I'm gonna rest then
I'm gonna go to bed so as my dad do it
it's Jojo here we go is something about
that you just got no taste they can back
that up and down street grandmama so
crazy crazy crazy when they serve you
with drama I won't let you play it play
it I just do what I wanna you can think
I picked give you left to put your hands
up I don't dance
bigger better faster stronger yes see I
ain't just a darker catch me if you can
get just think you get all right because
I just finished up doing that and
basically why I do that is because then
it's like you push it more and you work
out more than you would actually
normally during the performance super
instance and boomerang like I never sing
the Rose on stage just because that's
kind of my time when I'm just kind of
like having fun saying how did the
audience at supper never see me
everything else and so when I drink
things like this I actually sing those
projects and I blow exercises those
bright so that it makes it even boy
tired
which explains right now why my face is
bright red and also Jim I'm sweating
literally like an alpaca I like glitter
adds up does the girl back to sweat
anyways I'm gonna go work on Joe dozers
for a minute and I'll catch up with you
guys three two one hiding friends
alright now I am just chilling here we
are watching some jz9
I want to do with my dad right now but
I'm actually gonna be wrapping this vlog
up for the night so that is all that I
have y'all today thank you for watching
this vlog and thank you for coming a lot
of meat on this journey go boys run
through the rest okay that was a no
that's all I have you all today thank
you so much riding this mic and I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
everybody has those
everybody
