Hey I love that one has got good blood
here anyways you guys what's up welcome
back to Jersey of like okay so here's a
situation cold days gonna be mine only
went to a really fun non branded theme
farms but as you guys know for the Kids
Choice Awards I did a two-part vlog
series so pretty much the number two
theme park kind of got pushed to the
side so I was kind of like oh I'll just
like vlog down I'll never use the
footage or maybe I'll use it later and
then tonight I watch it back the footage
and I was like wow I really like that
footage so today I let you guys watch
the vlog of me and my family going to a
very fun non branded theme fight check
it out Jayden oh yeah come on Brandon
themed boy yeah yeah yeah are you ready
good news is I lost my voice pretty much
everybody
and after today it's gonna be fully
garden because I'd scream a lot when I'm
here so Greg I didn't realize this but
right now I'm on the collodion shoes I
mean it's kind of everything Dax I'm
with ya I wish I could be in a stroller
right now one kid does not belong Hardin
so no me remember enough that last time
we were at this number at the pug we
bought these stickers here it just kind
of sucks up on random people there's a
little flashback so good still I said
today we've got these stickers like dad
I'm ready gonna get people we're gonna
get fans we're gonna don't workers we're
gonna be a family we're gonna get
everyone oh boy excited for this yeah
aren't you got a great legit
oh you're excited is so excited I'm
ready
you excited you excited drill I was
gonna ask you they're excited but I
think that was the answer back
Rita readers gonna have a day right even
so excited me - let's do this it's gonna
be pokemon fight
honestly I have no clue how no-one's got
on to this yet but do you know how many
you have on you right now
I like your shirt he's so cute
I'm not gonna lie I'm gonna try to fly
you today Eterna sniggering today but
suddenly got a habit dad yeah he's
taking you guys along with me on the
rise so now it is time for the epic ride
phones let's do it
my grandma loves those are items like
the vendors acutely aware do I get are
you emotional tears of joy are you
crying
all right in Fresno thank you so much
for watching us non-branded vlog I love
you guys so much
