hey everyone its judgment our question
for you you want to sneak peek at my new
movie wait wait a minute
of course you do let's do it you're fine
you're fine you're fine it's really hot
is it on here you are now Aloha a little
bit like our going down the window you
being so weird what well are you like
going through puberty what's due no
Victoria no I'm not I already did almost
a year ago
okay tell my life why am I telling you
this
the junkyards that way Chuck oh yeah
yeah yeah my uh my car it's pretty ugly
kind of like that face are making no no
I didn't mean oh my god I didn't mean it
like that I was you're actually way more
adjusting this way hey hey what's up I'm
Jess Norman and I'm Joe just do us and
we're on the set of Dwarfs we're about
to play battle I've been to Australia
okay I was born in New York City okay
and I have one brother you're born in
New York City's Bligh
freak it out everything I think I say
and I've tried everything and nothing
works that I even told Corinne Spurs
that she turns my legs into jelly when
we're on that one by me again okay I
know this sounds crazy but the other day
at the mall with the whole virtual
reality fountain incident yeah I think
that's screwed up my brain now every
little thing that comes through my mind
comes out of my mouth and I can't
control it
she thinks you're crazy makes you crazy
she's not following any of those just
because I'm not buying it doesn't mean
that I'm not following
look Nick my whole life people have been
telling me to speak up spit it out don't
be afraid to express herself so today we
say now I am but I can't stop I'm scary
okay have you tried going back to the
mall maybe the virtual reality thing it
has like a reset button of course when I
think that victory you're a genius I
could kiss you on the lips oh my god
that's that's weird not like that like a
like a like on the cheek or on the bum
bit on their forehead you know like a
brotherly kind of love job I know how
this is gonna be a problem let's go the
little thing that comes through my mind
comes out of my mouth
victorious morning breath is even worse
than mine excuse me after hours staring
at a picture in the yearbook she still
turns my legs into jelly no you're not
you you're not your heart
