crazy crazy crazy hey you're currently
backstage at the convention center we're
going through the shop but really but I
think I might be through they're
bringing all of our security people
right now I'm super excited about into
the revealing of the shirt info I think
oh my god it's gonna dress my welcome to
this day it's a journey so let's keep
going
this place is 3 this is my god like oh
wow there's so many cool blue and purple
lights I love this place that's awesome
pumpkins lying out there you'll see that
later fact I've no clue it's going right
now but this thing is Bowie oh my god I
like did not expect this I am like wow
and I just love that it's pink lights
like this just make my life complete
got a little Superbowl countdown going I
don't know if you can see it but there's
a super look down Dallas - like those
feel like it is actually let me just say
like I was not expecting like this crazy
or whole convention center field like it
is unbelievable
so but now I'm gonna go drive all we're
not going into the darn elevator
like set it right there check out a cute
it is like it I gotta love this play and
I think my pitch is over here oh yeah I
like all your shirts
thank you and I like your shirt and your
insurance veneers nerd alert
or not in real life is like my dear
taking missions I already take my
pitches but we're back to feet three and
I'll show you Bedouin has charge of us
and the Jonah shirts on is fibbing I
already did Lana but look at hi we have
a job no shirt and bow on do present for
me oh my goodness thank you I love it
okay I'm going to set it right here so I
can open it later gage we take some
pictures together yeah let's do it
can i buy bots yeah you gotta join us
you're an to Jojo go on Maya
that's a really good name you got a
Jewish shirt on fine what's your name no
okay when you subscribe so you're a Cu
inator
yeah this post
I already movie just finish up the
meeting boot and now we are headed out
to do some activation so here is really
cool they have like funnel activations I
have different little booze Dave
different sponsored business so I'm
gonna go check all those out and then
later tonight record Evan Balcer but
let's go check out these booths place on
Mondays it's gonna be great let's go
look at it
the trout feet to the lighting in here
we currently just bought a whole bunch
of clothes right now we're checking our
net well I'm not checking up everyone
else is checking yeah I got seven cell
back there then workers are helping us
out my mom and I'm gonna stop you got
her security of myself live is just
great guys I got a schoolteacher over
there it's just grant I just care with
your David Buster's right now you
couldn't do any sane gaming challenger
bring so much funnier cards and we're
gonna see how many tickets we can get
I'm plugging my brother James why isn't
it bouncing back and forth between my
camera and Jada's here oh we're gonna
have an insane challenge us and you get
more tickets to tell that was go excited
but before we do this action you say one
thing this video is not sponsored anyone
you know what I'm talking about knows
what I'm talking about it is not
sponsored 100% da sponsors we just kind
of showed up and buzzers you were in
buying our passes right now I'm not
sponsored but you don't care about me
being a sponsor let's go play again this
little girl came running over dragon I
got tickets come on dagger five times
and a total of 200 each society's a lot
of changes that I've just won free Diana
and Jane Savannah typically those lenses
get added together and we are about to
win two thousand tickets all we need is
big little Ridge that's right there oh
my boys are doing
Jenna let's go there we go as soon as
this Falls we warned
oh I think I'm gonna end up getting a
giant injustice I've always wanted one
dee dee what are you going to get candy
I don't know I think I can't let either
that big they're at that white Pig there
or maybe a big pillow I don't know this
is something I watch the final number
twenty four thousand good do I need more
outlets hi I think I'm is okay here's a
time-lapse of me pinging visit with Jo
Jo Jo
Jaidyn react 24,000
oh my shirt I got it give me your boob
has a phone
I got some hatred here I got the normal
stuff it's good
