la yeah so we're on the LAX right now
we're checking in actually I'm not I'm
not judging you but you're doing our
bags at all things that I'm playing with
my dog and I also do we're coordinating
it look at she has a pink and blue I got
bigger board I got pink and I got blue
Wow hey guys going to every single Zoo
kids them right now because I have one
ham down here in one hand down here so
it's fine you're just not gonna get the
zoo one listen Joe but anyways going
every single Steven it was out of this
entire little baby old Eskimos day guys
good I am just so so so glad I like all
you're gonna take that for me is like
you so nice you're letting me do him
Wow okay well good morning guys how's it
going oh yeah oh yeah okay we are at LAX
right now if you are new here I have
judges you this is my vlog channel this
is my life so go unreasonable down yada
yada yada all those things subscribe
we're at LAX right now Bobo everyone
here know like that for me but it's okay
it's all good we actually if I get on a
flight right now like we are on the
plate right now Bobo is like a silly
problem she's a little something like
this the whole time we're about to
actually land girl I was like I got to
show you guys what's happening I
basically slept the whole time but I did
watch I guess I did watch up a whole
movie so I did watch a whole movie in a
whole TV show so I didn't really sleep
that much but I did sleep a lot we're
about to be in Minnesota but you guys
there's a fun night it is Saturday and
this already now it's like 6 7 o'clock
and we're landing but um I haven't even
filmed Saturday's video yet for my main
channel so I have a couple ideas in my
head
um as you can tell my boys and I don't
really want to be like
connected you know it since I was boo so
I don't really want to be like everyone
is screaming at the time my life so I'm
either gonna do a video where I like
random dad's at Target and explain my
voice thing and you know we're about to
lens
I got a still film a video and I have to
enter the video and I have to upload the
video and I have to create a thumbnail
so that's my line let's hear like we'd
only in those like two minutes use I
gotta put my camera away I got a hold on
to Bobo and she's so tired right now
also I brought over a really cute little
winter jackets he's gonna put it all
over get his gold here like that okay I
actually don't put you away though and I
have to get any feelings of peace you
guys we are on the plane right now she's
gonna slay this whole time but I just
noticed something you ready for this
wait for it wait for it you still
managed to get your arm out of this
shirt I always take so right your arm
out of her shirt I do not well yeah that
would be around we're about to land in
like two minutes so hi actually I gotta
go because I gotta put the camera down
and I gotta like hold on to my dog so
she doesn't know what you do could you
imagine every so scary instead of the
same devil can't possibly employes it's
almost gone so gotta go it's raining
four minutes out out there a little bit
to jacket Bobo's you look thank you I
pop over the sweater jacket is finally
the first I thought I could use it
oh it's just my gonna take a left arm
out of it but it's so love you we just
landed a minute stuff we got all our
bags not the dark she's ignoring me it's
my Diana view she
hurry back
Bobo's got her little windows go look at
Ike as I got to put it on her in a
second cuz we're gonna go outside that
little baby can't be golden you can't be
good can you no no no what are you what
are you doing
good start is the realest thing but I
love her so much
no here I'm gonna go see Diana oh don't
you do duty oh I'm doing it guys I got a
snow I'm going to get Diana we got a
busy little Nancy sprinter man I can
look at how cool is this y'all eyes we
got a flat-screen TV we got a place for
the dog stroller I mean it's just
everything in here mom you like it I
love it
damn you like it Diana you like it I do
for those of you who don't know Kim is
my publicist and Diana's my hair makers
and that is my mom and that's my dog I
don't know a lot of you know those two
you like I know either you always see
them a lot but I don't know if you
actually know them so that's they are
and we just catch our hotel
we just got the hotel we're not going
jegging go to ruin all of jiu-jitsu no
no God watch your back guys but run
don't run and don't get me no no whoa oh
you will it's all fun and games so judge
gets involved terrible have fun so we
quit the hotel we drop below up and now
we made a quick little journey to target
also do what you just saw before this
was me my brother have a quick little
snowball fight but the reason why I tell
you right now is because why would I and
also do because my mom was to get some
groceries but in the meantime I have to
film for my man no but this tour is huge
but I'm trying go find the girls
clothing department to see if they have
Jojo merge in the dance skin line I
present on my blog hi nice to meet you
I'm going to the girls played if I'm a
damn cute Super Bowl clothes see what it
feels like for my main channel here
sounds like you guys go to that I'll go
do this I'm trying to find Super Bowl
clothes I'm trying to find my clothes
I've gotten to a lot of things you hit
this target dirty hi what's your name
nice to meet you do they have my dad's
skin stuff like this is like a huge
target I actually think they could have
it
what song isn't is it the one that goes
I'll come back like a boomerang do they
have it I don't think they have it it's
so sad ok today I'm gonna veer also do
I'm apparently Targa has a swimsuit I
thought online so they might have that
yeah I am on a mission for Jojo merge I
want to find something here let's see
let's see they got bows not gonna lie
it's a little embarrassing
I don't got anything say that hey I'm
Joe George I did actually find some
piece of Georgia which I'm very cool
that's my Danskin wait you just saw my
general reaction oh who is it actually
yeah oh my gosh oh my gosh they have the
little babies are not in the right spot
though I can't go find my mom you guys
okay I feel like I need to explain kind
of sort of what just happened is I've
never seen the desk in Virginia before
and I just saw for the first time and
that was like for his reaction to
everybody play it cool yeah so Leslie
what I haven't and my mom's never seen
it either before so I'm trying to find
her mark oh oh oh I got a bolo I don't
follow
Margo oh we're never sealing stories
that's awesome
mom I'm alright
I look better than regular dance get
something they didn't have it then I was
like looking at like some random things
turn my head and I was like alright they
have I'm gonna go look for more I just
ran from the other side of the store but
I could have found you knew I was riding
tomorrow but hugeness riding tomorrow so
like kind about you but look at the
dance couch
okay okay cabs would spin the cart well
Ryan okay we got some dancing a bunch hi
okay how started off are you guys so
that guy told me that I couldn't be
blogging like a dad in the store so I
think he meant like a little obnoxiously
vlogging and being really loud I'm on my
small camera though so I'm gonna take my
small camera around I'm more dancing
boys let you know if I find it but I
gotta be a little bit what is great oh
sheesh
oh you don't I just realized if you
don't I can't be going like that that
means I'm not gonna be able to go my
main channel on video in here oh oh what
are you doing
oh come with you why think you know it
mom tell you dick yes it's okay I'll
just fill my main channel video back at
home but um I'm gonna go see there more
dancing words do you think they have the
Jojo bedding oh wait
Wow Minnesota's great like it like it
way back wait wait wait okay I found it
I found it we don't have these I'm
throwing them in because we don't have
many of those wait so they actually did
have that betting do you think they had
anything else they are lots of Jojo
right here okay okay yes guys Bowl I
what I'm sorry what was not
here's our what are you doing dude cold
ears I'm sure we'll be back in target
solving Bobo next time I promise okay
okay so the situation is they didn't
have any more dance get much side dish
show you guys that cuz I would have just
been a like a disappointment you like
you were just all my just point beeping
I go on it yeah you guys look at this
day I'm like fuck you but like it it
says a New York Times best seller right
on the cover that's me I have four
baggage in your macho man oh my goodness
that Jojo see what that chance was jest
okay are you got tired you to sleep in a
dog bed come on Jess you're getting us
kicked out of target again like I said I
was gonna answer some questions today i
said on instagram who is my favorite
youtuber either casey nice shot or Jojo
what do I think a lip sync battle
shorties I think it's a great concept
with a great show and has some great
hosts on there who's my favorite MLB
team it's the New York Yankees do Jojo
ever fight no we honestly we'd never
fight we never get into it what was my
favorite food my favorite food honestly
has to be either pizza or tacos Aaron
listen can I put a bow in my hair I
would but I don't have one on me and
Jody I'm not jojo's downstairs there
checking it
Oh what is my favorite JoJo's three
songs well personally I like boomerang
but it's not my absolute favorite I like
giving candy short but it's also not my
absolute favorite my favorite of all
time is hold the drama just because it's
kind of catchy and it's got I like that
song I like the beat I like everything
else with it am I gonna start up my own
vlog channel ah
there's potential somewhere in the
future for it but for right now I'm
gonna be here with Jojo for a little bit
what's my favorite memory of Jojo oh
that's a good one I would say the day
after her performance at Mall of America
because I was really fun and it was
really impressive to see what she did
out there all right
friends well today was actually a very
long day full of traveling targeting and
a lot of crazy things I was gonna get
out of targeting anyways that is
whoa did you just hear that
that was crazy I've never done that
before like I was saying about the
rabbit hunting lol so much else you guys
are
