hey guys good
I had a startling to you that I am in
the car rental place right now where I'm
in the car Mazda place that don't ask me
just to turn that a little white little
car class right there
we just returned that car because we've
ended it from when cave and Dave are you
but then the other daughters of us if
you are new here I enjoy to see you and
welcome to the family you guys are now
see what it is very cute of course we
are all together we are
oh yeah baby we're on this together but
it is very loud in here so we are going
to consider this and you're back at my
house let's go like I said are you back
at the house enjoying this I'm currently
running upstairs you are new you welcome
to the family you guys I don't know if
you know this or not but we are actually
going to the Super Bowl tomorrow which I
am so excited but but I'm gonna get to
that in one second first of all Bobo's
come here Bobo has going today I'll take
that as good and here's why I haven't
see but all day today because I was
actually haven't heard so today all this
a living from the guy day I'm all of
jigs agri-food but at least it was fun
you guys and also do i vlog at the
rehearsals because i hate why wouldn't I
so thority you yeah you gotta rehearse
those or nobody got any I'm done they're
actually literally about to leave guys
to go catch a flight to LAX um don't be
late okay is that you Harry and Greeley
I have this big guy hoodie on I'm very
sweaty I mean I would take this video
but I actually have my outfit on under
the gun for the Super Bowls oh that's
pretty good there anyways I'm throwing
it back to future dota because I gotta
go keep rehearsing by myself well thank
you so much children from the recording
studio judge from the future predicting
hereit's at what predicting here know
that this is not what I wanted to say
what did I say something like what's the
word that I'm trying to think of coming
at you coming at you I'm coming at you
so jump from the future coming at you
yeah okay I just need to give this thing
up clearly I'm never going to be a news
reporter actually I should be a news
reporter I'd be a great news reporter
good dad would I be a good news reporter
weather or what I don't know just just
maybe like drama I think I'd be a good
drama news reporter take it away Jojo
Wow I'd now it's time to move along with
this voice so let's get going well
technically the vlog for me has already
ongoing but it hasn't been gotten going
for you why do you do it
is that the waters right it's off this
way give me a kiss
anyways the let's keep moving forward
the thing that happened after we went to
the rehearsals but I keep wanting to say
recording Syria we did not go to the
recording studio to do okay get it down
that not Li Zi Qi didn't be talking
about what is going on today well
technically what already has gone on
today what's going on today is we went
to the mall pretty good I love burning
while we went to Claire's or what I
don't I actually I don't know what else
we did at the mall but I know we've been
too close because that's the only thing
that I remember so I thought it did you
at the mall
what if I put the camera away then were
you sing it for me oh yeah how old are
you boy before and you watch my youtube
videos right I think I say to them
series like you what's your name
Mariana Mariana that just came out
you're Jude came out Wade no way let me
see it Wow
I mean you're like a big kid now you're
like almost five all right it was nice
to meet you
Jen shadows on hecho okay I'm tired good
night good night
we're shopping with my mom right now at
one of our favorites so a little Elvis
doesn't sell Joe too much don't sell
adult sizes of Georgia March which it's
kind of an issue but it's okay because I
can still squeeze into a child lunch too
large we were at change all right now
she came in here saying she was only
gonna buy couple pairs of her favorite
black pants and now we're already at
like a tank top a sweater like four
different guys a black pants but hey
it's not good whatever makes her happy
you guys yeah baby
oh yeah we're in Claire's right now they
have so much Jojo Burch and look at this
Saint have my new book honestly I had no
clue that there was only money but hey
there's a little boo
you can really go buy that Claire's or
also drop what the Amazon link down the
description but check it you guys I love
you guys I think I have a whole display
like literally look at this back wall
like
I've never been that before did you hear
that one
that was good I've never heard that
before okay that was some throw that I
found I didn't know they were pretty
good stories that's awesome I heard like
my own voices actually really okay let's
go keep vlogging that whole journey was
so much fun but now I'm back yeah the
house that mall journey was so much fun
but now I am back here in real-time
I want my tripod things like give it
back here in real time a lighthouse and
I'm going to make slaves you guys what
is going on right now currently this
moment this second let's go and also to
again I have a big performances we can
have the Super Bowl I before me as I
said well no no I'm not like Justin
Timberlake before me on the Super Bowl
but I am performing at kids day which is
super exciting so I have that
performance coming up so I'm going to
the super well I get to go to the actual
game but tomorrow I leave for the Super
Bowl and that's it like actually like
twelve hours I leave so I don't have
anything packed and I don't know what
I'm wearing I don't know what outfits to
take so I have a lot of work to do
tonight but it is going to be fun so I'm
gonna pack all update you that was a
burp in the middle of that I love the J
in the middle oh I honestly I gotta go J
like to spend any more time with you
guys I'm sorry I really have stuff I
gotta do I got a reservoir boys it's
like what time is it it's 1141 p.m. and
I also see your screensaver goals but
it's 11:40 p.m. at night I'll have to
pack I have to film a video for my major
I got a lot I gotta do actually I guess
I could film that video for my main
channel tomorrow morning that would work
out yeah okay just stop blabbering on oh
and I need to rest my voice let it go
bad so yeah
oh my goodness guys all my boys are
o'madden can I tell you my little rock
just finished baggy and I actually look
super organized I know I was like I
gotta show you guys like what's going on
because it's actually like beautiful so
look at this I did everything in section
so I got like my clothes and then I got
like my makeup my hair and then of
course I got all my camera stuff but
here you go I might turn around I'm
going to show you everything so this is
all my clothes that I'm taking and it's
actually really really organized up here
so I got like all my pajamas all my Old
Faithful sequin ease because hey you
never know where you're gonna have to go
in an event there's been so many times
where it's been like hey I need this
even have it up don't have one like
literally that's happened more than I
could ever explain so I'm like from now
on I've literally packed like four
different if that outfits should because
like you never know what's gonna happen
literally anything from like a random
event to a book tour could happen or to
like a meeting or like to dinner or like
something gonna happen so I always come
prepared attack then I got my pajamas my
black jeans my company is my color jeans
my sequiny pants my unicorn and gumball
hoodies my cute little hoodies all my
Jojo shirts color Jojo hoodies gray and
black Jojo hoodies one per 40 losing
battle hoodie and also to a really
really warm hoodie then I got three
winter jackets I can't remember makes
play this or not already but um yeah
we're in the Minnesota where it's like
below zero temperatures with us I had so
many hoodies and Soviets and something
back to do it of course got 150
gazillion bows tons and tons and tons
and tons and tons and tons and tons and
tons of eye drops I got some socks they
got some gloves all the things you need
to be prepared for Minnesota so this is
all my hair make up something eye makeup
over here I got here stuff over here
honestly I don't really use all this
stuff but it's just stuff that like
sometimes my hair is like and I want to
grow up today and so like I need this
stuff to take it up or sometimes it is
like hi-yah like whatever that thing is
in my face and stuff that's I have like
stuff like all of that yeah yummy
delicious and then of course I got my
camera stuff now ditch actually requires
a lot of explaining because there's a
lot that I have to take
oh wait and I have all but more stuff to
to show you but my cameras have requires
like a lot of explaining because these
things actually happen to me but before
I do that I forgot to show you all oh
yeah holders that I'm Brady because me
and my eye makeup artist and we never
have enough colored ponytails and I was
like I'm bringing four of our signal
colors are about four of blue purple
green orange yellow
so this is all my camera stuff there's
actually okay I need to explain this so
the main camera that I'm going to be
taking to Minnesota is this camera right
now that I'm using right here but I have
some rich money to do why I'm bringing
all of these toys so the goal for I've
logged on the other day and I really
really liked it so that's I'm bringing
that of course extra batteries and stuff
an extra tripod literally last time I
was at the airport this exact well not
this exact one but one just like this
tripod broke and I had to deal with a
broken one for my whole trip so I was
like from now on extra tripod oxygen
something that just happened is I
dropped my camera at the airport and so
I broke the lens and the lenses do
anymore that's why for a while all the
vlogs with a big camera I wasn't do me
because my lens was broke
so of course I bring an extra lens from
now on because yep up can't have that
happening anymore
I got a canon g7x months.you and two
batteries that camera is honestly
Chuck cuz that camera is honestly just
like the old faithful like no matter
what that camera always pulls through
somehow her lighting is good her audio
is go no matter what like literally with
that carriage is always always bring
that and then who I just your microphone
you guys okay I have another microphone
like on hand deck ready to go because I
watched my footage back from the dead on
my phone my microphone and so I always
have an extra one because they break all
the time and so it's just a hot mess so
I have all that and now last but not
least bow bow stop so I got her food or
little people guys and their little
treats right there a couple of joys and
of course all of Bobo's wardrobe and her
collars look at this she has a little
winter jacket it is a satellite photo oh
my gosh I can't wait for her to wear a
little bit of soda and I mean a bow is a
bow bow is like your Dane has bows in it
so of course Bobo has bows those are
bows bows that I'm bringing umm it
literally says for Bruce to I think she
has more bows than I have literally that
dog is obsessed with those um so yeah
that is my packing for the night but I
am actually gonna be bobbing it up here
for the night because I am very tired
and I had to go onto Grey's Anatomy oh
wait my brother Jaden see what is a vlog
what is mind blowing father James you
know if you don't know him he is my
brother he is 17 years old where exactly
do you 360 for days work and he is now a
vlogger you guys that I let into a
little teeny tiny tiny tiny bit in my
vlog every single day just like whatever
you vlogs I'm like you know what I just
thought it like you do you boo maybe you
could start your own channel one day
baby you could just
yeah my channel all day long I don't
know sighs I get it let's start vlogging
like you wanna start music yo
moon and so without any further ado you
guys to check out James log footage for
the day I want this like just so they
see me coming alright look at that
what's almost Halloween
Oh user optimal and we didn't argue 82
full-force what we did get other clothes
to wear in Minneapolis we got a ton of
it it looks so nice a let's having great
clothes is that who I think it is no way
it's been I'm Jax
no way it's Jo don't see what actually
Jackie I'm actually going to be wrapping
it up for the night I love you all so
much thanks for watching subscribing a
bit you see I love you all and I will
see you tomorrow
everybody gets that way
