I really I
love it has good day guys good you know
I'm just so delighted and delighted I
feel like I've been saying delighted
recently delighted I was so delighted in
joyful glass didn't have enough Bubba
are you out here what's gonna have you
here I haven't hear that oh if she's
going to play with TT Lauren boy is a
camera end of the day say hi Lauren oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah you guys today was a
full day I'm on set all day today we
came back and I did this to my hair so I
would be narrating this day for you like
our three I feel like it ordinary today
yes I'm so let's start things off with
the first thing that happens day which
as I was on set I was know me for
something really really cool about I
can't tell you guys matter but it did
sneak in a little bit so check it out
really I'm that I'm fortunate I can't
reveal it's not that I'm I'm sorry
haha yeah but I feel like for something
really really cool today and I was
thought that if you guys find out a look
at who my wardrobe is like a look at
this ready fashion my let's go
really really cute though I actually
snuck away from stuff like you read so I
gotta go run back over this and I'll
catch up with you guys later
I came back to my house I got this done
to my hair and do my mom got something
done to her guys a little for morning
Vincent has never see me blog him he has
no idea what he's about to get a do you
ready for this are you ready I'm ready
my hair done so you might have noticed
that I have hair tinsel in my hair and
it's very very cool and this is the
magician who does that magical thing
we're adding more colors and for the
Super Bowl because there's what colors
are they they're pink blue purple and
silver right well I am going full chivay
to style tonight I learned all the day
white hair is done it's so cool it feels
so amazing I got like a mix of pink
purple blue and silver for the Super
Bowl and now you guys Dolly's me back
you will your along with me on this
journey of the day so if you're new here
I am Joe to see what made you guys
follow me on Instagram it's just you and
there it is
this is bubbles you are in morning
not Lauren this is Jojo CEO of like the
best YouTube channel ever I mean like
come on you guys your zero dinners like
I was literally just saying I see what
it is you guys y'all I see what it is so
welcome to the family you guys let's see
what it weighs someone who's strong come
to Papa believes in something and all
the great amazing things of the world
how I just cracked my neck realizes that
really are but anyways you guys what I
easy box because this blog is only
getting more fun so let's go hey you
guys it is time for a quick little
chances are Lauren before I get into
this chat session let me explain that it
is a 2 to 16 p.m. yes no I am its choose
exceed a.m. so I'm a little you know
what's it called sleepy that would be
because I am sleepy oh I did go to bed
and I have a lot I got tonight so I need
to get going but I don't want to talk to
you guys for a minute and let you know
um as you can tell by the title
thumbnail of this video I'm a very hard
day something around the lives of that
what I met was a very hard day is
Footwear first of all let me explain I
know I was dramatic I'm sorry I love you
guys still no do is I know I click
vintage you I'm sorry I love yourself
and I would three is like come on you
guys it kind of actually was a hard day
it's not totally entirely clickbait but
something definitely was because you
know I was probably no longer that's
actually prior something that I did i'll
but wondering that by a very hard day is
that it was a hard day because it was
weird because i was on set all day so I
couldn't really vlog at all today but it
sounded good blog today is my brother
can you guys just tell her my energy is
just so down right now I'm just like I
really
brother Jayden brother JD brother
brother brother brother brother Jayden
I'm gonna throw it to Jane he's
eventually gonna throw it back to me
that I've gotta add you right here at a
couple seconds with check it out now I'm
throwing it to Jaden's vlog ok so you
may or may not have taken another
spontaneous trip to Palm Springs inside
to go golfing again grandpa but we came
back cuz we're going to the Superbowl in
a few days and we needed someone to
watch our dog so we decided to take an
hour I'm on my own
today my camera ran over to the putting
green right now so we gonna practice on
that chipping we got some easy work in
before we go out you know
Griffen Griffen on the course okay so we
just got done putting it I did really
good just write it again you know what
make constant never-ending improvement
you did good
that's all it matters an improvement and
we had a ton of fun doing it Daly's
right back here where I'm actually gonna
be after him for the night love it so
much thanks for watching their beat out
by
