Jojo doll where's Jojo Marco Marco
get out of here hold on give me one
second I am so delighted and so Jordan
here they daily boho conversation let's
find out what's going on with Bobo oh
thank yesterday's are you feeling better
today yeah Mama's never said although I
kind of am losing my voice right now
which is not good because I have a huge
shoot tomorrow recording my new song
right now and also too I'm doing a big
performance with the NFL like a weaker
than that I'm doing good I need to know
what was your favorite part of today
fan mail Bobo what did you do for the
Vietnam it's all us our doesn't feel
well okay whatever you make it was no
hardware you're still over it do you
think we should roll the clip of what's
going on with the fan mail okay
Sharapova you gonna roll the clip with
it make sure that you doze it back to me
okay you got this Bobo I believe in you
we are working on some fan mail
a little worker bees are you
hard feeling envelopes you know all the
best of em so basically how we do this
is like we have this little no and then
we also have a sign picture and then we
have like an assembly line and all the
things that we have to go through is
really have to sign the pictures we have
to stamp the envelopes we have to
address the envelopes we have to do the
other kind of stamp on the envelope we
have to seal the envelope we have to
study every level there's so much that
goes into it
we do open the fan mail truth very true
there's a lot of things that we do for
this family I don't once you get your
fan mail makes you buzz bitch and tag me
on instagram but it's just you and to
use the hashtag JoJo's fan mail and if
you know you can tag her no oh wait
there's one I do really really it okay
it's gone it's gone it's gone
hey mom you wanna pop tag yeah okay
you're a pop all right okay check
everyone nowadays go but makes you tag
us all in your pictures because we all
work so hard together on this family
guys but now we got to go get back to it
but before we do the howling I want to
show you guys something
look it everything responded you mean
literally we responded to over 4000 boy
crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy when
they serve your job much much much we
recite over 4,000 things like that is
just crazy Bobo how do you feel about
that that is pretty cool huh that is
infra Jojo this time line I've got me
thrown aback since your draw the future
so peace out back to you Joe Joe shake
it out I got a new hat because I'm in
the jojomo German every time I mean yeah
so new Jojo it should take like
literally every single time I like new
things Thank You woo you are going to
come along with the rest of my night
join you guys if you are new here I am
Joe Joe see what this is my daily vlog
channel and the best life ever like
literally this whole room is filled with
my merchandise yeah I think so I don't
dance leap ahead
get back up
exactly I'm shaking come with me and
you'll see a world of pure imagination
because that is literally what I live in
literally imagination world and let's go
continue along on this vlog journey you
guys welcome to it and let's get going
we're gonna have a YouTube video
ceremony tonight as a family we're gonna
literally watch like technically I guess
it would be a marathon not a ceremony
I'm gonna have a youtube marathon if we
can watch our YouTube videos that I
loved it I feel like you guys know this
already but whatever
you guys already know this but whenever
someone goes our house they always need
to go shopping in the greatest showmen
now we're gonna go watch some Jojo
videos we already watched some vlogs
Jesus videographer no you are not
getting a bob tag no you hired me out of
Pop Jackson no you you up here walking
time no dude fine okay whatever but we
are continuing on his going look at this
look at these two oh it's so much riding
on I love what are you doing what what
what oh that thing yeah
oh I mean why not I would think it's one
of the 35 limited-edition Jonas you up
Kids Choice ones L mean why not why
wouldn't I be able to did you say 35
yeah
it's the doll that's not being sold
anywhere you know about this right mom I
mean you don't
oh well I'll tell you about it special
hashtag fake I mean this doll is not
fake but me and my mom's bit that we
just did totally totally favorite booth
know about that today but I was like
good intro to tell you guys about that
thing so haha that was like created for
the day we're having a skate I should
run a Grammy for that no just kidding I
should put a Grammy for boomerang god
that's good
that's great that is what you say yeah a
gust is marvelous tell them go tell them
girl I'm a realist should be winning a
Grammy for boomer I should have beaten
but I I read I should be but this don't
you guys this isn't one of the only
action of one of the only 35 limited
edition dolls that's the company who
makes the dogs the company name is just
put it somewhere on here right it's
right there they make these dolls and
you guys you wanted to have fun back let
me put this doll up where it goes again
so then no one touches it and nothing
after because if it did I'd be really
sad because those are oh yeah
oh yeah so yeah so uh five bags about
the Jojo doll you guys this is the
original German all the 16 inch
boomerang singing Geodude all so Dan
Jones actually the number one 16 inch
singing doll in Walmart Toys R Us this
one I think it target like so great you
guys the dogs have done so successful
even the Milan side you guys it's number
one my life dollars but another really
well fun fact is the boomerang dog right
here you guys are not even ready for
this this jaw is a toy of the Year
finalist and it is up for doll of the
yeah where does I get replay on that
this doll is a toy of the Year finalist
and it is up for doll of the yes I know
right doll of the year that is just so
crazy it's just like unbelievable I
don't really know how it works but I
know that it's official on the toy
drives website and I know that they told
us that it's official because you know
it's official it's like the big comedy
who does that I personally do not really
understand it that well from what I do
understand from it is I will find out if
I when I think sometime in February so
I'll let you guys know about that but I
mean come on see what that is not the
best obviously we got a winner please
you could win we could not win but
either way it's just such an honor to be
nominated and it's just so cool so I
don't believe that this is something
that you guys can actually vote on I
know I need your guy's help but I can't
but this is something that like a team
committee officials votes on and it's
like one of the dolls as the winner and
we'll find that out in February y'all
the Kids Choice Awards singing doll this
is actually the doll that like just play
kind of gave to us as like a
congratulation so they gave this to me a
lot of the people at Nickelodeon alike
my stylist who designed this outfit I
think might be giving one to my hair
makeup my artist who did my hair and
makeup for this they gave one to me they
gave one to my mom and etc look at new
judges all that you cannot get anywhere
that's cool no no no no I have a little
bit of good news for you a little bit of
bad news for you let's start with the
bad news so that we can't end with the
good news obviously bad news is this
doll is not available and nor will ever
be available unless one of the people
who get these cells like you day I mean
like why would they do that like this is
like a one of a kind of you cannot saw
was on ebay like come on
but if one of them do you could buy like
bit on it and get it but that would
probably be a lot of money and this does
not worry that's turned out somebody
goodness you've got are you ready for oh
please
a really long drum roll
don't go in
don't go away
like drum oh my arms are shining tosses
you like I got a burn on my fingers I
got a break okay you guys so there's
this website it's called just like my
like just played something calm I don't
know that was on the just like websites
of people who actually make the dogs and
I was just like looking up Joe Terzi oh
they're ready for a butcher's seatbelts
on there's Joe Joe doll that's coming
down you guys so barely again there is a
kid in a candy store doll coming out
what does that is so cool
a little fun fact me you guys I just
like solid online and I was like no way
I'd heard about this but I haven't ever
like really realized it on video here is
actually a picture of what that dog
looks like I'm so excited I think once
we get that doll and mom we should do a
giveaway with it should we give away
with that that's a good idea you guys
want me to do a giveaway with it if you
want me to do a giveaway everything you
got subscribe right now because even it
would be alright you guys guess what
time it is you guys hoo boy
guy just won in a way not grabbing it up
with the blog but wrapping it up with
this section of the vlog because I'm
throwing it to jaded section of the vlog
I don't know if you guys know this or
not but my brother Jim 0 he's a blogger
oh no my brother JD is a blogger
apparently I have no clue what he did
like usually I kind of like babysit his
footage and I'm kind of with him all the
time and kind of like watching him do it
but I'm like hey you could make me do
this again and like say that I'd like
just trying to give him some advice but
today I really wasn't with him at all so
I have no clue what a film so I'm just
gonna kind of let you guys see this and
I don't know what you're gonna see but
you're gonna see it and I'm sure you did
amazing because hey check out Jaden's
road for the true oh no just getting
back the Bowser I check it out chef he's
making some guacamole Jake got a job got
a job first Jo be a Chevy
okay so Jojo missed out on the Walmart
trip and they have all the joy of your
brush they think we're gonna buy them
all four right wants to Walmart the
third time today this is not fun where's
my family
Bart go car has apple carplay which I
mean is unreal go follow me at Jaden C
well comment on my Instagram what you
thought of my vlog today that's a wrap
on me per day so I don't throw my voice
back to Joe Joe Pardy present that
especially wrap up on the day love y'all
so much thanks for coming along with me
on this vlogging journey lol our channel
see you tomorrow please buddy
all right
