good day guys good you know I am just
honestly be so delighted and glad to
hear that because you know it just makes
me so happy to know that you guys are
doing good so if you're not doing good
wait fooled that's a lie because you are
doing good but if you are not doing good
you guys be good put a smile on your
face and beat happy because that's what
life is all about am i right
well even though not responded to me yes
I am right down there today was such a
fun day so I'm going to tell you what
happened today then I'm gonna let you
watch her holiday then I'm gonna show
you guys watch Jayden to today then I'm
gonna show you guys what actually like
what bonus you're basically right now
like in like my minutes but I'm gonna
play like I was wearing away there and
then I'm gonna bring you back here don't
get a counter for the next you guys let
me tell you what happened today because
I'll walk of a deck we got stuck on a
roller coaster today literally literally
before today it was the first what can I
say guys I wanna get some up George
perfume on before I do this I make sure
I smell good for you guys I sleep with
all my toys I put my perfume on let me
tell ya we went to a very non weighted
theme park shut up I love you guys we
went to a really fun theme bike and I've
logged I made a montage and it was
pretty epic also do i vlog on this go
for the whole day today so I have no
clue at the audio is like and I awesome
to have no clue what the visual is like
but it's hard to like get your big
camera into theme park but I was like
you know what I'm just gonna thank me
I'm not gonna lie kind of forgot where I
was at this so but anyways you guys we
are about to go on the monopoly of rail
I am so excited
I've never been on the monopoly around
this is gonna be so cool like a rag that
I've never been on it Disneyland the
monopoly over al this is cool you guys
excited
see notice and respond me until I saw
that I was filming so there's a guy I
just got off the monopoly rail and now
that we are entering this awesome non
where deceive are you guys and we are
about to cue the epic montage
and we have these children's figures
minimum 20 I bought Sophie's were taking
off forwards you're like a lot of nobody
keep some for them to get somewhere I
got someone to prove three on Jade like
look at it look at DCU back there she's
got me Jojo series here just kinda has a
joke but not see 180s we're coming up to
me we're just kinda you know giving them
one kind of a way they don't really know
that's going on so video is to our
family as a joke but I was like you know
what we have included a doesn't this
done you guys are gonna get a season
over the hot yeah let's take picture
together wave you show them your dress
it looks so good
still that one would get different Jojo
sticker offers is that I'm Georgia
league pitcher of course and yeah of
course
right now oh yeah I'm nervous I gotta
ride before Dinah's joselow but it's
fine it doesn't matter we're literally
stuck this is the weirdest thing ever
throw in a minute we'll be stuck in
there yeah
that's crazy I can't believe we got
stuck on this ride up we're gonna sit
here and what time is it 807 I'll let
you know what damage it move it already
when we're stuck on this ride right now
but hey we are in cars Oh
street lights
if you want to make the change
I've been married long time come from
where did you go where did you come from
nacho who lives in a pineapple on it is
show you guys I've we've been sitting
here girlie for about ten inches because
the cameras been rolling for eight about
two minutes before that so we'll let you
guys know and remember oh wow okay yeah
I'll update you soon literally we've
been sitting here for so long you guys
we are stuck all this ride right now
Marianne Faithfull Gladys oh my gosh
we've literally been sitting here for so
long I actually can't believe we got
stuck on a ride this is insane I've
never I've never been stuck on a ride
before I don't wanna run of Oz has been
moving but we're still stuck here
a super duper ooper fun day but I just
want to tell you guys something always
remember who lives in a pineapple under
the sea absorbent and yellow I parties
every day eyes out with my true colors
my family wanted to go there honestly we
took him there because they wanted to go
there but it was still a fun time but
you know I always wear my heart on my
sleeve Nickelodeon you are right there
if I were ever to get a temporary tattoo
like one of those ones that you put on
with water I would get a job oh that
aren't getting it gloating right under
it because now that's just kinda how
they come they know it's coming along
Nickelodeon logo no but I actually I
would get the Nickelodeon logo on me so
many often make a living is watching
this I love you guys so much and if
anyone who is not from Nickelodeon is
watching as much Louisa crowd is ready
this Friday at 7:30 p.m. Eastern at 7:30
p.m. Pacific today so now back to the
vlog what happened next
oh I know I don't know what happened
next day because actually that before
it's happening right now but in general
you're gonna be doing that
Wow I have jab so many times in this
video but now it is time for you guys
you check have a brother's vlog footage
today my brother Jane see where he was
now a vlogger so check it out Joe just
driving us crazy out here how many
pictures do you think you've taken to
that thank you
59 let's see there are 59 that's a lot
of pictures what did you know the totals
gonna be why be scared
I like this right though I'm done throw
it back to Joe Joe
yeah well that was Jaden's fog for the
night um you guys I'm so sad I wasn't at
but we'll come say goodnight to you all
but she's sick like I was in one room
today and I saw like too few spots and I
like didn't know who it was like don't
you suppose then I came out here and
there was another one and they're so
small that third clearly buzz and it's
so sad my little bit of course I
honestly I think she just ate something
she's just getting it out tonight
because I mean she is enjoying a little
snack over there bubbles that's kind of
a long rap one day love y'all so much I
will have Bobo back in the vlog tomorrow
look at that even out there little
monsters and gown fit all set up and
then you know how to go get some dress
how to clean it up that's I watch it
he's out
so video and porous is he
