look at mo wasn't you okay boy again put
you down I got injured okay Bobo I don't
know what she is doing right now okay I
guess she's technically like a little
monster you know I am so delighted you
then you're no wine so delighted to hear
that's just because and you let me tell
you why because it is one of the things
I love a journey is even beyond
friendship but go for I or just go back
to the vase by this thing but come here
my new book things I love a philan
friendship book you guys right now David
aren't any was done with that book promo
let me bring you guys obviously today
what's going on for the day we had quite
a day you guys it was actually really
fun day so let's talk about it
once upon a time on a beautiful Sunday
day Jojo Seema recorded a new song Oh
check it out I guess we were in Oh
grazie or nacho yeah say hi they don't
care right now my we're writing some
more music right now these are the
people that I wrote you to candy summons
oh oh hey clearly don't really care over
there the most amazing sweetest people
ever right we're gonna go write some
more songs I'm gonna kick all of you
guys how currently and here's a
time-lapse of us recording writing all
doing all the amazing fun things
according her song children see what
came out that was so bad you guys you
know you love that fake this baby's real
hashtag big night I just can't I'm not
big at all but I was reading this and
this does say let's continue along with
this vlog I'm just kidding it does not
say does Jared icebergs know why in Los
Angeles do you have friends in the far
away idea how do you keep in touch
that isn't your factory tags to snapchat
we do all the fun little things also sue
aiya I write the mail we do send each
other presents though which is kind of
fun but anyway so well next today watch
it what did happen we've lied failing
gasket ball okay it was actually really
fun I would be tomorrow you guys check
it out
hey you guys welcome to my front yard
right now I convinced my whole family to
come out here we're gonna play some
basketball all together it is gonna be
pretty epic I think the numbers are
gonna do girls against boys or maybe
with like knockout or a pig or horse I
know is gonna be fun the ball will
definitely the feeling basketball so
just my eye my fake out to make you guys
think that I'm a really bad at this but
no I'm just kidding they're all getting
ready coming down right now who do we
got over there's beds day a day that
does good days
we got kaykai's over there way kisi ko
maybe there's gay night you see her
here you go to basketball very you are
let's see it awesome you won't see me
I'm kind of I don't know if she's
well there's too much from where the
family could now we're responding to
some fan mail which is so good with all
these people heart out
okay hello yes I stepped away for a
minute though to let you guys know
what's happening right now it update you
really quickly on just kind of what's
going on because I haven't really seen
you guys that much of this are happening
right now is there stuffing the
envelopes I just got done signing all
the pictures but we sign the picture we
send you guys a little note packets so
cool look at this that's the picture
there's the no there's the mom there's
the end there's oh dad in the kitchen
brothers right there it is just a party
over here
exactly so much fun Oh what do you think
of this all I agree with that she didn't
respond to me she gave me Craig gets we
will ignore but you guys you really get
to see her in her cute little monsters
in Calvin brothers thank you oh my gosh
it's so cute right
sorry Mitch we don't literally got over
4,000 think these are all things I'm
gonna be opening on camera probably
tonight or tomorrow which I'm super
excited but look at this so many and
boxes filled with responses this is so
far I love her spotty to family like
ours are the clothes they ever go would
you like anything yeah well that was a
yes mama done love getting family it's
honestly so funny like some people have
actually set Danielle to Bobo have you
guys okay maybe maybe you guys can send
my mom family you can do my brother Bhim
or you're not my brother you're my dad
you guys cuz they're my dad me and my
brother family you can send can de
famara I think that next time you guys
are gonna get fan mail
I honestly bet they will but I'm
actually I have seen some people get
afraid to Bobo on the fan mail it's like
my dog gets me um you know what one hour
later
Bobo's you look so cute you're all ready
for bed I liked you Bobo say hi to the
large K cage they hide keys
okay but I was tired right now she does
currently not want to say goodnight to
you guys anyways you guys my brother
Jaden see when he is a blogger it's
official okay so we're having a great
day today hope enjoys with our families
having a good day today I want to show
you guys what we want you to send it so
we can make it easier on us exactly I
just want to show you guys how to do it
so you get your responses back if you
guys want it to be like quickly to you
guys make sure your return address is on
the front and clearly able to be read if
you're from the outside of the United
States make sure you write it how we
should write it on our letters to send
back to you what else are we telling the
deal thank you I'm gonna be out drinking
for the night I love you this bogeys
popping out here I like so much answer
Roger this vlog but we're gonna say
goodbye hey you know pop Terry I don't
want to say goodnight but she's just
really really sleeping right now it's
nothing got my little y'all so much a
peace out baby it's so crazy crazy crazy
but they serve you with drama I won't
play it play it play it I just do what I
wanna
