of course we can take a picture together
hold on guys like I was saying good
night to every singles even if it is
nighttime out but we are at City Walk
starting to sound right kind of ending
this app right but really how we ended
up starting this day is we were all
helping out with replying to my fan mail
which is super fun but everyone's like
in their pajamas are so chill doesn't
fly anywhere and say walk with everyone
check this out but we're going to fly
right now
hi friends I know yes I promise you a
better vlog but hey my camera died so
looks like you're on my phone you're
going to see a movie right now but what
you see the greatest showmen for the
third time bathroom we ever I said
whoever is going to sit next to me I
feel bad for them because I'm gonna be
singing the whole time I'm literally so
excited so we're gonna go you guys
I don't I've never been so excited I
like I have so much done right now okay
I gotta be customers Oh
should we just get out of the movie I
cried three times oh yeah look I said I
was really came to Buffalo Wild Wings I
don't know if you were ever laughed at
but we want more here and she did the
plays andreasjahn
and it was looks like we're back again
today because we wanted to again for all
our family and all the gym because we
just don't cover forget our every breath
Lord is a really cool and we want to
show up all those trying to get it kind
of not kids we have we're gonna eat up
at Buffalo everyone's and then the
blazing wing challenges might avoid me
great I'm excited by YouTube blaze away
challengers oh it's gonna be great I'm
actually really excited that you're
going to change but war just coming
dryer blowing fighters do you like ghost
memories do you like ghost zappers
Lauren it's common are you guys ready
oh would I come from
yeah
Oh
I'm going back over my Lauren she's
hilarious to watch do this
she's just sitting here join me like in
the normal meal like I don't I don't get
it like why you're not human but you and
Haley and it looks bad it smells bad
Lauren is here with me we're in the Jojo
prodrome Lauren how's it going how's
good
no not Lauren anymore you're you're a
Leo orange
you're a we are in the cheese on a lien
Lauren isn't alien wait show me your
skin they do skin thick watches though
this is where I don't get it this is how
we'll know if it's official what's the
fair color green what okay liens on
green what okay okay how else could find
out if this is official do anyway if you
are an actual alien why are you here
what are you doing here believe me I see
one either you become an alien alien is
just kind of something that I came up
with that dinner and then it was like
kinda buddy of yours kind of is because
just really stretchy skin this matter
but that was my eyes like papers days
aha I got you I need you guys I don't
know if you know this but you know this
Jaden is a vlogger my brain Jaden my dog
he is a blogger I know rides weird
neither had a refined Jaden's laws
um I mean buh-buh-buh-buh-buh boy you
wanna throw it did you wanna throw it to
James Vox oh wait she has to be dad with
order to James logs
okay Momo go more throw the James logs
through Atari right now and I'm
literally here with the biggest child
would you know he's finally going down
the cart thing in it could you remember
the wire at Target
a lot of vision to get laundry basket
basket No so she's on a mission to get
laundry baskets to make copies of a note
into what was the third thing
oh I have the microphone for my camera
that's I haven't really logged in today
but you've already seen some of my blog
but yeah so that's our mission okay yeah
yeah I was explaining going on trial
this is the greatest show of go down the
elevator
don't wait don't wait don't but not I've
got a real camera anymore right
scary scary I'm gonna get out of this
thing in a second yeah okay we're gonna
get me out of here and she is the
biggest child of the bondage would you
agree oh yeah you have a Jojo poet
what's your name
Mia that's a pretty cool name you guys
were stuck at my house how cool is that
we live a block away - shoot she started
going crazy she was like that away and
she saw the boat like what she's a huge
fan thank you yours anything to my blog
yeah yeah of course
I love you guys no you're it's like what
I get me - it's so cool is Nick that's
awesome but it's like actually ever Oh
Joe where we going I know what do you
don't know my name jack but we're for
real where we going I know a name Jeff
Gordon to see you like I can't get it on
the camera but what do we do it off you
know believe I can find
all righty guys without actually wrap up
on a night I love you so much thank you
for coming along with me on this journey
overnight honestly my hair is all right
now I just sit down and brush it all out
after I've like it's like so tangled but
it's okay because all that I need to do
is brush it so anyways you guys doesn't
fund a living us so much thanks for
watching subscribing and being us see
you later guys alone y'all so much and
be cell by Z tomorrow
