well if you can't tell already I am
having technical difficulties so
apparently my microphone wasn't working
pretty much for the rest of this vlog so
that's why I am here right now I'm gonna
be narrating this for you I'm gonna be
telling you kind of what's going on not
exactly the words that are coming out of
my mouth but just pretty much what's
going on so then you know what's
happening um currently we were at LAX we
were going there to pick up my mom's
aunt and uncle so basically my aunt and
uncle we love them so much you guys
you've met them before I don't know if
you remember though they did the what's
in the box challenge with us it was
really fun I'm probably right now
explaining something about why we're not
flying out LAX tonight I don't know
awesome job you hear random voices in
the background it's because all my
family is in town like my mom's aunt and
uncle they're here now um anyways we are
at LAX currently right now I'm literally
watching this video as you're watching
this video and just kind of explaining
it to you oh they're here they're here
okay that's cool oh yeah we saw them
that's them we went over we said hi I
got really excited because we love them
so much you're literally like fit like
immediate family to us even though
they're technically not but they
basically are all we're in an out booger
that's literally where we take every
single person when they land we bring
them to N Out Burger because it's such a
like a California classic what is my dog
doing right now not only the camera but
my dog is doing something I don't know
what he's doing okay anyways back to the
vlog I'm ketchup me and my brothers
handshake that's pretty cool my dad
awkwardly walking in the back you know
sounds good a little trash on the floor
or awkward handshake you know dab dab in
free spring Jing and freeze-frame Jing
that's my brother's handshake if you
didn't know um this is out joy it was
fun okay what's going on now Oh peppers
when Lauren couldif everything and I was
kay ordered the small drink but then my
dad took this back to this no audio okay
though in the Jojo merchant right now
they're shopping they got some shoes
they got some hoodies got some pillows
because some blankets got some
toothbrushes oh and there's buh buh buh
buh really wanted me to pick her up um
she was in a mood she wanted me to pick
her up and play with her um but we were
just shopping okay apparently I ended up
picking her up she is the cutest thing
ever how could I say no to that little
face I mean just look at her she's like
you mean mmm sure that's what I was
saying um explaining that Bobo's
favorite toy is her own plush she loved
her plush so much she literally
literally loves that thing Oh Kylie got
jealous or Kindle I don't know no well
wait okay so I went to the hardware
store today a vertebrae each other we
all leaf blower we got some toilet paper
or your tea beer I mean yeah let me get
in the kitchen first on others likes
they graduate now my brother made these
twelve guns the Frankie and there's the
audio again yeah I don't know what's
going on with my microphone I bought a
new one today but it's okay well that
being better vlogs tomorrow um but we
got the toilet paper like I don't know
what you would call this a toilet paper
TP machine I don't know um but we got
those things Oh Oh back to jelly
12 seconds later tuna will baby
and no audio again I think I don't know
what I was explaining here to be real
honest I'm just gonna guess I was
probably saying damn confetti yeah
