you guys I just am whispering right now
because I forgot to narrate the day yeah
it's 1:30 night right now and all my
family is sleeping so sheesh but anyways
you guys I have to navigate and I cannot
let it all go to waste
whatever you guys are new year hi I'm
Joe to see you at this I live in welcome
to my daily vlogs my place so subscribe
let me get straight into narrating why
happened today for you guys
first thing that happened today was I
had a thing it was so cool because I got
to go and see all my almost outfits like
begin to kiss I really know it's a part
of here though we actually finished up a
fitting but I was like I got to show you
guys this area because it is so cool
yeah first of all let me introduce you
to the people here hi hi how's it going
hi I know you don't know this right now
but um there would be some really cool
Albert that yeah so this is where
basically like all of my old important
outfits are so there are some really
cool things I'm just gonna be back here
domos doesn't do this or not but I'm
doing it look at all the cool outfits
out with it okay so in the candy store
um check that one out that is a little
joke to you know change you for the
whole pajama t-shirt these are the shoes
from all the drama that's another whole
drama outfit I believe this is amazing
Thanksgiving Day Parade outfit there's
literally so many cool outfits back your
mind it's just so cool and it's like all
memories which is I love coming here oh
but wait you thought that was it oh no
no no no there's more out yeah well I'll
take you out there you guys miss the
jean jacket from jodas you tomorrow
look at how iconic is this thing it's
pretty iconic isn't it I dare all my old
outfit you try a very like first Halo
Wars outfit
you literally have everything here which
is so cool literally so many cool
amazing things and wait wait wait can't
tell you anything but that was a sneak
peek at some of my upcoming Albert oh
yeah baby so get ready for babies no I'm
throwing it back to you future Jojo
because I am done here and I'm leaving
and I am probably gonna go get some food
right now so back to you view to Joe
James after that can we which drink a
lot because my mom is building like this
calendar in order to get stuff for her
calendar I would automation for Joe Joe
much I know it's funny I think check it
out well we are currently at Hobby Lobby
right now my mom was to get a big silver
ass I don't know what she wants E&S but
he's currently designing a calendar on
our wall and Josie got a big summer ass
so we are looking for a giant summer I
was always like that what you want you
adapt different music cuz we're just not
the friends like they come to me at the
most awkward time and it's just not
helpful I didn't tell you what that'd be
cool
oh we have looked for so many asses at
this door and of this is on our hands
look like now she found a few things
that she likes oh hey we're gonna get a
baby because there's not a problem with
that I kind of even having a random
feeling that they might have some Jojo
more check how do I go look what else
did you want to say my mom I don't know
do they cool I'm so confused
wait Jojo watch me I don't like five
minutes I got it go quick you guys
having hiccups is just so frustrated
like why do they have to be here at this
time alright so I know we make Jojo
stickers we think they have those hmm
hmm anything anything anything anything
how is their Easter stuff out already
literally look at this it is like an
Easter we don't want girl oh my gosh I
still think I'm so sad oh this stuff is
so oh I honestly I want to be like 4
years old again this is someone I love
you sir please the children Valentine's
here wait for it wait for it wait boy
they don't have the Jojo Valentine's but
they do have candy here do I want to get
anything I'm giving out all the candy
poo what's that that's cute why I don't
get too distracted than a sir hiding
friends I'm gonna go meet up with my mom
right now so I'm gonna do it back to you
you too Jojo and I just drooled on
myself okay okay that's the last thing
that is happening before I am done you
narrated a Oscar I'm gonna explain this
in a couple of minutes so stay tuned for
that but of the fun buckle your seat
belts because it's going very quickly I
did be a hundred layer of Jojo merged
challenge yes
I did that so buy from this Jojo you're
gonna see Jojo the passenger more of the
best but this is fairly that tight so
I'm sorry that I would like this but I
was like a half the day today so I got
no you don't care about this keep going
with the film I'm literally about to do
the 100 layers of Jojo it's challenge I
know I know this does add rend that was
like two years ago but hey it's okay I'm
bringing it back why not
almost are you excited for my the L K
she's gonna I won't poison vlogs but
this actually a really fancy video for
me I'm having three cameras set up like
massive first look at I got a GoPro
right there I'm gonna have a normal
tripod right there and I'm gonna have an
other camera over there I mean this is
just under that zap but it's gonna be
really fun in this video give me out of
my main channel to date on my butt I've
ever done so make sure you check it out
on my main channel right now you guys
I'll put the link down in the
description
I can't even with this Lord it's just
everybody to go take yourself because
it's really hot I feel like I might made
my arms like fall I know a lot of things
are going through my head right now so I
gotta go take this all off I might jump
in an ice cold shower because I am
literally so all right now okay I'm
gonna go do this now literally literally
sweaty right now my face is brightman
this is not awkward lighting right now
like my face is this colorful my gosh
finish your lair challenge it was a bit
of a hot mess you guys but anyways what
is this thing on my face I'm just
starting this today I have no clue what
it is honest I'm gonna take all the
makeup off I already clearly messed with
my hair but I would take all my think
above it I wouldn't know what this thing
is if I need to pop it cuz I love
watching pimple popping videos and so
that's what this is this gonna be really
far but I just like what is on my face
right now what is on my face I'm gonna
explore what's on my face with you guys
so let's go explore what was wrong with
it there is two of them and there's
something very similar right there on my
knee and so I think it could be the same
thing I don't know how I get so mad and
things are on my face go anyway anywhere
not my face like this is what happens
every day so know these things but let's
write out what they are together I was
like wait why I'm doing this I'm
watching out my face online you guys
should watch my brother's vlog for the
day so I am thrown into UJ night
honestly I have no clue of my brother
stickers on the wall my shirts like
child videos
what is she doing yeah is crazy all the
time you need to test the volume she's
truly crazy all the time you know to get
bottom up straight
by Jojo today we want chosen from
hundreds of shirts you guys want me to
be in the blog or comment down below
tell Jojo let me be in it more but for
real if you don't follow me on instagram
go follow me on Jayden Cielo that's a
wrap on me for today so I'm gonna throw
it back to Jojo and whatever she's doing
today anyways back to what is on my face
umm what yeah what is on my face and you
can't tell my face is all washed up I
put moisturizer on it everything is all
good but I honestly okay here's the
thing
I have very knock on wood good skin
until like one thing once a month comes
and shows up whether it's a pitbull
whether it's a scar like I'm totally
down like to admit like that like right
there is Delhi today's pimple also tries
over hiccups right now on our last like
6 hours look like there's a teenage
pimple obviously like that's that's
right I'm totally fine with it now like
a nothing everyone get some this right
here that's a little scar we need to
point that out though but it these two
things right here that I'm so confused
about I do not understand what they are
don't like these bug bites almost so I
think I got to bug bites on my face
which is like really concerning cuz
those take a really long time did I go
away I've been trying to pop them but
they hurt like if I go like this like it
hurts like like roll the clip of my
thumbnails and I see her
like it was hard like going like that
hurt these like and putting like
pressure on them almost yesterday though
it felt like a big bump like you know
how like if you go like over like a
blister with your figure out how it's
like a bomb like that's kind of what it
felt like and so I like popped it we're
not popping it would not pop sound like
trying to pump everything finally I was
like okay the last pop it's gotta hurt
stuff has to come out of it hey
literally for the life of me was it and
that looks like I'm straight out of a
horror movie
but I was like boom and eventually out
of nowhere huh literally with like ever
it was like one of those viral like
people popping videos honestly I do not
think as a pimple but that's not a
lipstick it was like bruised squid I was
like where did you come from
I do not mind you today I had a fitting
but a lot of things for Nickelodeon so I
had to take them a whole bunch of
pictures in my office pause did you blog
no they cost you had it them a video for
my main channel obviously it's the
clothes challenge but I think that
videos in do Billy and I was like why do
you have to be on my face right now why
but it's okay because you know it
happens to everyone and so it's just
like another thing to prove like that I
am human I'm not perfect yeah have
bright rosy cheeks I have two random
things on my forehead I got the hiccups
I got a pimple on my nose I got a scar
on my chin like I'm human so that is
going to be today's a lesson for the day
honestly you guys everyone is you yeah
oh god everyone is human and that's okay
to embrace your difference she is just
she is that English embrace your
differences I believe is the correct
English hi dad Pippo you wanna how trill
vlog okay we'll take it over but we got
to him to subscribe in these units
because even ater says that they're
awesome the strong they're covered it
they're powerful they believe in
themselves I believe in everyone I love
everyone they just love themselves with
all the great amazing things in the
world yes you guys okay but will you be
duty how do you guys all of you always
go after the bad guys
