what cameras do you use or how do you
edit your videos and I'm gonna talk you
guys about this is my channel and
welcome to the family you are now steam
inator so welcome it is the best day
ever and there's a dollar world man's
ear and because if you are as you inator
you are drunk comments actually believe
in yourself you believe in everybody
love you believe life is an upside down
women at all the great amazing things in
the world okay I need be children of
your life that could have ended very
very badly I am thinking some box to
soup um put pretty easy make today is a
day and when I said your dummies like
actually like not that big for me but
it's really better for me to do it away
and not because Grey's Anatomy is back
up high no it is a very very good
interesting TV show it's personally my
favorite eavesdrop there have literally
wearing great now to merge right now
like I traded out my Jojo words today
for Grey's Anatomy merch it's been off
the air for probably since like December
or November because they did a winter
break and oh wow how hard that was on my
heart of my brains are so much drama is
gonna run in tonight's episode
all you're gonna cry Buchan something's
happening to one of my favorite
characters nuts I just know that off the
probic oh boy city great episode but
right now when I gotta worry about my
soup Jonah you want to see it's very
interesting what's happening right now
look at that Wow how cool is that
sure you get a little a little stirring
okay okay looking good this is currently
my view in the kitchen hi hello where's
your other sister at there's Coco
where's Lulu Bobo's oh that's cool but
what's fine that you don't know Coco do
you know oh oh yeah I knew that
good at reading cocoa so I'm gonna tell
you what cocoa saying okay coquimbo or
they third they're having a moment we're
gonna let them have that moment say
hello hi
you both are such good hey you do you do
doggy might break it up break it up what
what just happened oh my god
replay on that hey you two what just
happened what just happened you two what
it was all funny James what is going on
right now that literally came out of
nowhere
Oh scary um okay you two let's let's not
do that again it's a little girl fight
all sisters it happens you're go look at
my water's boiling okay Kate box noodles
time to go and don't put that and you
gotta undo that and then you gotta put
the things inside there but you do no
more fighting okay wow it's really scary
look at that delicious creation I am so
accomplished so that what is with my
pink lighting right now I mean I kind of
like it but I'm like this for like an
hour straight just watching Grey's
Anatomy and wow wow that was honestly
such a good episode I mean the writers
and everything in producers are just so
so so amazing about onion blah brought
about this but it was just such a good
episode well but did you like the
episode would you give me a kiss that's
a yes so cam kiss okay she actually
didn't love the show though she stabbed
right on my lap the whole time you I
love this dog oh but now you guys we are
going to get along with our day night
we're gonna get along with our night
let's go guys please get a cheeseburger
and could I go to order a chest fries
well in and out currently orderings of
jezz burgers I don't know what I was
trying
I failed goodbye I died we're just not
gonna talk about it anymore hey give me
a break but I'm gonna get some
cheeseburgers life is going to be great
and we're all gonna move on and live our
happy little baby friends and you guys
you guys already know that when you were
in this specific area at this angle that
is gonna be a great time we're gonna
have a long talk so buckle up your seat
belts and get ready baby so a lot of
people have been asking me recently like
what cameras do you use or how do you
edit your videos and just like fun stuff
like that how do I become a youtuber or
vlogger and just like fun stuff like
that sounds like you know what I want to
sit down and I'm gonna talk to you guys
about this I'm gonna tell you what I use
why I love YouTube all the fun things
like that we're just gonna have a great
quick little conversation about YouTube
and how amazing it is and why I love it
why I use it so much and also do why I'm
encouraging all my family to do YouTube
with me this video right here that you
guys are watching is actually kind of
intended for my dad and brother so they
have been asking me recently so many
questions about what they can do to
become a better vlogger if that makes
sense and I've been telling them like
you have to watch your footage you have
to watch my footage you have to watch my
edited footage you have to watch other
people's footage like you have to watch
and explore everyone's everything they
don't really get that yet and so I've
been telling them I was like just start
with my videos just don't my videos
ending big things they still get that so
that I told him tonight I was like you
guys you have to watch videos you have
to go do downstairs right now actually
literally watching videos but this is
kind of like a little quiz for them so
Jo Jane if you are watching this right
now I just want to say congratulations
you guys you're doing great you're doing
you okay so anyways now let's get
straight into it I want to talk to you
guys about cameras about editing and
about I love YouTube and why is just so
much fun so let me start off with you do
not need fancy things and you do not
need to pay for that many things because
you already really have some of them I
mean some some people do some people
don't but you can usually make it work
with what you have you can vlog on your
phone on your iPod on your iPad you can
vlog on literally whatever you have
available and handy and also do if you
have a computer or if you have an iPad
or if you have an iPhone if you have any
of those there is an editing software I
believe that is free and it's called
iMovie so iMovie is what I got started
on which is also - what a lot of other
creators start on usually because it's
just so easy to use and it's just so
fantastic you don't need the
$4 Final Cut Pro until you really really
feel the need and you congratulating
yourself with you know I've used iMovie
for 150 days like I'm ready for a little
step up once I accomplished my YouTube
goals I was like ah let's invest in this
let's get some cameras let's get some
audio let's get some like let's just you
know buy microphones let's do what we
got to do is buy friends and little
cameras and let's get that editing
programs that I want so I used that kind
of as like a congratulations to myself
and like a goal achieved let's buy some
cool things anyways those are the two
most easiest ways to get started on
YouTube is your phone your iPod your
iPad your computer even and iMovie of
course um but anyways once you get
really started into it it is nice to
have cameras I will fully admit so I'm
going to first go through what cameras I
have why I would recommend these why
would I recommend these for different
reasons um whatever is on my mind I'm
just gonna throw out to you guys so
without any further ado so I'm gonna
start with cameras and the first one
that I'm gonna show you is a canon g7x i
don't have a battery in this one because
it's one of my old ones as you can tell
oh it's oh this is uh bourbon I cracked
this one so the first camera that I want
to show you is a canon g7x mark - now
this is honestly the best vlogging
camera ever and the reason that being is
because you can literally see yourself
on it so it's really nice I'm talking to
being cautious of not looking up to the
screen I'm using one right now otherwise
it'll look like this when you're
vlogging and so that looks funny just be
careful of that if you get this camera
but if you do get this camera it is
honestly the best thing ever for a
blogger for a starting blogger I still
use this as a little it's literally what
I'm using right now so definitely
recommend this a canon g7x mark - but
then once you are ready for a little
fancier step up this would be my next
recommendation so this is the sony a 65
hundred ohm weight into this camera is
what I film all my main channel work on
so everything that you see on my main
channel is mainly honorable it's called
vlog iam but it's a canon g7x mark -
that's literally I feel every single
thing on this camera like I love it so
much my channel this is the main camera
that I use this is a Sony a 6500 I
honestly love this camera so much the
one thing is the screen does not flip
all the way up that makes it a little
bit more difficult for vlogging but it's
just such a good camera and it's like
really good for zooming I I love it so
much a big zoom thing though has to do
with the lens so this is like how far
this lens can zoom this up on this lens
can do
really the lensing is what has to do
with this zooming but now really the
thing that I'm gonna put compare this is
my a 7s mark 2 also by Sony as you can
tell these cameras are very very similar
but one is a lot heavier than the other
and that's not because of the lens
before I get into that let me explain
this little thingy this is actually a
microphone that just has a cover on it
so this is nothing too crazy it just
makes my audio a little better but
currently the reason why I've used a g7
axe all day today which is this little
guy is because my microphone is broken
yep don't worry don't worry guys like
Amazon - - it runs on the zooming
logically back any day now but they
definitely will be back there so get
ready for that now time to compare these
two cameras so ignore this little thing
cuz it does nothing I'm actually gonna
take it off because just so you can get
the better reference on the two cameras
okay so check this out here we got two
very very nice cameras I honestly I love
these bowls so much I would definitely
recommend both of these this is the a
6500 by Sony and this is the sony a7s
mugs you see what honestly genuinely
both amazing cameras one is a bit
smaller than the other this one's a bit
smaller this one is definitely way
lighter I would say this one's way
heavier the only like positive or
difference in this one that I have
noticed is this one has better night
time filming so that's a big thing but
honestly this one gets the job done -
just as well and I love them both so
much
no little comparison thing is this one
is cheaper but you know this is my life
this is my livelihood this is why I love
cameras so much because I use them every
single day so this is like treats me
when I buy these I don't just buy
cameras all the time I've been doing
YouTube for three years which is why I
have a lot of cameras these are my two
big cameras that I use this is my one
that I've literally used every single
day this is a 6500 but something that's
really cool about both of these cameras
is that all the lenses that I have for
each of these cameras works on both of
these cameras if that makes sense this
lens is a superzoom line so this can
zoom up like super-close like and this
one can I get up to like 75 I think so
that was way um that one's way zoom here
I guess is what I would be saying but
like this lens works for that one this
lens works for that one this one's I
broke but the Sun does room for that one
and then this little guy works sure
there's a little look do you wanna ask
you oh ya know about those sony 878
billion cameras now it's time to talk
about a GoPro okay so I have a lot to
say I'm positively about a girl I'm not
really much negative on a GoPro honestly
I am NOT negative on any cameras that
I've had like all my cameras I have
found some
now the one thing that I will say though
about a GoPro is that the audio on it
was let me say was a little muffled and
I'm not gonna live my vlogs having a
little muffled before because of my mic
is broken I didn't know that but I do
know that and I'm getting that fix right
now but the GoPro the audio is just a
little reverb that's literally what it
sounds like but I just recently got the
GoPro Hero 6 I believe the brand-new one
and it is amazing the audio on this
thing is flawless it is so cool it was a
little it was a little not even bad it
was just a little teeny bit off when it
was a little wet but if you are gonna be
getting a GoPro I would definitely
definitely definitely recommend getting
the hero 6 because it is so amazing I
love it so much it is the best GoPro
that I've ever had I've had the first
one I've had a four I've had a five and
now I have the six um but I would
definitely say the six the other ones I
just really use I've lost them all but
this one I'm definitely gonna be holding
on to you because it is just amazing
let's talk about editing you guys I have
only used two programs and my whole
youtube career and I'm gonna talk about
them both so these are two very similar
programs there is a movie and there is
Final Cut Pro a lot of people use
premiere I prefer I move your front okay
um the only difference really is the one
is free and what is expensive so Final
Cut Pro is kind of like a cool thing is
this is this coming from before do you
know did this how I feel about them I do
not know the exact technical difference
but this is really do do about them one
of them is like I'm using iMovie the
other one is like I'm using Final Cut
Pro like they just like it sounds a
little Club but trust me when I say this
you do not need sound girl you really
don't as long as it's getting the job
done like I still edit things on iMovie
I honestly do like it sometimes it's
just a little bit easier but Final Cut
Pro I would definitely recommend once
you're really into it but when you're
getting started iMovie all the way I
edited myself on iMovie for probably a
year and a half I love iMovie it is
great it is free it comes on your
computer it's awesome so I would
definitely recommend iMovie if you're
just getting started but then after that
I use Final Cut Pro so yeah there you go
so the last thing that I want to talk to
you guys about YouTube is the creativity
of it so the one thing that I love about
YouTube is how much freedom it gives you
you get you can do is literally what
ever you want on here and that's what I
think is just so cool about YouTube it's
like literally whatever you want is
you can you can vlog you can make fun
videos you can do gaming channels you
can do beauty channels you can do litter
like what I say cooking like any any
literally anything you ought to do and
so if you want to do YouTube just follow
your passion follow your dreams and if I
gonna give you any advice watch other
people's videos this is the one thing
that I've been telling my dad and
brother to do is you have to watch
everyone's contact all day every day
it's your life like literally when I am
doing anything like if I have a free
moment obviously get what you need to do
done don't take this as oh I'm gonna
skip out on my homework now because I
got to use your videos know someone I
don't know I'm talking about when you're
laying in bed instead of going on well
below I'll go on youtube and watch
videos or if you are just hanging out on
the couch and you have nothing do you
watch it you videos yeah do homework get
your homework done of course if you have
to do a school project do your school
project if you have to go to dance class
go to dance class if you have to do
whatever you have to do do it but I
would say in your free time I could give
you any advice is watching videos but
what's gonna happen from that is you are
gonna go Oh her Lighting's really good
my lighting is also good or her
background is really good my backgrounds
also good or oh my god whoo ladies with
my Lighting's good she's working I'm
working like this is great and also too
you're gonna learn what you like and
what you don't like you might like when
people say hi everyone or you might like
when people say hey everyone I
personally found hey everyone just fits
me better look at my main channel videos
I say hey everyone is George home
welcome back to you either my youtube
channel or George's and then all the
bunch and I say are you guys like so
everything has a hay in it and that's
like really my favorite like word I
guess is that I just I love hey it's
just fun it's like a my friends well
that is our YouTube channel for the
night um if I can give you really one
last piece of advice it is to just go
for it YouTube is one of those things
that you really cannot be taught like
you don't need to be taught it you can
just kind of go for and just jump right
in it's like it's like what's what's it
like I'm trying to think what's it like
it's not like anything it's really so
unique it's not like anything you can do
whatever you want you can say whatever
you want you can wear whatever you want
like you can just have so much fun and
get so creative with YouTube which is
what I love firstly so much about it so
if I could give anyone any advice and
they want to do something really cool is
YouTube honestly and my friend gave me
that advice and I took it and I ran with
it and look where I am today it's so
cool taupe I can't tell you guys
anything it
just go for it to not look backwards and
just do it obviously with your parents
permission if you're a little kiddo have
fun and just go for it and just rock it
and nail it and never look backwards and
you might fail but just get back up on
your feet you might jump you might slip
on some water but just get back up like
you're fine rub some dirt on it like
you're good I guess or no um if you guys
don't know this already my brother
mm-hmm in the water yeah yeah my
brother's a vlogger oh so you've logged
a little bit today I think they're big
golfing I think they were in poms raised
I don't know I honestly don't know what
they did I have to watch everybody Geoff
but oh you guys are gonna know before I
know so I guess check it out
we're in Palm Springs we're doing some
good golf today are you excited I'm
gonna be teaching them look at this
viewer thinking it is awesome out here
this is the best golf course I've been
to especially for my first one bit fun
we just got done with our first hole hey
Dad how do you think I did well an 8 is
a big snowman and we're not even in
Nebraska where all the snow is so I
don't know it was good here's the
high-five you didn't know we were here
with my grandparents why do you guys
think I did on my first hole well well
we're so proud of you we think you did
awesome game against omen but it's all
gonna melt now and goodbye hey drop him
there's his bowl there's my ball
his mom five over the water one
apparently my grandparents dog run with
their golf cart
their dog Molly is Bobo's cousin
Wow well after like that that's not some
fun footage Jaden all right he says well
I know this was typically not like a
normal blog but that's because I
literally did not do anything today so I
will see you guys around has a round one
and beat out by bees bye
