check out what I got you guys I got real
teleport to right up there you ready
that is how you transition baby yeah I
miss you Oh welcome to the family you
guys you are now a simulator if you
don't notice even interest in a somewhat
stronger who's confident was poeple who
believe themselves who believes and
everyone who loves everyone who's boys
everyone at all the great amazing things
in this whole world don't work I gotta
go fix it Wow I'm currently fixing this
dunk tank
let me now rate the day for you well I
think the dunk tank
what's going on today target see you
guys here is what all have happened so
far today we went to target difficult
but you always go to target literally on
a daily basis
so we're at target girlie and remember a
few days ago wouldn't the bow display
was like really fall and you don't rule
the clip look at this though they got
bows and never mow a few days after that
when it was a little bit more empty roll
the clip and it's boom super Nader's are
so awesome and then remember after that
when it was a little bit more empty roll
the clip oh well now look at it look at
like it's literally three bows of this
whole display oh my god bullseye what do
you think of that I know I know right
it's crazy they do literally out of jojo
pose which means the zebras are awesome
wow that was a that was a high five by
the way from me to you also to look at
all the shirts they have they got more
bows please and you they got this on
this culture is actually one of my
favorite shirts you guys just be your
own star I mean it's adorable I love
that shirt so much so if you guys go to
Target you see that sure makes you buy
there's a lot of jabbing also do we
found a bag that was over here a minute
ago but we bought the bag and my parents
took the bag down says go pay for a
while I was like a mass and size of go
and look at what we have here we got a
little hat that looks pretty fun some
gloves Turkey that's got lots of
children much but do they have the dance
skin collection let's go find out okay
okay dance married dancer a dancer my
dads were oh yeah come on get my dancer
it I just really want to go go start I
really want to find my dancing guys all
I want to do in 2018 I want to see my
dancer index no no I'm just kidding that
is not my official for 2018 although it
would be really cool to be able to find
that in target I would love to see that
now I'm going to go find my family catch
up with them and see what they're doing
I think about buying hangars let's go
find them as I'm running around Target
and they can't find them it's kind of
concerning Marco Marco Marco are they
there's junior Marco use the hangars
doesn't he said it would be um it's kind
of concerning I'm lost and target okay
look who decided to show up enjoy my
party I'm screaming Marco down here no
one was calling back polo got kind of
scared I was getting close to target is
lying no really yeah my god yes I have a
lot of will chill out I've never do loud
especially you're on Jersey vlogs never
ever ever do loud I guess we're wrapping
it up here at Target we're about to go
walk up to the front and pace on throw
it back to you Jojo who is at the house
currently in front of the dunk egg and
now that leads me back here you guys why
I'm talking to you and we are about to
fire on the ducting I am so excited I've
always wanted to get a dog decks away
I'm gonna transition all the way back up
there you're thanks so much
wow that transition is actually really
fun it really difficult at the same time
here is how this is gonna work we're all
gonna do this as a family meet my
brother my dad are all gonna hop in my
mom hi dad oh she's not gonna have it
wait wait
are you gonna hop in well no but I will
happily dunk somebody we are gonna have
one poison sitting up there in the dark
diagram in our numbers and ask them
questions if they get the question wrong
what they're saying that pressure makes
it go down so that's how our and our
gonna get drunk
freezing cold water is my favorite what
is the temperature in Omaha Nebraska
right now you don't even know that what
is mom's favorite food dye coke
what's your name
I've got guns in the dunk tank all right
you heard me from the backyard you have
my buck you're so cute
so cool is really out of my house behind
I'm really wet right now I just got
dunked in the dunk tank
I don't want to get this wrong way I
like your shirt
what's your name pretty cool I love that
name how old are you
you're six oh my gosh are you a seaman
ATAR you want to try to dunk me in the
dunk tank yeah you wanna throw the big
all over the little one you want just
anything you wanna say to my block
that's that's the best thing to say I
say hi every day
okay I'm ready are you ready one I'm
scared to see what just jumped me that
was sweet my best friend yeah
what is my favorite sushi roll all of
them hashtag name is hashtag yes Jojo
yah homework can be coming by the judges
here vlogs
what's to watch on my pot what was
yesterday's vlog caption message I've
ever visit singers although yesterday
and forever 21 I bought a new t-shirt
what TV show you guys that were done
with the dunk tank right now but the guy
is gonna go pick it up guys what is
going on I have all showered up I didn't
realize how cold the dunk tank was until
I actually took a hot shower and I was
Wow Moses actually a yummy that's our
first oh my I've done great yeah thanks
for asking Bobo where have you been
you've been like skipping out on the
vlogs oh yes well I know your friends
Coco and Lulu aka Kendall and Kylie are
here but but with me Bobo I'm sorry I
will let you out do it but I kind of
already did outro it but hey you could
like go it to the outro you wanna throw
into the ultra whoa-ho Ivo here you go
wow you guys welcome back to the job
thank you guys
