I want to know what your favorite thing
about living gobbling hi what's your
name nurse don't you have a Jojo Bowen
do don't you that's I don't got my five
yeah it was nice to meet you guys going
every single see we're Nader who's out
there this is our little baby well how's
it going today guys good blood here if
you can't hear it already
I am currently losing my voice I got a
lot of things coming up and I cannot
lose my voice at the mall life is great
and we were just rocking life and we're
just going if you guys are new here I am
gonna see well welcome to the family you
are now a c18 or self congratulations
they butchers he felt on because you're
gonna be a long until the end of this
vlog so welcome hey Jayden look at okay
wait wait okay let's go I worried you
guys I pull this play back here wow
that's actually pretty well put they
have tons of things it's actually pretty
epic mom what are we having to get here
we have to get these lollipop bows for
your dance studio because we're wearing
them when they need to more you're
wearing them for their dance that's so
cool and guess what they have a
children's skirt down here oh wait the
earmuffs are covering it why are there
earmuffs in California it's not even
cold here okay whenever they have the
skirt I've never seen this car I've
already done a promo with the skirt
pretty difficult Wow let's get it oh my
gosh a get out Jane in his favorite
store reppin submerge he's got the Bobo
face look at that cutie pie
mom's being Clara lamb who loves I love
him very secure gets so frustrated about
it for all I'm saying right now and then
we're gonna go on and we're gonna move
on with our day and we're gonna get them
some clothes maybe some shoes are gonna
get me maybe some clothes maybe some
shoes or maybe you heard them clothes
maybe some shoes I don't know what's
gonna happen because it hasn't happened
yet won't let you know what it does
happen
even baby vlogger over there look it up
baby bloggers hope you guys know those
are number my phone actually cracked and
ever since I cracked it it's kind of
been like really glitchy and it's just
been confusing I need to get it fixed
and there's an Apple probe right there
so we can go over there see if they can
fix it up for me because it's so hard
right now it's my fault like literally
I'll be typing something and like it'll
just go a little literally that's one so
I'm gonna try to get a fix right now
they can't fix it which is kind of
shocker
we're in bath and Bodyworks right now
the most smelliest Goodis store in the
entire littlest world listed some
english because there's that this store
smells so good it's like nice it's like
my favorite it's like my favorite song
oh dude what they should do they should
make a scent that is this store
why did you walked in here I thought I
want that said but then it's like their
store scent so they should make that
Bath and Body Works pay me for that I'm
just kidding we are in forever 21 hours
if I need that really are we're in
forever 21 currently I've want some new
clothes look at this doesn't it look so
like me what is that even I'm looking
for some clothes right now I don't
really know what I'm looking for it's
not like a vent clothes or normal chill
clothes it's just kind of like I just
want to buy things I haven't bought and
myself things in a very long time that
I'm just in the mood to buy something
today so that's my plan what's yours
check out what I found is the kylo Ren
and Stimpy show I'm getting this it's
like my perfect colors it's a baby
you baby vlogger oh my god check out
whatever you doing I bought the best
suitcase ever look at that thing
it's r2d2 do you like my suitcase you
guys I am in Justice right now with no
other then oh my dad
favorite first to come to justice I
think there's a little shy I thank you
anyways a weary injustice right now I'm
gonna see sometimes I can just find like
one shirt here that I like or sometimes
dragon for some Jojo March here oh yeah
but I'm gonna look around and it's very
great I'm really look at how cute that
is be I told you I always find something
in here that I like there are any
children bows here it's kind of sad but
it's okay because they do have some cute
things look at your hair it is really
cute oh my gosh I think I want to get
getting this jagged out no you cannot no
oh yeah no yes no no replay on that
getting this jacket ceiling and in my
hair
no no no no okay I'm gonna get this done
I'm kind of sad you guys are having Jojo
bows yeah we saw that Oh George you're
both already Momo's our success we all
got something we've immunity oh yeah
even you guys you're not a dream you got
a dad that's your participation Joey but
we all pretty much got something let's
continue with this boy I'm trying to dad
with this on but then I have my camera
guys so we're at Universal right now and
it is just me and Jada we're having some
brotherly sister time and we were really
worried about yeah you deserve oh if it
is okay though we are gonna be going to
wear out I fly baby I got all our I fly
for each other this I'm so excited it's
just as we're gonna go fly I'm gonna
walk on back flying he's gonna work on
belly if I we have 30 minutes of flying
time what
gonna be fun I'm excited you guys show
yeah we're all geared up right now
Jaden's all you know how long
come on I can get I love you I love you
too My Damn I had a good thing and today
I'm actually gonna be showing you guys
like the good footage of me flying from
it's gonna be pretty epic you're not
even ready for you guys I'll get you to
chop down slide in here so I'm gonna go
slide to lift but if I succeed I'll let
you know this one chicken down after
like my shoulder hurts now
Josh Aryan says prove it in the window
I've proved it in the window I did it
bearable by myself but I'm so cool okay
I'm getting the video right now but you
already saw the video technically don't
wait guys we finish up and see what
finished about flying now we are at
Target and remember a few days ago
TaylorMade spent two few days ago a few
days ago when I was at Target and I
showed you guys the bow display first of
all they had a lot and then the next day
that I came to had some and now look at
what they have today
one two three four four jojoba therefore
waiting around that bull's eye I'm sorry
bullseye boat boat didn't get a come
this time I know I'm sorry football what
do you think of the bows that's pretty
cool right I mean that's awesome I mean
you tell me you get a watch them like
24/7 but I just I can't use a layup for
Jota bows less pretty epic you think
that that baton absolutely okay didn't
have the shirt anymore pulpit down there
okay found it they only have two of that
one see wieners you're awesome that was
meant to be a high-five by the way cuz I
was gonna see you later have five okay
yes do it every month - we came to
Target and the reason why we came to
tell you is because we got that GoPro
and that SD card for the video tomorrow
but um Wow um look at what they I had no
clue that target was actually selling
this I thought it was just wanna enjoy
our husband hey apparently I was wrong
because they got the bull maker in the
hair stuff which I mean pretty cool and
also do I look guys those are right
there Joe just got it is real i/o in it
oh wow but then somebody put books here
and it's creepy that like mine is like
one of the holes well I mean there's
clearly a lot of them all together we
are best friends are we best friends
it's more or less just me messing with
him and him tolerating it but in that
case that is your job that's a job as a
big brother oh really like a crazy
secret Han jung-woo a time-lapse of us
coming over score inside your anything -
whatever
let's do it
alright so Jayden kind of just boom
dad's California that one are you having
fun
oh I'm loving it it's great right now
I'm happy challenge I'm loving it but
not sponsored though he said I know how
much sponsored it is I want to know what
your favorite thing about living cowboy
is and what your lease everything is
being together as a family
Riley's here they though every time you
jab me in a stunning all this pot so I'm
gem snack give us 20 minutes
eventually what are your initial
thoughts that when we were moving out
good job you for that Wow not only took
him like three and a half minutes
shocker I have a mixed feeling I'm
really good because you know it's been
something that's been a long awaiting
and I'm being totally honest because you
know that's like Who I am
oh my gosh so excited like it's finally
happening yeah four and a half years
later at the same time I was like oh my
life's changing me and mom are ending
like obviously my mom not ending
honestly this isn't sweet about it is
we're both going through something two
different things we're changing our life
out here and they're changing your life
in a way that they moved out to
California now say yeah like oh you're
fine suck it up but I'm saying that we
are going through very similar changes
okay any other questions and I can for
you yeah I did what do you think about
my new car oh my god it's one of the
things that he was very excited for as
we told him like you know when you
finally are ready to make the move
you're getting a new car and he got a
new Jeep and he loves his Jeep like
borderline obsession love like like me
and my dog loves but some of them might
answer on my love your card game you
play the game here's the thing juice
isn't a lie I've always played it and
it's been hard because it's the people
that I like really really know really
well no offense I don't really know you
that well and you don't really know me
though I mean if we live together for
right have more lives so laughs I'll go
first
um to number one I have a slight
obsession with my dog and she is the
cutest thing ever
number two is my favorite color is pink
number three the cry that I cried in my
video of when I was explaining to them
what's going on in our life was fake
obviously the third one because you were
genuinely yeah hey I know that video if
you if you cannot tell I am a very
genuine person I am an open book similar
to wait for like my gym or your phone
nice friendship book oh yeah this is the
film friendship for guys to judge guys
to your life oh yeah guys go do this
right yeah no I let me keep explaining
to you I am an open book if you cannot
tell by now all I'm very genuine and
when I turn on the camera obviously I
was trying to say is that I'm a very
open book in that video if you cannot
tell what's super genuine I I honestly
not playing here guy in that video I
watch that footage back and I was like
you sure to try to hold it in but then I
was like that that was what I was
feeling in that moment so I'm happy that
it was it was good it was such raw
emotion - that's right when I
fortunately saw it the first time I was
like oh my goodness
it's wrong subscribe right now I got my
YouTube water bottles it's got okay go
go I'm borderline obsessed with my new
car he is totally obsessed hold I am
currently in the process of moving
vacuum no you're not daddy's alive you
know it all right they're going you it
was my something like other Tesla's
shoes I'm a sense oh my god no I advise
not to expose to me no I drove across
the country I did that didn't I not
gonna happen
my favorite platform is YouTube my least
favorite platform is Instagram and my
favorite person in the whole entire
world
is mom dad and you and Bobo is actually
first and then you guys are all it's
fine whatever the second one that is
correct I of course do not always fair
clapping but it is a fact that YouTube
is my genuine favorite aha
subscribe right now maybe those guys
those guys okay guys this is a fun
little fan to vlog right I just think
that we should continue on with this
vlog so I know it
trying those out tracks so we know how
to come back I don't really care about
what they say
