oh my god who's half of this entitle
they were on the house go and say guys
good I am just so glad to hear that
anyways today we're at the Sherman Oaks
Galleria we're partying it up over here
we just went to the dentist and vloggy
other dentists because you saw enough of
that the other day wrong the clip was
cookies I think it's like dentistry by
dr. Z this place is also the sprocket
something yeah we were literally there
for four and a half hours last time but
this time it was only about like an hour
and half they're all like go ahead we
are headed off to the upstairs because
we are going to see it rafer wafer wait
for it the greatest show man it's my
favorite movie right now I can fit all
three of them to come see it with me
again I'm so happy so oh my gosh I'm
actually so excited we do this anyway so
if you guys are new here I am Joe to see
what this is Jojo super vlogs and
welcome to the vlog family you guys are
now see what it is so welcome to the
February 19th I believe on the movie is
gonna start in about an hour because
we're those early people who show up to
the theta wait really you know that's
that's us
don't worry about it it's that horrible
place Milan didn't have a little low
crash why'd you get in first
why would you get down priorities guys
priorities eyes are tricking our brother
and we just hide around the corner you
guys were kind of actually were pranking
my brother right now we were just in
Jersey
and but now he went to the bathroom and
we decided to go around the corner
because like why not so common is go
he's gone
I did family anyways you guys we are
going back to the dentist right now
awesome - we started this morning at the
dentist don't know if I told you that
already
oh yeah we just went to the dentist but
the reason why we were going back to the
dentist is for this one hi yes we're
going back to the dentist because Jayden
is getting some dental are you getting
some dental dental time but I don't know
if we should tell you what he's getting
dental e done yes because that is
English my teeth clean I love the
dentist so much well are you nervous
what are you get a watch on this to you
Oh Invisalign that's what I shouldn't
have in my mouth right now but I don't
have any my mother now yeah um anyways
just get my teeth clean wouldn't I get
my teeth cleaned I think you begin to
clean tomorrow probably good morrow that
would work perfectly let's do it okay no
I actually I don't this would be our
third day in a row back in this place I
love okay let's go said I you know I'm
gonna check in with my dad let's see
what he's up to
could you close my car the other day I'm
just gonna let you enjoy your time and
I'm gonna stop by you know I love you
alright okay he doesn't let me take no
I'm just getting ready actually really
loves me I just got to the waiting room
but as soon as I turn my camera off my
dad goes Jojo come back in here and I
was like what he is I love you I was a
now you down about the cameras off okay
we're ditching my brother and I just
kidding you just fill in the dentist
office but we have to be out of the room
for a half hour they had like cleaning
we can't be in there while eclipse no we
are gonna be going to DW which I'm
pretty sure is soon to carry Jojo shoes
I don't know don't quote me on it but up
we're gonna go over there we might get
some shoes for my dad and we look at
those two Gosling we can't be in the
room but they said there's gonna be
there for like another hour but it's
okay because if we are gonna go get some
how do you know first day we do we
coming in just find some shoes that is
pretty difficult that is definitely yeah
Oh mom I like those are you getting out
they're really good for shuffling so
just just have a Java okay whatever
Oh more shoes and I know what to do with
oh yeah we got to boy I am Jordan zero
hi what's your name
she got two pairs and he got two firs I
mean twinning I didn't I didn't get any
in case anyone cared just got to the
golf course
but dad is going if my brother is
golfing my mom's in there hi mom come on
give me some balls I love you now you
like the white is no no I
oh my gosh I can't even handle it this
place that they brought is those kind of
a little creepy like kind of like I'm
actually I'm actually kind of terrified
like this place I'm not gonna lie really
scared
I was feeling that montage and okay
here's the thing I'll preface it with
this
my family is over there having a lot
playing golfing but cuz in the middle of
filling that montage I saw something
really creepy over there you guys they
haven't seen it yeah yeah what did you
guys see that why this is actually this
is really scary right now oh my gosh try
to tell them sure I do
whose is this is actually terrifying
right now oh my god it's about to happen
again oh my god oh my god did you guys
see that oh my this is actually really
clear okay hold on hey mom I know you're
having fun right now but something I was
filming out monetizing something really
really strong oh it's you see that tree
right there
watch what happens right you ready right
no no I knew that make sure you tell the
boys I know it's really odd if I was in
the montage I was like literally upside
down and I saw it and it's reaching up
but it usually happens about every like
five I told you to shut down stop stop
stop all jokes aside stop stop it's
actually it's really it's freaking me
out Jay and you see it it's really it's
really wrong I don't know I don't want
to be here anymore please please please
pack up we're going we're going we can't
stay here anymore oh my god you guys
okay so dirt they're packing up right
now oh my god this is actually
terrifying um basically what's going on
is we're in this place it's literally a
driving range but it's really really
creepy and it's creeping me out and then
I saw something I don't want to stay
here my mom doesn't wanna stay here we
have the boys packing up right now but
there's other people golfing here who
don't know what's going on but
terrifying things just keep happening oh
come on guys Pat let's go we gotta go
this is a little embarrassing I was
planning on saying it outside the house
but we haven't discovered something
flagpole yeah it was a black ball that
was blowing in the wind
oh my gosh I yeah okay I wanna do this
whole video was a joke we know that was
actually scary but nothing was happening
with this tree but then we were like hey
let's just blame it on the flag because
it's funny but honestly nothing happened
in this forest there was all superimpose
or effects or special effects and acting
skills it's a really nice Golf Course -
for the boys which I'm super happy that
they come they're still over there
hitting their golf balls I just want to
let you know that it was all fake and
haha
so I guess one way you could clean that
that was a prank on you guys I prank
Jane I bring dad I bring mom and now I
bring to you that's actually true I have
a huge surge of either prank
not me I wanna tell you something really
cool over here because I got to be
really quiet I want to tell you guys
something really cool but I have to come
over here because I don't want any of my
family members go over there to see so
let's talk about something so I don't
know if you guys noticed or not but my
favorite movie right now is the greatest
show man like I've seen it twice already
I love it so much and after seeing it
again tonight it inspired me so what I
want to do I don't know if there's a
weird lighting on my face there's
awkward lighting yeah I want to do you
guys I want to turn my backyard into a
circus I know right it's crazy who hears
my ideas I want to get like a few
carnival games I want to get maybe like
a dunk tank I have a dunk tank coming to
the house do I want to get like a bounce
house I want to join my whole backyard
into a circus and if you don't know what
the greatest showmen is it's about this
guy on PT Barnum and he basically is the
creator of the circus so he wants to
find all of these different unique
people so he like puts these signs up
that's like if you know different if you
were your unique come meet with me and
he finds the bearded lady and he finds
the like double-decker like the twin
people he finds a really tall guy he
finds a little guy he finds this girl
with pink hair who was in day in the
movie and he's basically he wanted to
find all the outcasts and which is what
I love so much about the movie is it's
like all the different people so I think
that's what one of my favorite parts
about the movie is but I just think
gonna be really fun to turn my backyard
interest circus and this video is not
sponsored I know you think it is
greatest show ever it's not sponsored by
the greatest showman it honestly
truthfully is my favorite movie right
now everyone in the movie was amazing I
haven't done enough research on it to
the point where I know all the real
names in life but I mean Zac Efron
someday a Hugh Jackman every single
character person in the movie was
amazing if anyone from the greatest
Roman is watching this right now like if
you have like I'd read you got some
movie was just so good like it's my
favorite thing ever I want to do that to
my backyard and I'm thinking tonight I'm
gonna order the dunk tank and hopefully
I can get us come tomorrow
legendas vlog goes up they would already
know about the junk cake it's like I
have to do it quick but I oh I think I
want to feel it was like blue Gatorade
or like I don't know I want to feel this
only cool so that's something that I'm
gonna go work on actually right now you
guys you like me again now that your
friends are here you know that there's
thank you literally for the past couple
days it's been ignoring me and it's so
sad I miss you Oh apparently we're
friends again apparently we're friends
again
okay okay I love you right friend again
I love you Bobo's gonna get up here for
the night Bobo you're under the outro
well that's awkward
dr. Valarie is so much thanks for
joining along on this point if you have
minutes at the end of here
congratulations you are the best in the
hallways really bad I just do what I
wanna
