a little bit rolled out going de Guise
good I am just so delighted to hear that
today we are starting this down for a
high overall boy she's going to the
other dogs me and my dad we're gonna
take the dogs on a little walk I got my
moped I'm super excited it's gonna be
great so let's get going you guys we
were just cruising I am currently riding
one handed what you should not do I'm
vlogging the dogs and my dad are
currently behind me oh gosh they're far
behind me I should stop I should stop
it's hard to stop that because the Frank
is on this and that I need those we're
just going for a little walk it's quite
fun there chilling back then for all
three dogs already three two you'll be
there cause that's what friends are
supposed to do you guys this walk is
actually really fun the dogs are being
here Bobo ended up on my lap for quite
some time because you know she's tired
and she's a little lazy don't know
they're just cruising back there I'm
cruising with my helmet half on um don't
do that out the home kids will actually
I do need to fix my helmet boom that's
way better than you know guys keep that
noggin safe oh look at this car hi card
I didn't use a wheel on our way back to
the house right now because it is hot
out here in California isn't it dad he's
far back I didn't know you're that far
back but it is high here it's like
literally I feels like it's like a 104
degrees outside like it's only so hot oh
saying hi to people it's great hello
friends we are at Walmart currently
we'll take the long way around um we are
here because we have to get some things
for the Christmas trees to take them
down we have to get him some hair stuff
we have to get me some batteries up
thank you there's a George oh go and die
hi you have a Jojo Bowen
you suck you down my blog what's your
name izombie I like your bow wow you
guys like the junction phone that's okay
genuine see something cool you've never
been to this mall before we did that Hey
look so good I did I did his hair today
and we're gonna go right here is know be
able to see right there you see that
it's an infection I am literally
everywhere come back here and I'll show
you something that's really cool of
course we can't yet have another one Hey
it lives uh awesome awesome thank you
oh yeah you have a job you guys
I love it's all good I always thank ya
so many souvenirs forever in Walmart but
we're here to get him some hair stuff
we're here to get me some bathroom stuff
couldn't see if they're the dojo toys
but they're not gonna I bought them all
we were here yesterday but hey it's a
bubble bath
they have jojoba the UK I've been
looking for for so long but they they
never seem to George although I did take
a judge a bubble bath the judge a batbox
check out that video I mention whoo
three hours later you guys remember a
couple days ago when I told you I was
gonna do an Instagram ally wait I
couldn't go live with her wait hold on
I'm gonna come back to you guys in a
second let me finish this I told you
guys I was gonna do an Instagram live
okay this club is failing you guys this
is usually what happens when I vlog my
phone is badly out and it's just I'm
gonna oh my god you guys are told you
couple days ago that I was gonna be on a
hexagram live doing all of these devil
ways that I was over my 24 Days of
Giveaways on this channel and you guys
the incident light is happening right
now so I'm gonna guess people on you I'm
gonna they have no clue that they've won
and you're coming hard for the journey
so let's do it well my phone is going
crazy I was going on behind are you see
you
did you watch a rosary some flying yeah
okay so I guess you are winning what is
ever inside this backpack what do you
think's inside of it to be real honest I
don't know what's inside the backpack
what's inside this backpack hold on we
got a job oh that came with the backpack
a ball that I have to unwrap and I
believe we got lots of squishies inside
here it's hi are you see you later yeah
she's about to win this epic price she
has no clue what's inside oh are you
excited by now it is so you can't see it
right now because it's down here but
inside this box I give you a whole Jojo
bedroom makeover so I'm doing this thing
for the giveaway so the final giveaway
prize it was already flying a couple
people out or they're gonna be coming
out if they live in California already
they're gonna hang out have a date with
me in California and it's gonna be
awesome
daddy loves me the final prize but like
who wants to wait till the end to find
out who gets to come to California hey I
was giving to the edge and I'm gonna fix
over to go out and Danielle will be like
I'm so excited this here we go we're
gonna find someone I'm gonna find
someone who's it gonna be she's coming
hopefully they connect hopefully they
connect oh I'm really excited for this
right now I really hope they answer oh
my gosh hi how are you you're so cute
are those all Jojo bows yes my god I
can't even handle it this is Sonia
what's your name Natalie dad of the vlog
I have something really exciting to tell
you guess that's happening you have won
the very exciting prize of jimmao maybe
today yeah are you excited yours with
you oh thank you I think you're in one
of my vlogs before right yeah
honey congratulations we're gonna have a
super fun day
I follow you but you gotta follow him I
can follow her yes yeah so guess what I
think we should do I think that we
should have a fun day have you ever been
to city wok have you ever seen on my
vlogs where I go do I fly do you want to
do that I think we should do that is our
plan yeah okay I'm so excited with each
other
is my favorite favorite food
actually out of the three of us a dog
look at el Bobo is enjoying a snack
