you guys this is so exciting speeds up
my door right now I'm trying to say I'm
gonna go down I want to say hi okay I
wanna go I'm just gonna hide through the
window I'm just gonna go now but what's
coming up but we're not coming up hi
what's your name
I like your judges shirt Andrew Jojo you
see one of the exclusive Jojo golden bow
at Claire's on Black Friday so
congratulations everyone has good day
guys good I am just so so glad to hear
that
anyways I love the faux wall your day is
going to be quite an ethical day because
today's day today is the day my dad and
brother are moving out today what four
and a half years later they're actually
moving here today actually it's really
cool that they get a move out today but
we have a full day ahead of us of
nothing again for once in my life
actually it's like 50 times in my life I
said I've you did this whole area pretty
much in my house so I'm gonna give you a
little tour of that maybe later today
Bobo's you are being too cute right now
Kai I love you I love you so much I love
you so much okay you guys let's get this
dead going check it out you guys are
quick low order oh wait I have to change
my bowl quick also - oh my gosh sure in
the boys section at Target it was just
really really cute I loved it I was like
whatever I'm getting it I'm wearing it
look at this you guys the boys are
coming today if you watch yesterday's
vlog it's still like sad and emotional
and happy too of course but I'm real
small clip of yesterday's like just so
you can get the idea of what I'm talking
about you live together but like now
we're a family again
but you guys it is happy now because of
course they are coming out today Lily
it's like dark outside
so they're gonna be here pretty much in
like an hour and a half I believe but
look at this we got my brother so watch
new clothes he's gonna be so excited
little fun little Pacman shirt I mean
he's got some good fun clothes now to
where he's gonna be so cool he's got
tons of clothes in here I mean I mean
he's a lucky boy but anyways you guys
I'm not gonna see you unless something
really interesting happens in these next
hour and a half because it's like ramen
eyes last hour and a half together until
the boys come out and so I kind of just
want like to spend it with her and not
like really vlog and work I just want to
have a fun time with her so I'll see you
guys a little bit meanwhile good morning
everyone today's our last and final day
the drive and we are so excited to get
to California and give me a fun day do
you agree fun day
no it's so cold I just saw on the news
79 degrees in LA for people living in
this house now we have three dogs living
in this house it's literally gonna be a
full house pretty epic you guys we're
gonna have a fun family night they
literally just got in like four minutes
let's check it out a fridge you're
checking out our blog oh they're getting
they're getting food right now okay
they're getting some salami right now
but oh we decided that we might change
coca and louie's names to Kendall and
Kylie because you know Kendall look like
gentlemen Kylie's job so we're gonna be
having a fun family night tonight and
I'm gonna bring you guys along because
he's been ignoring me for a little bit
because her friends are here Kylie hi
I'm Kylie nice to meet you hello oh hi
mo you do
awesome sure we are gonna get both dogs
a haircut that they very much sodium and
an amazing dog snoring meow it's fine
bye guys we're sending an email okay no
no this is a new camera and what are the
family loves in it now except for me and
that's just because I don't like
cheeseburgers but you like huge burger
what'd you get mom why'd you get it yeah
we're about to use them in and out it's
gonna be great first family dinner has a
feeling for you it's awesome
you guys we're just chillin in my
brother's room I know we got my dad
don't bow it's done here's a weirdest
out a fellow family died in his arms
they've been such an amazing day just
getting to hang out with these little
fun people all day today because we're
together as a family
34c what party for that's us
brother I expected everyone to join in
with me but apparently that didn't
happen I'm feeling a little awkward
right now so I'm just gonna let it go I
I managed to get Bobo to hang out with
me for a little bit she's just been
having so much fun with her new little
doggie friend shoot we she wasn't gonna
play with them right now okay I love you
you can go play with them
cheetahs Lily they're having so much fun
aren't you Bubba's yes yes she is
literally she's panting right now she's
just having so much fun Coco are you
having fun with Bobo feeling really
ignored right now it's it's fine but
anyways you guys I know this was a
little bit of a short vlog today but
that is all I have you guys they thank
you so much watch this video if you
liked it be sure to subscribe India see
you later you guys I love you so much
today was a really fun day the family
came out and that's the literally all
that happened today I'm tomorrow though
we're gonna have a fun vlog we're gonna
be what's happening to Mars we're gonna
be teaching the boys out of logs it's
gonna be a long vlog and it might be
slightly a hot mess that is all that
have you guys say thank you so much
watching this video Bobo you would
indeed ouch oh well okay I love you guys
so much and peace out my
