it's like we survived oh my god you guys
so my mom is this dentist office is the
tears big I've ever seen oh it's like Oh
rhinestone we look back here like so
cute like I've never been to like a cool
Dennis they're like look it it's like
every single thing in here is just
everything that like this little like
sitting room area this seriously the
coolest thing our like I even love
Dennis she literally like not this
specific Dennis but she just in general
doesn't really like the Dennis she hates
it she get on them just not like and she
hates it
well I think she's gonna like this place
it's just it's so cool like everything
it's so extra and I love it I like
you're Dennis llama David's cookies I
think it's like dentistry by dr. Z this
place is awesome this pocket is um hey
thanks I'm kinda beat why cuz I miss
back for one so good I can't wait they
go they go really relaxation room for
you Joe Joe so if you wanna go in there
while she's getting her x-rays it's like
a full like what even is that thing like
that's like and really over the dentist
office it was super sweet they're like
we only wear black also dude not
sponsored but they're like we only wear
black because a lot of people like
they're scared of like white coats and
like curlier oh my god you guys this
place just keeps getting better better
they took me into the relaxation room
and oh my goodness this is definitely a
massage chair oh my god I don't even
know how to explain this this is the
coolest place ever I hope my mom's doing
okay and then they kind of kicked me out
cuz they had to do x-rays but oh wow
this place is great
I suppose great until we've been here
for two hours and wait for it 40 minutes
this place is so great also to
invisalign in the doctor your doctor
goes in I guess why aren't you wearing
your Invisalign cuz I'm like filming
thanks for being my excuse is put that
in like a actually really perfect teeth
there might be a day though where she
gets to be a little loopy alright cited
for that day really it's currently 4:20
we got here at 1:40 so you know we're
just chillin we're signing some
paperwork life's going great
we're gonna just keep going and I'll
update you in relief or maybe if
something interesting happens oh oh
thank you and tell you how long we've
been here oh my oh my oh my mom 5:03 we
have been here for how long we have been
here for four hours just don't say that
I never done anything for you okay but
we just finished up at the dentist and
now we're gonna go get some food maybe
we get some ice cream and go on with our
night and guess what's happening - I
live sync battle Shorty's is happening
tonight I believe it 7:30 I'm super
excited I got us a birdie on I got man
yes again oh my gosh we are gonna be on
our way to target right now see you
there
you guys we were just here yesterday and
remember the whole bow display that they
had and you don't remember check it out
they're actually like almost gone
there's like two of that one last three
of that one left the one of that one
left is there now look at all the bows
that they have look at this thick barely
half so that means in between right now
and yesterday that they are like so hi
mom so like that's a good thing and they
have the shirt over here did you see
that oh look at Oh found it
uh-uh here is that oh my gosh does the
King to get our picture we don't have
this one typical oh I love it do you
want it yeah I want it
of course I want it why wouldn't I want
to wait do they have anything else they
might have like a little hidden bag or
something
wait you want to know something else
really cool all the hats are gone over
there I just realized that they had the
hats at the pony tails those all sold
ooh ha see what it is are the best
what more bows please literally this is
what it looks like just when I find my
own merchandise in the store they have
an extra-large no oh how did you find
that
wait a sec how did I miss that yesterday
how did I miss that I am like always on
a mission I think we should body and
ball Wow how do I got a brother I know
that I was a lot oh my gosh like what
this is I love finding my own
merchandise it's actually so fun I can't
hear that I can't even believe that I
missed that yesterday put them Wow
it's really exciting just balloons yeah
what a good wow oh my eye that's target
trip ever oh you guys so I don't really
talk seriously a lot but tonight is
going to be one of those nights right
yeah I'm gonna be talking seriously just
straight to you guys really telling you
what's going on I know the title and the
caption of this video was something
around the lines of an emotional night
an emotional day and let me preface this
with emotional doesn't really mean sad
emotional means emotional it means happy
sad excited scared nervous mad angry not
really any of the things I'm sad to um
it just means all the different emotions
so don't think that this is a sad thing
at all because it's a happy thing and of
course - it is a sad thing because a lot
of things are ending but a lot of things
are also happening which is really
really cool so let me do a little bit of
explaining and go back to about four
years ago I when I was on my first TV
show Abby's ultimate dance competition
that's when we kind of first experienced
this me and my mom lived away from my
dad and brother for quite some time we
were a family for our whole lives we
always lived together and then we were
away filming the TV show for I believe
12 weeks um you know that's hard on the
family and then after that I filmed
Dance Moms and we of course were away my
dad and brother were in Omaha Nebraska
yet doing my dad was a chiropractor and
my brother was in school and me and my
mom were out here filming Dance Moms
really just to put all of this in a
what's that called like I'm gonna call
them a folder binder we have been living
apart as a family for four and a half
years now it's honestly it's crazy to
think about so a lot of people think
that my parents are apart and there
they are still together my mom and my
dad are still a couple they're still
married they still love each other like
all the things but a lot of people think
they're divorced but they're not we
actually have a great family situation
yeah it's crazy we've lived apart for
four and a half years now and tomorrow's
the day tomorrow is the day my it's kind
of hard to say um my family is gonna be
a family again tomorrow it's crazy it's
a happy it's a I know it's just it's
cool
it's like we survived
we did it it's really really happy it's
crazy
what we've done I'm happy that it's over
I'm sad that it's over - I mean you know
long had a great life we lived together
but like now we're a family again and
it's like I'm not writing because I'm
sad obviously it's just a happy thing
it's really cool
most people don't survive this most
people the parents are apart most people
the daughter is crazy the mom is crazy
the son has forgotten about and the dad
is just off somewhere else I've been
wanting to do this in my own personal
time tonight in bed just chilling out
but you know I guess I ended up doing it
with you guys um it's amazing
unbelievable that is really all I work
for I'm really happy it's weird
because we've lived apart for so long I
don't know how to explain it it is
really just amazing that's the only word
for it and the thing is is like it's
gonna be different it's gonna be an
adjustment but we're gonna be a family
you know the book of me and my mom doing
our thing and living and no boys is a
shot which is pride of thing for me that
is most saddening because that was a
really fun time in my life and it's
memories that I'm gonna cherish forever
are you coming to join the fun I'm
letting everything loose right now
because that's a good thing I know
it's a big chapter that's over yeah
that's I was sitting I say that it's bad
and I was planning on doing it tonight
alone and bad just like oh we did it for
a visa later but no that's what I was
explaining to them it's like it's sad
that this is over but it's happy that
that is starting well we're the great
live enough boys are coming out yeah and
that's literally it's like you're spying
on me would you buy one oh but listen
yeah it was amazing who can say they got
to just spend four years and live with
her mommy Californians have a girly life
do all that and then that's what I'm
surprised if it's like that's I was like
it's fames them it's like we did it yeah
we serve behind it and of all you know
yeah yeah yeah yeah cuz it's been really
since you were eight years old
off and on so really longer than four
years almost six years it's crazy
off and on it's solidly for the last
three to four but you know what
it's only gonna that's rise tonight only
gonna be better I promise it's only
gonna be better I think we're lucky that
they get to move here yeah we're lucky
we don't have to wait another year and a
half yeah with your eighth house and we
have great great life oh god we have two
more dogs coming out a dog actually be
the doctor look at this babe nobody's
just like this is our sight in the
beginning of this was like most families
don't end this like this we did like and
it's not that it's not ending but it's
like most families don't come out of
this alive
like my marriage could've ended well
that's yeah literally I was like here's
what usually happens the mom is crazy
the child is crazy the brother is off
doing something else no one can Belling
and yeah yeah and the dad is just over
and over it all with some other girl
yeah yeah and it's like we did it which
is ironic yeah happy but you know what
it means it means in the end good always
prevails yeah good prevails your dad is
a good person I am a good person we have
great kids we have a good family and
it's only gonna get better it's only
gonna get better
our family was so good and we didn't
even live together oh I know it is I
know it is yeah yeah yeah and if we need
girl time oh it's gonna be better cuz
we're gonna see him every day yeah cuz I
would go a couple days and not talk to
Jane like that's noisy not normal
no it's not that it's not gold sweets
without doggie like actually me on the
phone targeting that like I talked to
her when you were on the phone yeah but
like not one-on-one it's really like I
don't want to say this but like it's
kind of the truth is like I haven't
known my dad for the past four years
yeah I haven't known my brother you
haven't known Jay like and it's like
really cool that like it's all coming
full circle and that like you were
saying good prevails I don't think a lot
of the four year-olds know what prevails
and really means um it just means that
the good comes out that you believe
there's a light at the end of the tunnel
and then it's like there is a happily
ever after right I work for it it can be
happily and it's like you believe
there's a light at the end of the tunnel
you see the light at the eternal
sometimes you get to the light at the
end of the tunnel and someone flicks a
switch and it turns off but it's really
like we made it to the end of the tunnel
the lights there the sun is shining and
tomorrow's gonna be great as a mom and
as a wife imagine how they feel packing
their stuff up and leaving everything
they know they know to come to come here
to a brand new life and not a brand new
life with us but just a brand new life
on the outside yeah yeah so we have to
work really hard to be loving and
welcoming Oh evasion
halli if you're watching coastal drive
to show your eye there's like a few
people that I know a lot to my vlogs
every day and watch until the end and
how he is one of those people I was
talking about mom she's like don't you
just love Halle and I was like oh my god
I love her I love her so much but she
could be so annoying you know I tell you
that and I was like she's like what and
I was like that's how a best friend has
to be how is my best friend for those of
you who don't know but I was like that
is how your best friend has to be
because like well that's how I think you
love them and so that's how the family
has to be to like girl people fight
right yeah argue real people cry real
people laugh know people aren't fake and
happy holiday they aren't perfect you
have to be real and that's that's what
makes good people so if you're mad be
mad if you're happy you'd be happy I'm
happy
ever cry I'm really happy that you liked
our time together this month
oh my god yeah that's actually really
right guy I'm not going anywhere okay
I'm gonna drive this up and I need to be
done with this because it's not
happening and these items there's not
it's not a sad action
I mean it's it's a lot but it's like a
good a lot all right well here's to a
great life here's to a new book not even
a chapter a new new but a new book it is
like jojo's guy to the street life is
closing and the things I love a philan
friendship book is opening this is my
plan for a midnight tonight you wanna
cry because I just thought I'd get it
out yeah you know yeah you know
sometimes I just have to wait here's to
you Jade I'm gonna run to the heat log
today I don't know if right here I've
logged here's what happened as he vlogs
like 10 clips and then I'm only able to
use five of them because the other five
is like I don't know how to explain it
but so next time I say you're a good
teacher
yeah leave me in yep yeah they got two
DJ's Jaden you have to do it enjoy it
out job and Jojo you can't like you how
do you say it a little softer so here
the thing you gotta put an intro and I
would like this you guys come on it's
not that hard
intro now Joe like go on huh
okay well here's my brothers clips next
time I see you I better not still look
like this so Jaden take it over morning
everyone so today we start our drive we
left Colorado and I did not feel not
because we left very early this morning
but we're about to cross over into New
Mexico and stop walk around enjoy not
being in the car for two hours at a time
okay so we decided to stop it's been a
long day on the road but we stopped in
New Mexico today it was a good day of my
Road would you agree fun great down the
road made it Mumia it was a long damn it
was a good day so we're gonna do the
vlog back to Joe Joe right
yeah we're what's on it back to Joe Joe
my mom is asleep right now but I can be
kind of quiet so I love you guys so much
for today
