are you doing on the counter what are
you doing up there you look so cute
today
okay she's fine ignoring me right now
but you do today
oh thanks bones it's going really good
for me too anyways you look so cheering
your outfit right now okay what's our
Bobo what is that Bobo's okay you guys
are we actually we got this um this is
available in the UK but there's this
dance agency called MSA and they
actually sent this to us because the
people who make the perfume wanted to
send it to me and that was the only way
that they could get it to me is by going
through MSA so I was really really cool
I'm so happy that they send that to them
right pose that is something you never
say and thank you to the people who make
the perfume company if you guys are
watching this your perfume smells
amazing
you guys if you live in the UK you
seriously I'm not even throwing this
like for myself I'm actually pro wearing
this because this perfume smells so good
like I spread it in are like am I gonna
smell like body alright and then I
sprayed and I was like oMG that's
amazing also - speaking of which we need
to get you off the counter don't we okay
come there Oh should we got a Walmart oh
I can't want to go to Walmart moms we go
to Walmart we haven't left for Mama
yeah but why my mom is Jojo come up here
right holonovel secretive little girl of
it but she Jojo come up here um but
don't do the care mom because like they
can't like be a part of this right I
come up here and I have this huge thing
going in 2018 and I just got a preview
out of it
awesome it's literally awesome I don't
know how but it just awesome okay now
we're gonna be on our way to always fall
so you're at Walmart are you guys so we
made it to Walley world Bobo
you like it in there are you enjoying I
think she is looking she made a new
friend she's got a little zebra unicorn
thing she's got a little sock monkey
thing and she's got a real monkey are
you having fun at Walmart okay crickets
but but I could tell by her face that
she was really enjoying the time oh I
should let her get in one of these you
do I love that what would you want that
okay this is not what we were we are on
a hunt and a mission for some Jojo merch
I heard there's a Jojo slime kid help
what I know that it's being sold at
Walmart so that's what I'm actually here
for I want to see if they have that also
to look at my mom down there but anyways
I'm gonna go see if they have the sign
kid scalp Bobo you think they're gonna
have a sign get here no no my mom was
here and she found that all of my life
doll stuff so even if they have that dad
still be cool I really put them down the
slime kit like I'm actually really over
they have it is just having the time of
her life sniffing around aren't you Bobo
look at they have my slime king cool
cool I was excited but was excited too
oh man gee I can't I actually can I am
like screaming in this wall right now
but I actually cannot believe that they
have this year this is like amazing
right mom we hold this very there's so
many of them but yes today I actually
genuinely did not think they were gonna
have it cuz this is like one of the only
Walmart's that's like around my area put
honest honestly you guys I did not think
look at my dog she is not in the mood
right now I had no clue sorry no you're
fine you're fine
so I you guys were taking a picture with
someone who's a little camera-shy
but what I was saying is honestly I
thought they wouldn't have it like I
honestly did not think they were gonna
have it so I was like whatever I'll just
come here I'll be like Oh her arm is out
of her shirt again for taking her out of
her share of only her left arm it's the
weirdest thing I just can't even that
they have in a home like flying yeah I'm
definitely making that right now oh my
gosh they have my slime kit at Walmart I
am just Wow well let's continue on with
the blog Oh what you doing over there
my dog okay the whole time well we have
actually been over here staring at the
slime kit that was right there really to
notice um hello hi how are you doing
um hello what are these this is my face
on it what is this even oh it's a bow
for like the my legs all and then a bow
for you oh that's cool but it could be a
bow for bubble and then about for me
yeah yeah mom your knees do that either
yeah look at that's me yes of course
yeah that's me this is um Bobo's first
China Walmart and I think she likes it
so far because look at you smiling whoa
boy you wanna go find yourself you go
find you get my car I am just cleaning
the house today I love it this is
usually what Boas stuff would be by by
my head brother by my dog but Bobo's I
have some bad news for you you're so
popular your stuff is all gone here
everyone just bought it I mean my stuff
they've restocked but but they love me
too but what do you have to say about
that
okay cricket sounds good
awesome till you got some really
exciting news is I heard that there
might be some more dogs coming out maybe
like kidney candies throw our dog maybe
I'll hold the drama doll I don't really
know honestly but for real you guys make
sure you get your boomerang Jojo dolls
right now because they might be gone
soon I know they're Garnett toys I was
like they're sold out already so make
sure if you see it you get it because
you might not be able to get my mom
bubble can you stop ink you please she
is
having the time of her life my dog
actually loves won't work she really is
just enjoying her time she's just
chilling in the cart and I think you
just think ever it's like every mother's
dream also to you already my favorite
part about having products and waller it
is is you can come here and vlog and the
workers love it they're like taking
pictures with me like is awesome you
really know what the best TV show in the
whole wide world is see what my world
baby okay wait let me rephrase that I
think the second best TV show well
tidally technically if you'd look at it
this is considered a movie so
technically this is the best movie in
the world and then also do the best TV
show they're always listening valo
sardis oh yeah also to make sure you
watch lives you've got a show teens this
friday january Toffler just today Oh
today watch some signal shorts today
Friday January 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. on
Nickelodeon all I have to say is if I am
the first social-media influencer boom
right there that's me do you have a
poster in Walmart and it's pretty cool
huh they were saying you're laughing at
me but it's okay because people are
certain they're doing something right
also to UM be different today I was
gonna wear shoes I had pink poodles on
them stuffed animals but I didn't end up
wearing them because my mom goes we're
just going to wall more like you don't
need weather today those are adventures
and I was like come on so don't be
afraid to differ I'm currently I am
wishing that I wore my pink poodle today
but dishes are actually really cute
really comfy again same as Bobo's outfit
you right bones okay this is I should
kind of funny we started walking down
this round she's like she's not you it
got really excited but these are her
favorites and she likes those and we
have to get her some real food down
there and I have to get hurt actually I
have to get a quite a lot of things well
those are Bobo's favorite treats and
they never have them and they have a
bubbles
she loves pepperoni you guys I just had
a great conversation with one of the
workers who works it and I ran into
someone who worked at lifting battle
shorties I'll watch it this Friday today
debut a generate Cup at 7:30 p.m.
Eastern to a worker who works yet warmer
and she said that the simulators are
awesome and they literally cannot keep
any of my stuff in stock which is so so
amazing so you see when it is I'm
letting Bobo run in the puppy aisle I
wonder if she's gonna pick out anything
what was going on come see it all the
trees see if you want anything you can
buy what
you want whatever you go to I will buy
for you okay what do you want do you
want any of these oh did you take you
got tons of Jojo watches look at all
those Jojo watches how cool is that
Bobo's I know right Bobo okay so there's
one last piece of Jojo much that they
might just might have here that well
that I know of
actually wait a second that is a lie
because they might have like cups and
plates and stuff here I never even
thought about that
okay so we'll look for this and then
we'll go look for that all right so the
thing that I'm looking for is backpacks
do we think they have a backpack say you
have backpacks oh oh oh oh okay why are
they behind all those things I do not
understand hold on we need to fix this
oh yeah baby that is much better I put
some friends and okay wait I haven't
pushed wait what's that hold on a second
why not go back sighs my merchandise is
in Walmart Target JCPenney justice
Claire's Kmart Kohl's Primark
entertainer Toys Toys R Us pay last
Amazon 7/11 like come on you guys that's
pretty awesome oh hi like come on you
guys that is pretty awesome am i right
no but it's actually so amazing and I am
so grateful for that but crazy so many
people staring at me right now so many
people it's okay though I am currently
talking to a cart basically because you
guys are my card it's so unbelievable
and amazing how great my life is like
it's great that's to think that I
organize all those stores like no but
like not at all bragging like I know
this kind of like could seem like that
but it's honestly not at all what it is
it's just about being so cool that I'm
like the first really social-media
influencer to do that and I mean thank
you so much to Nickelodeon for helping
out with that like it's so unbelievable
it's so amazing what my life has become
in 2017 okay you fell you guys Bungie
finished of the law where do you go turn
we're in target right now right Bobo's
she took her arm out of her shirt again
really Bobo's you guys look at this okay
so last time I was here remember when
they had the whole display of Judge
abuzz and it was all pretty much full
look at this boom super NATO just so
awesome they're actually like almost
gone there's like two of that one left
three of that one left one of that one
left want to okay there's like four of
that one left but three
one of that one two of that one um what
else is that sure that one too of that
1/3 of that 1/2 of that 1/3 of that one
one of that one one of that one and
there's a few hats a few of those
hatches all and like three gloves I mean
you guys see an industry or the best
high five but seriously you guys that's
crazy is gone like okay I'll accept it
that's pretty awesome right blow pretty
awesome isn't it I know what you're
looking at before you go - hi - bullseye
Bobo loves bullseye look at look at
these two lovebirds you love her son
bullseye okay I'm gonna take you over
there to say hi you wanna go say hi okay
let's go being 100 percent honest I
swear I did not put this Jojo bow here
like honestly it was literally laying
right there look it doesn't even have a
card on it like I would print over there
we definitely have a card on it hi stop
bullseye sorry friend no but really like
the Jody Jobo
I don't know who did that but that's
cute Hey oh where we going where are you
going you where you get a little Missy
vu you get run around take it by
yourself all right so the reason being
why I'm at Target is paid to come check
on these Jojo bows and I mean Steve
inators you guys are just the best and
so they're actually although more sold
out which is really excited and puts
anyhow my reason is honestly oh look
they have another shirt check it out
that's me look at all these these are
all me and we only got mediums an extra
smalls like keep this shirt is it this
be your own star oh my gosh I love it I
love dough too much so much but would
you love Georgia March just being a
little camera shy right now nobody why
would I tell you - I'll tell you because
my mom needs something I want all again
I found her I found her did you see how
the dodo birds there almost sold out
back to why we're at Target is because
my mom has to buy some things I'm
honestly just here because she's here
and I just go with my mom everywhere so
that's situation for the day but we're
gonna have a fun target adventure we
already had a fun wallet adventure today
is just a great day do you have a Jojo
bowling look at that kid up there she's
a Georgia Bowen she's a Jojo Vaughn I
would go to scream and see if she
notices me and then we'll like vlog her
and say she has a joke about okay this
is like see if I can
she's not looking over here and it kind
of do all the things to get her to look
I can't go to walk around here bullets
you have a Jojo Bowen hi
that's a head my blog just Jojo Bowen
are you her dad yes I am alright yeah
you got Jojo buh-bye yeah well I found a
friend remember at you and bullseye you
guys are together okay you can't have
two boyfriends that's guys that's a
little weird
also two I did get that kid to see like
I thought I was here and she actually
was really really excited she had a
jojomo and her dad was three so yeah
that was really cool to give us a Hatter
I love seeing it in public and you guys
have your Joe DuBose it it just makes me
so happy to see that there is like soon
it is out there who are like proud okay
I couldn't get this dude over check it
out look they got some Jojo merch toys
they got the boomerang dog they got the
exclusive at Target only doll and they
got that boomerang microphone and they
got of course the bodacious Bell answer
there's a little dice game that's over
there they got the dudes and dice game I
love that the dancing guys gave us next
to spot it was just like actually
seriously one of my favorite games in
the entire world so that's really cool
for me but it's just like so
unbelievable that I can go to a store
and literally find my face and like
what's funny to me is it's literally at
almost any store which is just like
mind-blowing like it's just it's so cool
beause I haven't fun at Target did you
get into your boyfriend
well bull's eye is hurt she thinks it's
her boyfriend I won't allow her to have
a boyfriend yet but she thinks it's her
boyfriend I am on a mission right now to
find my mom because I have no clue as
you and so I'll let you know what I find
her hey what's your name Rami yeah you
wanted to be on my blog so now you're
Lavoie is there anything you're say
subscribe yeah
I had Bobo that's Bobo that was actually
like the cutest thing ever that little
boy just came out to eat he was like can
I beautifly was like oh my gosh yes of
course I love it what you guys say that
it's like right there if they ever
awesome dude look who I found
Oh get off the tail of it um I found I
found a squatty potty and you put up I'm
actually I went over to my friends house
logs and her mom I don't know I was like
what is that she's like it's really okay
why are we talking about even talking
about this one squat wardrobe change bag
of bags I'm about to sell a youtube
video for my main channel which is
coming out on Saturday which is tomorrow
technically okay but the video is
basically I'm gonna be recreating old
baby Jojo pictures so I have some of my
costumes lined up I'm doing like one
with crazy hair this one was like an old
school picture an old school picture
this one is a super girl costume this
one's an old dance solo what's up and
that was like a JAMA pitcher this one is
a really funny one where I have to have
a blue Tong doesn't that thing yes
literally these pictures are gonna be
hilarious I'm so excited recreate them
but I gotta film this video you know
it's honestly it's gonna take me a lot
of time to film this video and so I'm
gonna film some of it tonight and then
some of it tomorrow I didn't have all
the things that I need for it but I have
some of the things I need for and I
can't do some of the completed looks
tonight so that's what I am doing I'm
gonna see you in between every like
because some of these things are gonna
be hilarious and you're not even ready
for it so let's go okay just look at the
photos that I action to recreate and the
other two that I was gonna do tonight I
have to actually be outside for which
start outside look at if you're not
outside right now but I can't do one of
them that requires me to be inside and
of course it's dawn right have to have a
blue time but that is the one that I
actually wanted to do tonight because I
don't want to have a blue tongue all day
tomorrow so I got this sucker and it's
supposedly supposed to turn my tongue
super blue so you'll get to see like the
process of that in my video on my main
channel but also um you're gonna see the
aftermath of that right here on this
channel well this is the whole blue
mouth sucker and if that wasn't enough
at all I can barely literally barely
worked so I had to end up ordering a
slushy which hey I got a slushy out of
the deal but I ended up ordering and
slushy because it wasn't blue enough at
all and I got the blue hair in Oscars
Jersey which is actually pretty cute and
I nailed the picture like you guys
you're not even reading for this videos
gonna be hilarious okay
I didn't transform back into normal
George are so serious and I look like
normal Jojo
are you done
we're back upon to have my bizzle item I
thought that's like it I thought it also
to buy here has a very colorful look at
how colorful I am right now I am just so
colorful and then I also have like a
black shirt on so kind of colors what
kind of not colorful but that was an
epic day to get oh wait Holi go things
couple things couple things alright
anyways um so few things few things one
of the few things oh the giveaway is
number one do you guys as you know I'm
planning a giveaway but here is the
details I need to take my Rosanna all
right and we're good to go
no I said in yesterday's like that I
would be opening them in today's like so
hopefully ready to hear to hear me
explain what is happening with them but
anyways you guys the situation is is
that I was thinking and here's what my
brain was telling me is I wanted to be a
surprise and the reason why I wanted to
be a surprise is because surprises are
front hue is the clip from yesterday's
vlog where I explained you how you could
win the giveaway and I'm gonna let you
watch that and I'm gonna bring it back
here to explain how and like what where
and all the other friends so the details
that you would need to know so roll the
clip alrighty I'm winning one of these
giveaways is actually new so what you
got to do is use step number one how to
turn my post notifications on there's a
little bell down below and you gotta
click that belt that will also to notify
you every single time that I post a new
YouTube video on this channel subscribe
down below that will take you to
subscribe to this channel right here
also do you have to subscribe to my main
channel I will link down in the
description you guys may have to
subscribe here subscribe that BSU and
then join the family and be awesome Oh
writing you guys so that brings me back
to here where I'm going to be explaining
now where you could find out if you want
know tomorrow for you guys is going to
be Saturday January 13th I believe I
believe it's Saturday the 13th I'm
pretty positive so anyways you guys I am
going to be doing an Instagram live
streams sometime tomorrow on Saturday
the 13th you guys you have to be ready
on your is room all day long well maybe
not all day long maybe just turn my
Instagram notifications on to get
notified once I go live and now here is
the thing you guys you have to come on
that livestream that I do on my
Instagram account it's joy to see oh
wait wait wait you need a pop tag okay I
got you boom that's my his room right
there at it's Jersey well I will be
doing a livestream on that account to be
real honest I have no
what time whatsoever but I know I will
be going live on that account on
Saturday the 13th you guys so be ready
turn on my notifications and get ready
so now here's what you had to do is
you've got to come on to that Instagram
livestream and you have to comment
something very important and that thing
that is a very important is you have to
comment bows are awesome and I am a seer
in it okay can you guys comment that way
to say let's prank this go comment that
on this video right now comment bows are
awesome and I am assuming it or can you
guys do that okay I'm challenging you
three two one jump away I'll stay here
while you guys do that I'll give you
about 10 seconds to ten nine eight seven
six five four three okay
boom you can't do that congratulations
you commented bows are awesome and I
have a sieve inator you guys be on my
Israel livestream Saturday I'm gonna be
guessing people on that live stream
they're gonna have no clue what they
have won whatsoever but you have to be
coming from this vlog and you have to
comment bows are awesome and I am Oh see
you later
so you guys this is going to be the most
epic live show on the Internet let's
break the internet with this live stream
you guys make didn't do it I think we
can do that when do you know why I think
we can do that because right but if you
made it all the way to the end of this
video you are lucky because you are one
of the very lucky people that could
actually win one of these prizes one of
these giveaways which I'm so excited for
so make sure you join that Instagram
livestream okay now there was one other
thing that I wanted to talk about
oh yeah last but certainly not least uh
my brother is a vlogger as we all know
so I check out this footage from the day
he was driving the dog you're being so
good just just check it out okay so
there's our final thing over huh and it
is breezy right no we just got some
fresh snow we're kind of in a blizzard
right now this is why we're leaving
Nebraska get the dogs I mean they're
doing good they're not enjoying the cars
but look
the jojo blanket she's sitting in the
back in the middle now Loula
why are we show them heart pills it's a
longer if it's been a long it's already
been a long day it's already been a long
two hours all right daddy's a rapper
buns I love you guys so much take you
for why his pocket have you made us at
the end of this video makes you come on
my Instagram livestream fine Saturday
the 13th I don't know what time so go
follow me on instagram boom there's a
pop tag again at its Jordan Co just
follow me there put it on my
notifications turn on my post
notifications here too on YouTube and
subscribe and be a co-editor because why
because see when errors are the best and
they're awesome and they're strong of
the confident and are powerful and they
believe in themselves them that they
believe in everyone and themselves only
love everyone all the things of the
world but for real that is a wrap up
Andre hey bubs run to the outro ok well
that's awkward
on the day I love you guys so much
thanks for watching this voyage I will
see you guys tomorrow
peace bye
