you guys let me bounce Joy's my new TV
show is too easy crazy crazy you guys it
is currently 731 in the morning I am NOT
a morning person so this is just great
for me this is usually the time that I
would be slowly I see you under cover
that was just the producer of the show
coming to tell me what was happening
today but anyways today I am Access
Hollywood live it I'm gonna talk about
lipstick mouth shorties the stuff that
I'm doing with the Super Bowl and a few
other things pretty much whatever they
ask me how I got asked me something
about Dance Moms YouTube I just answer
the question I would always chance to
premiere preparing it would like they
used to know I'm like you guys are just
gonna answer their question it's the
funniest thing but check out this outfit
I actually look so good today I don't
even think you know yes these a red
lipstick Bella shoes look at those black
pants so fancy but actually this oven is
one that I wore on lipstick Valdez it's
I think the first episode is the outfit
that I wore and so you'll be seeing this
again on Friday this Friday January 12th
at 7:30 p.m.
woo watch those think about charities on
Nickelodeon but I got the little shirt
on and it's very very cute can you see
it well get it wait for it like it are
cute it is I got a little patches on it
and the back of it has like a little
patch on it it's so cute and this one
made it hi mom I was going to gay oh
you're just trying to find the Wi-Fi it
is it somewhere on the wall kid no it's
not on there
what do you what'd you find it let me
know what it is again you got this I
believe it you 7:59 a.m.
she sure does yes she does and she likes
to do Talent I mean it went through
Nickelodeon said Nickelodeon like
dropped the offer and they sent us
through there like the NFL wants to do
this with you and I was like oh my god
said super golden my thing isn't through
it the whole Logan Paul situation is
like why are we giving it the attention
like I like you Google anything that has
to do with YouTube and all that comes up
is him and it's just so unfortunate
because there's so many amazing things
my friend Colleen ballinger she did a
YouTube livestream for her birthday she
raised over $60,000 for childhood cancer
nice and it's not easy
back at the Apollo did something
terrible and wrong and isn't even posing
on YouTube anymore like it's just it's
so unfortunate that that's what the
attention goes to like this is all the
negative like let's focus on the
positive and so that's what I try to do
and my fans is bring them the positive
and just keep them happy and keep them
excited and keep my content safe and
family-friendly well you can tell your
friends well I just actually made it
back home this one is just having a
heyday right now with me she's so
excited that I'm back home but I am is
so tired it's literally only like 9
o'clock right now so boys should go back
to bed guys
oh she has an itch ok but man ball boys
we're gonna take a little nap because
you know we're we're tired but I also -
gotta edit so I don't really know I'm
gonna try sleep I don't know what I'm
gonna do you guys come help me you guys
you guys what a day it has been so far
with literally nothing like literally
nothing literally nothing oh can you
stop playing with us even I need to talk
to you
Little Bo Bo I'm trying to vlog I get
that she's packing cheese and crackers
but I'm really trying to vlog anyway so
today has been I'm not showing you a day
of nothing I woke up again about two
hours ago it is five o'clock so that
means I woke up at about 3 o'clock I
edited my video for my main channel
which is kind of like sort of what's
going on over there but also - I'm gonna
do some school in a minute and let's
check in with chest yeah
be on camera right now why not because
I'm organizing my refrigerator like she
is obsessed now with organizing I think
it's her new thing but look at the
fridge so far but girl you have to make
things messy to organize them but look
at this bridge already she is getting so
organized and you know what's funny is
she actually thinks like I'm funny for
watching what's up mom's DIY video looks
like she's actually secretly watching
them but there's a piece of salami right
there how are you how are you missing
that buh buh buh buh there's literally a
piece right there
buh buh literally right here right here
huh you want it you want this
five-second rule it's okay it's been
every good there you go you're a deli a
little girl she's like guys I'm trying
to eat my food okay so you guys I don't
know he knows or not but one of my best
friends a whole wide world born she
moved to Tennessee which I don't know
why she did the dumb decision but anyway
she like never
how are you they're not even three
months and I knew she was gonna move
died so it wasn't like a whole I do it
don't leave I leave but I know you're
gonna be back I moved back so do my
closure she's back for good I got her a
little welcome-back present guys you
don't get a chocolate are y'all ready
for this thing oh my god yeah chocolate
Bobo loves Lauren Jim she literally
loves her fridge is done so amazing and
here's the fridge you ready for the
final product
Oh
beautiful bridge oh my god it's great
and that's all the sauce and then these
are the cheese is a nerve I bared it
there so learning clearly does not watch
my vlogs because she and I put them up
there the tape so you you like it I love
it and then the rest of the Rings a hot
mess up here and I got a giant teddy
bear that's new also jiggle losing
battle shortage watching this Friday on
Nickelodeon at 7:30 January 12th I think
that's what this looks like now it is
wrong are you guys we're actually made
it to Buffalo Wild Wings right now and
the reason why we are here is because
Lauren here is obsessed with hot wing
she's like that hot so she's got there's
a blazing challenge not gonna work like
it rises behind what's your name
Lily nice to meet you we show let me
watch rich easy to watch you guys ready
for it
Oh check it out that's me on there yeah
excited Lauren I'm a little nervous I
use a range as a favor
oh no I actually can't today you guys
did not remember my brother actually did
the some blazing moon challenge not this
exact one but you did it I think
yesterday to check that out if you don't
remember all I do we might go see the
greatest show me after this movie
so you're the thing is Lauren's been
wanting a dog and I I want to buy her a
dog but the thing is is I thought I go
fine you do this I will buy your dog you
have to eat all of them 6 minutes 12 in
6 minutes
that is not even fair to give you 12 in
10 minutes
12 12 minutes where $1,200 dog Toto she
has a beagle she has named a bagel oh my
god I'm actually so excited are you
excited I figured I'm signing my life
away she was dining a contract with
Buffalo Wild Wings currently hashtag
sponsored oh just getting a Florentine
this sauce is extremely hot and contains
some of the hottest peppers on earth do
not attempt if you have any no my
lantern we got a challenger challenge
going on right now her name is Lauren
ah here's a head my blog me and try it
not excited they brought her the smells
but I officially took it by burning
chicken tenders and I am about to eat
the chicken thin with a little bit of
the sauce I'm not excited we have the
milk ready how much should I do like
that no good okay well good times like
this to my tongue like they're like
scraping it two hours later well well
what did you like to know what's in all
of these long resin well what do you
think they'd like to know I agree with
that but before I can even tell you what
is inside all of these presents how
awesome so I don't know if you see
anything oh we made it back home if you
do before you didn't even see anything
hold on let me pull up a chair and
explain already those are the
requirements of a winning one of these
giveaways is actually new so what you
got to do is use step number one has to
turn my post notifications on there's a
little bell down below and you gotta
click that belt that will also to notify
you every single time that I post a new
youtube video on this channel to look
like that
hit the red subscribe button that's a
write down below that will take you to
subscribe to this channel right here
also do you have to subscribe to my main
channel I will link down in the
description you guys may have to
subscribe here subscribe that BSU and
then join the family and beat awesome
and now the last requirement is you have
to comment what should you have to
comment you should have to comment why
you love being a c18 err and for me I
love being inseminated because it just
makes me happy and it just makes me feel
like inspired to be able to inspire
others and so I think that's like my
favorite part I mean it's weird for me
to be like the leader of the simulators
to be like ah Steven ater but I am a
Sivir there if you really think about it
because I'm someone who had drawn
confident powerful believes in myself
believes and everyone loves everyone
loves myself all the things that c18 oh
and and of course I am subscribed and
that is definitely one of the
requirements to be its you inator is
you've got to subscribe subscribe
subscribe
ok now I just sound like I really want
you to subscribe but I do want you to
subscribe but that's not my point of
this on my point of this is the kid
should be a souvenir and get you to be
someone who is just happy and positive
and kind and not native and no hate and
just a loves everyone and believes
everyone supports everyone so you guys
let's go down the checklist one more
time and then we will resume it then a
lot of dads in a row number one turn on
my post notification step number two
subscribe to this channel and subscribe
to my channel share number 3 comment
down below why you love being a sooner
you guys if that is it you can win one
of these awesome prizes that I am going
to be under grabbing it tomorrow's vlog
I know I know I've been kind of dragging
you out throughout these vlogs but like
hey it's a win-win because I get to keep
making you guys excited and you get to
keep watching these vlogs so bad you
guys guess what my new TV show airs this
friday like literally tomorrow I am so
excited I don't even think you know so
let me do some explaining I have a new
TV show coming out lip sync battle
shorties I co-hosted it with Nick Cannon
and it's airing this Friday January 12th
at 7:30 p.m. on Nickelodeon you guys I
am literally so excited I know you sure
do the promo of lip sync battle shorties
before in this vlog but let me just tell
you how I was so incredibly excited I am
because this is a project that me and
many others work so hard on and it's so
exciting that it's like finally here it
is sow sow sow sow sow
it's amazing we're just crazy Stein that
was probably really annoyed I get really
a lot to handle but it was so so so
amazing to film and I'm so excited that
it's finally here you guys so lip sync
battle Shorty's is happening tomorrow so
make sure you tune in to Nickelodeon
tomorrow Friday January 12th at 7:30
p.m. you guys so excited you do not want
to miss this show it's lip sync battle
shorties it is awesome like me watching
it as a kid watching it it's like my
dream TV show to be watching but like it
also turns my dream TV show to be on
uh-huh I'm on it which is crazy don't
you guys watch out on Nickelodeon
actually about to wrap it up for the
night wait a second no no no no no
response oh no let me change those
pajamas - what all right officially all
that I have you guys if they think so
much for watching this vlog if you liked
it be sure to subscribe and be I'll see
what NATO baby woo but for real that's
all I have you guys as a thank you for
joining me along on this vlog and Bobo
you want to outro it
all right well Bowa gave me cricket so
that's around fun today I love you guys
so much what what you were giving me
crickets before you wanna be on the vlog
now what I'm so confused I have
something on my on my elbow okay we'll
do that again so much Jim peace out by
zero peace
