I gotta make this quick because my
camera is outside and it is wet it is
raining and this is not good because
it's not gonna break today hotdogs okay
so hey guys doing everything another
side of this dialogue oh they got good
people laughing at me oh nothing raised
me okay I got a guy like that so today
we had soundcheck happen for them for
the kids toys or it's happening like not
tomorrow but the next day like oh my
gosh it's crazy it's crazy I'm a kid no
car at LCCC that's my car right there
and did you grab my lenses right now you
see the little dots right there yeah
let's cover my lips with whatever I get
in the car and then I will tell you more
about what's going on today
hi we're actually we're parked right now
if you can tell but what was just going
honest soundcheck for Casey good like
seriously you haven't even ready for it
I filmed this bit while I was backstage
it was really close my fist I was all
girls ready but my microphone was off so
yeah I'm gonna still let you see that
fit then you'll come back here and I'm
gonna explain something else but just
check that out and ignore the no audio
all right now we have that Qbert
actually pulls up to my house right now
and what about yo and all my family is
here and I'm very excited because I
don't really get stars I feel sad
of course
of course everyone
oh yeah I'm diggin the sweatshirt yo
George
this is really cool like everything the
boomerang dog did really really good on
the head it was up for like 20 or
something like that so just play the
makers of the doll made like 24 of these
for you want to boy only really cool
people get the sign kit are you really
cool yeah would you like it your design
kit
oh I think our toughest girl
much much neater
oh boy oh boy millions of hours later I
am here at a hotel why not exactly the
reason why I'm at a hotel room though is
because tomorrow I am doing this event
down at Hollywood an island in Los
Angeles California so you'll be pretty
cool I get to be 500 fans I'm super
excited with that I was doing it hanging
out of the slide box daily tomorrow so
that should be really fun
I love that the reason why I'm down here
is because I have rehearsal earlier in
the morning and instead of like driving
in the morning because who drives
oh I'm just standing out here at night
thinking I just like wake up and you
know just kinda like walk down and go
and whoa let me just say though this
week has literally been the week with I
would sleep like I can't even tell you
let me just tell you this it is 1257
right now and pay so they have a lot of
work I gotta do yet tonight not really I
mean kind of not really sorta I don't
know I just gotta do some YouTube work I
was spending on uploading this Friday
and Sunday instead of Saturday but now I
think I'm just gonna upload on Sunday
because of this Thursday night and uh
yeah oh boy but I'm just like you know
this week I kind of just gave up on
sleep you know it's been early mornings
late night v is filming part of this
vlog I have messed up so many time so
I'm gonna let you guys see all the times
on him that's not right now enjoy please
not a thing right now but that's okay
because next week I'm going to sleep I
am making it a priority to sleep laxman
I am making it I messed up so many words
miss
literally just happened so clearly I
have died so I'm gonna be wrapping it up
for the night they get so judges was
like I will what I will
