look at how many of those I have Oh that
feature is actually so amazing I don't
even think you know it was so delicious
I had like five years of it so we don't
need to talk about that though but Zoe
no we do need to talk about I'm gonna
sit down cuz this conversation is
actually gonna take a small little
minute I was gonna say guys good I am
just so delighted here that today we
have a huge weight huge Brotherhood in
front of us let me explain so I have a
house in Omaha Nebraska where I'm
originally from in that house I have in
my bedroom a wall fill the Bose check it
out flashback yes flashback yes I know I
was a baby in that video and yes I don't
know why voices on internet but on the
bright side I did post a video reacting
to my old YouTube videos and maybe
Joseph Avery just so well go check that
out right now all over the link down in
the description to go to my main channel
you guys can check that video right now
my mom is actually creating a Bo wall in
California got a new camera today's
pretty epic way you want to see yourself
okay well and I'll show you yourself
let's go find a mirror let's go find a
mere we're going to find a mirror oh is
that camera I love it so much it's so
beautiful so my mom is currently working
on the bow things but let's check you
with her mom what are you doing it must
be at work I touch it I wanted to vlog
it first so let me do that so that you
can actually do more things look at how
many of those I have this is actually
insane these are only Jojo most
attentively all my bows are dredger bows
but these are the only official tags
Georgia boys that I own my gender bows I
actually think we should count them once
they're done and see how many I have I
don't know what you how many bows you
think I have I'm gonna guess carry
around a thousand I would think it's
mommy do you get mom Bobo how many are
you gonna go wobble well that's actually
pretty big guys oh wait
alright here's the thing I've no clue
what this pretty looks like because I'm
using my flashlight and I can't see the
back of my camera but anyways a look at
my backyard right now whatever happen to
it literally the tree broke and the
reason on why it broke is because we
actually have been getting like kind of
a bad storm is I guess that you could
call it in California right now is it
really rain
and windy and so yeah that happened in
my dad yarn I've never had a trade might
break in my house literally in like ever
14 years how am I never like literally I
don't get it looking at you they're
getting along we've done three guys well
 she's okay she's going she's done
three galleries I've been giving the
moral support but we actually we're
gonna make a run to the store now
because huh yep we're not gonna have
enough revenue Michaels we shall go
izabel heaven but I'm gonna go on a hunt
to see him Michael says Jojo having
found joking or yep I did find Jaden
also if you didn't know who Jaden was
it's not gonna propel agenda sanction
what am I really good friends dating and
she is like she did like a photo shoot
for that I guess but I'm still looking
for some Jojo Murr not gonna lie it's
kind of sad they don't Joe somewhere
chair okay let's confront my mom again
mark oh oh oh I heard her somewhere
Marco founder they uh they don't have
Jojo merch so they're like a kind book
or a poster or something don't have
anything you know they're whoo that's
giving the inspiration for a video I
should do bathtub full of Jojo bo slime
that video that'd be fun excuse you what
are you are those fake Jojo books think
we found something Georgia Bo's folks 20
minutes later I scream at Menzies
where's my cell phone here Oh toasty
marshmallows toppings on a big part of
what I end up getting oh my god minami a
delicious ballad love is zoom so much I
don't think that way we are back home
and a jam is going and chat on these
little things but look at this you need
so many so far we got green and yellow
we got blue we got red we got still we
got all the things jazz you are nailing
it Hilda my plan was actually put them
in my room like right here behind my
door on like next to my TV but then I'm
sayin I was like you know then it was
actually kind of small like I'd have a
lot of boats so now is we are going to
be putting them out yeah right on that
wall which is big I'm so excited so okay
I don't have my stick on my camera now
suppose a little awkward look at that it
is literally beautiful I can't even tell
you how pretty that is
so now how am I see you downstairs in
like three times that I'm gonna explain
what's going on so three seconds let it
bro
downstairs and downstairs I am Blue Room
kitchen it's going Everly is going great
elite that is not a word but I'm gonna
just go with it I got my inspiration
from Khloe Kardashian actually who did
this to her panting she does like these
lofts not your pantry but we did get our
pantry as well but she did something
with cookie jars when she puts Oreos in
them and they look really cute so today
I convinced my mom at the store to let
me buy these things and I had Oreos post
minute to make these of course Double
Stuf Oreos because what other kind of
Oreos are there even technically I guess
in Tori within and those are delicious
but the don't have ones they're Double
Stuf you can't go wrong with them
basically like swirl them up art I've
actually very intensive this I had
convinced obligated to was just gonna
want to get wider than I come on do they
look pretty she's like yeah
Oh
would you like it no bones I'm sorry you
can't have any chocolate but I still
love you
she's like I know you from yesterday's
vlog that I told you the eyes would be
opening up the rest of these awesome
presents like yesterday open up this on
right Bobo right mommy yeah that was
definitely not me talk about the camera
I don't know what you're talking about
but anyways I was explaining to you that
I was going to be explaining to you
today on today's like how you can win
this and the rest of the prizes but I am
going to be telling you that I just was
like so yes kind of it away I tricked
you by the way I kind of did not trick
you because you got to watch this whole
awesome vlog is not my dad and brother
to vlog today I know my mom is that
crazy oh yeah she knows are gonna be
able to use like that I haven't seen
their footage yet so I don't know what
this looks like you might be seeing that
you might have you seen that depending
on what it looks like but uh but if they
did here it is and if they didn't hear
something else what they did I I don't
even know if this is happening all info
so check it out or maybe don't check it
out
just so you know this was not my idea I
tried to talk them out of it
no way last one I think you went for we
did the wings one meanwhile look at the
dog that's you look George over right
now it is actually shoes I need one
other cool Jojo birches do we have oh oh
no I got no right bones
this ain't active neighbors over there
we got a shirt that we found at Target
toothbrushes my Miata where I found this
is a one-of-a-kind one-of-a-kind I found
it at Target but I've never seen it
anyplace else found it now looks like it
would be your bag and I was like well
let's check it it was like it is your
bag that's like oh yeah Jojo tray tables
was that we have Jenner's stickers oh my
mom's obsessed with the stickers gal
knickknacks all the little bows oh those
leather shoe boxes right there how cute
are those and those are the shoes
there's two different kinds of Cuba
description box oh my shoe chart Thanks
so many cool oh my goodness you guys I
just got done filming a video for my
main channel and I reacted to baby
George of it is the thing is is I
actually didn't react to like that many
I reacted like photos and videos I don't
know there's a little like weird I might
end up refill me in the morning but I
wanted to get it done tonight so then I
at least have the option of using this
so I don't have to film in the morning
because technically tomorrow is
Wednesday and what am I gonna do it
buddy came from my own but anyways it is
late at night is about 11:10 and I have
a very early call town tomorrow so I'm
gonna be hanging up on you guys thank
you for joining on this vlog Durning
thank you for joining me thank you for
staying this 5:00 you made it this far
hmm what could you do oh wait Joe's
outing lip sync battle Shorty's is
airing this Friday January 12th on
Nickelodeon at 7:30 I believe boom right
there you guys I'm doing a contest on my
issue of kind of contest kind of a thing
but I'm doing this they watch show so I
was lifting video that they create every
single day with the hashtag Alice vs
Jojo and that is the person right there
that I'm sharing today hi oh and oh you
guys that is all that happy today make
sure you check out my Instagram right
naps it into that contest and get ready
for lifting battle Shorty's coming to
you this Friday January 12 I believe
7:30 at 7:30 my time that's what my TV
says but it might be different year time
so make sure you check that out but
that's all I got for you guys thank you
for watching this vlog and I will see
you guys tomorrow bye
