yeah there's a dial they will have to go
today guys good I am just so glad to
you're welcome for that little zoom
singing compilation Bobo how is it going
today do you like your new haircut
why only kinda okay but what the thing
is is I know that you're very short but
if it's supposed to be short because a
it's just gonna grab longer and be it's
hot in California okay well I'm glad to
hear that you love it anyways you guys
your day
we haven't basically nothing on the
agenda I know right it's another first I
had like three days off it's the first
today though I did have this meeting
over at Paramount and it was so good as
so fun I got to meet with the head of
the paramount Network which was really
cool they were super nice they brought
their little kiddos it was really fun so
I got some really fun things planned
with that I got some really fun things
with Nickelodeon you guys are not even
ready for 2018 it's gonna be the best
year ever
oh yeah don't you remember this right
now I'm gonna be bringing you up to
speed right now so a couple of days ago
I was over at Colleen ballinger house
she was having a Christmas party with
all her family and a couple of her
friends and I was able to go and she
invited me and I'm super excited we did
a white elephant while we're over there
so now if you watch that you know that I
won this really cool claw machine but if
you do not remember that check it out
what happened to guys I set up the claw
machine and it looks so cool
they put somebody up with some sparkly
things up with some Smarties and I put
some bubble gum and then the fake horns
aren't there but I'm in it because I'm
gonna clean this kitchen banana and
peanut butter and honey embarrass and
fine whatever it's gonna be good right
now I just did love the bazoom that's
really all it is you guys have know over
December I did this huge thing I was
doing 24 days to get wise and then I
just got and all my family came out and
that's literally what happened and I
just I had to go to bed at night and I
forgot to do the giveaways and that's
literally how it happened I was like you
know what pause postponed I'm finishing
the giveaways later and now is that
later yeah
you guys what is gonna happen with these
giveaways let me quickly explain the
opening it's a bad boy which I'm
actually so excited but I'm gonna be
opening the rest of these on camera for
you guys to morrow and I'm sorry tonight
knowledge I'm going to explain how you
can win these giveaways in tomorrow's
vlog so be ready for that but without
any other do I'm actually so excited for
what's in here I don't know what it is
but it's one of the biggest I'll just
next to this on as long as the tallest
but this one wow I'm excited like
alright here we go first of all you got
this big old boat could be used as a
belt it could be used as a like head pin
if you wrapped it a couple times or
pieces a lot of things that could be
used as a very long necklace I don't
know get creative so yeah here we go
here we go oh my gosh you guys look at
this okay this is not where we come in
with Korean look on top of this box and
look it I'm gonna move some of the
things that are in here there's even
think there's things inside of you look
at it oh my gosh it's just Jojo merge
all the way just the bottom look at that
there's literally Jojo much what this is
crazy
I can't even wait what's it hearing I
know it's in here no I got know
everything that's in here yeah but oh
these are all jojo pose in here whoa so
this is like a Jojo mega prize pack oh
there's I feel like there's only one of
every single Joey watch of purse a
backpack ugh Halloween costume a t-shirt
a cup of oh look at this you can get the
bow maker you can get that come on I've
got clothes you can get that my life
doll there's a lot of things arms job
damn back in here and I'm really going
through more of this into mod walk so be
ready for that but now
meanwhile okay so we're heading out to
the outlets right now to see if I have
any any cool clothes my dad did want
some very nice sunglasses for a drive to
California I thought I'd surprise him
and get him a nice little gift so you
think I like those feelings Buddhist you
got your present today to drive out
check those bad boys out do you like how
they look really good you like them yeah
I love them juice table today
yeah today thanks buddy I know but hi
okay what are you what you doing I have
to change into some Jojo pajamas because
that is a good good can I help you
let's change into some Jojo pajamas
because that's the best right at an item
i right oh yeah you guys have daddy's a
much better turnout I got a knock Jojo
pajama shirt on and I got some pants on
oh there's so much I'll see you tomorrow
