good I am just so delighted and Jordan
are you delighted enjoy to hear that pop
up alright crickets I can tell she is so
delighted enjoy to hear that anybody
guys today we have a full day ahead of
us planned of nothing literally nothing
I mean they'll come along with me and
you will see a world of pure imagination
because that is literally what my brain
is it is just straight-up imagination
but anyway today like I was saying day
filled with nothing but I'm going to
make something out of it because I am a
daily blog blogger I just got this new
camera and actually it's wall Titan is
on new camera taking on my old camera my
big camera but I got a new lens right
because ever you knew my lens broke
because I dropped it it zooms it now
that's really fun it is this is
literally me all day vlog edit just and
I was gonna say I'm losing battle
Shorty's is actually premiering if you
don't know lip sync battle Shorty's is
it's my new TV show on Nickelodeon I
co-hosted with Nick Cannon is basically
like the big show lip sync battle I am
so in love with the zoom on this camera
I really do need to be done with the
zoom though but it's like the real show
lip sync battle except for it's all kids
that is gonna be on Nickelodeon it's
airing January 12th which I'm so excited
for all leading up to lip sync battle
shorty eye on my Instagram did a little
thing I guess is what you could call it
and there's a little thing that I did
what I'm gonna be posing to lip sync
videos a day and one picture I do the
pitcher thing doesn't really matter you
don't even really talk about that so
many posing a couple lip sync videos a
day and I'm doing this thing hashtag LSB
s Jojo and I would be thinking some of
your guys's lip sync videos that you
have shy with that hashtag you know I'm
gonna beat you them on the blog boom
right there that's the video that I did
today that's one of the videos that I
did today
there's like a little contest I think my
dog is going to the bathroom right now
she's not going on her pad little much
again what'd you just do
what'd you just do what boo-boo yes you
did you wait to the pathway you're not
supposed to go to the bathroom no but
you did go to the bathroom and I'm gonna
have to clean that up later so thank you
okay now she's trying to get my
microphone out anyways I'll deal with
that later see what she's doing what are
you laughing about over yeah we treat
you live arbitrary I want to show you
guys our pantry first I don't think I've
ever taken you and I've had you before
but it used to be a hot mess so
basically our pantry used to look like
your dad that is not our exact page with
us but that's pretty much what I look
like it was like a hot fudge but now
I'll get our banjo you ready for this we
got mac and cheese where you got chips
we got sauces we got more chips we got
cereal we have everything in here it is
just so cool and everything is labeled
like look at this we got all the labels
on there and then too we got all the
labels on there and it's just epic and I
am just in love and I have never ate so
much in my life before
okay now go easy Kim's house again by
the way Kim is my best friend Halle from
Nebraska that's her mom okay here we go
over organized
I'm a menace I am copy yeah yeah I
actually love that we have inspired
people to do that so you guys wait I'm
challenging you if your parents watching
this right now I challenge you to make
your pantry look like our pantry like
seriously this is actually amazing so uh
make sure you hashtag a jojo's pantry to
pantry pictures and I just drilled on my
face and - we got a little kid or I
think these are for you like take and
then you're okay okay okay no chocolate
oh do not expect what do you think I'm
making I think you're actually having so
much better at this zoom thing like I
don't think you know it's actually
raising washes so I had the judge room
and I can give him a week do you are
I could hmm oh no these people watching
us right now they're not subscribed so I
don't know if I should I think you
should be a contest for early
subscribers what do you think oh yeah
baby oh so good see you guys then you
could have a chance to win one of my new
books I will explain how you can win
later in the vlog right now guess Robin
moved into this house like literally
Brian like come on she said I was like
gasps and she's really happy yeah that's
good by the first things first I am
going to obviously take her ponytail out
should we brush it out first she loves
getting her hair brushed I already watch
us put your neck up show them how you
like your neck done she literally will
go like this and I'll have to brush out
her neck it's big yeah no don't eat it
don't eat it no your hair is not a
Baroni boho look you know which I'm
cutting off I want to make these good
times laughs see my hair like that
Oh stay here I do nothing if you like
getting your hair cut so Sarge how much
I've got all very well
no I have my mom try to do it to hurt
you don't like it no you cannot do it
now you're trying too hard
let me just do a little piece can I just
do a little piece yep come on bones just
let me get my mover so she can't see Joe
don't watch how she breaks out I justify
this move or this say oh come on come on
where's Jim Joe where's Joe job if I put
her where she can see Joe Joe slowly
over here so good right now she's just
laying here she's letting me cut it
she's actually love again honestly it's
probably feel better for her because she
has so much hair like she how'd it get
hot under all that girl I have to cut
your belly a little okay oh I know how
you let me I give you a little bit
massaged my job literally loves big
brush now this is the funniest thing I
have encountered belly hairs a little
bit because they're back yeah be long in
her back to be short Jew literally just
feeling so bad right now
yeah Judah literally feels so much
lighter right now like it's beard like
that this much hair before they make a
difference but it actually like it John
is like that's a body
also to to get all like the extra tiny
hairs that would be left on her body
just close your eyes just look at how
cute she looks it's time to give her a
little bonus and stuff but just a
friendly reminder do not do that at home
you guys I actually I had a professional
groomer off-camera you didn't want to be
on camera by I had a professional group
over here supervising my literal every
single minute so please not do that at
home but you guys look at how cute that
little mom's gone down there I'm just
really in love with the same thing and
it just gives me something to zoom in on
Zahav going oh my gosh
me and the zoom thing it's I'm starting
to get annoyed that I can't imagine you
guys hey mom I know it's late at night
but I'm loving it I know I said that is
all right but I seriously love this what
would you love the zoom yeah that
definitely was not me barging behind the
camera I don't know whites expect that a
few moments later all right friends I'm
actually in my closet right now because
my room is sort of kind of a mess so I
gotta clean it up quickly but anyways
that's a valve on the dad love again so
much save you for watching this vlog and
make sure if you liked it - give it a
big thumbs up why do I keep saying
thumbs up on the fly it's the hot
supposed to be a thumbs up I just like
the zoom in so give it a thumbs up if
you like to zoom in like I do how do we
know that was a bad one today I love you
guys so so so much thank you for
watching this info log makes you feel
like to use the blue line here's the
thing I know these voice have been a
little short little Ivies past only
three or four days hype oh boy you're
joining the fun but anyways umm I know
these vlogs have been a little bit short
and a little bit different because it's
honestly been I've literally just been
home all these days and pretty much
doing nothing but tomorrow is like my
first day back at doing things I had
like a little time off and I was like I
gots to upload content for you guys
every single day because like that is a
wrap of our today I love you guys so
much and I will see you guys tomorrow
peace bye whoa wait okay okay the vlog
is actually technically not over yet
baby ended up making this sandwich today
he honestly I'm gonna be 100% ours to do
he really tried to film this like four
times five times and uh out of those
five I ended up making it into one let's
check that out you guys your daughter's
ready for the bloopers for this it's the
funniest thing ever I hope with us in
another separate video when I released
my next
you're you're really not even ready for
it but check out the sandwich that he
made or his fourth thought check it out
we're gonna make today is grilled pizza
sandwiches bread mozzarella cheese
pepperonis sour sauce cumin a little bit
of sauce on it then we're gonna take the
pepperonis we're gonna take some cheese
I'm gonna take our other slice of bread
put the sauce right on top you're like
wow this doesn't look that good so we're
gonna do is we're using a waffle maker
I'm gonna put it right in the center
smush it down they're gonna cook it till
it's golden brown for the nights I love
you guys so much makes you something I'd
be a waiter and if you are as a waiter
you're awesome you're confident you are
powerful you believe you believe in
everyone you love everyone you love
yourself all the things in the book
anyways let's wrap up all today let me
get so much and I'll see you tomorrow
piece by E it's a crazy crazy crazy but
they serve you with drama I won't play
it play it play it I just do what I
wanna
