good I am just so delighted to hear that
do you know that you guys your day was
it because the days already happened
literally but so the thing is is I was
like you know I'm gonna narrate the day
so only you guys wants me to let you
know what has all happened today and it
was let me tell you uh printed right day
already I'm in some holiday clothes and
I will tell you why I'm in holiday
clothes after I tell you what's going on
right now off but anyways you guys the
first thing that I did today is I went
to a movie premiere for Paddington 2 and
Bobo came it was her first movie
premiere that she's ever been to knows
the cutest thing it was her first carpet
ever it's just just just check it out
and you'll see what I'm saying guys but
not like 20 million movie premiere but
it's Bobo's moving from where are you
excited
wait this is what was not even fun
moving forward to first carpet that's
also where you're gonna she's a little
camera-shy
you guys but where's this big so Q right
now but we should give him a little
outfit of the day she's got her Jojo but
she's got a little bomber she got a
little t-shirt on this is the church she
wore and hold the drama but anyways a
meeting moments were about two old as a
pair
the bantington bear we're in the movie
for me up her Paddington hiding in to do
well was are you happy
you guys ever on that carpet am i right
so you guys literally came back here I
didn't up and then I changed you put on
my holiday outfit because I went to the
Christmas party over at the Ballinger
now you might be like Jojo why why are
you celebrating Christmas after
Christmas and that's because all their
family ended up being sick on Christmas
and so then they have a little Christmas
after didn't bite me to go it was
awesome we had white elephant the kids
gave us a concert so I got some footage
of that and you guys are actually gonna
enjoy this it's hilarious Parker was
being the cutest thing ever but just
check it out elephants I ended up with
the kalam
you got an airbrush machine though I'm
like impressed but it's really cool I
got the flow machine
oh yeah my vibe uh I got a baby you want
to hold the camera okay
he's trying to why you look so mad look
at the little baby there's like what is
going on right now why is this child
holding me unit spoon
take Nobel tangles out on the first day
of Christmas my true love's Adobe
Oh
today was a really fun day but kind of
uneventful like things took place but
like oh they took like a lot of times
that make sense so that is all that
happy today makes you come back here
tomorrow because I have a thing that was
really hard I had to switch my hands on
the camera that was very difficult
simulator because humans are the best
you guys you guys are strong you are
confident you were powerful you believe
in yourselves you are awesome you are
perfect you are smart you are
okay I'm adding on too many things
mainly you believe in yourselves and you
believe in everyone but that's all I got
for you today make sure you give this
video thumbs up if you like short vlog
so I give it a thumbs up just give it a
thumbs up I don't know why I'm telling
you give it a thumbs up I'd never say
that I'm vlogging but that's why I have
you today thank you for watching and I
will see you guys tomorrow
peace bye
