okay Bobo I understand that you wouldn't
an investment Bulls live let's go come
on
you guys we're starting this day off of
right at Target because every single a
good day starts off right at our um all
right and I can't my youtube colors wait
for this you ready I got my youtube
shirt on I got my YouTube other shirt on
and and and I got my YouTube dogs on Oh
anyways you guys check this out look at
all of their Jojo merge that they have
in target they got a ton of bows they
got tons of different hats I mean it is
just a great day and we were getting
this day started off of right so I'm
good morning see when a ders how's it
going today guys good no I'm so
delighted to hear that troll are you
delighted to hear that yes I am oh okay
that kind of sounds like Bill was but I
don't know who made that noise I don't
know we were gonna go on a mission for
mojo George in case you guys cared they
didn't have the dance again stuff looted
we can't find it anywhere neither a all
sold out everywhere or be it not put out
yeah hey but we did find a bank that we
didn't even know about oh yeah we did
check it out look at this we got this
Jojo merge bag don't know about this bag
and never seen this bag on any of the
lists unless there's list that they
haven't sent us yet but we found a cool
new Georgia Ridge bag oh and also two
we're buying bows we bought this little
bow this little star but this little
secret Evo we want lots of joder bows
because hey two turbos are our favorite
right mom my favorite oh yeah here's the
situation we are back at home and we are
becoming that house that is actually
over there organized and now my friend
is not by this is currently what our
house looks like right now Christmas
aftermath boxes and dance for aftermath
March Rockets at all and we even have a
really cool dog Bobo's what are you
wearing right now it's fine without it
so what I mean by when we are becoming
the organizers really crazily organized
now so basically this is our pantry
right now we're gonna make the whole
thing look like this
so everything's gonna be like tubs
containers so we literally we bought so
many of these things like look at this
we literally bought tons of these little
tub things that's all those are she
ordered more like literally so many
things but what do we have to do mom
so we have to go back to Target but
we're gonna go to a different target to
go on my jojomo chime in the meantime my
mom bought all of these Jojo stickers on
lights like those are those stickers I
get when you go to like the doctor's
officer the dentist or something and she
found him online and ordered like 200 of
them this lady came into my husband my
husband's a chiropractor was the
chiropractor not California doubt and
was saying that she worked at a doctor's
office they had Jojo stickers and that
my husband should get Jojo stickers for
his office for his patient but not
knowing that I was kidding I got knowing
that Jojo was leaving his kid it was
like the craziest thing and we didn't
even know these JoJo's stickers existed
typicall typicall typicall I didn't you
didn't know or didn't know one did
another thing is my mom was so mad at me
at the store because I could at this I
don't marshmallows I wanted I was
debating between like the normal size
the medium size and then the jumbo jumbo
size and I ended up going with it Hiba
sizes but she guys at what size did you
end up with freedom I had all three my
car she was what one did you end up with
and I go oh the big big ones I saw that
I had some getting them big big ones and
I got the little little ones but look at
how big these things are marshmallows
you want a marshmallow try get your
marshmallow she wants a marshmallow yeah
got it
look yeah you want a marshmallow let's
see she'll take it oh that okay she's on
the run oh she dropped it Oh is she
gonna get it okay I'm gonna take it then
oh you're on the back are you gonna get
it how you gonna get it home give me a
high five okay close enough by this dog
is literally obsessed with this giant
white shell it's as big as your head
Bobo's how are you getting that
oh I'm sorry she doesn't want to talk
right now because you my gosh if your
phone was venting you're watching this
please stop watching us but this is the
cutest thing you haven't let I try to
get it off your tongue and energy are
you good you want it you're okay get it
I think both was cute but what do you
think
to finish in to go to target it's
because I think you get all this done
and then tomorrow and the other stuff
comes I can just dump it I think that
sounds like a plan
that sound like a plan buzzing what are
you doing lacking foundation I pop over
to target and she's doesn't want a
partnership bubble what are you doing
what is wrong with you can I fix it for
you please I already met Sammy and Bo
Bo's we're actually on the move at
Target we're gonna go on a mission for
some children which I think there's some
student areas behind me somewhere yeah
are you all right they're a little shy
right now but Miyamoto's we're gonna go
upstairs because we've gotta go on a
mission for some Jo Jo March isn't that
right Bo Bo's huh oh yeah we're going on
a mission for some Jojo Moyes I'm
excited the other time you didn't have
it so we're gonna try this char you and
hopefully not this target has it
I think Bobo loves coming to Target do
you love coming to Target Bobo okay you
do love target can we go upstairs no
we're trying to go find Jojo much not
hats and scarves I say we go find some
Jojo moisture on bulbs
all righty friends so we got upstairs
and we're currently about to go on a
mission for some Jojo much here Bobo's
are you excited huh I really want to
find the damn skin line I haven't found
it anywhere yet we've had people find it
almost everywhere but we just can't find
it so I'm feeling it today is my day I'm
just trying to get Bobo to talk shit
she's not in the mood to talk right now
oh but he is on the road to say hello I
heard your voice and I guess there's a
lot of things I would love in this room
but three of them are my dog meeting you
guys oh maybe four of them my family and
of course finding George and look what I
just found
I just literally found a hole and gap of
tons of Georgia which I mean who are you
no no no there we go okay now it's only
total merge look at this though they got
bows they think I'm babies they got
gloves they got everything this is sweet
all right so I'm not gonna lie some of
the times I come to Target today I
haven't at all but I come here and I
kind of set it up a little like put my
mochi like once the same spot but I
actually have not done that look at how
cool this display is it's actually
awesome it's like top to bottom you guys
don't know my favorite thing about
vlogging and target is how many people
end up staring
it's great subscribe I know Bubba was
just telling you herself but look at
this she found herself a little friend
Bobo deal of bullseye yeah you love
bullseye bullseye your friend yeah Bobo
would literally just jumped up here and
she's loving bullseye right now I don't
know what it is she loves them all right
Bobo come on we gotta go okay but I get
that you just met a new friend bullseye
but we've gotta go hi
thank you brother let's go you guys
literally Bobo came back here she wants
to play bull's eye I was trying to walk
the other way but look at her she wants
to come back up here mr. nadir yeah are
you a Bobo nadir yeah what's your name
Anna and you're buying a Jojo Bo right
now did you know I was gonna be here no
you just did you know Bobo is gonna be
here okay you just came and you're
buying Joe DuBose today I love it okay
what are you gonna get I'm pretty
unicorn boy that Unicorn I love that
Unicorn oh that's a good one that's a
good one you want to give yourself a
shout-out or anything yeah okay Bobo I
understand that you love bull's-eyes so
much but we really do have to go come on
let's go later
come on time to go home come on Bobo's
she just wants to dating I would
bullseye I don't even know what to do
Bobo I understand that you found a new
bedroom bullseye but we gotta go come on
hey that can be the intro but lemon do
it one more time when it's in focus okay
Bobo I understand that you wouldn't pay
an investment bullseye but we really
both come on we got to go let's go come
on okay Bobo's I'm leaving without you
bye Bobo she doesn't even care
she doesn't even care Bobo I'm leaving
without your mom all obvious she wants a
hug your mom look at she met her new
best friend bullseye
I am Joe Terzi Oh what's your name
Armando nice to meet you say how'd my
vlog yeah I've almost blood come on
let's go to jog it let's go to Target
we're in target Bobo you like Target my
dog literally she literally loves Target
I love that little girl she's a baby see
you inator over there what was you a
phony target okay okay you owe me a
parent okay go be a parent she likes to
crawl up my shoulder like this hey you
two always blood subscribe right now bye
you guys what our target journey is
actually coming to an end right now
right Bobo so I'll see you guys back in
the house oh my goodness you guys know
what a night I had so I'm wearing a hood
because I just had a rish our arty
shouted at a ring power but um the
reason why I had to be shot cuz I filmed
the video for my main channel that
actually ended up staining my fingers
pink and my hands and actually my whole
body but I scrubbed the life out of my
body tonight because I literally it was
pink
it was fun but in a bathtub full with
Jojo bath bombs it was really cool
saying I should check out it's on my
main channel right now I will put the
link to my main channel down in the
description you guys should double check
it out we've gained like 15,000
subscribers today on this channel so
boom subscribe right now I think we've
gained like 10,000 on that challenge day
so boom go subscribe to my main channel
right now okay I look like a mess I have
to put this room back up I'm gonna end
this vlog out here because I'm gonna go
to night nights I'm so excited for
tomorrow but anyways you guys I love you
make sure you something I make you be a
seminary because steam inators are
awesome they are the best and um they're
just amazing and you guys are just
amazing and I love Co Nader's and you
guys are just the coolest people ever so
keep that in mind when you're ever
you're having a bad day and you're just
you're human ater what were you having a
good Nikki that might you
crazy crazy when they serve you with
drama I won't play it play it play it I
just do what I wanna
