you guys here we go everybody was out of
this entitled but that guy's good I am
just so happy so delighted and so joy to
hear that come anyways you guys today
literally nothing and gone on today the
only thing craziness going on today's
I'm wearing a shirt that I've never won
before it today is a day to be different
and that is what I wanted to do but I'm
also still wearing the same pants that I
looked really wear every single day and
we'll wait another thing that's a little
mind-blowing for me is over again I
don't know what to say to Liz if you
look at my closet at my shoes you will
see that they're literally all high-top
look what I'm wearing today I have low
tops on you can see my ankle
what I like just got these low tops and
so I really wanted to wear that and
that's just that's really why I'm
worried though today's up whatever rules
ignore it I always come along with me on
this adventure as we walk downstairs my
mom is currently cooking us dinner it is
actually it's 6 o'clock at night right
now we've the literally done nothing
today which is why I haven't really
blogged anything because there was
really nothing to vlog but I didn't know
that tonight is going to be a great
night oh yes today it's gonna be a great
night
oh wait I wanna tell him I haven't got
to tell him what happened mummy is sure
but whatever you want
guess what guess what I haven't you guys
I I i had the vet came over and i had a
vet appointment kind of like a doctor's
appointment but he was a vet because
he's a doctor for animals and I showed
them my pillow and they were really
excited to see that I have my own pillow
because I'm Bobo hey guys mozzie
something cool look at that my stroller
I have a stroller do you have a stroller
ok but well that's enough talk about
your stroller let's go do a Jess is
doing ok when we wash yo Jess but let's
see what Jess is doing she is currently
cooking us up some food we got something
in the oven here we got a little she
makes this thing do you really hot chili
amazing thing and it's like a little
casserole think it's called chicken to
broccoli and it's like a broccoli Larry
knows where this special sauce will air
cheese Alera French onion thing is
allergies
there's a lot of layers not it but it's
show it it's literally my favorite meal
and it's Bobo's favorite meal yes guys
it is my favorite meal I love it so much
it's so good it's so good both boys just
really into the vlogging mood today you
guys I don't know what it is
check out that me all you guys it is
actually the best thing ever we're gonna
go meet we're gonna go watch some TMZ it
looks like we got some good foods oh boy
in my exam
so check this out I already got the
bubble bath filled up I like it when she
does bow vents and she likes it too when
there's a whole bunch of bubbles on the
bubble bath so I don't really know if
you can tell but look at all the bubbles
that are in her bubble baths are you
excited yes yours that room boy some
bubbles yes I do love it it's so
relaxing and oh
you guys why don't you just think
everyone shoes are what like doesn't
look at that little bitch
this actually then actually proves you
guys out tiny she actually is like we
got a little chicken nugget look I got
no doubt excuse me we don't do that do
we get your head guys this death was
really cool but not really cold
oh she's gonna love this
let your ride in the car
is your hair all dry now her hair is so
fluffy and vacuuming so curly I don't
understand why I'm driving up here with
its super girly in the back I don't know
you need you to zoom in ever more you
guys do you see how cute this is like
are you see what I'm saying right now
look at my little dog Oh Bobo you are
the cutest thing ever
look at her need a little robe robe robe
you're such a good girl bubble that time
Bobo's did you have fun all right no
comment you guys how did I get stuck
with literally the world's get as dogs
like and that it's not cute I honestly I
don't know what like that is seriously
the most adorable thing ever
Bobo's did you like bubble bath time you
guys are bought both with these little
miniature actual pepperonis and she gets
so excited for them are you all ready
for this I also - she hasn't moved from
the ledge of the couch but lookit you
want a pepperoni you actually have to
come on oh yeah you came over the day
you go there just your size yeah she
would've ever oh did you get out all the
pepperoni that I have in my hand because
you're a good girl high-five
Wow all right whatever I won't you guys
I've it's it's fine we don't need to
worry about it you guys check it out I
got my helmet on I got my
just look at little candies we got we
got my wife absorb thingies we got sweat
pants now we got two little dancing
skirts and that was awesome
mr. Gus comes over and remember not just
how to say it banana
oh god my kid we got Go Go Cooper first
you're not sponsored and maple baby what
I do love it you guys guess if you know
me you know I knew stop saying you guys
but if you know me you know that I love
meeting my fans I love me to use you
inators it's actually like one of my
favorite things ever and I actually
decided like two days ago that I was
gonna film some of the fans that I met
and you know I actually I have not left
my house for about three days but it's
okay we don't need to worry about that
but we do need to worry about is I'm
gonna show you some of the fans that I
met if you ever see me in public do not
be shy come up say I asked to be my vlog
what ever you want to do and if you're
wearing Jojo much better what your
children would every day because if I
see you and I see with Jojo is all the
I's kids so excited so makes you're
wearing your Joe too much every day yep
you can see weirder because you know
Sooners are awesome
come back with a boomerang
lots of pictures everywhere lots of
pictures you guys here's something
pretty cool my brother is becoming a
vlogger anyways you've logged a little
bit today half of his footage was in
focus and a half of it wasn't in fuckas
I just got done watching it so there's
only a couple of clothes but still check
it out it is Jayden Here I am packing up
all of my stuff today let's say what I'm
gonna be packing is I'm packing all of
my shoes I love all my shoes and I have
so many pairs but now I have to decide
which one to take and which ones to
leave here I'm gonna be done blogging
for the day I love you guys so much Bobo
do you love them so much anyways guys
that's all I have you today thank you
for watching this vlog thank you for
joining me on this very fun adventure of
a day of literally nothing except from
wearing low tops for the first time ever
Wow
hi guys love you so much make sure you
subscribe you see we're here to join the
family and uh I love you guys so much
and I'll see tomorrow peace bye
