I wouldn't tell you guys how excited I
am for what I just bought
you guys I'm just so delighted and happy
you that you guys so anyways I'll just
be today because if you cannot tell it
is late outside look if you look back
there you'll see that it's dark outside
but anyways you guys um what happens
that and when I say a lot I mean pretty
much nothing before you get started I
wouldn't tell you guys how excited I am
for what I just bought
I don't think you're ready is dying both
ends right here and I'm going to get to
that in a second but but just learn you
guys like 250 fees imma be useless for
performances event and I'm even gonna be
using in the vlogs because why not baby
you guys I wanna tell you how cool I
think it is that I can put your image
inside of a merchandise rocket and have
my own Jojo merchandise Robin and
patrols whenever should I have all these
shows back up and I'm gonna put them
back in my merchandise rocket I'm going
to explain to you what here's a bunch of
that drug would be really really cool
and don't get me wrong it is really
really cool
what's the fun in doing what everyone
else does I mean I think it's fun to do
that make me this a jojoba enjoy
relegate it looks exactly like my
clothes and it even has the tag on it
you guys it is official but check this
down there's a bow thing actually goes
on top of this rocket and it looks like
this so you guys it's like a disguise
merchandise right
the coolest thing ever and I love it so
much I don't even think it up and
literally it came in the mail this
morning and I was so excited it was like
9 a.m. I was running downstairs I was
like literally that's going on with this
little cool bow thingy I am going to
bring you up to speed on what actually
happened to Daddy
you guys know my brother actually ended
up breaking me yesterday what time if
you bring me house and your bed you
already know that so hi boys I bring him
back early this morning before his
flight actually ended up taking off so I
check it out she took her money good
it's pretty fake money out of everywhere
do these little like explosion things in
my room it was so loud leave for the
airport now I'm sad but where did the
airport I was in my pajamas it was it
was great but I didn't film anything I'm
sorry I love you so excited because I
finally got to play basketball
haven't played basketball in like two
days outside sup check out a really cool
time lapse in a little bit of me talking
before I play bass what was it doesn't
matter just check it out you know you're
about to enjoy this little table from me
playing some basketball and Jimmy on to
the greatest show me and soundtrack I
actually love that movie so much hey I
work up a hearty juice hey I Transpo
what's up with your hair it is a pink
blue and purple and let me tell you what
is up with my hair and you guys the
thing that is on my hair is weight so if
you all is really cool don't you like
that song is out some of its not out
some of it's from the UK that we had
someone really nice send us how we got
all this stuff or we bought ourselves um
check it out you guys
they are not making this Jojo airbrush
color your hair just like Jojo styling
kit I don't know it's really cool it I
did right here today so check that out a
little my first time seeing this using
this but check it out you guys this is
actually my first time ever using this
thing I am so excited out of it then you
know I think I'm gonna do like rainbow
colors because that's like my outfit my
outfits like rainbow so let's do it
look at this it literally comes with all
these colors and they're like all match
my outfit perfectly damn gonna take my
bow out don't look 3 2 1
oh it's centered okay when you take the
sensor off okay now you can see I know
but I have to be able to like do cool
things to my hair so that's why I had to
take that thing out oh those little
thing comes with stencils so I think I'm
gonna use some of the stencils and I
think I'm just gonna also like free
later it too I'm gonna start off with
this little heart stencil and I think
you're just like oh no we're gonna find
out together I'm gonna start with hate
cuz it's my favorite color wow I thought
it was gonna be like different than that
okay so it looks like a marker honestly
I got it okay and like had to be twisted
then pushed in a little more than
twisted I don't know it was a little
complicated but I figured it out here we
go first one oh boy I just sprayed that
on me whatever it's fun
Wow that's actually so cool I like put a
shape in my head that's awesome I'll do
more
that thing is actually so cool I don't
know if you guys can see right now but
it looks really cool in the mirror I
love it
I actually like in love with this Davis
it's so cool oh you guys I swap colors I
put purple in it and I think I'm gonna
put some purple stars in my hair because
like why not boom looks sweet every
single time it's like so satisfying to
take a little thing off cuz I just look
so cool Braddock on this teal color I'm
not gonna do a stuns I'm just gonna kind
of like put it all over because like why
not you guys like I am loving this right
now how do you think you're doing this
is so cool let me put shapes in my head
like so now I have this little glitter
stuff this is not good with the little
hair kit but I just put some glitter
right here so that's what I'm gonna do
is just gonna put some pink on the pink
and then some purple on the purple and
then maybe even some blue on blue I
don't know why not what do I got to lose
blue on the blue because why not what
why would an eye I mean just little
strips of sparkles they I love sparkles
and they're my life so yeah you guys
look at this now I am colored and
sparkly hair is all I've ever wanted I
am in such love right now I don't think
you know Jojo that high half week that's
I don't know what I'm trying to say
actually looks amazing like I am like in
love with this like I didn't video dot I
seriously love this so you guys if you
wanna be like me and have some
millionaire yeah I know you can get this
thing for sure at Walmart I don't know
if it's sold anywhere else if I find out
before I post this video I'll put it in
the description but if I don't I know
you can get it at Walmart because that
is where I got it but I love you guys so
much and I that's all I have for you but
that's not all Jojo that you were
talking to a couple minutes ago has for
you so back at Jojo
are you guys welcome back to this Jojo
oh I forgot to tell you guys something
look at what we ordered online you guys
Jojo toothbrushes this is actually in
comparison to the underwear I love both
of these actually Friday all right
severe things Advisors and the other I'm
not gonna lie I love them so much
these are for baby teeth I have the girl
teeth and you did not know and so you're
gonna laugh when you see what I did with
these toothbrushes but I didn't saw what
you have a cannot you really you should
check it out so check it out alrighty I
this is a lot look like in the morning
we can just ignore it it's fine it's
actually currently four o'clock you guys
don't like like this but well that's not
the point the point is that I would
never show you guys mention my teeth
because like spinning brushing it is I
think every time I see something cool
like what but it's just it's just my
initial reaction like I just I love it
so check this out I got have Jojo
toothbrushes now they sell these at five
below I think but I've got on them on
Amazon and these if you cannot dollar
for baby teeth or whatever it's not
Belize but this is the difference
compared to an adult toothbrush but you
know what you do we have a baby g.push
that you really want to use you take to
buff up and thankfully this is in a
double pack and you take two ponytails
and you wrap them together to make one
big toothbrush and actually is better
because you can do the top and out at
the same time
Jeff is like I'm gonna do two
toothbrushes put together there's two
Simon oh wow
I'm a genius so we do not big concedes
having these your toothbrushes
actually great better I'm just saying I
like that okay okay I need me dumb bunch
of veggies and I'm back to Jojo do and
now that you wanna be taking you guys
along with my thing you are all brought
up to speed but wait a second I gotta
tell you guys are really really really
really really really cool you guys know
this right now I have my very first book
come out Joe Jonas are you like a shank
these haters and it's a New York Times
best seller that's because the series
are awesome boy you guys did you know
that I had another book that just came
out another one there's the things I
love a villain friendship book and
basically what this is is you go through
this book and it's like do you have an
animal friend what is his or her name I
was writing this out set obviously Bobo
and then my only two dogs Koko and Lulu
and then you keep going in here wait let
me find a page that has it okay
what is the last dealing thing you did
with a friend one thing we do when we're
together every single time is play
Monopoly we have to do it every time we
have a sleepover we love the game but we
make up our own rules and that is
actually my wording like the literally
what I do with my two best friends Jenn
and Hali
literally every time I'm asleep we have
to play Monopoly like it's a thing about
this book is it's actually coming out in
a couple weeks but it is available for
pre-order right now I'll put the link
down in the description you guys but
seriously here's the thing listen on
Amazon my other book judge guidance we
like literally is sold out like every
single day like it gets sold out one day
and then the next day it's available
then it's sold out oh honey so you
cannot be left out of this book you guys
this is actually it this looks amazing
like I have one upstairs that I've gone
through and I've written in every single
page and it's great but I'm sure I'm
keeping that a secret that's like my
personal a little look it's a fill in
friendship book and you guys you guys
are semen eaters and I mean I guess I
could share it with you I know I bought
you out with you in a different blog I
love the noise that happens when I do
dads like watch it cool right here no
watch you try to Davin I bet it'll make
the same noise you ready three two you
guys I'm not even gonna lie Oh capable
but seriously I'm not gonna lie I've
literally been laying just like this
watching YouTube videos for like an hour
and a half and okay you guys let me get
home straight she does this to me every
single night she literally bites my toes
and I ordered so bad but she just wants
to take my sock off because she knows if
I have a sock on that means that I could
potentially be leaving the house so she
doesn't like me to have socks on enters
the best time she's like a she'll take
the lace of the shoe and she'll pull
it's a little I got that thang cutest
thing ever
you just think you just puppy in the
whole wide world high five
yay Bosley here and I was honestly like
just chilling watching YouTube videos
and I literally looked at the clock and
it's 11:30 at night I was impossible I
honest I honestly I thought it was like
four o'clock I'm not gonna lie but I'm
just now realizing I I woke up at 4:00
anyways you guys I'm gonna actually wrap
this vlog up here because I should get a
good night's sleep and you should get a
good night's sleep too if you're
watching this at night turn this off and
go to bed and get a good night's sleep
because good night's sleep just cause
for a good day so it breaks and yeah if
you have good night's sleep does that
mean you have good night you go good
good wake days so anyways you guys
that's a wrap for today right Jojo
okay she's oh that's a wrap on today
right Bobo she's our that's our ever
wanted a teaser that is officially
wrapped wanted a bubble you under the
outro yes guys I would love
do the outro I love you guys so much um
and I think my mommy usually sees you
guys tomorrow but so hopefully I do you
guys tomorrow ok bye guys
ok now for real bye okay wait it's like
you didn't really think I would let Bobo
finish out all by herself you guys are
my brother vlog I think I feel doing a
little teeny tiny bit on this in the
morning I went but you have little tiny
without morning secular like 6 o'clock
what I filled you in on it so my dad and
brother flew back to Nebraska and
apparently my brother vlog today in
Nebraska by himself so I'll roll the
clip back after such a long tedious day
of travel it is actually 9 degrees in oh
so cold fresh beautiful smell now thank
you where I'm actually gonna add tribe
oh boy you wanna out Troy I feel I feel
bad she really wants out to it do you
want to alter it yes follow me I I
really do want out to it could you
please let me out throw it I mean
whatever Roble wants a Bobo gets yes of
course what what you can all try it hi
guys walk that's a rabbit one day I love
you guys so much and up
