I mean okay so I guess the only thing
that I can say is just say guys good
I am just so I'm so delighted to hear
that anyway you guys I am Jojo Disney
buddies come right here enjoy that pop
techno lobby right now you guys check it
out I am out I apply I'm about to fly
with my dad flying like drugs but you
guys my brother pranked me this morning
my I don't even know what to say about
that I'm just gonna it doesn't roll the
clip every day this week Jojo has been
trying to do my hair so we're gonna get
her back and we're gonna be doing her
hair this morning before she even gets
up so last night Jojo was she was
editing last night on the couch and
passed out so it's time to get her back
while she's passed out still
let's go let's go
no Chinese noise no starting noise I
call door shut no Jaden see what okay
fine I'm done I'm done I'm done
Jojo Jojo me I will always win I will
always win you do not bring your sister
because your sister will always win baby
guys good morning soon is it's gonna be
a great day today I could already tell I
mean you got that leaves me back here
I'm so excited to fly you guys I was
living here like naya-a for the day but
it's ok because I love to fly we go back
a really high
oh my god check it our vines are I'm
flowers how do we have everyone so
excited of violets photo albums
marginalize my foot for a sake DJ hello
I'm usually about alright just should
get this one that is the one I put it
out again put it out again I think it
needs to get some bougie rhinestones on
there what are you working on today I
applied my mama's good luck Oh Joe make
sure you do a lot of spins in there you
like it when I spin yeah I can you do
some dabs to in there
Oh
I was back by oh it's great you did good
you did good for your first time doing
it thank you Sam Sam Sam Sam was amazing
high five
oh my gosh you have a Jojo Bowen don't
you have one and you have a Jojo Bowen
and your George opers I love it and you
have a Jojo Bowen high five high five
high five yeah I think they're trying to
come out some zoo inators that's awesome
Oh model my guys I look like a slight
hot mess right now but it's because I
just got done flying and let me just
tell you it was so fun today so I've
done back fly one other time besides
this time and you guys I remember being
so difficult and like horrible and I
didn't want to do it at all
hi hi are you a human ater yeah of
course we can take a picture let's do it
but like what I was saying is like as
soon as I do back buy enough and like
figure it out I get a new clips and
turns a nice gonna judge everybody okay
now so you have a guy hello friends
enjoy this little lovely orange lighting
um anyways we're headed to the grill
right now in Los Angeles we're gonna go
shop we're gonna go eat it's gonna be
great nice is just always great let me
tell you life is sometimes amazing life
is sometimes good sometimes bad but the
bad times make it amaze me good times
amazing I can't speak English today but
it doesn't matter I'll see you there
currently she's helped me also to mine
my hair it's a mess after flying that
wind tunnel is just gonna literally
that's all that happened but we're shoe
shopping and just look at these shoes
they are literally crazy I love them oh
my gosh I want to get them but I don't
love low tops I'm sorry are you guys
currently about halfway through our
journey at the Grove we have not gone to
oh I'm gonna get run over by this
trolley that's right here guide anyways
though we are gonna go to some dinner
we're gonna go to a love of our shopping
we're cooling Barnes and Noble and see
they have my book I'm already going to
Nike and we went to noise chubs but only
the boys got stuff so far and like can
you go on a shopping trip without
getting something if you're me that
answer to that is no ok I'm not I'm
focused right now wait for it wait for
wait for it
see see how much better I look when I'm
in focus my eyes pop my butt face pop
I've never thought about magazines
schooling for magazines boy get that
cutie right there oh she's up there too
I think I'm on the oh no I'm not on that
one that's embarrassing she's on that
one I mean really nailing the covers
this year a few moments later you guys
know well I wasn't planning on going in
a few other stories but I'm I'm tired
and I'm hungry and I want to go eat so
we're gonna go on our journey to in
Maggiano's I believe is where we're
going but you know you know that I do
not voyage in ER because is my time to
put you guys are ways by so I enjoy this
black screen that says three to one
before you see me back
well you know you like that look three
two one thing that I just did there by
the way we're home now
but I just got done filming a 20-17 like
rewind highlights video ends Wow
it was honestly like hurting my brain to
try to think of all the things like it's
crazy it's unbelievable what happens oh
I'll go check that video out I will link
it down in the description if I forget
to link it which is probably what
happened I won't put the link to my main
channel down in the description so make
sure you go check that out right now
subscribe there B's numerator because
here's the thing I know a lot of you are
new to this channel because wait we've
gained 30,000 subscribers today January
2nd January 2nd that's just amazing so I
think I want to tell you about my joy 17
video is because my boy is literally
like a rock from it I was like straight
out like talking like this for like 20
minutes straight and Ojai's up is there
a favorite J on that video and actually
is a really good video I was actually
being really funny in the videos to
definitely I don't want to make sure you
check that out right now
party hi friends and welcome um so for
this little bit of the vlog I'm gonna be
talking about something more serious the
topic that's going on right now on the
Internet which is really unfortunate um
so this is my take on the whole you guys
know what's going on I don't really want
to mention what's going on because it's
a sad subject it really isn't it's
heartbreaking and so many people are
actually affected by this personally and
even not this exact situation they were
affected by it in their situation if
that makes sense
not really gonna mention the situation
but you all know what I'm talking about
if you don't I'm sure it's in the
comments Corinthos and I'm sure someone
told you what it was about
so anyways um there is this thing going
on on the internet right now and it's
kind of like a big I don't really know
what to call it
scandal maybe and just speaking on
behalf of myself and even I would go
with other youtubers to YouTube is
supposed to be the place where kids
adults senior citizens anyone can come
and enjoy safe family content and I know
when I was kidding I watched you do I
watched like just fun little videos and
that's what I really love to watch and
so that's what I'm trying to do for you
guys and that's what a lot of my friends
are trying to do for you guys too and
it's just like there is this situation
going on right now where it's not that
and it's not safe and it's not
appropriate and it's just unfortunate
that that happened and it's obviously I
mean it's a bad turn of events I've
really fallen log on this situation just
cuz I wanna know what's going on but
like it's really bad and like I don't
even know what to say about it it's
unfortunate so you know just on behalf
of myself I want to say that if you are
going through something right now
similar to this situation take it from
me I will be your friend take it from me
I will support you take it from me if
you meet me in person I love you if
you're a sue inator you do not need to
be going through this right now if you
are a c18 oh you're strong if you are
see whenever you are confident you are
powerful you love everyone you love
yourself that is one of the most
important things ever is that you love
yourself and like it's not even like
about being obsessed with yourself and
loving yourself so much and so pulling
into yourself it's more about just like
loving your life really is what I'm
guess I'm saying and it's just I guess
it's just really unfortunate what's
going on right now and it's hard for me
as a 14 year old kid I mean I don't know
a lot of other kids I've seen a lot of
adults that are speaking out about this
specific internet situation but I don't
know a lot of kids that have and for me
I'm the first kid that I know that's
actually sneaking out of on this and
coming from a kids point of view that
actually watched this person's videos
and literally turned in every single day
and watch them and was proud and loved
it is now like that's what I've been
doing it's a heartbreaking it really
really is and it's heartbreaking how
much attention it's drawn and like I
think that okay so this is one of the
things I get most confused about
and in the world honestly is why are we
focusing on that why are we focusing on
the negative though when someone does
something wrong yes they did something
wrong and yes they should have never
have done it but do you know how many
people have picked up on that and how
much attention that it's drawn to that
specific situation and given that
specific person a lot of attention when
there's so much better things going on
in the world that those people should be
deserving that attention they they
deserve it they get it gosh one of my
friends um Jaden Bartles Bartels I don't
know I'm sorry Jaden if you're watching
this but her username is miss Jaden be
she went to the hospital on her birthday
that should be what gets picked up by
the news my friend Chloe mallinger
she for her birthday does a huge
childhood cancer fundraiser and she
doesn't online and she sets up and she
donates it all to childhood kids and she
can beit's always sixty thousand dollars
this year sixty thousand dollars that's
what should be picked up not the
negative not filming that not not pretty
trying to be is so hungry for that
content that that's what you have to do
it should be the positive so my goal for
2018 is to have a great life and also to
to change the world for a positive and I
know that this video of me telling you
guys if there's a hundred people
watching this is not going to change you
but it might change it for ten of you
and if it changes it for ten of you high
five
honestly high five to those ten of you
because you were making a change and you
were making the world a better place and
that is my goal every single day and
honestly uh three years to odds are this
video in ten years is gonna have a
million views if this affects half of
those people five hundred thousand
people and these five hundred thousand
people are having a great life and
they're positive and they start focusing
on the positive instead of the negative
do you know much better the world would
be it would just be so fun to live it
and so you know that's just that's just
my take on this whole situation is stop
giving it attention focus on the
positive
not the negative what's the fun in
focusing on the negative nothing it just
creates a drama I mean I'm a 14 year old
kid I love drama but when I but when you
really think about it all it's doing is
creating drama and attention honestly if
you are going through something similar
to this situation don't
it's not worth it you are you are strong
you are beautiful you are better than
anyone in the world you are amazing you
are special for being who you are
you really are and like it sounds cheesy
like no one can be you better than you
but it's kind of a
no one can be better than you so if you
are someone having thoughts stop stop
it's not worth it it's not worth it I
promise you I have a kid from Nebraska I
followed my dreams and look what I'm
doing today
it's unbelievable what has happened with
my life you guys I will be your friend I
will stand by your side and I will love
you for forever no matter what I love
you see you laters I'll see you guys
around
peace out bye
question
