hey guys going everything else even
indoors out there this and damn it a
little bit rollout hi we just got really
excited I am George OC uh hi alrighty
guys like I was saying before I just met
the two cutest little boyfriend's ever
um we are actually we were at the mall
today we were getting some shopping then
we were getting the boys some new
clothes we were going shopping we're
going to Cheesecake Factory which is
right behind me it is going to be a
great and fun day we were starting off
2018 with them
oh that's what we should do is you go to
the super relaxed station I want to go
get a massage gonna be a great day
because you know it is day number one of
2018 which means that it's a new year
two new me you guys yesterday thumbnail
you guys there you love it I told you
have to stop doing that look at this
airborne really you have to stop doing
that let's get this day rolling guys
look at we got my dad some new clothes
he showed up today in like a dolphin
shirt and so we took him to the mall and
we pioneer haven't you guys like I'm
proud of it mom are you proud of it look
at I'd just wanna see one here she's got
the book you got a little puffball if we
show him you jo-jo shirt
she's wearing a Jojo shirt and you have
a Jojo Bowen oh yeah i'vei've hi what's
your name Hayley are you su inator yeah
you guys I'm honestly I'm not so many
cheerleaders today like that's awesome
but I can work around because this song
was I think in listening battle right
it was a little kid watch look now
Shorty's on January 12th I think check
it out we're in turn these kids right
now they got judgement words oh you're
bad to give it back to you
what's that bag I've never seen that bag
we're buying that bag your injuries
right now journey's kids they got to
George emerges look at that look at that
or they got Georgia punch bag ooh they
got judging much at with a little tail
on it it's a little bony tail on it can
we actually get this yeah if we don't
have this bag it's got a little dance
bag it would match my dance skin pants
then I'm going to dance class in okay
I'm skinny I'm not actually going to
dance class and my dance cam pants but
I'll I ain't wearing them all day today
and all day two days ago and probably
all day tomorrow because I love them
they're my favorite thing ever you guys
my mom doubted me on the Jojo and she
know there was gonna be no Jojo were to
that so hey we found two things I found
it everyone it is back bulletin we're
actually we're gonna want to wear to
target you right now because were things
they might have the dance skin line
hopefully the new fingers class you guys
they don't have the dead skin line but
but did you most definitely have the
underwear oh yeah that's my favorite
thing ever okay we're gonna go take a
peek at the toys and I'll let you know
if they have anything say good Jojo
merge here look at that they got three
bodacious bows they got a singing boom a
Wang doll guys ready three two one go
you want to know fun fact this thing it
actually works the exact same on me
watch us I don't really care about what
they say hashtag
besties not bully you guys look at this
is where the Georges you were dancing
dice games Mosby and I'm it's a little
messy but they don't got no dancing guys
games goal achieved
they got one two three four five they
got five three years good target high
five
you guys I'm currently officially became
I'm not English I'm came to the
conclusion that Bobo is just the cutest
thing ever like I understand all the
time but she really is just yeah I mean
your video of when I thought you went
missing has over two million views I
mean you know famous dog you a little
famous dog you know that no oh wait but
what you need a pop tag
popped out you guys Boas got popped a
collar on Instagram is property room you
up no no she's the most famous dog out
there you already know I'm currently
sitting on the floor and I'm working on
my thumbnail for yesterday's video no
you guys thought I'd die by your Brown
again no no that's a mistake that I made
when I was a child see it right there
so no why didn't I just like so much
better as a blonde like it's just a
thing don't you think Bobo's kind of
glad to hear it glad here all right well
I just got kicked out downstairs um so
currently I'm sitting I'm sure my room
hey I'll let me bring you up just being
unexplained I was going off so my mom
and dad they actually just got home from
Walmart I mean really me my brother
didn't go with them because I had to
come back here and I had to film
something really cool for my main
channel which you guys will see for Jojo
drew playing I was thinking so they went
to Walmart and my mom literally text me
and she was like hey Sanjay not to come
help was carrying it and then I was like
okay you want me to come help too and
you're like no go upstairs they're not
letting me come down and I'm really
confused on what's going on geez I just
surprise for me but I just I don't know
I I give up what happened a few moments
later hi you guys I just can't avoid
that apparently my mom's logged at
Walmart I am not whatsoever seen this
footage I've no literally I've no clue
what's going on right now but I'm just
gonna show you the footage right now
that I don't have any idea but she told
me to tell you that I have footage and
since put it right here so yeah here's
that so I'm at Walmart and JoJo's
favorite thing to do is come to Walmart
and look for her merchandise so I am
here without Jojo of course and they
have so much of her stuff I cannot even
I like your bow I'm making Jojo surprise
video do you want to say hi I'm getting
Jojo this stuff they have this cool hair
thing where you like can color your hair
and she's gonna love this first of all
they have this my birthday party my
birthday buddy
JoJo's birthday party her birthday's not
till May but we're gonna stay and I'm
guessing she's gonna have a party with
us tonight because she is gonna love
this and this is gonna be serious mom
point
then you have the my life hair
accessories bows sequins scrunchies she
is going to you guys I can't believe she
didn't come with me and they have all
that stuff you don't even know how happy
this makes me
okay now they have the Jojo let's see
what hair styling kit where you can
color your hair guess what I've always
want to put pink in my hair so I think
I'm gonna make our foot pink in my hair
tonight
Jojo see what glitter nails certainly
cannot leave this out Jojo see what
every one of these for Christmas because
I know I sent all my people these and
the refills for the bull maker I mean
come on we don't want extra ribbon for
the bow maker but look at this amazing
cart full of Jojo stuff I'm getting you
your cute little fans back there I have
bows in look at this so now you guys I'm
just walking through Walmart with my
fully loaded
Jojo cart okay it's me again and guess
what everybody that comes to my house
and go shopping in the judging room
grabs a bow bow so you know what I'm
gonna grab like little bubbles who
doesn't need a half dozen bow bows I
think Walmart just on their new employee
his name is Tom Co he's an expert bagger
alright so now you guys saw what's going
on at Walmart I still have no clue
what's going on she will not tell me
whatsoever I'm just sitting up in my
room I've been up here for like 20
minutes I'm just chilling I'm just
waiting playing on my phone playing on
my computer just patiently waiting to
see what's going on if leads over soon
okay you guys I have literally been up
here for like 30 minutes almost I'm
probably gonna take it out it's ready
right now I'm so pumped up oh my god I'm
so excited
mom what are you doing I'm so confused
I'm literally thing up here for like 20
30 minutes and she was going on okay
guys so I have it all set up in the dojo
room and I'm super excited for Jojo to
see it but I'm gonna let you guys see it
first no not yet but surprise ever
Walmart they had so much stuff I was
like oh I'm just gonna go see if they
have the doll and then I was like wait
those are bows wait that's Jojo yeah
this thing it's like color your hair
just like Jojo let me explain something
to you guys I've never seen any of this
before I little bit okay do you think
I'll just use all my products I had
literally done this so this is all like
complete shock do you like I actually
like backtrack my products are my
favorite thing ever and I love them so
much and like I'm so grateful for them
and like seeing them in person is like
my favorite thing ever and this is just
you know I miss my first time actually
see you guys all you should see me when
I go into a meeting and I do get to see
some of the products I'm like oh my gosh
oh my god oh yeah look out let me
actually process what's going on right
now so this is a my life as noticed you
at all birthday set for this thing right
yep yeah okay
I'm following along cuz I thought I went
to look to see if it had me my life yeah
yeah and then this thing is awesome for
my legs alright yeah
there's a half game for this country or
it's a little bit right this is the head
manual AUD see the week you got kicked
off right matching both a new doll I'm
getting it on so you do if they should
come out when they should come out was
like is this outfit but realize that you
could be actually matching with your dog
boom wait of Jesus's I mean this chick
she looks like me here my thumbnail
yesterday hi
seriously some of this stuff is
unbelievable I mean I hairbrush and get
a waffle on Bobo a brand new book shoes
temporary tattoos on boy little yapping
Bobo thing is a styling you had a
birthdays a hair set I mean just
everything is selfie Mike a BU Journal
bow makeup refills bow makers my life
dogs it's just oh my god this is crazy
currently you guys every single boys are
my family's in the kitchen right now we
didn't sing every game night that we
have and it's like winner picks dinner
and yesterday baby I was the winner and
so I big dinner and the thing that I
think for dinner was like a jelly
homemade sandwiches so we're gonna put
out a whole bunch of meat some whole
bunch of cheese and that's gonna be
really fun but you know I don't blog
food bar should go with you hi guys so
today I'm really fed it oh that's my
stick by the way but today I'm really
excited so if they're making though
making food right now I'm hoping that
they'll give some to me well I'm just
gonna go I will go hang out in the
kitchen by all them because then then
maybe they'll okay these they'll give me
a piece of cheese my dad is gonna be
coming up here he's gonna be getting a
little makeover
oh yeah a little makeover he's done this
same hairdo literally since I was a
child like literally since I was born
and so she's gonna be fun you might not
get he might want to keep it I don't
know she's gonna be fun light-hearted so
I'll put your intro on it you ready
three two one you owe me five dollars
thank you how long have we done this
hairdo for you don't four bright last
you're so at least twenty years so I
think it's time for a change
washing out his hair I'm really just
getting it wet so I can blow-dry it
getting a little heavy stars before we
started
side because we've always done like
straight middle so I think we're going
to go for a little side just for the fun
of it let's do it so I use a lot of hair
gel but I wash it all out
just so you know Danny got all crabby
yes hey when I use a gel look you like
it so far
nice little body yeah nice little flare
it's kind of like what you've had is
just a little more sleeker and more to
the side you're just kind of like spike
back this is just kind of more like to
the side that's how I used to work 20
years ago
that's what I hear right we need better
products no let's go show them up
I think this is a look I'm going on
tomorrow better than I do but you know
one something I will just say 19
I washed and dried and now I'm number
three now we're gonna do a little like
smoke
we're gonna do like a little color edges
are a little spiky top it's coming cuter
you ready let's go do it
do it one what do you think I like I can
go looks good I think it looks great I
think we should go show Mom okay wish me
luck Janie's hair back to into his good
luck tear then we can show all of you
all right shall we do there
because you know we're just gonna change
your clothes give them a little fresh
look and that was the other thing you
want look at these you guys like
actually really cute you look really
cute and you look really cute sure you
show Mom let's get you off right here
come the cuties like I can't like see
what looks better but I still have the
same Instagram address its wait wait
wait you get another pop tag both of
your pop tagging three two one Oh Bob
Jack follow them both right now hey you
get an object you three see what don't
Bob Jack follow everyone take one boom
follow me
whoa you are mom oh my oh my sighs what
a day we had today am i right actually a
wrap so much I just want to let you know
you guys welcome to the family welcome
to the see you later club put your c18 o
seatbelts on inside the metal clip into
the book and pull the strap to tighten
my thing you are officially a c18 ER
because you were admitted to the end of
this video you're yourself and you are
awesome and I love you so much guys
that's a wrap on so much now see you
tomorrow buddy
about what
I'll come back
