what can I say now hey guys good you
know I am just so delighted to hear that
so angry if you guys you know what it's
going to be a great day when you were
just sitting down enjoying a big garden
thing of Goldberg Oh Baba yeah come get
the goldfish they go there you go enjoy
Merry Christmas is going to be a great
and ethical day and I need to bring you
up to speed because we have done is
something today already that you don't
know about so let me tell you about it
we went to our very first NFL football
games nothing really fun so we went to
the Raiders game so we're here right now
at the Vader's game we lose I just got
your like five minutes whole again
Universal Studios that's where we should
go right now as you go fly and love on
it fly we just got here we have no clue
what to expect this is our first NFL
football game ever like I've Nev enjoy
my family's never been to one and it's
actually pretty cool I mean look at this
they got lots of food here that's the
standing over there but look at all
their food that is what I'm said but I
mean the big cheese with this tackle box
they got a fresh pizza
I mean it's just pretty happening and
I'm really excited so let's go look at
this I got a wonderful truck I'm deaf
people waffle dog I'm getting a waffle
dog that is awesome so uh this is the
waffle dog it's literally a hot dog
wrapped in waffle and then I was I got a
plane - she got what's it called me nice
nice y'all love it delicious step off
this mo yep not so it is smiling
delicious
they just gave us people to dig into the
superball and I
right now so I'm gonna turn it back to
you children salute I didn't know this
but my brothers have longer I know right
and he actually blogged when he went to
take my fan mail to the Pope's office
yesterday and this happened yesterday
morning I had no idea about it but yeah
guys it's Jaidyn I'm heading to the post
office right now
to ship out all of judges fan mail
responses to people who sent her fan
mail if you guys want to send her a fan
mail
here's her address good look at all
these letters that people up sent her
look at all this fan mail she's
responding to come on guys send her some
fan mail now all of these responses from
Joe Joe two people have sent her fan
mail
she loves to respond to people who sent
her this mail it's awesome how she does
all of this I mean the man's got some
blogging skills am i right I know you
guys and now I am back here with my
goldfish and with Bobo who is still
hanging out on the table having a two
goldfish yeah today is just getting
started it is New Year's Eve oh it's
2018 for you happy 2018 it is still new
easy for us I am NOT in focus like I was
in it still there is new for us and we
are just gonna have a fun little family
game night because we are all tired I'm
literally in my pajamas right now but
huh it's good so unless both see what's
happening in the kitchen because I hear
lots of things happen I'm not gonna lie
oh my god there is lots of things
happening in you know we got a cop
Reserve and something have to bake in we
got some grease looking thing we got
some BP looking red thing and some
cheese with butter I think that butter
ones out important or what did I say
cheese yeah what are you making up new
means being mad for it the more I eat
the more you the more you to somebody a
beautiful 7 by 7 purple
flickering and I was kind of scary or
have a cry haunted anyway you guys let's
get this day going
let's watch okay I'm running everybody
I think it's run all those are on oh
yeah babe we got we stop the life right
there you are
yay did it go in just taken a wet
washcloth and just kinda you know make
it in one blow
blow dryer all the way but that's kind
of what I was going for for this look so
next week next I'm going to be taking
some hair gel and just squirting it into
my head and I'm sewing that I always
want to give spiky hair all around
oh my god I'm so cute
I'm so excited oh my god it was actually
so it just does just not gonna be really
I'm not in love with it you like this
look calm down okay you do that
and you know I'm going for the sleek
businessman luck here we go
look of the day and it's time to do it
it's washed out the second one we got a
little spiky schmohawk type thing and I
also meant to be a joke but he just
looked like it was a really cute baby
pictures like visitor they're like in
the baby bottle look number four
you guys I'm not gonna lie this one's
cute but I like the first look even
better so I'm gonna put you back in the
bracelet and then I'm gonna go
downstairs and do a mom and dad think of
it okay
are you guys I just got in there max
like government-wide when just
constantly you know downstairs and
reduce your my friends is do they think
so who knows one hair that's really
bugging me
oh you guys you ready - yes and Nick you
okay you love it you love it you like it
don't ya yeah I love it and Jane rode
convincing him all loving yeah but you
guys comfortable of you like I seriously
you look cute I don't know but I I don't
love it do you like it do you like it
I love it you're next Oh awesome
oh my god I'm sorry no bow but I'm also
doing my mom you kinda got a makeover
because she got her hair cut I got it oh
you did oh yeah we saw your mess in the
sink you got hair in the sink because I
had to use the other thing is my dad and
then ready myself oh I love his hair if
you guys love is here right now smash
that subscribe button smash it smash it
3 2 1 hit it hit it oh wait why do you
need it you're gonna subscribe you guys
dad what what happened
I do make over listen I'm gonna do
subscribe right here anyways I'm gonna
come in did you get ready are you ready
put your seat belt on insert the metal
clip into the buffle and then secure to
fasten to tighten first let's buckle
those belts this floor channel this
channel right here we have gained get
ready for 20,000 subscribers today
mine's 1 I honestly have no clue why or
how I think people are just starting to
find out about the vlog Channel but like
go on into 2018 with the best 3 receive
inators and we are awesome and we are
strong we were powerful we believe in
ourselves and you know that's just what
makes us awesome but you guys
like nothing insane so number one thank
you but number two just look at this
literally twenty thousand subscribers
and it's only 9 o'clock so um for me to
you um thank you I love you but for me
to you also subscribe you guys I
seriously I just I love you guys
um I want to take a moment I like kids
serious and I just I want to talk to you
all for a second I don't get serious
often but let's get serious let's cue
the serious music right here in three
two one
oh it's a lot more serious ok get happy
music yet oh yeah I like this better ok
but we do need to get serious though to
the cutes dude not the Curie's music
thank you serious music okay this is
better well then grab a chair and then
we'll talk music we see we just have fun
I don't want to say what an amazing your
2017 has been I have a 2017 highlights
video coming out on my main channel on
Wednesday which is in like on the 3rd
it's the 3rd I know what's the third
this is going up on the first leg
nothing wrong but the next day
oh but wow I don't even know where to
begin with 2017 like it was just amazing
I cannot wait to meet 2018 she or he is
going to be amazing and so many
wonderful things are just gonna keep
happening but it's like I saw this thing
online today it was like 2016 it was the
caterpillar 2017 was the cocoon and 2018
was the butterfly and that is seriously
so true because like 2016 was great I
was a caterpillar and then 2017 was
awesome I was blooming and then 2018 I
can just feel it it's gonna be a bitch
and you know that is actually that's my
goal for 2018 is I just want to take
what I have right now and I just want to
make it ten thousand times greater
amazing bigger so I need you guys help
with that but I know you're seeing it I
know you got my back cuz of course I got
your back but seriously like it's just I
just want to say how much I love you
guys and how thankful I am for
everything that has happened to me in
2017 is just so amazing it's so crazy
I'm Wow I just it's just I mean amazing
like just wow so now um you already know
I'm not gonna blabber on about 2017
because 2018 is gonna be here and it's
nine o'clock ten o'clock eleven o'clock
did you like that non-vocal Jojo I like
that was kind of fun and just since 2017
was the best year of my life I need to
end it with a bit should i prank someone
that'd be fun should I give away
something I kind of like pranking people
better but I also love giving things
better but I also really like to prank
people but I also really like to give
people kick compromise how about if it's
a how about if I give voice stuff
tomorrow and if I prank people today all
right I'm gonna think of a prank and I
don't know if you're gonna see this
prank today tomorrow the next day but
I'm gonna prank something and even if I
prank someone no or something and like
oh me I'm just gonna say that that was
my end of 2017 because I can't think of
it on the spot and I need a plan I need
it to be good okay I'm thinking kinda
have this thing where my number just got
leaked
but it's leaked out already so I think I
just think that I'm gonna leak it to you
guys eventually because you know what's
already leaked so I might as well just
leak a little bit more and then just
have a little bit of fun with it I want
to think about oh my gosh I need to
think about this all right you guys so
now I'm gonna shut you off and I'm gonna
go I don't I don't actually know what
I'm gonna do but I just gonna go watch
you to me so I recently just got
verified on Twitter so now I have that
category thing where it's like my
verified people you guys yes you just
followed me on Twitter right scum just
followed me please roast me no I'm just
getting please don't believe that but I
mean if you want to it's fine I'll take
them subscribers any day
um Thomas Sanders followed me on Twitter
look and Paul and a Shane Dawson I am
just wow so excited and all the training
you're just one more thing before you
show this game Robin go like that oh I
haven't liked basketball today or
yesterday so tomorrow I am going to be
playing basketball a lot of the day
because I think we're gonna be home most
of the day but boy oh boy mind decided
because I've missed lay around
oh my subway oh I can still ride that
tonight though got like a word gotta go
focus gotta go I don't know I might take
a nap I don't know what I'm gonna do so
Joe Joe gave me a makeover earlier in
the day and I had not a lot of fun doing
that so we're gonna go get Joe Joe back
or any other makeover today and Jack
help you
yeah you can't actually what do you want
I'll take a log ey my Avaya new your new
youth better deal what okay we get woody
I didn't agree to this what are you
doing you did fire earlier so I'm
getting back to do my anything well you
kinda did wow I don't know what he's
doing right now but I'm just gonna kind
of go with it because I don't know why
oh this is me and my hair down hi okay
Jaden oh my god what are we doing this
is a breather Lester if he is going to
get a vacuum I saw her yeah she's most
definitely vacuuming my new hairdo that
my brother decided to give me I don't
know why but uh what whatever it were is
definitely something I haven't even seen
the back of it what's it look like oh my
god that is in
very young my hair I tell Jane you can
get a makeover and this doesn't strike
you like this and get my hair back like
that and uh yeah you guys 45 seconds
like can't believe my sentence over
nothing like whatever but we survived
oh my gosh you guys what a night and
what a day I can't even change that I
can't even believe that in 2018 night
yeah I'm still saying somebody's crazy
Zaza let me clarify something I'm really
quickly before I end this vlog oh no no
I was brown and it was down up week left
but that's not actually happening
obviously
I used to when I was little I used to
have brown hair and also - I'd never
wear my hair down so I was just kind of
click bait you know I like bait but
anyways you know my hair will not be
brown for a very long time if ever and
my hair will not be down for a very long
time if ever really a bar today I love
you guys so much you enjoy my messy bed
don't you right there anyway so I like
it so much peace out bye
everybody
