Jojo over here in the right
anyone give my microphone steps now
something's wrong with this I was really
nervous to contine ask this okay I'm a
27 year old man do you mind sinus for me
I know you have a lot going on you're
really busy so much what's your name
oh nice hi Joe I'm good done pretty good
that's cool clean my room for me today
which I was not expecting at all but my
room no pot that literally my room has
been on us for the past oh my gosh I
can't wait your long I haven't seen you
every lily gone around like a - Kim I
pretty much do this pose reactants let's
get it right why can't they see that
because that's private information
that's a secret contract oh and all that
dessert time you just hang that up oh my
gosh oh my gosh you made my best I
didn't not be putting this out there I'm
worn the same pair of black indeed his
pants for her since I got pipes New York
I did not know that I had two fares oh
my gosh okay he says any device shoes
really good oh wow
I dog you did do my shoes really good
wow I am impressed and you're like you
yeah really good thank you buddy looks
great I love it
later that same evening I saw a little
wardrobe change out drivers line now you
probably don't know where I'm at because
I am outside curly Ryan hat Kyler in
Matt's house someone filming some fun
stuff today I'm gonna babysit the kids
overnight this is gonna be a struggle
but um it's gonna be really fun and I'm
really excited about my gosh I was like
that emphasized okay here we go
hi Jojo Jojo something really funny
about the kids is they give it to me on
the pictures but they don't get me in
real life if they just don't understand
it they just don't get it at all
you're Jackie and see Jojo I think
instead of pointing to your face and
then I might think they don't get in my
bed it just it doesn't ring for the
night Hey oh thank you
I'm good I'm really good okay thank you
how's it going guys how's it goin I
missed you guys I'm gonna walk it now
because it's a little awkward standing
out here by can I come in thank you
thank you great draw readers also to UM
bows I mean insurance I mean dresses and
everything on you did Nick OH
Oakley that's a really cool microphone I
wonder where you got that one she
doesn't want to Jeffrey Brandon I get it
eyes on your situation I'm on your house
your child is right there hi guys let's
get this straight you want me to babysit
your kids overnight yes what are you
gonna do while I do this yeah I'm gonna
go on a date with my wife
I have a really hot wine today Tom do
you want me to babysit you where you
gonna go anywhere but here kids you see
what I mean Gracie I do I do see what
you mean they did not talk and now you
give up my mind I'll just get it is you
be out on my main channel probably next
I know it'll be out by keep an eye out
for because it's gonna be hilarious okay
guys before we go we are gonna fight
this out
Jojo just challenged Madison to a boxing
match and we have Jojo over here in the
right corner coming in at five eight 110
pounds or something like that and then
we have Madison coming in two five three
coming at full 107 pounds yeah I want a
fair fight
alright now that your parents are gone
watch it you ugly dance party but I
thought this just happened um yeah this
is my life right now
god I met her back home hi Carla I'm
Madison
I'm technically this video with the most
amazing thing ever so get ready for it's
coming out on my main channel I don't
know when but it was all eras oh my gosh
synoptic color no comes like time
tonight my basketball but he might
bailing out on me so I don't know what
the situation is but I'll update you
what I do know oh there's my aside
shoulders just really uh like other
shoulder to hold this like a side
shoulder no she likes I don't know but
I'm just gonna go with it not my thing
I've ever done I think that was another
I was Nathan judge what we got out to
the bog go Joe go chill because I blew
it look like a hot mess I've also dude
Thank You Casey nice staff by the March
I'm literally with us every single day
in a reminds me to work harder so boom
go check out his merge closet to go
check out Jojo Josh said not sponsored
oh boy but today was a day I came home I
cleaned out it was so hard to get all
that damn really make a Bop oh boy okay
what how does it happen yet tonight this
does cause it's here um it is 55 let's
just it'll take me an hour is literally
even if it takes me an hour long she
meets about 2:00 a.m. if I go to bed I
can still sleep tomorrow till 11:15 my
ear make it better stay in is that
coming over till 11:45 so Depp oh boy
friends with that is going to be a wrap
of our today because I am tired I wanna
get this done and I want to go to bed so
what do you see this room tomorrow is
going to be spotless and perfectly not
that you didn't spotless link image in
you did good job my man
Bobo's your eyes like part of the blog
already friends with Bobo just told me
she wants me to tell you guys good night
and also do that's a wrap on today thank
you so much for joining me along on this
vlog and I will see ya tomorrow
