hey guys good you don't I'm just so
delighted here that you guys right now
I'm at Universal CityWalk wait let's see
if you can see it wait a second wait a
second see Universal I told you I was at
Universal that the cinema that's where
the movies are going to go see a movie
today we might fly today we're gonna go
to dinner today we learned a lot of
things we're gonna walk around with my
shop I don't know oh we're going to a
Raiders game tomorrow and they have a
Raider store here so we're gonna go out
there and get some clothes I would throw
it back to Jojo the morning but I didn't
do anything in the morning I literally I
woke up at 1 o'clock cool the chief
literally hey friends what movie are we
seeing never made a difference by being
like everyone else who's in the greatest
show man of you guys did not comment
down below you guys my brother actually
blocked it a little today what I got him
his own camera and he started vlogging
so check that out Jojo is actually at
city wok flying today we decided to do
it later and said earlier we got it I'm
embarrassing myself in front of a lot of
people vlogging bye hey it's fine I'm a
lawyer it's my life we're gonna have a
great day today and I am just so pumped
up and so excited for so let's get this
deck rollin and rollin okay well the
house a big turn rollin you guys on me
on my vlog hi hi hi are you inator
yeah I'm live I legit just took of all I
would probably say 50 pictures of fans
like one and then another and then
another and then another and then
another and then another if anything
we've seen the greatest showmen and
that's actually something at 5:30 which
means it's almost time for I fly because
I'm fried UI for that I'm just so
excited and I'm actually I'm in the
middle of processing of creating my
custom flight suit so it's gonna be like
pink and yellow and blue I think we're
gonna we just checked I fly they don't
have another one available until 5
o'clock maybe we can do it after I could
convince them to go after the movie oh
look at that vlogger wait throw to that
I'm here at city workin
we're having a ton of fun we're about to
go see Jojo fly never never mind there's
Jojo so she's actually not lying
I'm flying later so I am flying at seven
o'clock now because our movies and I got
my wristband so glory excited to fly I
get over it did you know but anyways
like I was saying earlier we're going to
the Raiders game tomorrow and they have
this a Raider store right here so we're
not going to the Raider store and get
some lunch for tomorrow oh you guys I
would show you what we're getting and
you but that's kind of what the thing is
for tomorrow so I'm gonna show you
tomorrow what we're all wearing and then
you'll see what all I happened in this
store
all righty you guys well we were
actually in the movie theater right now
in the day have the most epic concession
stand that I've ever seen look at this
it is like so beautiful in here so then
you like get your things over there and
take a little thing that you bring him
over here I don't know it's just really
cool and I love it and I got popcorn
Eminem star birds and a pretzel I have a
lot of things you know what I might
explain to you what the thing with me
and movies is in the movie theater so
adorn it did your do in the movie
theater I bet the movie has not started
yet anyways though the thing with me and
movies is that it's kind of difficult
for me to sit down and shut my brain off
for about two hours and just focus on
one movie so that's why I bought a lot
of food it just keeps me occupied but
anyways um we're gonna go we're gonna
chill here I'll let you know if anything
interesting happens in the movie um
we're going to see the crater show man
and yeah that's life really really good
I for not being movie person a didn't
eat any of my food me and literally
stared at the skin the whole time she
didn't go to the bathroom like I love
this you guys like it
three loaves and four logs I mean
nailing an alien now we're actually
we're going to slide hi what's your name
but look at her bow you have a Jojo
Bowen right let me see yeah I love it
i'vei've ya guys know I love my dad bug
so enjoy who knows where this is going
we're so excited right now Jojo is going
to I fly it is gonna be a blast
Jayden was gonna fly but we are going to
the NFL game tomorrow super super
excited never been to the NFL and I
finally found the biggest Raiders fan
there is and she's ticklish
it better
didja you absolutely crushed it out
thank you it's so good what's your name
Victoria look she's got a Jojo bag right
now and I'm actually about to go to bed
as this charge of wait I should change
into some gym put up children from the
past is gonna talk to you guys and give
you an update so thorne its Georgia from
the past how are you guys do we actually
we ordered sushi for dinner I don't like
sushi but Bobo has actually never tried
sushi so we're about to give her a piece
and just see what she does with it for
the fun of it all right Bobo's will get
you on it come up here all right well
giving her what's this roll call the
Krispy Kreme roll here you go Bobo I
think it has shrimp avocado and cream
cheese in it do you like it I think she
likes it do you like it Bobo's okay
there yeah you can have it
she loves it well would you like sushi
she is literally going ham on this sushi
guys got this sushi bit Suzie is really
really good that my mommy gave it to me
I have a feeling she might take away a
second but but died the do she is really
really good poke what there wasn't a
noise up there sorry guys I really love
sushi isn't really good you can see that
big bite that I took of it I got hard to
get these pieces out though I don't know
why they put rice in there they just
give me the shrimp and avocado cream
cheese I'll clean that mess up later
future thanks so much Georgia from the
past year for duty Georgia from the
future Oh an amazing guys after this oh
my god my brother and I I don't even
know how to explain it just watch this
Jaden decided that if we give him a
thousand bucks he will actually eat this
big chunk of wasabi that thing it like
compared to my editage okay you ready
James
do it for 20 if you had to swallow it
for a thousand time you drink with her
no makes you face me as I get the good
angle
hold on the line hold on hey yeah be a
minute Robin smell it I felt wasabi
before it's nasty well I was worried
that okay back to you Joe Joe Joe Joe
hemispheric you were about to go to bed
but before I do that you already know I
got Katie doesn't pajamas ah yes in some
pajamas check out this pajama the sack
she's pretty epic so I go to youtube
hoodie on I have boys got Jojo pants on
and of course I got some Jojo sack time
because you know like why not anyone
today thank you for coming along with me
on this vlog and if you admitted to the
spread of LOD comment down below what
your favorite comment down below your
favorite vlog that I posted in 2017 was
and you guys I think I think my favorite
who what's my favorite oh my gosh I
don't even know wow this is like crazy
hard I froze it so many like 200 and
like 60 I think Wow hmm you know I'm
gonna have to go with my very first vlog
and that's just because that is the one
that got this whole thing started so I'm
go with that vlog anyways thank you guys
I love you so much
i'ma come back like a boom
