hey guys good point every single team
innate who's out there this entire
little world that's going today guys
good you know I'm so glad to hear that
anyways you guys it's a really bright
outside right now look at that do you
see the Sun right there it's like
blinding me anyways you guys right now
we're actually currently outside we are
waiting for our uber / will lift to come
pick us up because we were going over to
laser tag with Tyler and mad but um you
already know I started the day off right
with playing some baby balls Oh a check
it out
let me catch you up to speed right now
we're currently in the car and we were
going over to this place called ultra
zone laser tag and it's basically just
laser tag with Canton on three wait wait
Tyler just one time on my challenge
where the one-year-old baby is there's a
damn big let's go this time
oh look it let's go get their base let's
go find her
it's the funnest thing ever I can't tell
the lights do you like it let's keep
going
hi Walter now that the boys won but but
it's okay because we had babies the
whole time so we won technically who's
this one yeah just job two hours later
all right you guys we are back home
right now if you can't tell my voice is
a little bit rounder than usual but that
is okay matter at this point we got to
hang out with Tyler and Matt and their
babies and their two friends today ama
they are so awesome and they have a
great channel so go check it out they
just actually hit a million subscribers
so congrats to them but their babies are
the cutest thing if they are honestly so
fun and such amazing people and I love
them so much
Lincoln bye oh okay you got really close
to my mouth sir let's not do that girl
you got to stop doing there oh yeah you
guys know we're gonna have a whole night
the rest of the night it's just me and
my brother here my agenda was your
agenda check it out you guys I'm
upstairs I'm currently working on a
thumbnail right now can you see it I
don't know if you can't nah be you can
definitely see don't look at what I got
I got some guys currently they're
working on this thumbnail for
yesterday's vlog and I have a feeling
it's gonna be really go to end up the
Bobo video is up it's been up for 24
hours and it has 700,000 views like
that's crazy
Wow Wow well again I got a red tongue
and I got blue lips and blue deeds but
it does not matter because the hose
things worse I'm gonna so amazing I
finish thumbnail and it turned out
oh good like look at this I am honestly
so proud of that I even put Bobo in it
because why not she's not lost Bubble
Boy oh she was eating I love you yes I
did but anyways you guys whoa brightness
hello
are you ready put your seatbelt on put
your seat belt on insert the metal end
into the buckle and pull the strap to
tighten today this channel we've gained
13,000 subscribers what you guys we've
getting 13,000 subscribers in one day
that is like really really good my main
channel gain 6,000 today and this vlog
channel again 13,000 a high-five baby
give me another one oh give me a fist
bump
okay I'm gonna break my camera if I keep
doing that okay that is much better
usually what it is is I came like three
four thousand a day but you guys
something's happening with the vlog you
guys are gonna get attached you guys are
subscribing if you are not yet so this
guy so this cry he is even inner join
the family and just be awesome and be
yourself because souvenirs are
themselves and that's what makes them
really special wow I got really Jeep it
really really interesting really really
bad like mind-blowing that my flight
shuttled certain way rather than my main
channel and it's done that for like the
past three days - also - - wrangled by
you guys I got new watches pretty cute
it has little rhinestones in it try it
you guys I need to go downstairs I need
to check in with my brother
I actually I just hold your prank stuff
hold on you ready for this
this whole drawer is just filled with I
mean fart bombs blood a money God just
normal like little poop things
Oh an invisible ink that'd be fine you
guys my brother shoot so mad at me cuz
you can't find it and spotting what
nothing I tell them something
well tell me where it was yeah it was
but I have told them in secret code
alright let's see how long it takes you
to find you two
five dollars fine you can either give me
a high five and I'll show you where it's
at or you can just not find it well do
you guide time's up I don't want a high
five anymore
getting my vibe you're disgusting floors
anymore no your floor too now our
disgusting floors hey yeah look at my
little doggy right now she has a little
button and she has her onesie on you are
the cutest thing ever Vova I love you so
much and also look what she did in my
bed I had this thing perfectly made and
she took the pillows off and she ran
crazy on but it's okay because she's a
cutie pie who has a little bun because
her hair is so long
isn't that right Bobo yes mommy yes
that's that is right that is right okay
Bobo well I love you and I'm gonna throw
it back to me now not you okay okay okay
bye bye guys
I don't even think you guys know how
cute my daughter's right darling you
look a little bun oh my god you're
cutest thing ever and I love you so much
do you love me
yes mommy yeah I grew love you I am you
know much Oh three Vova I love you too
okay okay we're getting actually think
I'm going to be changing into some
pajamas oh whoa whoa whoa you just start
around on me that was crazy but like
change is up and down
doctor the mouth on me okay okay like I
say I'm about to change this image am is
about three two one actually you know
what instead of doing that I'm gonna
give you guys a full night routine
tonight are you ready for this nitrogen
I am so ready for this nitrogen so I
let's do it tonight is a I can just feel
it tonight is a onesy night I don't know
why typically I don't wear onesies like
Tibet I just wear them during the day
like not normal people don't it's a
one-day night I don't know I can't
explain it it's just onesie day okay do
I have a onesie that I want to wear yes
I do it's down here it's down here
actually I got my onesie I do not shower
every single night but do shower to
quite often
all righty friends I just got out of
shower and you already know I got my
towel up in my hair I got my hair up in
a towel I will not wear one do without
some high top sneakers I don't honestly
have no clue why with me but I will not
wear a onesie without a high-top
sneakers it's the where to say I would
limit wait till the very last second
until I take them off like literally I'm
about to brush my teeth and wait wait I
forgot to tell you guys something so
what another thing that I do right
before I brush my teeth something that I
knew right before brush my teeth is it's
already halfway filled up from the bath
I up but I fill up my YouTube water
bottle because I hide you want to know
if my sorry I let sit and I'll tell you
a funny story I mean so funny story is I
was actually it's actually it's not
funny at all but um I was brushing my
teeth right and somehow some reason
toothpaste were into the back of my hip
throw and I like had to basically make
myself throw up to not die but it's okay
I'm fine I'm still alive um but I was I
honestly like saw my life flash before
my eyes it sounds cheesy but it's really
what happened hey guys I'm gonna go
brush my teeth and then I'll see you
guys like boom check out that little
pearly whites I got now because I
brushed my feet look at this ready to
one so I have to actually brush my
Invisalign before I put them in my mouth
because then they otherwise they'd be
dirtier than my mouth to get dirty so I
got a tooth brushes up with a deep-fried
again with you face it's complicated I
basement under brush two sets of teeth
but it's just little invisible retainer
things you don't want Invisalign is
basically they're like retainers but
they're braces and so you have like a
new set every two weeks I think and then
they gradually move your teeth so pretty
cool alrighty well hello friends and
welcome to my vanity anyways you guys so
I actually did brush my Invisalign but
I'm not gonna put them in usually I'd be
putting them in right now but I'm not
gonna put them in because I were really
bad list but then I go get listened to
this day the list I'm talking about is
really hot good there Dino always on the
record okay but you can't understand
what I'm saying it's really hard because
there's these bumps on the back of them
and my tongue gets caught in them and I
just only wear them at night when I'm
not talking because I can't win them
doing today because I have Elizabeth oh
it's a Hamas party so anyway enough
about the midline I'm back at my vanity
and that means it is time to deal with
this um I put a lot of product in my
hair just because I like it so I put
this boots
I put this like detangler and then I
also put this dropping pigs so don't get
it
like I was saying I also to use this
gold mine thing and it's like I don't
know if you can tell or not but it's
like shimmery gold stuff I don't know it
doesn't but I just think it's partly and
then after that I'm gonna dry my hair
but today I'm actually gonna use this
thing which is the diffuser and Zotoh
make it like my natural hair which you
guys are not you're ready for it is so
curly it's the funniest thing ever I
gotta take this out and you know and you
know if this Bregman seemed like a good
three four five ish minutes and I you
don't want to stay here to watch me do
this so IQs a quick time
Oh
I'm not gonna lie I'm a little confused
about how the defuser think it's
supposed to work it made my hair is like
naturally wake earlier than this um it
just made it like poopies I'm gonna like
brush it out but it's probably to make
it just even more privies so I don't
know I'm just saying I like the blow
dryer better than the diffuser and so
I'm not gonna use that anymore all right
just end up still using the blow dryer
but that thing literally drives my hair
so fast like it's a little even like two
minutes
all righty friends so does this surprise
it's the one thing actually besides me
wearing high-tops bed this is my the one
thing all my dogs don't get Rodolfo's I
feel like like I was saying I have super
wavy hair and I grabbed all YouTube away
view I am talking like wavy like curls
waves
poof like every single thing you can
imagine right after I shower I have to
straighten my hair I don't know it's a
weird thing it's the one thing that I
found that works for my hair so you read
this time lines and me straightening my
hair
you guys doesn't get much cuter than
that
my dog is laying in my closet on my
Blanco in a onesie Bobo you are the
cutest thing ever do you know that I
just finished straightening my hair huh
I'm saying on this towel one it's kind
of like using on top of my lap my hair
and just when you thought I was gonna
leave it down ha ha you know it's
actually kind of funny I just don't like
my hair down I don't know a lot of
people like judo you should wear don't
would you looks good and I'm like I know
it looks good down like if I were to
actually like we're straighten this
little piece and like make it look good
like my hair it looks so really good
down but the thing is is I just don't
like it it touches my neck it gets in my
face I get sweaty like it's just she's
not a thing for me so basically saying
having that time I always just put my
hair up and like a little messy bond
people also always ask like does your
head ever hurt from your hair being up
when it's up like this like I don't mind
it at all like it feels good actually
but when it down it like I don't know I
don't know how to explain it it's the
weirdest thing ever I don't know I'm
like opposite it's the worst thing my
dog is big so you could get look at this
like seriously why is she being so GU
right now Oh boys I love you you guys
ready for this watch just three Baba's
oh that was a small one usually she's
very tired right now and so am I so I am
going to end this vlog you're all gonna
do now is providing this line and then
go to bed literally they watch some TV I
don't even know but it again so it does
around I think if we joining me along on
this vlog interview mated to this part
of the vault comment down below what
your new year's resolution is and my New
Year's resolution is to honestly work
hard every single day and just not go
let a day go by where I'm not satisfied
and I didn't really go to that in 2017
um there were a couple days that I were
like oh this day could have been better
but I want every single day in 2018 to
be amazing I really do it I feel like
it's going to and trust me every single
day in 2017 was amazing looking back at
it but I just want try every single day
to be great and also to I need to think
one more thing
Oh trying new things in 2018 honestly I
want to try I mean like just random
things I can't even think about it but
like just like random little tiny baby
things that I've never done before so
maybe not something that we can do on
this little YouTube channel right here
with you and me and you and me and me
and you and you and me but anyways I
love you guys so much makes you come
back you tomorrow and you want to know
why come back in tomorrow because I
literally vlog every day so uh-huh yep
pretty much bye guys love you so much
and peace out baby
