good morning every single c18 who is out
there this is our little baby little
world that's going today guys good you
know so glad here I'm outside right now
with this little cool basketball court
basketball hoop but it's technically now
the court is training Lee a hoop but
anyways you guys on the agenda for today
is a little bit it's kind of sort of
still light outside kinda sort of not so
light outside anyways I'm what happened
this morning is I was out here for a
very long time never a very long time
very long time yes that's English I was
now you for a very long time playing
some basketball and you guys wait okay I
gotta tell you so I'm really funny
before you check out this basketball so
earlier this morning I have like the
ring on my doorbell and there was fans
at my door and I felt so bad because I
wanted to come down and say hi but I
couldn't because they I was still
letting him bed it was like 10 o'clock
which is basically when I wake up but
anyways guys so now go back to earlier
this morning to when I was playing some
basketball with my brother
and now that leaves back here you ready
if I can make this you all over beat me
to subscribe subscribe still do it
anyways I didn't make it but it's okay
it doesn't matter we're about to leave
right now my dad is walking out we're
gonna go to the dancers against cancer
event and I will tell you what it is in
the car alright so I told you how to
explain me what's going on in the car
and we were literally pulling up to the
hotel right now but I I made a promise
that I was gonna do it in the car and so
I'm doing it still technically in the
car this is the Hollywood dance invite
but it's from the people who do dancers
and cancer so I was right with the whole
dance dance cancer thing I just couldn't
think of what it was called but it's not
all he would dance invite
you guys we just got home and y'all
ready now is the rock which was
available watch how fast I go out this
corner wait for it
ready all right
go right on okay come here I don't think
she wants to ride on it I'll get us
right out wait yours is something really
cool watches if I just let it go watch
what happens but you guys I just want to
say how much I actually all of this
thing is the cause I don't know if you
know this or not but I've been using my
little g7x vlog you recently and I think
tomorrow tomorrow tol Oro W is going to
be the day where I switch back to my big
camera why was this very big here not a
little watch this no hands
look at me just want to use again I felt
cool it's like I feel like Phil a JIT
with the big camera I really do it's
like you think your father's gonna block
it is that confusing a Bloggie was a big
camera stuff you know just fun
my welcome to family game night what are
we playing we're playing 10,000 tonight
oh you what you get oh we got Stu bit be
nice
I got sprite little piece of cheese okay
I'm ready to rock and roll boys come up
here show don't love you right now I'll
get my needle focus in this game all
right friends I'm wearing helmet right
now that I'm actually in the process of
making but I seriously just love this
way things so much like I don't even
think you know anyways I'm family game
night Jane one oh no Tom one Tom one
right dad you want well I wanted you but
seriously I um you guys I am actually
chillin up in my room right now look at
here's Bobo right here and there's Bobo
right there yeah mm-hmm
okay really Bobo with it squirrel gone
Oh guys I'm still in my outfit that
house in today and it's not very
comfortable it's like jeans high tops
and a shirt and a hair up very slick and
tight I'm trying to vlog but uh I'm
gonna get changed into some pajamas but
I don't know what I won't wear tonight
there's nobody to choose from I could
decide from Jojo much I could decide
from Jojo pajamas I could decide from
onesie I could decide from Nana Wandy I
don't know I what am I gonna do this yes
so difficult but let me already tell you
the best pajamas out there are of course
the gorge on March 1 so if you have not
already makes you always get your Jojo
Moyes whatever you can find it because
you know it's gone literally the number
one best sellers of Georgia March here's
the list of them so the bedding is the
number one girl's bedding at Target
which is crazy
the underwear are number one underwear
demonic doll is the number one seller at
Walmart the 16 inch singing doll is the
number one seller at Walmart in the 16
inch doll category the shirt is number
one at Kohl's
the bows are number one in Claire's and
justice let me think I don't know
there's like five or six more things on
that list that I just can't even they
give and you guys these things they go
crazy ly fast so make sure if you ever
see Jojo mojo you get it right away
and post picture on his room and tag Mia
it's Jojo zero and I like literally I
like as many here's the picture
something like on Instagram of you guys
who watch my youtube videos and if you
guys see where my merchandise Zoe I like
all my own vision because our my own
merchandise every day I watch my own
YouTube videos every day so I'm yes I
don't put on judge pajamas obviously
because hello operator
oh yeah well pajamas are the best Jojo
ones but you guys I'm not gonna lie I
literally was changing right and my
dog's gone I literally don't know where
she is Baba
so actually so concerned right now look
at this Baba no really no because she
would have been in here cuz I remember
holding her and saying goodnight to
Jaden
guys someone was at the door oh my god
Kim Lee oh my god
Bobo I was looking for my tank top that
I'm wearing under this oh my god
she was you got under there and then I
must have shot her in Volvo how did you
do that did that not scare anyone else
you're gonna blame me some out well
I remembered oh my god the whole thing's
a survival what is it that's literally
where she was you know I didn't even
lock the doors
oh so it's just dodges now Bobo don't do
that again please
thank you it was kind of funny no it was
not Joey finds in the dingo dog
melchidec anything else I love you oh my
god okay I'm gonna go back into changing
into the Jana's okay how cute this
little princess is she's honestly the
cutest thing ever
I gotta take my Invisalign out cuz I
can't talk with them in you already know
definitely just drooled everywhere but
it's okay so anyways I just change into
my pajamas and you guys I got these ones
on I think these are from the okay chair
if you could stop squeaking but I got
these pajamas I think these are from the
UK I'm honestly not one remembers not
sure but um oh yeah they are from the UK
because I'm ordering them online they
are from the UK I don't know the exact
said but they're probably here yet
anyway so you guys around one day I love
you guys so so so much I can't even
believe that I literally lost my dog for
a good 20 minutes I had a panic
and then I was like um anyways you guys
and that's around father day I love you
guys so much make sure you subscribe
because why should I subscribe oh oh oh
I don't know what that body was but
whatever anyways you guys that's a wrap
a lot of the hello guys watching peace
out ladies the dog
