I may have forgot to mention that uh I
got a Star Trek for Christmas oh my gosh
good boy every single see when it was
out there this entire little girl that's
gonna say guys good you know so
delighted to hear that anyways you guys
I'm outside right now already know I'm
about to play some b-ball on my awesome
basketball hoop but before that you know
which is sit and chat for a second all
right welcome to the sitting area is
currently on the back of the basketball
hoop doesn't matter whatever it's good
last night I talked to you a little bit
little teeny tiny wee bit about my plan
for posting and like this week um and on
my main channel the situation is is that
I'm gonna be posting tomorrow for me
today for you which will be judges and
then not for us on Saturday so the only
difference will be there will be no
video on my main channel on Saturday but
that will be back on Wednesday for Joe
Joe's dude I'm about to play some
basketball oh boy
look what happened to my shoe you see
that do you see that do you see that I
it's mud it's not dog poop but but I
gotta play some basketball right now
which I'm pretty excited for oh there's
people watching me right now hi I'm
gonna play some b-ball
I'm buddy is my pink hoop I'm about to
use my pink ball and life is gonna be
great also too I'm gonna order a pink
net online beside me with you in a pink
net or a rainbow now I'm probably she's
gonna order both because why not armed
I'm making that I don't know haven't
decided
you all know though eventually obviously
yeah I'm about to play some basketball
and life is gonna be great
Oh time look at this Santa really came
in this year check all that up what up
these Chung stuff under there and then
this big ol box who did the monster size
I don't think you know all right well
I'm gonna go do this and spend time with
some awesome family members and then I'm
gonna let you know if there's anything
like really really cool but I'm
otherwise I posted a video on my main
channel today where I show you what I
got for Christmas technically I don't
even know what I got yet because I
haven't opened any of it but she's
really said it really overwhelmed oh my
god you guys are year it was not gonna
know to enjoy every little thing because
I did that on my main channel so if you
want to check that out link in the
description oh wow I'm we got my record
player going Michael Jackson I love you
but you're really good at copy writing
my music so I'll he enough don't do that
we got these little fish thingies I
don't know what it is I expected to be
like a little fish but it is this huge
thing look at this it's literally huge
it's a shark it's scary so my dad and
brother are gonna work on those and then
me and my brother gonna be racing them
become pretty excited and you guys
the coppers yep it's cool it really is
check this out mom we show them how the
copper chef works how's it work
okay so doesn't stick to the pan and
look at it's like scrape it off that
wall in the back look at how that does
not stick and the thing is is if you
were Kuya Zandro man it would stick and
it's like if you map it sticking up and
melted cheese that we tested it it's
lies all right why do I search on it
over a pan not a clue
but it's so cool I got a record player
so I did I mean I shouldn't be spoiling
all this but it's really pretty and it's
like so purple like I miss like waiting
my god you just gotta go see it on my
main channel to see what I got for
Christmas you guys I think I may have
forgot to mention that uh I got a snog
right for Christmas oh yes I did I
literally
have a subway I am literally riding a
Segway inside my house I didn't die fine
brooms ran into me you guys that's Bruce
by the way bro you know
I judge what but before that I just want
to show you something so I got this
thing for Christmas it's a Dyson
supersonic hairdryer thing I haven't
seen everywhere it was a trend like two
years ago when people like got this and
like trying on the hair and apparently
it dries your hair like really really
fast it's a really expensive hairdryer
and I was like I want to try it I got it
for Christmas thanks Santa
really really um brought me the hook I'm
also - you like my blue hand it's fun
sparkly so next time you see me I'm
gonna have wet hair but I'm gonna defuse
it which basically that sounds weird but
it means like it'll be like my natural
hair cuz it'll like make it not straight
it'll make it like natural so yeah about
three two one all right hi dr. H um drew
itself out of taking a shower difficult
I'm not in the mood to shower right now
so I'm just doing the morning but um I
got a few things for Christmas that I'm
gonna show you right now if you didn't
already watch my video what are you
doing go watch my video on my main
channel is what I got for Christmas I'm
also gonna be sending that stuff up now
and then I'm gonna brush my teeth and
then we're gonna go to bed so yeah
everything that I got for Christmas but
this is the stuff that I wanted to bring
up to my room tonight because I wanted
to either use it play with it or test it
out or put it in my room or do anything
anyway so I got this little crate thing
with all my Nintendo switch accessories
I don't know why I'm gonna put this or
where I'm gonna put it up here I don't
know why but whatever it is man you're
the only thing in here that I wanted was
my Alexis so I'm gonna set this Alexa
that's really the only reason why I
brought this button up here
Alexa and my wireless charger but I'm
not gonna want that charger till
tomorrow so whatever alrighty Alexa I
want to put you what I want to put you I
think you should put her right back I
bet so then when I wake up I don't have
to be like I lack second just like I
look just like that that's exactly what
I'm gonna look like but for right now
I'm just gonna plug it in to my little
wall thingy that's right here because
it's way easier I want to set itself
like really good and put like all the
apps on my phone and like do it alright
because I just think it'll be cool
I have no this is not sponsored by
Amazon or Alexa although Alexa how are
you okay cool she's not ready yet she
didn't waking up from her nap this thing
what's this thing my Amazon echo is
ready for set up named Jojo what oh yeah
yeah you know
get up now oh yeah it was on account of
set up I'm ready okay here we go
come on okay continue choose language oh
my god could you imagine if I set it up
in like Korean or something Oh gonna be
awesome oh my god that'd be crazy
okay Wi-Fi Amazon xxx I can't guy go to
my wife at one this is complicated
you'll connect it to your echo go ahead
and finish the setup in your Alexa app
okay oh yeah continue they should make
it so you can name or something with
sides Alexa like what if mine wanted me
Julie mmm get up now yeah you don't I
can't wait for you wait for this thing
to be set up be for it to be tomorrow
because ones in tomorrow I gonna ride my
Segway and I get her play basketball so
I need a break
okay well is that doing something and it
doesn't good take a few minutes so I'm
gonna set you like right there
nobody deal with this record player -
right now I'm gonna move all this a
Nintendo switch ease but we starting
something got to be silly it will get a
little DJ turntable boy Wicky Wicky
Wicky um no but um I got this Michael
Jackson your Amazon echo is ready for
setup thank you follow the instructions
in your left setting up thank you my
favorite songs are on here so we're
gonna have a little jam session quickly
I like this side side side well see I
get a listen to the songs you don't and
you know copyright but um I am gonna
listen to an end cue a time lapse and
you were gonna see me dance and wait for
my Amazon to be set up and then once
it's set up we're gonna tie try some
cool things and then I'll see you in a
second
all right well I know that was a long
time left and I got nothing done in that
time because the app just like kept
failing for some reason so I closed it
shed all my apps and I'm retrying
because it's not working
echo I continued I connect to Wi-Fi I
continue I go to Amazon okay I'm gonna
again cute I loves and then I'll let you
know happens I just finished setting it
up and it's actually pretty cool
watching it ready also to mind my vanity
I'm a mess right now I'm trying to
people just got out of my room I'm
trying to figure it out it's it's
quality ignore it
who is Jojo see what joey joey joe jokes
I want is an American dancer singer
actress and YouTube personality
I like that YouTube personality but she
also says Joelle Joanie Jojo sila but
Alexa play the song that goes i'ma come
back like a boomerang boomerang by Jojo
so I want me
Alexa stop Alexa play the sign that goes
this life is sweet Street Station you
might like nuts and Dragons herm Amazon
music Alexa stop oh except fillet the
song that goes this life is sweet
sweeter than you think she's in the
candy store my dojo sidewalk sidewalk I
like to stop copyright play the song
that goes i just want a dan dan dan dan
dan dan dan dan dan dance fantastic baby
Alexa play this song that goes you can
take a pic if you'd like to but you
better be quick because I might move Wow
Alexa play hold the drama the drama by
Jojo son there we go
I like to stop I love this like I'm
really with this all night all did you
check that out boom said that thingy up
right they it looked better now once
that's on it'll look pretty and a little
sparkle and that'll be in that drawer
but I gotta I gotta do all that first
and you guys we're gonna slowly look up
oh my god she's so hot right now she's
been sleeping oh ok you I'm belly rub ok
buh buh she literally made that bed for
like 45 minutes she's like yep she just
look like that alright guys I don't push
my teeth and then I'm gonna go tonight
because you know I don't wanna be today
I got I guess I great I got oh oh are
you guys that's why every today thanks
so much watching
