I'm so excited we're about to fill the
basketball hoop that I got yesterday if
you did not watch yesterday's vlog this
is the basketball hoop Diana got it from
me actually it has my logo on it would
just be cool are you gonna shock check
it out
has my logo on it so we're about to
build that basketball hoop shoot some
baskets it's gonna go right dead smack
in the middle oh my gosh I'm so excited
this is gonna be great you guys is done
and it looks so good thank you Tom yeah
Tom see your doctor Oh God okay thank
you John thank you Joe Jane you didn't
do watch just did you watch I helped and
then also my grandpa helped um okay wait
I'm going to take my first shot you
ready video 8 video hi friends I did a
full wardrobe change
I look good now I look clean I clean
myself up after playing basketball I was
literally I was out there for like how
long movie out there I'm like 2 hours
I was outside all day today felt very
productive but now I'm in the car and
it's pitch black outside so I have this
little light up there old boy that looks
like the Sun um but anyways I was just
sitting in this car and I was thinking I
was like how is it Christmas already
like 2017 just gone by so quickly like
it's family well I mean going quick
means it was a good year in 2018 I feel
like it's literally gonna fly by but
it's weird like in May of the showers
like oh my gosh it's already like it's
not even May yeah like I was like this
year's got my really slow but then like
now looking back at it I'm like wow what
happened to April May June July August
September October November like
literally September October November
December have like I haven't seen like a
day and I'm like literally it's the
worst
I can't even tell you it's almost like I
like time-traveled in a way I mean I
didn't but short it's like oh my gosh
pops right now but anyways we are all
headed as a family to this really fun
restaurant called vibhuti ciao boo boo -
ciao a lot of people call it different
it's like this Brazilian steakhouse you
know I usually don't blog it dinner but
I might because this place is a really
really cool they come around it
literally just sticks of meat and
they're like you aren't LaVon and
sometimes it's like you want filet you
want a lamb chop you want and then like
it'll be like you want chicken wrapped
it and chick parmesan chicken wrapped
and bake it like they have just like the
most random things but it's so good so
I'm on there oh and they have these four
fried banana things so good so yeah
we're going there and I'm really excited
I like food hmm maybe so that's my life
just thought I'd give you a quick little
update I just like I think it's the
weirdest thing that it's literally
Christmas today's Christmas I also - you
might be like Jojo you get anything if
you didn't bring Christmas like you're
it's nighttime and you didn't open
anything but I'm number one not their
true meaning of Christmas being with
your family and having fun and loving
everyone and just you know Christmas yo
you all know the true meaning of
Christmas um but then also to where it's
a part of Christmas is everyone knows
opening up presents so what you do but
we're doing that tomorrow so just to
give you that up Thank You Barriss how's
it goin got one driver and we got one
rider and Jayden would usually be right
there but he went with my grandma
grandpa to help them with the directions
that's all I got
okay hi I'm back I'm still in the car
and I'm not in focus right now I'm in
focus anyways like I was gonna just
about to tell you um Santa actually he
knows our schedule and he knows that
we're doing Christmas tomorrow so in
case you were wondering it that is the
difference in my schedule your sin your
schedule I actually like called up Stan
and I was like hey
yeah I kind of got a cinch things out of
action from mrs. Claus answers her phone
went up yeah so we had full conversation
you know by the way the elves are doing
great in case nm he wanted to know Bob
yeah so he was like hey you know
interesting let's stop time and enjoy
this moment
