I cracked my brand-new every single soon
into his out there this entire little
house go today guys good you know this
I'm so happy to hear that um anyways you
guys a Merry Christmas to you because
this is going up on December 25th but
Merry Christmas Eve to me because that's
what is Jade today's December 24th of
2017 but I need you guys on the agenda
for today I am in the Jojo room but on
the agenda for today is um we were just
kind of having a fun family day um if
the house is kind of sort of on lockdown
but kind of not it's more like there's
no like we're going to do this scuse my
got a laser tag I think some of the boys
might be going to his Beach I don't know
it should be pretty fun day I'm just
gonna be here at home most the day maybe
go some laser tag but today is
definitely it's gonna be a fun little
family day with all the family here we
have 12 people well - I'm just like Mike
and Ally just left um so we have ten
people at our house right now and it's
pretty fun it seriously it's so happy
like I tweeted something this morning
that's like I love my friends and family
so much like seriously all of my friends
you guys you know who you are I I
seriously I love you guys all my family
obviously you guys know who you are do
you related to me blud wise of course to
all youth supporters out there with me
see you inators um but it's just it's
crazy how much I love my friends and
family I was I was really thinking about
that today like I don't know what I
would do without them and like even like
I don't know all my friends throughout
my life all my friends in my life now
like I I seriously love you guys so it's
just happy always surround yourself with
good people if I could give you any
advice that's what it would be just
surround yourself with good people
anyways just gonna be a fun day at home
and so we're just gonna be partying not
partying we are as soon as we don't do
that little literally the most don't
we're just gonna be like I was saying
hanging out chilling eating food opening
presents just ran little things so this
is gonna be quite a fun day and I'm
ready to take you along with me on it so
let's go are you guys right now we're
all feeling watching elf okay so yeah it
kind of they're all over there watching
out I'm just kind of staying back here
vlogging um we're about to open up all
right so this is the aftermath it was
quite fun they got a trip to funny right
that's what they got on that's the crazy
things Apple TV's going around I got
some frosting um yum delicious and I got
some nachos my favorite so now I'm going
to play some dice game - me fun boba we
even got stuff to bubble would you get
this yours
it is yours Bobbo
is it yours is it yours oh oh okay I'm
in focus now hi friends um we actually
we just finished the card game I'm
actually going upstairs right now
because I've talked to you oh my god
look at this cutie what Oh cutie why
Bobo you're being so cute gee I learned
how here just lay on my little blank oh
my god it's so hot
that's so cute hi anyways who I brought
you up here I brought you up here to
tell you guys something you're not even
ready for this actually this happened
yesterday but um I cracked my phone my
brand new iPhone X I've owned ten
whatever you feel like calling it I'm
saying right now I mean legs and
everything but I literally cracked my
phone I dropped it yesterday in and out
and look at that I don't know what I'm
gonna do
these are gonna a get screen fix B buy
another one which I don't really wanna
do or see you just do that oh I broke my
iPhone 10 I knew it was gonna happen
because look at this I love my job
YouTube I literally love it I wear
YouTube on my phone every day and I wear
YouTube socks every day and sometimes
YouTube clothes like I love my job so
much and I wear Jojo much every day like
my two favorite things ever um and uh
yeah I broke it anyways you guys know
that uh I'm on today I love you guys so
much thanks for watching this vlog and I
will see you guys tomorrow tomorrow is
Christmas for me huh
