okay that's amazing with the day good
boy now is out of this entire little
house going today guys good you know so
delighted to hear that anyways you guys
we have a full day ahead of us so I'll
see you at the car okay so there's this
little girl she's so cute Raina that is
her video right there she was at like
school play or school whatever that's
called like a show I don't know I never
we just called I know what those things
are called but um she was doing her a
little Christmas show and she was going
so pull up so now me and my mom watch
this video and we love this little girl
right right I kind of think she has a
Jojo Bowen like what he's like a little
fan right this little kid is the cutest
thing ever
so now there's like this little news
article on her and apparently she's my
biggest fan and Iowa Idol and all these
things and I'm just like wow like that's
crazy
new girl big fan really cute going viral
adorable again and she's a huge fan I'm
her idols - what I am doing is I'm
actually gonna be find this little girl
out to California I'm surprising her I'm
actually about to call her right now but
we're flying her out to California go
make some videos together and it is
going to be awesome you guys I
so I said this little girl her name is
Lucy she's 8 years old her videos just
the most cutest thing you know Dasher
dancer
Donald Dixon kinda did it Dylan and I
watched it so many times already later
you okay I'm gonna be something right
now we're gonna tell her that just come
to California ah here we go just so
excited hi hi I am go to see why are you
losing you're so cute Lucy I saw you a
video of you dancing at your school play
that was the best thing ever
you're a huge bow collection let me see
it oh my gosh you have a lot of Jojo
bows
you have an exclusive one which one I
like you know what that is
I do you watch my youtube videos yeah
yeah that is a lot of joy turbos so Lucy
I have to tell you something really
exciting so I saw online that you I'm
your idol and that you'd love to meet me
right so what I want to do is I want to
fly you and your mom out to California
to hang out with me are you excited and
guessing this is happening on the 27th
which is in like four days I mean I was
so excited to get to meet you your video
was amazing
so yeah you're gonna get it come on
California we're gonna hang out you can
come here pick out some new Jojo bows
we're gonna give you a little Jojo
makeover you can teach me the dance that
you did I don't know where's gonna have
so much fun together you have a trophy
for dance no way you got a trophy that's
so exciting
I have like over a thousand bows I have
a lot of bows how many bows do you have
that's a ton and you're over here I love
it so maybe when you come out here we
can like have a little fun together and
I could teach you some of the dance
moves that we do in our performances so
maybe one day you could be a backup
dancer for me that'd be awesome
of course but would love to meet you you
want to say hi to her now all right hold
on let me grab her all right there's
Bobo okay you go go
you have a doggy - that's okay though
you still got one which is pretty
awesome i loo see well I gotta go
because I gotta go do some big fun
things today but I'm so excited to get a
fire out here and get immediate hang out
with you it's gonna be awesome
you know wow I love slime bye bye Lizzy
oh my gosh I was a nice acting that she
is not shy at all the video again right
there is literally exactly what she is I
was kind of expecting her to be a little
bit more like calmer and like most
people when they meet me and like talk
to me they're like really really shy and
just like not starstruck because that's
where to say about myself but kinda
sorta into veteran footage they're
overwhelmed it's a good way to put it um
so it's like they're always just like hi
but she was like boom I'm excited - she
was screaming here oh I I mean I'm so
excited gonna fly her out here guys out
back here Jojo in the car hi friends I
know I said I'd see you in the car but
yep
forgot my SD card that's great so we're
gonna try to get an SD card here they
have them if not I'm just gonna be
vlogging on my phone like I am right now
but we're you know we're at Six Flags I
didn't tell you what's going on today
we're going to Six Flags all the
family's here i Six Flags it's like our
big Christmas celebration today so yeah
should be fun with no rice and rides
it's gonna be great maybe I can hold you
on some rides I have a good girl she
defied mystic our fingers crossed Lily
don't saw us d cards but the hats okay
I'm just gonna vlog on my phone today
it's gonna be great hi friends I feel
awkward vlogging on my phone I feel like
I'm like a blue tank blogger you're a
pretend blogger people are anybody
you're not a real lawyer but we're not
gonna worry about it so far that's right
time to check in with you anyways we
rode a lot a ride so far now I can see
guys all I want to play if I hear but I
can't be a vlogger that plays with my
hair corrode full throttle we rode
Goliath we rode it all scream we rode
Batman what else are we ride no there's
one more
oh yeah we played basketball KGTV by
wall
point fine
family
