we're actually hopping in the car right
now I'm putting on my seat belt before
we get going through these cords Kurt
can't get it can't get it get it
actually this is not how we started our
morning off we started off at something
called the Santee alley and we found
crowns and so I'm recruit an Aug Simo
and I just showed you a little bit the
alley so check that out fabulous out
there I'm judges so bigger they don't
know what they're doing after this my
mom's taking me to the IHOP we're
currently in the Santee alley right now
it is pretty far look at this this is
basically all it is it's just like a
whole bunch of little shops kind of like
all smushed together it's basically the
easiest thing to explain it but um right
now it's just the girls sewed me Ali my
mom Miranda and Theresa then we're
meeting up with the boys in a little bit
but we're just getting some shopping
done I got like a little like a bomber
jacket oh we're going somewhere okay
funny I don't know we're just getting
some fun 7:00 it's just pretty fun oh
wait and I actually I forgot to tell you
something too so I woke up this morning
and I'm listening to my parents and
they're literally no not my parents my
my whole family literally so wake up and
listening to my whole family everything
one I won't go after all of them and all
I hear downstairs is my vlogs and I'm
like okay that night start here on fire
Jojo my random videos and I was like oh
okay so they were literally all
downstairs watching the news that was
what we just did right now is we
actually went to the ALDC la Abby Lee's
store and not with pretty phone so to
check that out we're going to the ALDC
store boom check it out
we're going in um Karen should be
working you is my hair makeup artist so
you guys know Diana it's her mom so yeah
this is the new store though I've never
been here
I'm so excited oh my gosh it looks so
cute they got so much new merchandise I
love it you guys I don't think I've seen
a better shirt out there oh I literally
cannot oh my god that is amazing this
literally just brings me back to
literally the Dance Moms days I can't
take like geisha on view for me it's
weird it's confusing fun facts this is
the hoodie that I wore on my very last
episode of Dance Moms look fab I'm
getting that free have a t-shirt because
this is hilarious what are you getting
I'm getting a black top with pink
sparkles nice nice
I just I can't with the formulation is
my life every time I do every where are
we going mom the girl I wanted to grow
that's fun Masaru
okay you have yeah yeah yeah the girl is
really the only thing I was like we're
going to the Grove right now so let's
see you there none of us have ever
experienced a poached egg before like
what what are you doing ahead she's on
her sour cream on there but
oh yeah so she's going to show us how we
deal with a poached egg I'll do it
you got this view Mac to me I'm so
excited Oh sauces thank you thank you
that's for my plain noodle thing
appreciate it oh wow big side thank you
thank you I do critical jail for you
later oh we're ready
delicious so behind this building
there's like a UFO look at that you see
that guys that is crazy
a UFO aliens are real just guys for once
in my life my Korean skills are coming
into play are not good but i'ma try okay
how many people can I say hey let us say
hi to as many people as possible
ah of course the bullion is behind me
but the arcade is behind me now few guys
I am so excited the whole family is
coming the boys the girls the
grandparents um so everyone's gonna be
here you actually didn't get to meet my
family because yesterday's vlog didn't
really end up being the blog ends up
being Bluebird because of the footage
issues so yeah I wanna introduce you to
the girls and then with the boys and the
grand birds get here I'm gonna do so
this is Miranda hi
that is Allie hot that's Theresa hi over
there is my mom but you guys you already
know my mom so we're gonna play some
games I'm so excited and we're gonna
Bowl obviously that's all I mean that's
right we have one symbol
well I guess you can't share anything
with you we were just having fun
my grandma journey Baroni Uncle Joe have
anybody you haven't met Casey I don't
grandpa Mike and Mike they're all
pulling a second game and I was like oh
cool a second game going okay and I'm
just gonna have fun come be great party
guys I'm in the arcade right now I
actually want to play like a claw
machine or something similar because I
want to win I think I could maybe win
that cow or maybe a football or there's
like another claw game over there
somewhere
I know I'm gonna try to win something
I'll tell you if I did I check this out
I convinced Ally to actually come with
me and she talked about this game yes we
all in a row you can win
oh oh
you got a hundred and fifty on our first
one you're getting you need 100
forgetting to chain why that's really
cool come on you gotta hit the red
subscribe button there you go
you need 400 you gotta get the 200 twice
another one baby
well Sherman this thing untie this thing
it looks funny probably this one next
this one looks go I can win an echo that
looks fun we'll do that one we're gonna
do this one sorry the baby take over my
blog my fault it's mine okay
three hours later
thank you
we know how to come back
