she sounds like a dead fish being editor
like really gossip right not even really
gossip I'll just talk about like the
gossip about came up with a few people
really no no let's go through ourselves
because we think that a lot of people
think things about us that just aren't
you
so I gotta have my things actually we're
pretty high up there we think people
probably talk about us oh oh yeah we're
gonna gossip about ourselves rise out
again I really just do it it's hilarious
um we started off and were like so what
do you think about that Joker kid she
can't sing and she did you see I'm
Kellyanne buy it oh my god it was
terrible
she can't even tell you she can't even
speak one every every single word she
said was coached everything was that
coach is the most coached kid I've ever
met and seen in my whole yeah
she had her mom too it's literally most
annoying thing ever on Dance Moms she
ever care about the other kids no not at
all only care doc she hated all them it
was terrible
sure no such a show rude to all everyone
it was all you care she didn't you she
didn't even know what she was doing
she's a highly dupit yes to it one of
them worse I don't even know how she got
it on the got on the show because she's
so dumb she probably it's a probably
paid for yeah I literally think that she
buys her way into everything I bet you
she paid Nickelodeon I she paid Claire
she probably pays Claire's to put all of
them I always saying she's definitely
definitely pays the Claire's first for
the publicity for that aspect of it I'm
all with magazines she's in what a
hundred percent cause I'm on the phone
every single day lines my kid not in
this manner percent yeah look that Jojo
wrote yeah her mom paid all the
bookstores to put it in the stores no
she paid me on the New York Times
bestsellers you paid together obviously
like that books sucked how could it even
be a kind of an aside they're so stupid
when they finish a book they don't even
fit it was like chapter 12 another
yeah what do you think about our YouTube
I think her YouTube she probably like
buys all everything yeah she probably
buys her subscribers what if I had like
200,000 subscribers for like a filming
company to come over and film everything
every day 100% yeah like a whole filming
crew
yeah lighting sound 100% because I I
know other people that do that and so
why wouldn't she do it other I she had
so much success on me too but I mean
it's all fake probably anyways but like
yeah oh my god we're not the boat - Oh
like your old man but over it like you
should aim you're wearing that Bullock
why are you wearing it like the bow is
so ugly like it's you're 14 years old
like get out of it and someone needs to
tell her to lose that someone had to
tell her arse her speech her speech is
she saw off she's awful about her mom
and her dad what's the situation on down
I don't know they're they like haven't
lived together for like four years later
it's probably just like a big fake
marriage they're probably not the best
time
yeah it's a PR stuff yeah there's like
oh let's just pretend that we're married
you know live in California and I'll
live in Nebraska it's kind of like The
Parent Trap you take one kid and I'll
take good
we won't you want to hear something
really funny - I think Bobo's fake vomit
is like a robot I think I've heard that
before and I think she's a robot it like
this alien those like animatronic things
yeah that's exactly you probably hate
Disney to make her an animatronic doll
obviously back to the kid she's so loud
she is
so loud every single thing we just said
is basically I don't even know how they
got any of those doesn't even know how
to write over 400 million views like
that's stupid she's like no I mean she
sounds like a dead fish being run over
by a car I mean and really she's like 14
years old she should totally grow up 14
you should not be a kid anymore you
should not be having fun like you should
go get a job boys I can have a baby and
you should grow up you should check into
the nursing home right now grow up
you're 14 is that like come on just like
geriatric like yeah you can't stop
having fun grow just hop up your old
girl yeah 14 you're 14
come on terrible terrible think about
like all the anti-bullying stuff it's so
fake don't you think well she's not even
a good role model yes like very true
she's just terrible she's mean - every
time a fan she meets I heard I haven't
met her and she wouldn't even look at
them I just think with boomerang this
song itself sang 14 like get over
yourself oh that kid is so full of
herself - she wears her merchandise like
every single day
her merchandise pride is me she probably
just makes it herself she's my god she
is like a factory in her basement or
something she probably does what do you
think the situation is with her
merchandise it doesn't sell
terrible I actually have number one and
in every single category at almost every
single storm but son of back to Gaza
moment what I think a lot of merchandise
is terrible everything everything that
without forcefully and me ah I mean if
you like cute that's fine but if you're
a cute hater it's not gonna work for
example or no it's not gonna work
anybody who likes cute anymore yeah I
mean cute cute is like for people that
don't live in the nursing home and
they're not old they're not mold yeah
kids is that her like fun young people
that just want to be happy out of all
the kids she's the least successful out
of all those kids that left and songs
she she's not even you know he was
successful at all its hero I feel bad
for her mom is her mom's got to be a nut
job
the way she literally I bet you she
makes sure to sing every night even
though she can't sing I bet you she
makes her practice her dances I bet you
I okay your YouTube videos what do you
think the situation is with those her
mom probably makes her do it her mom
really yeah
wakes up in the morning and it's like
film a video now before you even eat
breakfast I bet honestly it's just after
seeing her on Dance Moms
oh could imagine she's probably like
send your splits for an hour on each leg
like she's so strict and it kid is
really good like no nothing the kid does
all wait what about the Nickelodeon
thing I'll get back into not Gaza mode
we were totally kidding about every
single thing we said my mom does not any
make me do anything YouTube is something
that I love being at Nickelodeon they
like literally send us an email being
like hey we want to sign you what else
literally we lied about everything just
now we were just gossiping having fun
and she's only 14 she should be young
and she should have fun and should have
she should be a kid
she is like older wait this was just in
her 20 yeah I mean maybe like 70s but I
never let you know that we were totally
joking um I am so thankful for all of
you guys I'm thankful for my mom because
without her none of this would be
possible but seriously this is just for
your entertainment and just because
there was making us laugh and I was like
yeah it is actually hilarious no I mean
my mom was the best relationship my mom
and my dad have the best relationship
ever they're actually moving out here
like next week forever which I'm so
excited for but literally I know you're
really bad I was gonna say but seriously
I mean my mom like all that was just
funny and funny games and none of it was
true
we just thought you were to enjoy it
because it's just hilarious
okay now Walmart's gonna get Chris gonna
get me a to cart trip you guys but was
just being way too cute right not enough
like angry that we're home by the way
huh hey what is your deal right now
hello come back on the bed I'm trying to
blow this bed up and this thing is
hilarious ready on this it's good you
it's good kid you oh wow how did you
that is how did you look at friends I
did that I made that bed I'm actually so
proud of it look at this actually I mean
it looks beautiful I don't know about
you but I love it right now what is
going on is it so all my family comes in
town tomorrow today for you but tomorrow
for me um and they all come in town
literally we have 12 people want to put
will like one and then like a to like
like like that right there Cheryl that's
our one of the two okay action
we have 12 people who are staying at our
house yeah that many so it's gonna be
pretty crazy and pretty chaotic but I'm
excited it's all my dad's out of the
family I'm they're all coming out here
it's gonna be pretty epic um they're all
sitting here but while I'm here we were
doing lots of fun things such as games
and stuff and I actually we're doing
games and it's like competitions doesn't
stop and like whoever wins gets a prize
and I just wrapped all the prizes so
that's pretty strong we're also run a
white elephant
and I'm actually really excited about
this if you don't know what that is it's
basically where you can get like some
people like do it differently so like
everyone does it differently but
basically what it is is it's like how
some people will do it like you have to
get like a really bad gift so like some
people do like a roll of toilet paper
random things or some people do really
nice gifts you could get something as
crazy as like an iPad or or like or if
you're like in are feeling you can just
say like whatever you want to get also -
my mouth is blue right now because I
just had a what they call the snow cone
put some water in a white elephant this
year and since you're all family it
doesn't matter if you want to get a roll
of toilet paper if you want to get an
iPad just get whatever you want we're
all family no one cares um I just came
up with what I want to do for my white
elephant so I'm gonna create that right
now it's gonna be pretty epic so I you
know I'm excited are you guys on I'm
actually I'm gonna wrap it up here for
the night my hair is up snatch no fun oh
my god it looks terrible oh whatever
it's like anyways you guys like I was
saying I'm gonna wrap it up there over
the night and and that reason would be
because I am going to bed because it is
literally wait for it it's 110 in the
morning goals I get a little early so
much it's a wrap on today and
