hello everybody welcome back to my
channel today I am doing a very cache
setup I'm using my vlogging camera to
record this video because it was our it
I had full battery and I'm just making
this quite a chilled vid got myself a
Moroccan mint tea question number 1 on
the QA what is your favorite tea
Moroccan mint
I actually prefer to peppermint I don't
know why I think it's it's like a
slightly sweeter mint flavor taste scent
in today's video I thought it would be
nice to do a Q&A which I did say in last
week's video and I asked you guys to
leave a comment on my most recent
Instagram picture with your questions so
I have gone through and I've selected
any that I thought would be nice to
answer what did you pick for your GCSEs
and why gosh that was a really long time
ago now so I picked aside from the
standard ones you had to take which was
like science English maths re before I
picked were French business studies Oh
art and textiles I was actually really
happy with my GCSE choices at this point
I had no idea what I wanted to do or
where I wanted these to take me or had
any idea what I wanted to pick for a
levels but I was really happy with those
choices because I enjoyed those subjects
a lot and that was mainly why I picked
them Business Studies was a bit of a
weird one I'm not sure why I picked that
I think I thought I'm gonna want to
create my own business at some point
because I don't want to go to uni
therefore I should have a little bit of
business knowledge under my belt
it was the most useless GCSE I learnt
nothing in that I think maybe my teacher
just wasn't the best but yeah I couldn't
tell you anything I learned in in
Business Studies GCSE if I'm honest I
did get C though so wasn't too bad what
did I get in French I think I got a C
in French or maybe a bee which I wasn't
hugely disappointed with however I had
been learning French since I was about
eight or nine years old and at this
point I was sixteen so you know half my
life I'd been learning French and now I
still couldn't speak French to you which
I don't understand it's almost like my
brain is a sieve when it comes to other
languages it's something I would really
like to pick back up but I was doing
French for eight years how am I not
fluent in French I don't know I'm a bit
disappointed with myself with - I don't
think I really took it that seriously
and I thought it was a bit uncool and I
thought it wouldn't be something I would
ever need in life so I didn't give it my
full attention I think which is a shame
because now as a 28 year old I would
really like to be able to say I could
speak two languages and I can't I know
very basic French and are bit gutted
about that I think I've got an a-star an
art and an A in textiles so I was happy
with that how do you cope balancing work
family and fans into your everyday life
I don't really think are out like
viewers as having to fit into my
everyday life because if I happen to be
walking down the street and I bump into
somebody that's not something I'm like
fitting in that's just something that
tends to happen but fitting in family
life and like friends and work is much
harder because as I get more and more
busy and live more and more of an adult
lifestyle and have responsibilities like
paying bills and a pet you do get less
time for those things and I think that's
quite a per√≥n like you have all if
you've stuck around for a while you've
all kind of grown up with a lot of us
youtubers and you've seen that change
happening where people kind of stay a
bit more in their own lane and focus a
lot more on what they're doing
and building their own lives and you
when you become an adult that is just
something you have to do which obviously
is enjoyable but it does mean that you
spend less time with friends or you have
to plan time in with your family and as
I don't actually live near my family I
do have to plan that time and when my
calendar is really full that often means
overlapping sometimes so if I've got a
really busy week on it's actually quite
nice if like my mum is here kind of
helping out or just being around so that
in those little moments I do get where
we could sit down and have dinner or
watch my favorite TV program in the
evening she's there too and that's quite
nice and the same with friends and a lot
of my friends are busy and we're all
doing the same thing but that one is a
lot harder to try and juggle and I am a
sort of person that quite likes to
bounce off other people's energy so if I
find that I've not spent time with a
friend or my family or you know someone
outside of like our family life like
myself and Alfie and Nala I do find that
I start to be a bit more withdrawn so I
do think it's very important even if you
have the most busy schedule and busy
like work life that you've set time
aside to see your family and make effort
to meet up with friends when you can and
really like utilise that time it's
almost like a bit of a battery recharged
and I really like it but it does get
more difficult to balance as you get
older so if you're watching this in your
students school make the most of that
time where after every day the bell goes
and you're like what should I do this
evening I don't know should we all go
down to the rec and hang out at the
field that time you will not get that
time back when did you get your second
ear piercing did it hurt and also what
made you do it so I got my second ear
piercing in April last year it was very
last minute spontaneous decision which
is really not like me at all and I felt
quite like proud of myself for doing it
I had I
I wanted to get a second piercing for
quite a while
I liked my original piercing but I much
prefer to feel like I have a lot more
going on on my ears
one day when we went to stay with Tania
and Jim Tom was like yeah I think I
think I might go and get my third ear
pit third ear third ear pierced a third
hole put in to my ear so me Alfie Anton
literally jumped in a taxi and went to
Liberty went to Maria Tosh and got a
piercing but yeah I don't know I was I
think I was just feeling really
spontaneous that day I'm glad I did it
was a little bit nervous I'm not gonna
lie only because I couldn't remember
what it felt like to have my ears
pierced I think I was like 13 or 14 when
I have mine done so long wee while ago
is it okay not to know what you want to
do with your future I feel like I may
have mentioned this before but growing
up one of my biggest things that I dealt
with internally was not knowing what I
wanted to do when I grew up I had people
around me friends other school like
classmates or other people I was at
school with who all had a very clear
path and a very clear vision of where
they wanted to go in their life and in
their careers and whether that was quite
short term or extremely long term I felt
like everyone around me knew what it was
that they a wanted to do or be kind of
really enjoyed so they at least had a
very clear path to go down and I hated
that I didn't have that and no amount of
sitting down and really thinking about
it ever made it come to me and that was
very frustrating and very scary because
you're so aware that you need to grow up
and you become an adult and you need to
move out of your parents home and I feel
like I had a very isolated view of the
world I didn't really know how much
houses cost or that you could rent a
house or I just didn't know these things
and they weren't teaching us
in school we didn't learn about
mortgages and you know buying a car or
buying your first house or even things
like becoming self-employed or going
down a slightly different career route
that wasn't just going to uni and
writing a personal statement so that was
very scary although at the time I felt
like I was the only one I do feel like
this is a huge thing especially when you
get to the age of like 13 14 15 16 when
you have to start making those decisions
like what GCSEs do you want to take
because instantly you're like is this
going to affect my future yes it is in
some way although maybe not so much as
you as it does as you think as you think
it will that doesn't make sense you know
I mean I was picking subjects I enjoyed
and I thought would be useful and I
enjoyed school I really did I enjoyed my
subjects I had great friends and we had
an amazing time in fact I look back at
school and I only really have fond
memories which is so lucky and so rare
and I'm really pleased about that but I
just have that kind of memory of feeling
the kind of drop in the pit of your
stomach like waking up every day
thinking what's my life gonna be and
what is my career going to be because I
know what I like I don't know if that's
what I want to do I think it's perfectly
okay to feel that way because I bet
there's so many other people that feel
that way as well and in life things kind
of happen how they're meant to happen
and you will slot into something whether
you then discover that's not for you or
it helps you to discover what is for you
and then you kind of move on from there
but I think it was the kind of daunting
I need to know Nano which I guess you
don't always need to know it's more
about experience and finding out for
yourself I think who was your celebrity
crush when you were younger Leonardo
DiCaprio because I'd watched Titanic and
absolutel in love with him who else
Michael Owen that was a very short-lived
one Jack Ryder from EastEnders
absolutely obsessed with him thought he
was real but
cuz I just thought soaps were real back
then who else David Beckham I'm trying
to remember all the posters I had on my
wall
oh okay one of my biggest crushes and
looking back through all my old diaries
was like top of the list always was
Orlando Bloom I loved him so much
because I had been to the cinema to see
Lord of the Rings and I had fallen in
love with him as Legolas and then I fell
in love with him and everything else he
was in also Ashton Kutcher is another
one who I absolutely loved and that was
it I think that was most of the people
that I fancied yeah I used to list them
all in order of top 10 in my diary
someone has put do you have a private
Instagram Twitter and Facebook do you
feel like every time you go on any of
the social medias you are working
sometimes well there's a huge bird
outside
that's like prehistoric sometimes I do
feel like that it depends what I'm doing
because if I'm just looking at what my
friends have been up to I stop myself
and think you are aimlessly scrolling
you don't need to see what someone had
for lunch and you don't need to see
someone moaning about something else
just text your friend and say hey how
are you what have you been up to in that
instance I do stop myself because
sometimes I think it's very easy to use
social media as a way of feeling like
you've interacted with someone when you
actually haven't and I discovered this
when I had my detox over the new year
because instead of looking at what
people were doing on their Instagram
story or on Twitter I'm thinking oh I
know what they've done now but that's
not you interacting with someone and
actually asking them and actually
showing that you care about what
someone's doing and I'm a little bit
worried that that's the direction social
media is going in in a sense that people
could just sit and watch my video or see
me out for breakfast on insta story and
think all I don't need to ask her what
she's done because I already know but
then that's when you start losing the
communique
in between people do you know I mean I
feel like an a like a granny likes that
hair like gonna ruin it's gonna ruin the
communication but I do think it's very
important not to let that appear that
that's a way of communicating when it
isn't so whenever I feel like that I
stopped myself I'm like no I'm not gonna
just scroll through this I'm gonna
actually like send a text to be like hey
what have you been up to this weekend
even though I know from their Instagram
stories sort of what they've been up to
or I'll like get my phone out a message
and be like hey I saw that you did this
this looked really cool I don't know I
think I'm quite good at keeping them
separate because in my head I'm like I'm
watching this YouTube video because I
really enjoy it and I'm doing it in like
my spare time I don't know at the end of
the day it's a hobby that turned into
something so it will still always be a
hobby but it's also work and the two are
very merged but and also know I don't
have private accounts I don't really use
my Facebook much anymore my personal
Facebook and the Twitter I have is my
Twitter and the Instagram I have is my
Instagram I don't really see the point
in having a private account because I
don't know what I would put on there
that I wouldn't put on my normal one do
you know what I mean I don't know some I
know some people who do and that's fine
I just I don't think I have time to do
both my boyfriend and I sometimes
struggle with trust and jealousy issues
how do you an how if we do it we're
going to different colleges soon I'm
worried that distance might make it even
harder would love any help or advice
that you can give oh if any of you guys
have any advice for this lovely lady
also leave it in the comments so I
before Alfie I was in a relationship
that was so messed up and manipulative
and there was so much jealousy on my
part because the other person in the
relationship had absolutely no like
sense of what a relationship actually
was so my jealousy was validated in that
sense and I that relationship was very
toxic I'm really not very happy at all
so coming out of that relationship I
told myself I would never be with
someone who ever made me feel unsure
about where they were or what they were
doing like that horrible sinking feeling
where you're like something's not right
I never wanted that ever again and
luckily when I met Alfie and even now
five years later I have never ever had
that feeling me and Alfie are very open
like I mean half the time he's somewhere
else with people I don't know and I'm
the same and we have constant streams of
communication with whoever on multiple
different platforms and we never we
would never break that trust like trust
for me is hugely important and also the
same with Alfie and so the two of us
have never ever had to have a
conversation where we've been like who's
that or what you doing there or I feel
very jealous of this or who is this
person you're hanging out with we've
just never been that couple like ever
which is so refreshing but I think if
you are having those communication is
like the top thing that I could advise
you to do if you are having those like a
little nibbling feelings you need to
make sure that they are justified and
that you're not just feeling them
because of your own kind of niggling
thoughts and if you are having those the
only person who can really reassure you
is the other person in the relationship
so I do think it's very important to
talk about those things and if they love
you and they care about you and they
care about your feelings there's no
listen and they'll reassure you and
they'll support you and hopefully then
you kind of learn to build that trust
back up a little bit also I think it's
fairly normal to feel that when
someone's moving away or going off to
uni I remember one of my ex-boyfriends
went off to uni and that was really hard
because up to that point it was kind of
all very easygoing and we had like all
the same friends and everything was very
settled and then he went off to uni and
all of a sudden he's making all these
new friends who were like tagging him in
crazy nights out on Facebook and I'm
back at home like who's this person and
like oh did you have a good night out I
saw you got back at 6:00 a.m.
you just have to communicate these
things and it is it is normal because if
you
someone and care about someone and the
last thing you want to do is be hurt
then of course you're going to worry
about those things but if you are both
in a really open honest relationship
then you should just be able to talk to
each other about it okay last question
which is worse failing or never trying
if there is something you really really
want to do and there is a reason that
you're not doing it whether that's
someone else a situation or just your
own like self doubt I would say I would
rather know that I tried and failed than
that I had never tried it at all I think
it's a huge part of learning a huge part
of growing and it's all life experience
I would feel so much better knowing I
had given everything my all and I had
really tried it than for ever thinking
what if I really hate the phrase what if
because if I start thinking or if then
I'm not taking opportunities and making
the most of them and I'm not having
enough confidence in myself to follow
through with things and if I start doing
that I have to really stop myself and be
like you you should never really ask
yourself that question you should only
ever say hmm okay that didn't work how
can I move forward from this and what
have I learned from this and how can I
make it better or how can I change it
that I think is just life and growing
Cheers okay so that is the Q&A and that
is everything I'm gonna answer in this
video I really hope you've enjoyed it
and I'm sorry my room my rambles were a
bit question I'm sorry my questions were
a little bit rambley but you know I
can't just give one-word answers to a
Q&A we all know this I really hope you
guys had a lovely weekend and that you
have a super week ahead of you and don't
forget to give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it thank you for always
doing that it really means a lot to me
and don't forget to subscribe if you
haven't already hit the bell if you
would like to be notified every time I
upload it's the quickest way of like
getting onto one of my videos and thank
you for always leaving such lovely
positive comments I will see you again
next week with another video bye
