hello everybody it's finally December
and I am so so excited for this crazy
month if you don't already I have
another channel which I will be filming
every single day up until the 24th which
is Christmas Eve so there will be a vlog
every day over on that channel so make
sure these shoulders are really pointy
I'm wearing a men's jumper and it is not
a nice fit
it's got Macaulay Culkin on it but the
the I think I just need to wear it
so make sure you go on over and
subscribe to that channel so that you
can see every day when I wrote a video
for p.m. over on my more zoella channel
it's where most of the festivities are
going to be happening so make sure you
go on over and do that but firstly this
is the first video on this channel in
December and that is going to be my
November favorites I actually didn't get
around to doing an October favorites
mostly because I didn't really have
anything new that I was loving that I
didn't already love in September so this
is kind of the things I've been loving
through October and November there's
also not an awful lot of beauty product
and a hell of a lot of food and like
random things first thing is this
cleanser this is the soap & Glory deep
purifying hot cloth cleanser called the
ulti melt I've been using quite a lot of
this I love the packaging for a start I
think it's amazing
oh I've really hurt my thumb I burnt it
on my curlers so I give this a huge
thumbs up for the packaging absolutely
love it I have had this before and I
don't know why I just never really used
it I think I got very overwhelmed with
my cleanser collection and I'm just
never reach for this but I really really
like it
you just massage a great sized splodge
of the ultimo onto your face and neck
for at least two minutes rub stubborn
clogged spots ee then press off with a
warm wet washcloth does exactly what it
says on the squeezy tube and it's also a
very reasonable price so if you are on
the hunt for a new cleanser or makeup
remover I would HIGHLY
recommend this the next thing I've been
loving which I don't really have much
left of is this molten Brown shower gel
I love molten Brown shower gels I don't
know why I just think their sense are
very unique but also they really linger
for quite a long time and I like that in
a shower gel this one is the exquisite
vanilla and violet flower this isn't a
very festive or Christmassy scent I know
around this time of year most people
want something that's a bit more this
time of year season seasonal and this
isn't really that but I just flip in
love this smell a lot it's very unique
it's kind of sweet but not too sweet
because you know I don't like anything
too sweet yeah I love it
I really really like it any time Alfie's
used this in the shower and he walks
back in I can smell it on him I know
he's used it I mean the bottle speaks
for itself of absolutely loved it to be
fair I never really stick to one shower
gel in the shower
I have about five on the go currently
the next thing is actually a deodorant
this is the soft and gentle
antiperspirant 48-hour protection in
verbena how you say that's a Benna
verbena I'm gonna say verbena and water
lily aunty white marks for sensitive
skin I'm not gonna go into too much
detail I was gonna say here's the story
but it's not really a story but I used
to use the mitchum water lily deodorant
and that has just vanished
mitchum where is your water lily
deodorant gone because that was my
absolute favorite scent in the world I
loved it like I actually looked forward
to spring my pits in the morning and
then it just disappeared so I was like
right wow I need to go on the hunt for
something else that smells great and
keeps my pits dry then when Mark was
around he used this so he had this and
he sprayed it and I was like oh that's
mother lovely can I borrow your
deodorant because we were just getting
ready in the same room so I grabbed his
yogurt I sprayed it and I was like oh
that reminds me of something and it
reminded me of the mitchum one then I
have a little look what's in it water
lily
it's bloody water lily so yes this is
great
it's an antiperspirant it does what it
doesn't like an but I particularly love
this because it smells like my old
favorite mitchum water lily deodorant
next thing I've been loving is this this
is the huda beauty warm brown obsessions
palette this arrived in my peer box not
too long ago and it was one of those
items where I instantly saw it and knew
I would love it and knew I would use it
a lot I just want to check I haven't got
right on my teeth I also love how
compact is very easy to travel throw it
in my makeup bag I love these colors a
lot there are very autumnal colors so I
guess depending on the sorts of colors
you want to do on your eyes around this
time of year I just I really really like
them I also really love the pigmentation
of these and how soft they are
and how easy they are to blend I just
really very highly rate this palette
every single color works well with every
single color they're all matte shades
besides this very golden cooperation
Marie one in the middle which I love
because I tend to mostly use this orange
here this coppery one and then this one
here for like in the crease I am
constantly trying out new shampoos it's
one of the things I really love to test
because having like sleeky soft hair
sneaky soft sleek and soft hair is nice
it's a really nice bonus and I feel like
some shampoos and conditioners are
definitely up there with making blond
dyed hair feel shiny and some just don't
really cut it I have been using the pure
ology hydrate shampoo and conditioner
for dry color treated hair and I've been
really enjoying using these they both
smell completely different which really
threw me off because I was like am I
using a different conditioner to the
shampoo the shampoo smells quite
lavender E and then this one's very
minty so it's like a real like menthol
experience like it leaves your scalp
feeling very fresh and I really like
that especially if you're washing your
hair in the morning it's quite a nice
like wake me up feeling I've been really
really liking using these I really
recommend them moving on to something a
little more
random I can't remember who recommended
I use these sometimes I get really awful
horrible disgusting headaches that
literally knock me out
probably a migraine to be fair sounds
about right
and of course there are tablets and
other things you can take but these
these bad boys are amazing so these are
the cool ensues immediate calling relief
for migraines
so there are strip essentially it's like
a blue strip and then this side is very
soft and like self like and then you
just peel this off and you stick it to
your head in fact I think in one of my
vlogs you can see me wearing it and any
time I have one of those awful migraines
that literally make you go to bed in the
dark I whack one of these on and it
really really helps so if any of you
suffer with really awful headaches or
migraines as well as your medication I
can't recommend these enough they just
feel amazing or even sometimes if I feel
one coming I'm like nope whack on a head
strip go and lie down sorted like I
never go without these in my medicine
cupboard now I add these to my grocery
shop online like every week it's that
time of year again when all the festive
smells come about and I know I've
mentioned this before but I'm gonna
mention it again because if any of you
didn't see my video last year you might
watch this and then you know what to go
and get your Christmas pal by Christmas
power I mean that one friend you have
that's essentially me who gets way too
excited about Christmas and needs
everything festive this smells like
everything Christmasy rolled into one
and this is the next festive spice
diffuser I also have a next festive spy
scandal but I just find the diffuser is
a lot stronger and I always buy these
every year and try put them in as many
rooms as I can and it does really make a
difference it really does I love the
smell I love how long these last love
them love them love them love them this
is also kind of
and I feel like it's something I love
all year round but I have been loving it
that like a little bit more and that is
Harry Potter I love Harry Potter
I love the films and I've been watching
them a lot and I've also just decided to
start reading the books from the
beginning again so I've started with
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
I actually really love the covers of
these ones I bought these on Amazon like
quite a while ago and they've been in my
bookshelf and I've been meaning to read
them reading these just feels very
comforting and I yeah I'm loving it
absolutely loving it
moving swiftly on to food first thing
are these and I just have to warn you
none of this is very healthy
Cadbury's crunchy melts with a chocolate
Center mmm these sort of remind me of
the Maryland gooeys I don't know if I
ever talked about those before but they
were Maryland cookies they were quite
big and they were full of like a
hazelnut chocolate and I can't seem to
find them anywhere anymore so I don't
know if they disappeared or maybe
Cadbury bought what the recipe I have no
idea what's going on there but Maryland
gooeys disappeared and these appeared
and I was like oh I wonder if they're
similar they are they're delicious
is essentially a chocolate chip cookie
but with like gooey chocolate in the
middle and if you like the sound of that
I would definitely try them the next
thing which are gonna have to be quite
quick with because it is currently
melting amee's to be fair these are
actually fat and healthy as far as like
ice lollies and ice creams go
these are definitely a lot more healthy
than your typical nobody bubbly these
are you moose kind of letter kids I
don't think they are I think they could
be for anyone
frozen yogurt lollies these are
dee-licious I can't even tell you how
great these are I love them they come in
a box there's three flavors there's
tropical which is this one there's mixed
berry and there's strawberry and they're
all great they're all very delicious
they're all very yummy and I'm the sort
of person who quite likes a nice
or an isolate after dinner regardless of
what the weather is like and I've just
been eating these like drinking water
this next favorite is Christmas
chocolates you may recognize some of
these because most families around this
time of year will have at least one of
these stashed away for munching whilst
you're watching Christmas films or
watching something festive on the TV I
however have all four right of the
varieties I would really like to know
what your favorite is if I'm honest
we have the Cadbury Heroes no lip
celebrations are all over the floor it's
okay Cadbury's heroes which have a good
selection personally my favorites and a
whisper in the 12 then we have
celebrations which are mostly all over
my floor and I would have to say my
favorite in this is the bounty in the
Mars bar I know that bounty is quite
controversial not many people like a
bounty I personally love about D then we
have the roses one of the more
traditional chocolate boxes have to say
not impressed with this new packaging it
feels like there's not really many in
there and I don't like this new
packaging I preferred the foil wrapping
myself because this confuses me because
they all look the same
I like the caramel bite and the
strawberry dream and their orange the
tangy orange cream as well probably the
most traditional we have quality Street
not a lot of people's favorite I did a
poll on my Instagram actually and this
came out like the worst since 1936 comes
in this lovely Christmassy tin and still
has its original packaging that's much
much much much very happy which makes me
very happy
smells the most Christmassy
also I think my favorite is the orange
chocolate crunch and the strawberry
delight and the fudge but yeah let me
know which one your favorite is I
actually whipped those out like
Halloween was over these came out they
will all get eaten mostly by me
that's mostly food but then I thought I
feel like you can't expect anything less
than just very chocolatey items around
this time of year because all you can
really purchase other things I've loved
too TV series the first one is stranger
things - my gosh I absolutely gremlin
Jory talk about stranger things - with
me yeah there's 90% edible yeah oh my
god so how if he doesn't want to be in
the video she's gonna lie on my lap
stranger things - is incredible I really
love stranger things I thought how can
anything top this I did worry a little
bit when they said there's gonna be a
second series I didn't want it to feel
like oh the first one did really well
that's try and like make a second one
but not really have a storyline I was
very wrong it was so good there's a
couple of new characters who I instantly
fell in love with who was your favorite
new character look I'm talking to my
vagina who's your favorite new character
I don't know any of their names I can't
remember their names
I just got an itch sorry guy I thought
that season 2 was better than season 1
yeah I think so too I feel like it had
more emotion if that was at all possible
like it had more like more feels I think
and surprisingly 11 was in it less know
ya know she had like a whole dedicated
episode she wasn't in it oh yeah that
was a weird up so naturally yeah that
was the
only episode I was a little bit like
 it was actually episode 7 don't I
flippin loved it and if any of you're
watching this and you're like oh I just
don't think stranger things is for me
you need to watch it because I promise
you you will like it I mean that's a
very big promise to make it's not too
scary
I don't think season 2 was that scary if
you ask me but then my level of
tolerance for scary things is quite high
the other program the second program I
absolutely loved was Bob dogs no smart
program was called the syndicate Alfie's
nodding but he's watched one episode so
myself and Mark we spent like four days
together why do you okay another job no
while salfi was in Dubai myself and Mark
spent like four days together during
those four days we managed to watch all
of series 1 of the syndicate and most of
series 2 it's about it actually came out
in 2012 but they've been reassuring it
on ITV at the moment so I believe you
can watch on ITV player it's about a
group of people alfie is mooning me do
you mind I love your jumper from the
men's section on a sauce oh my god you
know I should have bought it way more
oversized I really liked it
they probably so got it you can use my
affiliate link if you like so it's about
a group of people that work together who
all chip in for a lottery ticket and
they all win and that isn't like
spoiling it because that is what the
whole if we stopped it but it's what the
hot that's Mark's hangar and it is so
good it's very addictive I really think
you'll like it go onto iPlayer and not
iPlayer ITV player or you can download
them on Amazon which is what I did with
the second series and I watched it that
way but really really good and it has
some great actors and actresses in it
actresses
actresses in it anyway that is pretty
much everything I've
loving over the past two months as
always let me know in the comments what
you've been loving let me know which of
these Christmas chocolate tins is your
favorite I want the debate to continue
over here because I think on my
Instagram poll
it was celebrations and miniature heroes
that won
so like the two classics roses and
quality street didn't fare too well
don't forget to check out the link to my
vlog channel make sure you go on over
and subscribe and get involved with
vlogmas give this video a thumbs up if
you are excited for more Christmasy
content and you enjoyed this video and I
will see you again very very soon
