oh nice and hairy now I've always been
hairy
hello everybody today I am joined with
Alfie deyes aka my boyfriend I feel like
I start every video like that whenever
I'm with you the video that we are
filming today is the boyfriend tag so I
thought you know why is all about me
no it's about us together as a couple so
the couple tag
nobody is called the boyfriend tag did
you bring your boyfriend in your channel
okay so I've been really nice to athlete
Jen I've said you know what I'll let you
come on my channel and we'll film this
video that everyone has been desperate
for me to do since I met you the
pressure in case any of you aren't
familiar the boyfriend tag is something
that has been floating around the
internet for a really long time there's
a set of questions and we leave them in
the description box and we're going to
answer them for you honest I only I
honestly don't even know what one of the
questions is question number one whoa
where did we meet I would joke a meet me
what is this like a competition I meant
to know what you meant to know or we're
just talking about Jeff no competition
no everything is a competition I like
those that I have to say and you have to
say we see if we get it right no it's
just a discuss oh it's just assuming
these guys know we met ah a YouTube
event back in what year like 2012 it was
in 2012 me and you it was actually oh
sorry I was going to say me Louise went
to see you and Marcus in your hotel room
before we went to the event it was
before the actual event and I remember
because you were texting me I were on
the way in seven I was like brushing my
teeth Mia mocks has stayed there the
night before and I'm hearing you knock
on the door and I was like top listeners
I
it's this weird first time excuse you a
little bit if the first time I meet Zoe
in Louise I'm just saying standing here
a lot my boxers because I was I was like
shave out of shaving in the bathroom or
describe count because we it's videos
called in Skype for like hours and hours
but is it a match cool okay in London
okay question number two where was our
first date
oh I've got an answer for this so do I
but I don't know if your answers the
same
my answer I'm gonna create cash go set
three do you want it my feeling like
because we were friends first it's
really hard to know what no I I know
when it was but I feel like our first
proper thing that we did together when
we were like seeing each other my turn
so do i but we weren't like official
yeah was when we get cozy cross my legs
was when we went on the Brighton wheel I
know I was gonna say a different time
what were you gonna say I can actually
insert some pictures of us on the
Brighton wheel can I do that yeah and it
was it was all good but it wasn't all
good between astrias oh good because we
went on the right and wheel we had some
VIP experience there like joint
champagne before as always like I don't
even drink
I'm not even you want champagne by
myself it was not the day we got on the
wheel and we're like what now what do we
do now we like doing just take
instagrams like no it wasn't awkward bit
no we're doing us when on well that's
what I made around I was like I wonder
how long were all this for like they
said three times around but we
definitely around like 10 times yeah I
was going to say when we went to can see
Billy Elliot oh that was that was a
folio sided happen first we have to look
at photos of my fuzzy see which one I
brighten will happen to us I think the
right way but that was like a date I was
like what no it was a it was like you
really know I didn't even pay for it
someone just said do we want to go on it
for free
did we go to looking up central as well
but yeah that's basically I went to stay
at alfea's and he was like we could meet
I filmed a video or something I think we
did a you now maybe I remember it was
the day I uploaded my video on panic
attacks and anxiety what a very day that
I hit upload on that because on the
train on the way to be Lily I was
reading through everyone's comments yeah
so Zoe arrived at my parents house and
just expecting to complete like stay
like normal and I said ah we're going
somewhere exciting like I planned a
little something and I know you're not
the most keen on surprises because of
your anxiety or you like them I think
difficult for you yeah
so I was like just trust me with this
one you're going to enjoy it okay and
bearing in mind wasn't great with travel
either and we travelled at peak time
yeah I'm surprised even bloody got that
so he got in the taxi and so is okay
where we going like to a restaurant or
something I said bring your suitcase
with you she's like what is going on we
jumped on the train okay we learn in
London and I wouldn't even let you know
we're on the train we were going at
first until they were like saying London
and stuff yeah I know it was like oh my
god we could literally end up in
anywhere Manchester can see right in
London then then you said ah do we need
a taxi and I was like no we don't need
another taxi because Billy Elliot's
literally like outside Victoria Station
so we walked to Billy Elliot and yeah
then we went to go see the show and I
purposely booked tickets that had aisle
seats so we were like right next to i
okay so I wanted to leave if you're
anxious yeah we're the best seats as
well you could get and then then we
stayed and then we stayed in that hotel
yeah and then afterwards you were like
our survival my bags are we going back
knows I know but really cool hotel and I
and we've actually stayed in that hotel
since then like five times
yeah we love that hotel what was your
first impression of me
I hate cringy stuff like this and we're
doing you're gonna hate a ring in this
whole video then be serious which in the
first impression I just saw when I saw
you across the room at a party that was
the first impression was no no when you
knew me what was your first impression
of first impression is like first
impression yeah show your customer the
body I dunno I feel like my first
impression of you is that you were yeah
no I think it was that you were really
outgoing like I was like he is not shy
of anything like like because of your
like videos and like just how you were
like you're very charismatic and you're
very like outgoing but not in like an
annoying way just been like you're like
really short perfect
no not hockey you're just like sure of
yourself and confident and like yeah I
think that was my first impression of
you I don't know
then I'm a first impression of you oh
and is it I don't remember the first
time I stick no because what happened is
that though it like long story short Zoe
liked one of my videos
once come dealers Oh analogy videos are
like now so that bloomin hell is this
it's running on her channel and there's
160 thousand subscribers I was like oh
geez
I tweeted her said thanks for liking my
video and you treat him about Jane I saw
you at the party
and I and then I DMD you literally oh
yeah wait I am never like this I am
never like this so this is why I can't
remember like our first impression of
each other because I am never like this
with girls at all so I see if I can find
it I'm at an ID energy is saying what
JEP was your Skype or something like
that but why didn't I say what's your
number that evening we Skyped for like
six hours on video Ouisa Skype until at
4:00 a.m. every night video though so we
would hear the birds outside we're like
oh my god we should probably go to but
we didn't even know each other like the
first time I ever spoke to you was on
video and Skype likes within that we
tweeted each other once and then we were
Skype video for six hours I feel like
I'm very like that like if I know I'm
gonna get on with someone I'm like screw
the faffing around let's just get on you
know well know what did we talk about
the first time there's no everything we
talked about everything when did you
meet the family I met your family the
first day I ever came to your house yeah
met your family I met your mom actually
do a movement after lunch in that cool
place it was kind of like a church that
was yeah just into like a and my grandma
yeah and your grandma's down you my mom
and my grandma yeah um when did I meet
your dad probably just fat so much your
house yeah I don't know one hey just go
yeah do I have any weird obsessions if
so what you never do anything we kind of
already just touched on this you never
do anything a little bit like yesterday
you read an entire book in at three
hours or you know if you've seen this TV
series then you watch it all in one day
like you're never just like I'm enjoying
this at the moment you're either
obsessed and you are only doing that
thing or nothing at all or not it at all
you're obsessed with Facebook viral
videos oh crap if Alfie is behind on any
deadlines is because he's been scrolling
through Facebook for five hours watching
the like this too hard to not watch them
all ages note recessive gadget yeah like
camera equipment yes Oh question six how
long have we been together I feel like
everyone has been gasps have you even
ever said never said how long we've
actually been together funnily enough
actually we've never even celebrated an
anniversary we forget all the time the
first anniversary we were at in like he
was on tour in America orgy hand of that
did you tour the next run we were on
Berlin Amity Wester the next one yes
well I'm fetch the next anniversary and
then last year we just like forgot and
it was like the 8th then we were like in
nothing or anniversaries on the 4th we
always say like this we always say
whether it's the 3rd or the 4th and it
was the 8th anartha you know that
footage goes our anniversary yeah oh
yeah so you've been together not three
and a half years three and a half years
wait let me say wow remember December
Jennifer three and a half years do you
know that's a long time not subliminal
that's too low enough but I'm happy to
do the boyfriend tag every I said he
said it's too long DLO you're lucky i
yeah you're lucky
no you're not gonna get that do you have
a tradition do we have a tradition I
feel like we do but I don't know good
answer
we don't do we not really I feel like
we're pretty standard said my stomach
fighting again Oh a tradition is like
joke
what was our first road trip together
probably go into each other's house yeah
I was literally gonna say that is a road
trip going from my house out of his
house every time to visit him was so
long like three and half hours also we
get to travel the world together so it
doesn't really count
no as we travel a lot together that's
the verse one of the good things of
heaven Zoey doing YouTube as well is
that when it's like Alvie you need to be
on tour for two weeks in America I'm
like was always on that tour as well
so it's kind of easier what was the
first thing that you noticed about me do
you know what I feel like one of yours
words that I noticed that you have
really long dark eyelashes why can't
that be a dick don't know but I remember
I remember thinking his eyelash is a
really long and dark and your smirk
remember you used to do a little smirk
I'm gonna try and find a picture and
served it now my side smack yeah a
little like the fact that you bloom in
love disco pants
I didn't yeah a disco pounds off used to
wear your black disco pants everyday
play oh my god who misses disco pants I
actually do what is my favorite rest I
don't know you're hiding it this isn't a
comedy show this is like what is my
favorite restaurant you can't just pick
like a small boutique in like Bowl one
thing that doesn't deliver I'm just
gonna say that okay I'm gonna go with
our Chapel a glass or whatever nope
Jamie's nope no your favorite restaurant
I think there is no because I just leave
I never tried one dish from there no I
like everything on them Zoey is one of
those people that when she goes to rest
when she gets the same actually so am i
I'm exactly the same I get the same dish
every time my chicken salad chicken and
avocado salad it's what you would have
all the time we didn't even say those
very fresh one is bills oh yeah your
favorite restaurant
I find that very odd depends what mood
I'm in yeah I Jamie's is a very good
challenge it just has everything what do
we argue about the most this is the
easiest thing house is so easy toy
houses or no but it's not easy for you
to say what your first impression of new
ones no because that's long ago I forget
that setting up these lights for this
video oh my god now we didn't actually
argue no we did knock knock you just got
stressy
I didn't get stressed II got closer to
being stressed I think the thing your
argue my start is either tidiness or
just Jen
generally if either of us are stressed
it just the other person just matches
that stress level instantly yeah but we
don't argue argue nice we like bicker
yeah who wears the pants in the
relationship
now we've answered this before and I
genuinely just don't think either yeah I
think it depends four different things
yeah like sometimes you do sometimes I
do I think it's quite balanced I think
we were a pant each also this has passed
since the American version but that
means underwear for us so let's just say
who wears the trousers we're pretty
chilled most of the time give me five
for that I know what you're gonna do I
read your mind oh oh if I am watching TV
what am i watching let him let him
probably Geordie Shore if a Geordie
Shore or TV series and if I touch the
remote or Harry Potter we are broken up
Oh Harry Potter Harry Potter which I
littered say to last night please can we
stop which and Harry Potter it's been on
for like three days straight you hear we
watch TV Impractical Jokers yeah maybe
that or or Ross Kemp gang there we go or
something some kind of documentary I
love documentaries what is one food I do
not like every is it so what was 150 you
do like mushrooms yeah don't like about
me one food you don't like tomatoes 2000
million turns out is sometimes smarter
in a salad it's alright manageable
tomorrow on its own lamb NOLA oh you
never eat lamb a lamb in Jamie's all the
time lamb with lentils what don't you
like mushrooms courgette peppers oh is
that good
cool sure who's right boys yeah course
yeah
yes I'd crack you come business course
yeah right go ahead
what drink Dordogne we go out to eat
water yeah used to order lemonade
probably an elderflower yeah or like a
virgin mojito yeah if we're going to my
that does it if there's something minty
about me cause yeah you'll have like
eight pints of water
and oh when we go to Jamie if you get
that it must go your if they have a
Moscow Mule then that is the one what
size shoe do I wear three maybe if you
wear a 10
alright cause ya know you used to be a
10 more feet you shrunk yeah I'm just
really there a 9 or 10 what is my
favorite kind of sandwich courgette egg
Mayo
yeah yours is some sort of chicken some
sort of chicken sandwich chicken salad
chicken salad sandwich
what is one talent that I have boys
there's a hard one
preliminary being able to do your your
wings in evenly that's what you're most
impressed that I can do your talent you
get to drive in Thanks you're good at
driving
hang on more I'll take that what's my
talent being able to stay calm
in heated situation you have so many
talents you do you do your good and
self-taught talents so you can do the
Raven
cube you could go but now basically
seriously waste your time good at
rollerskating you got loads of talent no
you're gonna rollerskate it you'll get
it using the bike bike right I bought
Zoe your bikes how many times you be
used here how many times you use upon
that what do you got spider I'm gonna
leave a picture in here this is the best
thing I've ever seen I think you like oh
right time I'll be users bike I do
cycling it back from the shop what would
I eat every day if I could cause yeah
I'm gonna say smarter pasta yeah with
mash and peas
no why not what would I every day so
yeah kind of weird
Fuji he's made up this is this is my gal
this is lies get told these are cheese
filled pasta tomato sauce yeah wait I'm
ash on the side yeah but I wouldn't eat
that for the rest wife if I could ODP
what do you really enjoy chocolate MAGIX
know what that number
cause yeah you would have a burger every
day if you could why would I have a bad
guy
I tell me they're more some sort of
chicken the sweet potato fries I said no
knows that yeah that count yeah okay
Nando's counts what is my favorite
cereal Golden Grahams yeah yours is
chocolate shreddies mm-hmm what is my
favorite music that's harder it reacts
really Rajic maybe Ellie golden Ellie
Goulding it down yeah feels is Justin
feed you know I'm talking about Cindy
Lou whoever name hits what is my
favorite sports team can you even know
it was yours can you even name a sport
yeah of course I can on then find the
home football blanket
so Albion what is my eye color cause
yeah blue what about mine hazel
chocolate and hey you have to be such a
beauty blogger yeah you can't just say
brown what is something you do that I
wish you didn't put to stuff away move
stuff like tidy things up and then
you're like where's my bloomin battery
Joey that's what you think I wish you
didn't do tidy
what do you do with music that drives me
round oh I played the same song on
repeat for like three days yeah I wish
you didn't do that I think you wish I
didn't leave things as piles in the
house that's a good one that's probably
it I mean the pattern that I'm just
perfect to live with oh yeah
where am i from what is my origin the
Schreyer Wiltshire correct am I wrong
London we're about Tottenham hmm what
kind of cake would you bake me on my
birthday
of course yeah oh I did get somebody bit
you ok there David a would you be oh
sorry there but I can make a cake I
wouldn't know how lit you and how I
tried to me and probably tried to bake
cake once and we've got those tins you
know the ones where you can like clip
them yeah and we made with the cake
mixture put it all in worked out yeah
brought it all in yeah pulled out and
then went pick it up we didn't put
bottom in it so it's going all on the
floor
I'm so glad you are
my cakes okay I would make you like a
sponge with like fresh fruit and fresh
cream I think that I'd like that
oh I think I just like really chocolaty
yeah I was gonna say cherry heavy
chocolate neither when I made sure and
that was nice that was really good but
not a fresh fruit one please don't do
that
oh the next questions do I play any
sports what and I spent hours doing I
spent hours editing when it's not
necessary
you are pretty slow in this very first
gonna take so long you're like operation
over everything you're so slow editing I
often just come in and just do it for
you I think all we really spend hours
it's filthy videos it's like filming or
meetings yesterday and missions for long
I could spend hours in the boxing I
could spend hours each end yeah really
easily if I could live anywhere where
would it be probably here Brighton
mm-hmm I'd say Friday
I'd love to have a like if I could ever
have a second house so I'd love to have
a second house in the hot country but I
do think having a house in LA would be
awesome eyes all the kuan-yin yeah it's
not yeah yes yeah yes not Jack and give
me five give him five
no give it no good right that's enough
of that that's the boyfriend tag we've
done it by name you're hiding oh don't
tickle me I hate that you like that
cause yeah I hope you enjoyed the video
give a thumbs up if you did and I'll be
assisting by all mothers give it a
thumbs up if you did give that big old
thumbs up if you're happy that I finally
film this video and I will I'll see down
and made him do it with me we also
filmed a video over on Abby's channel we
did the yoga challenge it was crazy
said it was so mad make my raisins they
did a backflip on my head make sure that
you can over a naked yoga challenge
can you imagine yoga naked right sex oh
yeah click the link in the description
box make sure to subscribe to happy
while you're there and also subscribe to
me if you haven't already I would really
like that
hey thank you very much for watching
hope you drive I already said that see
you later everybody
I wait does this tickle no I hate if you
do that let me just I'll read it to you
tonight if you touch me now I'm gonna do
it you in your sleep tonight I mean uh
maybe this video to go get out your own
video do you smell that
what is the focus for the fish no I can
smell the fish what I mean the fish is
if that's like a thing you can't smell
that
nada yeah Oh No
what do we do today we'll say we filmed
a video on your channel would it be film
ivy oh we fill the yoga challenge oh my
god everyone go over and watch it
I'm washing it every good why is there
so much fluff in the air you see it yeah
we did
when Vinay we never did it mmm again on
your mom I'm I'm trusting you okay trust
me
please don't tickle me no I've shown him
on my hand down there oh yeah cheering
Justin a shit yeah now let me do a
tiered I got it I promise
Oh promise is more than a trust so yeah
tonight yes yeah trust me
John's me I'm saying trust me if you lie
I'm expecting to get 10 million
subscribers for your channel okay put
your arm up take your hand away don't
want to look at this take your hand away
trust me I don't like this no I tickles
already but don't just hold your hand I
don't like this
I don't why are you holding my finger ah
alive but I didn't do it okay trust me
again then no starts gonna get you again
I'm looking at mine again
don't just say we all should be opening
okay look at my bun okay I won't let my
hair's like UI problem look at this
right you don't normal and watch right
let's go here just do it when you're
holding my single hands because I love
them big booty bitches big penis oh boy
cause yeah
you
