for a trick though wish I was a
punk-rocker with flowers in my hair to
hit wonder don't you look beautiful
absolutely mum says have I got any
boogers okay and everybody I am joined
today with my friend mark faris hello
everybody I have missed you since you
were here last week thank you
various occasions mark has watched me
putting my makeup on and one time he
said you know what I think I'd be really
good at huh so I was like okay that is a
video Paulino I want to actually see how
good mark is at doing my makeup and
we're not doing it like silly I've
actually said to him I want you to
really dry so I gave mark free rein of
my makeup this morning and he picked
everything he wanted to put on my face
right I'm going to do you are for
Croydon night out yeah right at night oh
this is your fave so this is gonna make
a little cameo yeah what kind of lips
are you gonna do if you go like heavy on
the eyes what you're doing on the lips
or if you go too heavy on the lips what
you turn on the eye you wouldn't know
about that
mokey I'm really scared what are you
scared of just making you look like a
clown because I hate clown what's all
this contour what me use their senior
for this
it's what he used to wash makeup as you
know I thought it was sin creature
foundation brush no I've reckon this is
like a blush is it slow girl fear this
is don't know got your face but you can
still I put your eyelashes put your eyes
thumbs up what's this again blush blush
and highlight all right
hello hey legend tree of goodies I was
quite like actually you go oh why sure
what about like um what they called like
a base like a face base foundation know
like a like a primer you've got a right
it's okay right we're gonna start with
this you always start a foundation okay
have I done this right I said later come
on and then you squeeze like a drop
Harbor goodness okay
so why are we going to mix well you know
when you're going to hold it you get tan
mmm I'd like a drop into my normal photo
so not that oh okay you've come back off
all the day you're seeing your friends
down the pub down the goosing Croydon
look at me tap Nicole oh my neck is so
right next it's all right don't you
think I look like et no you enjoying
that brush though yeah I think the brush
helps suck really it gets around ha ha
ha ha bro you have to slow that down
you're like you say brush I say look bro
see what you doing here like we're going
to brighten under the eyes and just
above the eye okay no above the
cheekbone yeah
make them pies go pop I think when I
like proper la you go Simon okay exactly
the same but less it tickles me quite
quick how's it looking yeah good I think
we're naturally quite loud it'd be quick
your face carried the brush gotta make
them
I'm just gonna tighten you up a bit oh
it's a ID oh my gosh
what happening is it really close your
eyes I can feel it like perfect arrival
coming out serious videos away do you
think we can ever film a serious video
yeah when pigs flat
you haven't seen ever black oh I just
could be what you did as a okay good
about leaving Cooper yeah we've gone for
the glam bronze latina straighten and no
hesitation no shyness brow fatigue dip
and rush do you predict it first then
Lucas yeah okay choice oh no oh oh my
god that comes out there
but that does it dry quick this is the
most quiet we've ever been in the same
room
oh that's actually done a shallow
fashion night that was yeah oh stop in
jabbing back to the eyeliner then yeah
we're gonna do the eyeliner now back in
with the eyeliner damn mano get it again
with the I love you right did that help
yeah actually
Dreyer sorry I'm get a job ooh oh yeah
egg what what I say egg when I get a job
baby because that's not a word you use
you say in a sentence so when you get a
job you just say cake and then you goes
back to normal
oh that's why you should do anyway see
that this never happened but two seconds
ago did huh go Tiger Tiger have a couple
of bombs it's all good you actually
imagine just like picture it for a
second dock to the ranch bag yeah dance
on the bar dancing on the bar Mika Oh
pop your step bitch because it's gonna
calm you up how would you do this you
put it on here
that was easy it is not so easy I was
really good at art you know I don't even
feel like I'm wearing any well what can
I say
I'm an actual Asha Rana Joakim I'm
Jorgen he's gonna love it
it's Black Thursday who's this soul
can you imagine alfie saying that no
maybe maybe leaving oh you look a yeah
you've done this before
everyday sorry if I hurt I'm just trying
to get we are gonna be using the B by
Terry comp announcer hydropower
hydropower hydropower oh this is like
stage makeup there is a lot on there in
there but just gonna do it for it
it's like in town oh why this is just
another one gonna take your father off
the roaster I'm so different breath
that's massive over and this is settled
dinner
it looks good on tumblr it doesn't look
good in real life yeah just gonna
smarten it up the big reveal is there
anything you want to say before I look I
think so it looks very nice is this how
you think I should wear my makeup no not
at all but this is just a look that I
thought that you could if I so if I came
out looking like this you've got that
looks amazing but you probably do a lot
better than me
and I don't I don't think the lips look
but I think the color on the lips acibi
that oh my god oh my god let's just go
oh we are knows this is snob Oh over a
little mark yeah I actually think you
haven't done a like you've done a pretty
good job of the skin
I think maybe a bit too much bronzer
yeah definitely here yeah I think I'm
most impressed is eyeshadow blending
really yeah you've ever done it it is
really the eyeshadow blending is really
good
you put the lashes on really well
they're like super close to the actual
lashes hmm what's your least favorite I
think the lid yeah yeah like the lip
liner was really hard I think I should
have just been it with the lipstick
should you worry this is the question
everyone wants to know would I wear this
out to an event I honestly think the
only thing I would do is tidy up the lip
liner yeah for you another maybe I would
blend not bad it is it actually is bad
on this site ready for my light out in
Croydon so guess something I guess I can
sit up a bit
jemelle that song Lebanese day well well
thank you so much mark thank you makes
me look beautiful and I will for sure
maybe possibly ask you to do it again if
you guys enjoyed this video please make
sure to give it a thumbs up and as
always if you have any other ideas for
videos leave them in the comments below
because I love seeing your suggestions
we also know the video over a Marx
channel where we did the whisper I
should have gone whispering whisper
challenge so make sure you go on over to
his channel to watch that and make sure
you subscribe to him whilst you are
there thank you in advance thank you and
I will see you again very soon bye bye
ah right left right let's take this all
this off yeah no no let's just fuck let
me get it off my face my cowboy hat
she'd open up any maker
oh your lunch application mmm it's on
point I welcome you Wow
could you do some new kill kill that one
and qual Rajanna just touch
