hello everybody today I am going to be
talking you through some of my March
favorites which I do apologize is late
when I actually came to editing my video
I didn't like it and that very rarely
happens here on my channel in fact like
barely ever so I scrapped it and decided
to film it again because if you're not
happy with something change it fix it
sort it out I have a lot of things I
want to talk through in this video as
always and we all know I'm a Rambler so
I'm gonna get started and I'm not going
to ramble about rambling well of last
minute starting with beauty items
oh hello dog no that's not for you first
thing I'm going to talk about is this
which is the Tarte rainforest of the sea
water foundation in the shade fair to
neutral
I briefly talked about this or actually
in a little bit more detail over on my
spring makeup video so you can go and
check that out if you want to see me
applying it and the kind of consistency
that it is and the coverage that it
gives but I've been reaching for this
pretty much every day for around 2
months or since I received it in my
Pierre box and I really really like it
normally I'm not one for words
foundations I prefer something that
feels slightly thicker in consistency to
blend I don't normally like really
watery foundations because I find that
they streak slightly more but I haven't
had that issue with this and I really
like the coverage it's medium to
buildable I would say but doesn't feel
heavy on your skin and I think that's
one of the main reasons I've really
enjoyed it I think one of the things
that puts quite a few people off
foundation is that kind of thick I want
to say craggy clacking is probably not
the right word but it's like that
feeling of wearing a lot of makeup isn't
necessarily comfortable and this is a
really comfortable foundation so if
you're one of those people that doesn't
really like that feeling of wearing
foundation or you find that your
foundation transfers a lot onto your
clothing or onto other people's clothing
which sometimes I do find that with
clothes
if I were testing out a new foundation I
like to do that hug somebody and check
their shoulder
routine which does actually prove to be
quite successful not so great if the
foundation transfers pretty badly
because then that person is left with
like an orange e stain on their shoulder
all day but uh yeah this is shoulder hug
proof so you're all good on that front
next up is something that I featured in
a Boots haul awhile ago and it is the
radiance reveal concealer by Bourjois it
says it corrects and illuminates I
really like this I wouldn't go as far as
to say that it has overtaken up my love
and a collection lasting perfection
concealer but this is really really
lovely it feels slightly more
moisturizing if that makes any sense but
it is also a really lovely light bright
color and it does reflect this is
gorgeous for under the eyes it does
radiate your face I feel like it looks
great in photos with flash and it blends
really nicely it also smells of
watermelon which I don't know if you
like your skin products to be scented or
not but it was a nice little added bonus
kind of as you're putting it on your
lips we could eat that it's not quite on
par with coverage like urban decay or
the collection or other kind of slightly
thicker ones but I don't think it's
really aimed for that I think this is
more like like I said illuminating and
moisturizing and I think that's why it
works really really well
the next thing I've really been loving
is a very new addition to boots and
Superdrug or online if you're buying it
online and it is the Revlon Ultra lip
matte lip colors these are I have three
here Oh COO these are so gorgeous
they're not really like anything I've
tried before you guys know how much I
love the color pop lip stick liquid
lipsticks and I am really rating liquid
lipsticks at the moment I just love them
and I love matte lips so to me this is
like the perfect product they remind me
slightly of the hourglass ones but
obviously a lot cheaper they're not as
long lasting as the hourglass ones but
then I think that's kind of reflected in
the price and they have some really
gorgeous shades I think one of the
reasons I really like them is how they
feel when you apply them to your lips
it's like nothing I've ever really felt
before it doesn't really feel wet I'm
like there's there's no other way of me
describing these to you you're gonna
just have to go and try them for
yourself next thing which I think a lot
of you will be very surprised about
because I don't remember the last time I
had a nail polish in my favorites but I
love these
I was sent these by nails ink and it's a
new range which is the nails ink gel
effect enriched with hydrating coconut
water normally I put coconut water in my
smoothies I don't think I have any other
products with coconut water in them I
might do but I'm not aware of it and
this just sounded so interesting to me
so I put this blue on I think it was two
coats and I was done I didn't use a base
coat I didn't use a top coat I'm pretty
bad with things like that if I have
enough time to paint my nails it's only
gonna be enough time to paint them it's
not going to be enough time to do a base
coat and a top coat I'm a lazy nail
person I'm sorry if nails is your thing
I know you're screaming at your computer
right now and feel free to come around
and do my nails anytime you like it's
just when I do them myself I'm so lazy
so I put two coats of this on it went on
so lovely it was so um opaque it looked
amazing there was no streaks I didn't
feel like I needed a third coat in fact
I think one coat would have been
absolutely fine and it dried really
nicely and I think honestly this lasted
at least four or five days with no chips
and considering there's no base coat and
no top coat and usually I'll have chips
by like day two because I don't do it
properly which is one of the main
reasons I just don't really do anything
to my nails um because I'm a very
hands-on person I'm always using my
hands with a
but yeah I was just so impressed with
the formula I really really liked it so
if any of you are after a new nail
polish give these a try or if you're
like me and you're a bit lazy with nails
these are amazing and they come in such
beautiful colors so I'm going to paint
mine this color next which is Soho
Gardens and the blue that I was growing
before is Portobello Terrace which i
think is like both of these are just so
pretty for spring next thing I have been
absolutely loving was also featured in
my spring makeup video so you can also
head on over to that to see me applying
it if this which is another top product
and it is the skin twinkle lighting
palette full of very beautiful
highlighters the one I've been
absolutely obsessed with is this one on
the end and this is it says frozen pearl
moonlight so that is the one I've been
really obsessed with it's beautiful so
beautiful just this palette basically
I've just been using every single day
this is also a product that I put in my
spring makeup video and I think it
confused a lot of you because it's this
which is the hourglass ambient lighting
powder in luminous light and I think a
lot of you because it does look like a
highlighter thought it was a highlighter
I can confirm this is not a highlighter
it just has highlighting properties as a
powder and I have fallen in love with
this not only does it make my skin look
three-dimensional more healthy it also
makes my makeup last well looks amazing
in photographs if you have oily skin or
you struggle with wanting to stay matte
I would avoid this obviously this isn't
going to be a product for you but if
you're like me and sometimes you just
feel like when you put a powder on your
face feels flat try this or even if you
want to use a different powder in areas
where your face gets slightly more
greasy throughout the day but use this
in areas like your t-zone or on your
cheeks I love it so I recommend that for
any of you that are looking for a new
powder that
makes you look healthy especially now
that the sun's coming out I just think
healthy glowy skin is nice
moving on to random things first thing
is this candle this is by a company
called produce and they are all-natural
soy wax candles and this is in the scent
tomato leaf whenever I say this to
people they're like tomato leaf as a
candle like are you sure that's a bit
weird
I'm not trust me until you smell it or
until you burn it in your house you're
not going to appreciate its lushness I
honestly think my love of tomato leaf
comes from whenever me and my brother
used to visit my granddad he had a
greenhouse and he used to grow tomatoes
in it so whenever I smell this it
reminds me of really sunny hot days when
you would walk into my granddad's
greenhouse and smell all the amazing
things that he's been growing in it so
grandad if you're watching this which I
think you are because you do like to
watch all my videos hello and this
reminds me of your greenhouse maybe I
should get one of these for him so that
he can be reminded of his greenhouse too
the next thing I wanted to mention which
I have been loving and using this month
is a product of my own which to be
honest I don't really mention my
products on here as much as I thought
should but I feel like you would get
bored because I make my products how I
want them because I love them so
technically every month I'm loving
something of my own and I use them all
the time but I did just want to show you
this because this came out this month
and I love it I'm like obsessed with it
I think it's so cute and it is my
sticker makeup bag this is like the
original sized makeup bags with the
guinea pig and the eyes but this is like
a navy blue a lot of you loved the coin
purse in navy blue the smaller one and
you said you love the color so we have
gone with this color for this one and it
comes with a really cute sheet of
stickers on the inside um and you can
stick them over your bag however you
like
I've been keeping pencils in here I also
had this in my handbag for a while to
keep all my like handbag bit
in there great for meetings school
whatever you're doing uni I just like
that you can customize it yourself and
I'm just a little bit obsessive the
stickers because they're like a bit
spongy and they're really lovely quality
so that is available online and in store
and Superdrug I would love to see how
you sticker them there's actually a
competition running at the moment so
check the zoella Beauty Twitter and
Instagram which I will leave in the
description follow that there's always
giveaways and things happening over
there anyway so if you're not following
it and you want to now's your chance
because there is a competition
surrounding this bag but I just wanted
to mention that because I thought that a
lot of you would like it
moving on to edible things I seem to
have three things this month the first
being these these are Marks & Spencer
spirit of summer which is I believe as I
was walking around Marks & Spencer when
we went shopping then you like range of
food and stuff oh no other things it's
treats because it's making the same
noise as her treats these are the
carnival firecrackers spicy sweet sticks
pineapple mango lime and passion fruit
flavor all with a hint of chili I don't
like spicy things
I don't eat spicy food generally and if
I do it's very mild and one of these
annoying people that gets lemon and herb
in Nando's forgive me so when I saw
these I was like oh they sound
interesting and they look delicious they
taste so good I just thought I'd mention
them here because I loving them this
isn't really something new at all and
I've loved them for years and years but
right now I'm obsessed with them and I
can't stop eating them and I think we
have like five boxes in our cupboard
right now Cadbury's fingers these have
been around since I've been born
literally every kid's party they would
have chocolate fingers which to be fair
was pretty much the only time I would
ever eat them as an adult I can choose
when I want to eat these and that is on
quite a regular occasion at the moment I
could sit and eat a whole box which is
slightly dangerous I've been reading a
lot of books recently for the WH Smith
Book Club and that means are lots of
cups of tea and lots of chocolate
fingers I'm reading my book and I'm
going all there's another one gone oh
there's another one gone and then the
whole pack is gone and I'm like how how
did I just do that that's terrible and
if any of you can't get these in your
country I am genuinely sad for you
because they're the best thing ever if
you don't know what they are they are
crunchy biscuit fingers smothered in
Cadbury's milk chocolate very basic very
kind of standard but so delicious
especially with tea and I need to stop
eating so many speaking of tea tea this
is the Bluebird tea company Easter egg
nests tea this is actually a loose leaf
tea and I believe that this came out
with a couple of others for Easter or
springtime so hopefully you can still
get hold of it the best Easter treat to
make is kids
homemade crispy egg nests so it has so
long black tea cacao Japanese green tea
toasted rice marshmallows chocolate
chips soya and some flower petals and
flavor it's just really delicious it's
like the most
oh just smells amazing in terms of TV
and films I haven't really been watching
a lot of stuff on TV I have of course
been a little bit obsessed with the
Harry Potter channel which is basically
playing Harry Potter's from start to
finish on repeat day-in day-out
24 hours a day been a bit obsessed with
that also there was a TV series which
you may have seen me bang on about on
Twitter and it was called 13 it was a
BBC drama and it was about a girl who
was captured as a 13 year old and she
was held in captivity for 13 years until
she escaped and it's basically a story
of finding her capture captal finding
the person that captured her
it's really great I absolutely love the
BBC dramas I find them so gripping the
only thing that makes me so sad about
them is most of them are really short I
don't know if you guys remember dr.
Foster I was obsessed with that five
episodes long 13 is the same it's five
episodes long but that does also mean
that you can binge watch it in a day
which is great I feel like all the
episodes should be on BBC iPlayer online
so if you fancy watching something or
you have a day to waste then go and
check out it's really really good
Jodi comer who plays the main actress in
13 is so incredible in it like she's
just amazing I was watching her acting
and I was like this is unreal she was
also in dr. Foster actually um which I
did spots right away all these BBC
dramas just have the best actors and
actresses in them they're really really
great what else have I been loving I
feel like that's it really and her any
songs I've been loving albums tell you I
have been loving Jess Glynne I'm really
really loving her music especially take
me home that is like one of my favorite
songs at the minute absolutely love it
check out if you haven't heard it
already I just think the words are so
lovely and I'm just I just find myself
always singing it and I just love her
and I love her music pretty sure that
everything that I wanted to chat through
with you guys thank you so much for
watching give the video a thumbs up if
you've enjoyed it I also have another
video coming up tomorrow so I know that
this might seem a bit weird that my
videos gone up on a Saturday instead but
I do have another video tomorrow as well
so stay tuned for that as always let me
know what you've been loving through
March in the comments and I will see you
again tomorrow bye
