hello everybody and happy Easter I
thought it would be really fun to show
you guys some really quick and easy
treats that you can make this weekend I
have got some things that are absolutely
delicious and I know that you guys are
going to really love them let's start on
our mini pestle meringues first thing
you want to do is pre-heat your oven to
110 degrees Celsius and separate three
eggs you can put aside the yolks for a
cheeky little omelet because you only
need the whites to this whisk the egg
whites until they form stiff peaks and
aren't wet in consistency you'll need
150 grams of caster sugar for this but
only add half in at first and continue
whisking
fold in one teaspoon of vanilla extract
and the remaining sugar
separate the meringue mixture into three
small bowls and add the food coloring of
your choice being careful to fold not
mix because we don't want to lose the
air in the meringues
you can choose to fully fold the colors
in or leave it quite streaky which I
actually think looks quite cool
spoon each meringue mixture into
individual piping bags and cut off the
tip depending on the size you want your
mini meringue is how far up the piping
bag you cut I wanted mind quite small so
I stayed quite near the end
on to baking trays aligned with
greaseproof paper take your piping bag
and squeeze from directly above then
pull up to finish them in a point it
might take a few practice runs but it is
pretty easy to grasp after oil
then you want to wish them luck and pop
them in the oven for an hour once they
fully cooled down melt some white
chocolate in a bowl over a saucepan of
boiling water dip your meringue into the
melted chocolate but be careful because
they are super fragile I knocked the top
off so many of mine I was so annoyed now
it's my favorite bit because you guys
know how much I love sprinkles you
basically want to dip the chocolate
whilst it's still wet into your chosen
sprinkles and leave them to set next up
I'm going to show you how to make Easter
rocky road melt 150 grams of unsalted
butter in a large saucepan when it's
about half melted add 250 grams of dark
chocolate and 150 grams of milk
chocolate with four tablespoons of
golden syrup make sure that you keep
everything on quite a low heat as you
really don't want a chocolate to burn
and separate remove the saucepan from
the heat and leave to cool down for 10
minutes
crush a hundred and fifty grams of
digestive biscuits but don't crush these
too much as bigger chunks are actually
better and then add to the mixture and
stir in
add 180 grams of mini cream eggs or any
other small chocolate egg of your choice
add 180 grams of mini marshmallows and
mix well until everything is coated in
chocolate distribute this evenly into a
lined brownie tin pressing down to
ensure that it's compact
drops its cream eggs in half and press
them firmly into your rocky road mixture
melt white chocolate and once corner pop
some into a piping bag and snip off the
end so you can drizzle the chocolate
over your rocky road masterpiece and I
actually think this makes it just look
that little bit more professional
pop it into the fridge or the freezer to
set but make sure that you get it out
way before you want to eat it because
this is much better at room temperature
next up I am going to show you how to
make cream egg pastries these are
literally super quick and super easy
sprinkle plain flour onto your surface
and get out your lazy packet bought puff
pastry and less of course you want to
make it yourself but this is way quicker
and this is a quick and easy Easter
treats video using your rolling pin roll
out the dough so it's nice and thin and
cut out long triangular shapes place
these on a baking tray ready for your
chocolate eggs
unwrap your eggs of choice I went for
some galaxy caramel eggs and also some
Cadbury cream eggs and place them at the
wide end of your pastry triangle wrap
them up securely ready for their trip to
the oven you can wrap them how you want
but I found this to be the easiest way
before putting them in the oven brush
them with eggs so they turn a lovely
golden color and pop them in for 10 to
15 minutes at 175 degrees Celsius
Easter is never complete without
chocolate egg nests so that is what
we're gonna do next
start off by melting 300 grams of dairy
milk into a bowl over a saucepan of
boiling water once you have your melted
chocolate crumble in 6 bars of shredded
wheat and combine everything until it is
a gorgeous chocolaty mess these are
literally my ultimate guilty pleasure
and I'm not going to lie to you guys
sometimes I actually make this and just
eat it out of the bowl so unhealthy but
so delicious spoon the mixture into
pretty cupcake cases and pop to
Caffrey's mini eggs on the top to form
your little Easter nests no baking
required and this is literally super
easy
next up I'm going to show you how to
make super quick super simple Easter
marshmallow crispy bites melt 90 grams
of butter in a saucepan on a low to
medium heat and add one teaspoon vanilla
extract and 3/4 of your bowl of 260
grams of marshmallows before the
marshmallows are fully melted at one
tablespoon of milk and then add the rest
of the marshmallows you don't want these
to fully melt so you need to take the
sauce pan off the heat when it's almost
melted but some have survived add 170
grams of rice krispies and combined
together
this is now the fun part where you just
throw loads of pretty sprinkles and
yummy chocolates in I used these pastel
colored M&Ms which I thought screamed
Easter spread it out into a brownie tin
and pack down although don't do this too
much as you don't want to break your
teeth as marshmallow sets really hard
pop it in the fridge and then cut it
into squares to serve and the last thing
we are going to be making is Cadbury
Creme Egg cupcakes first things first
pre-heat your oven to 175 degrees
Celsius and pop 40 grams of unsalted
butter into a mixer add 100 grams of
plain flour 20 grams of cocoa powder 140
grams of caster sugar 2 teaspoons of
baking powder and a pinch of salt
whilst that's mixing measure out 120
milliliters of milk and add one egg and
a quarter teaspoon of vanilla extract
and mix this all together add this
mixture slowly to the rest of the
ingredients
line a muffin tin with 12 cupcake cases
and pour the mixture in I actually tried
to spoon it but it was way too runny so
pour from a jug if you can it's much
less messy pop a frozen mini cream egg
into the center of the cupcake mixture
they must be frozen so make sure you pop
them in the freezer well before baking
these put the cupcakes in the oven for
20 to 25 minutes whilst those are baking
it's time to make the buttercream icing
put 100 grams of unsalted butter into a
mixer and beat until it's smooth and
slightly lighter in color whoa gradually
add 200 grams of icing sugar 1 teaspoon
of vanilla extract and 1 tbsp of milk
you
cut some mini cream eggs in half ready
to pop on the top of the buttercream
these ones don't have to be frozen
using a large star nozzle my fav nozzle
and a piping bag stay vertical and
squeeze from the outside of the cupcake
into the middle in a circular motion
pulling up once you've reached the
middle again this might take a little
bit of practice but I promise you it is
so easy once you get the hang of it
place your mini cream eggs on top of
your icing and then drizzle with melted
chocolate
I just love drizzling chocolate I just
think it adds that little bit extra and
makes it look so delicious these
cupcakes are literally a cream egg
lover's dream display or your easy
Easter treats together and you've pretty
much got a party except in my case it's
a party for one because let's be honest
I am never going to eat all this myself
that is everything for my quick and easy
Easter treats obviously you guys don't
have to do all of these all at once I
chose to do all of them in one day which
is why Sun has gone down and I've
basically been knee-deep in chocolate
all day but I'm not complaining because
look at everything that we have but I
would absolutely love to see which one
of these you guys want to make so make
sure you tag me on Twitter and Instagram
my handles are at zoella and let's use
the hashtag as OLS debates I really hope
you guys enjoyed this video make sure to
give it a thumbs up if you did and if
this video gets lots of thumbs up I'll
be sure to do more things like this in
the future because I find them so fun I
really hope you have an amazing Easter
whatever you are doing and I love you
very much bye
