I have sure over curled my hair today it
looks huge I'm thinking it actually
looks a bit / me hello everybody today I
wanted to do something that so many of
you have been asking me to do let me
just check my mics on as you all know I
am a huge fan of lush it was one of the
first things I ever wrote about on my
blog back in 2009 long old ass ass all
time ago
and if you are familiar with lush you
know that when seasons come and go they
bring out new and very exciting products
so many of you have been saying what do
you think of the Easter stuff please do
an Easter lush haul and I was like I
haven't been to lush yet this needs to
be rectified this is completely not on
so went to lush got some bits and pieces
thought I would share them with you
because I know you will really enjoy it
so the first one is a bath bomb and this
is I'll get them out I don't want to
break in no nala it's not for you how
cute is this little guy
this is Humpty Dumpty and he is a bath
bomb and it says crack a smile as you
break open this sweet caramel scented
Brazilian orange oil bomb oh my goodness
this smells sweet but not sickly sweet
it kind of reminds me of the honey I
wash the kids soaps lightly um okay what
is inside this guy oh how cute it says
crack a smile as his outer shell breaks
away is you revealing a hidden alter-ego
a perfectly formed fried egg if you're
in a hump and down in the dumps it's now
easy to flip your spirits into
sunny-side up I'm excited to use him
he's very cute and he smells delish oh
no I'm not sure black jeans was a good
idea I'm wearing black jeans and a white
top
next is which came first bath bomb crack
open this generously sized pink egg to
coax out the chick inside and enjoy
three excellent soaps over a couple of
nights or use the entire bomb at once to
infuse your bath water with deliciously
sweet fuchsia waters brimming over with
fruity fragrance look at this is that
not the most beautiful thing you've ever
seen
I really want to use this what do you
think neither smell it oh I feel like
this smells like a lush shop you know
when you walk in or as you walk past you
get that big like whiff of like lush I
feel like that's what this is it's kind
of like a lush scent oh I really like it
though okay next is a classic and this
is fluffy egg so this one has been
around for quite a while
here he is you look a fluffy egg smells
like um Snow Fairy
basically Snow Fairy slash the comforter
sort of sense oh very sweet a lot more
sweet than the Humpty Dumpty one
comforting candy fragrance pop it in the
bath and be tickled with pink cute so
that one's slightly smaller if you want
if you are after something not as big
and grand next one is golden egg so in a
toffee scented bar of molten gold and
Fairtrade Colombian cocoa butter I don't
know if they've had this one before I
feel like they have but I don't remember
it being toffee centered the only thing
that could put some of your office one
is it is the most glittery thing I have
ever seen and that whole bag is now full
of glitter oh my god but it smells so
freakin good beat the scent of this
takes me right back to like lush four
years ago if you don't like glitter I
mean it's obvious avoid this one but I
just think this is insane and I think
this is a bath bath bomb
melt so these are slightly different to
the actual bath bombs which is a very
interesting concept to me I don't think
I've ever had one of these before
I'm pretty sure they had it last year
I'm speaking and dust is like flying off
I'm pretty sure can you see that this is
for sure the gayest thing lush has ever
made I want the whole world know daddy I
want it now I'm not a huge fan of Gator
II bath so I'm I still it hose myself
down afterwards don't want to be getting
cuter in all the wrong places
you know what I mean you know what I
mean now what I can't bear to push it on
the black jeans do I rub it on the bed
throw or my jeans or do I just go and
get a tissue and stop being a lazy
biatch bubble bars these are some of my
face it's the carrot bubble bars
I love these there used to be three
orange ones and now there's different
colors oh I love the smell these smells
so different to anything luscious ever
done and I don't know how to describe
this oh it's quite like perfume me and
hold are these reusable carrots under
running water to send bubbly clouds of
bunny boo to lemon and grapefruit
scurrying across your bar very light and
fresh like a really lovely perfume next
one is ultra violet rich rosewood and
sweet vanilla leaf bubbles to help you
find a silver lining look at this how
cool is that it's like I don't know a
cake or something oh my god this smells
like a field in the middle of summer
with flowers in it and like a lot of
fresh grass it's very like
I just don't know if in my seven years
of YouTube I have ever extended my
vocabulary when trying to describe sense
but it is the hardest thing ever until
we get smellivision I just feel like my
crappy explanations are going to have to
do or you're just gonna have to take my
word for it go into lush and sniff it
yourself again this is the Sun I feel
like lush I've never really done before
is really fresh it's really uplifting
and I feel like a lot of lush nuns are
quite cozy and I feel like this isn't a
cozy scent that is lovely next one is
Lady Bird which is a bubble bar and this
is ladybug ladybug fly away home
crumble under running water for a bath
with fruity floral geranium and catnip
waters huh my god I love minty scent so
I shall kiss her
oh look look at him all her this smells
like black currant sweeties a little bit
comforter II soft smell um but with a
really lovely kind of like whiff of
peppermint as well which I really like
you guys know I love everything minty
there again very fresh I'm loving all
these fresh scents that's really good
I'm excited to see what color the water
goes with this as well next thing I have
is this which is a batty bunny shower
gel now I don't really buy many of the
shower jellies they are so cute and I am
excited to see what this shape is
because it looks like a shape
Oh guys look look at him it's a rabbit
here's the bunny you sort of like
creasing in on himself oh oh I don't
know if I like the smell of him
he smells like orange sweeties Brazilian
orange oil is brightening and toning on
the skin and fills your shell with zesty
mood boosting fragrance yeah this
reminds me of like jet orange jelly
sweets so if you like quite citrusy
refreshing zingy scents I think you'll
really like that but it's not quite my
bag plus I think Alfie will really like
that he's much more into his kind of
citrusy scent I also picked up some of
the gifts because they're just too cute
and I wanted to share them with you so
this one is the funky bunny look at him
let's get his ears like bunny ears ahh
what you're getting here is pink fun for
refreshing fruity candy scented bubbles
orange fun purple fun so fun is the
stuff that's like a bubble barber in
like a long think I like play-doh and
you can mold it into whatever you want
and you also get the fancy bunny shower
jelly which I don't know I just think
that's such a cute little like Easter
gift do any of you give gifts for Easter
cuz obviously there's a lot of Easter
eggs going around you sort of buy people
Easter eggs but does anyone ever get
someone like an Easter gift because if
you do these would just be the cutest
thing ever
then there's this guy who is my personal
faith which is the yellow bunny and he's
called fancy bunny and in this one you
get spring bunny bath bomb oh let lets
you and me bounce to a bath of
energizing Sicilian lemon oil oh I
didn't have him in my little Easter
collection so maybe I missed out on that
one but you should keep your eyes open
for him I really like how lush I've gone
down the very light fresh fruity scents
for Easter because I don't know I feel
like they're so good at getting the kind
of comforting and warm scent but it's
nice to have a bit of a variation and I
feel like if you don't really like the
lush sense around Christmastime or the
kind of all year-round range at the
permanent range I think you'll really
like these somewhere over the rainbow
soap bouncy bunny shower jelly and
bright side bubble bar mini
so lots of zesty scents in this one what
noise your rabbits make the rubbers
making noises and the last one which I
mean if I was given this at Easter I
would be a very happy bunny okay so this
is hang on hang on there carrot it's
just called carrot
you've got the green tissue and you've
got this too
I love this color theme can we just take
a moment like look how it like the
bright colors I love this
it feels very like 90s like I'm pretty
sure I had a tracksuit that was like
this but in this you've got the
experimental bath bomb which is one of
my favorites although it has so many
colors in it it does make your bar go
grey that's my only downside you have
the fluffy egg bath bomb
you've got the bunch of carrots and
you've got the spring bunny bath bomb
just like who comes up with these
concepts they're just the best ideas
ever I love that I think that's my face
my hands feel so vile I need to wash
them before I end this video sorry guys
so that's everything that I picked up in
lush recently if you want to try any of
those go there quick because obviously
these things are only limited to Easter
time but I'm sure there's something
there for everybody because there's such
a lovely variation of sense
I am super impressed with that range
hope you enjoyed this video don't forget
to give it a thumbs up if you did I love
you very very much and I will see you
again soon bye
