everybody firstly I just quite like to
ask how you are because I feel like you
guys are always asking me how I am and I
would actually quite like to know how
you are so tell me one exciting thing
you've done this week and on a scale of
1 to 10 how good is your mood so I'll
swallow that I wanted to do something a
little bit different this week so you
guys absolutely love when I do my kind
of makeup tutorials
I really hate calling them that because
let's face it I'm not the best but I'll
give it my best shot and they do always
say that taking part is the part matter
what do we say that's not what I say
it's a taking part that matters right
maybe though although I am NOT a makeup
genius I do love doing these for you and
you're going to really like watching
them so I of course want to make more
and I also really like to ramble as you
guys know so I thought I would do some a
little bit different kind of like a show
and tell if you will so I have done this
makeup look and I just wanted to kind of
run you through the products as I show
you how I did it instead of me kind of
rambling as I'm trying to do it which
let's be honest sometimes there's a
little bit of a mess so the makeup look
I'm going to be chatting you through
today is this one which I'm just going
to call pinky pinky pink there's a lot
of pink I have been loving baby pink at
the moment I've worn this makeup look a
few times and you've all been desperate
to see how I did it I try to use a
really good mixture of affordable and
slightly more higher-end products just
so I know that it's kind of a good
mixture for everybody
however if you do see something that you
know there's a more affordable dupe for
then let everybody know in the comments
or let me know I'd like to know too so I
really hope you enjoy it so let's get
started the first thing that I used on
my face was a new foundation that I have
recently discovered because it was sent
to my pa box and it is tart and it's the
rainforest of the sea water foundation
this stuff is so good I really really
like it I would say it has a medium to
buildable coverage and it has this
really
core kind of dropper and I just think
the packaging is amazing is this
gorgeous frosted glass bottle tart is a
brand that I really really recommend
they have so many amazing products and I
feel like their price range isn't
actually too bad
the only thing I would say about tart is
it slightly more difficult to get hold
of if you are here in the UK but I was
super excited to receive this along with
the other things in the rainforest of
the sea collection and so far I'm really
loving this foundation I feel like it
goes on really nicely it blends really
well and it just lasts really well
throughout the day I'm not normally one
to rave about a water-based foundation
they don't necessarily work for me but
this one I'm getting on with really well
and I think I've worn this everyday for
like the past 10 days so yes really
really loving that at the moment and the
packaging is just beautiful for my
blemishes they can see that I used was
my ever so favorite the Urban Decay
Naked skin concealer this stuff is
slightly more on the pricey side but I
find that the coverage it gives and the
way it kind of sinks into your skin
without it looking like your caking over
a blemish I find it just works really
really well it gives a really nice kind
of airbrushed look almost like you know
a Photoshop when you can just like go
over something with a color I think it's
called the clone tool but don't quote me
on that I haven't used Photoshop in a
really long time it's kind of like
you're doing that you're taking one part
of your skin that's good and like
placing it over and it just works really
really well the only thing I will say
about these is make sure you color match
don't kind of guess on line because the
colors vary so much and quite a lot of
them are quite oranjee in tone so just
make sure you check that before you buy
one and put on your face under my eyes I
used my favorite concealer of all time
ever ever ever literally think I've
purchased about 20 in my lifetime the
collection lasting perfection concealer
this stuff is the perfect shade for
under my eyes I generally just dab it in
kind of like a triangular shape because
I was not blessed with the bright
underwriter
thanks fan so I put a little bit of that
on and just using my sponge which is
what I used for my foundation and my
other concealer I then blend that in and
I just find it gives great coverage it's
so affordable and it lasts all day
pretty much I am one of these people who
knows you need to powder in order for
your makeup to last well and look the
best it can be for the most amount of
time however I don't like my skin to
look really mad I feel like it makes it
look a bit muddy and I find that
products don't blend as well I find
powder the hardest thing to get right
I've tried so many powders and there are
ones I absolutely love most of which are
actually loose powders but I just find
that there's such a fine line between a
good amount of powder and all of a
sudden too much powder I have recently
been using the hourglass ambient
lighting powder in luminous light I
believe this is a powder to use on your
face imagine if this was just a
highlighter that I've just been like
brushing all over I'm pretty sure this
is a powder that you can use but it
gives my face much more of a luminous
finish and I really noticed the
difference in photos and videos
especially that it just makes my
complexion appear brighter but also
powders so it also kind of combats the
whole kind of oiliness and makeup
movement if any of you are looking for
something that does a similar thing if
you feel that your face kind of goes a
bit flat once you put powder on try this
honestly I love it I don't know why it's
taking me so long to driver the next
thing I used was this L'Oreal glam
bronze contour kit so you've got the
contour on one side and then you've got
a highlighter on the other one of my
favourite bronzers of all time is
actually a L'Oreal bronzer which is very
similar packaging to this but it's just
the whole the whole thing so when I saw
this in Boots the other day I was like
oh I'm going to try this out I haven't
actually used it before today today was
the first time I used it but I really
like it it's a really nice color it is
kind of orange in tone so if you avoid
that at all costs this might not be the
color for you but I don't mind it
because I feel like it
kind of adds a bit more warmth to my
face it blended really nicely hopefully
it lasts all day but on first
impressions I was really impressed the
only thing I will say is I didn't use
this the highlighter and I feel like
it's very narrow unless you have the
world's skinniest brush I feel like it's
going to be impossible to get that
separately to this if you want to do it
in one big swipe which I'm not sure I'm
brave enough for and it might work
really well but if you're trying to go
contour and highlight separate I feel
like this could make life a little bit
tricky for you for blusher I use this
which is the Revlon RACI Rose blush it's
a really gorgeous pink shade kind of
like a deep pink actually which I wasn't
so sure would go I feel like you can
overdo the pink so I only put a little
bit of this on but it blends really
nicely it looks really pretty it's quite
subtle it's not hugely hugely pigmented
but for the price and the actual product
I think it's really really good and
worth looking into it's also not got too
much of a shimmer so if you're after
something that literally just puts color
on your cheeks I think this would be
perfect for highlights
I used my tart skin twinkle lightning
palette which actually came out in the
same collection as the foundation which
is rainforest of the sea the packaging
is so beautiful and I mean just look at
that three amazing highlighters have
this one which is a bit more skin
champagne e this one which has a slight
more kind of peachy undertone and then
you have this one which is a little bit
more shimmery and a little bit more pink
I am loving this at the moment I would
highly recommend it it is beautiful I've
actually been reaching for this over my
hourglass ambient lighting palette which
is saying something I also really like
that it's called skin twinkle oh what's
that on your cheekbone oh just a bit of
skin twinkle I feel like all
highlighters should just be called skin
twinklers before doing my eyeshadow I of
course applied an eyeshadow primer this
is the Urban Decay
anti-aging eyeshadow primer potion love
this this has lasted me so long to be
honest I probably should buy a new one
because I'm not too sure how long these
things last before they don't work to
the best of their abilities basically
kind of foolproof put a little bit on
your finger rub it into your eye and I
just find my eyeshadow last well blends
well and looks better next thing I did
was my eyebrows now I know I'm in need
of a threading session not myself I let
someone else do it so I did have a few
little stray hairs and I also find it
slightly more difficult to fill my brows
in after I've had my brow out a couple
of weeks after I've had my brows done
because I get them tinted tip always get
your brows tinted holy crap it makes
life so much easier if you've never done
it before try it
I went Space NK recently I had a little
splurge um and I was looking in the
Kevin or Kwan section because I have a
few of their products and I really like
them especially their GOI shadows hope
they're amazing so expired and I picked
up this which is the precision brow
pencil because as you guys know I really
love my brow pencils especially when
they say precision because it means
they're teeny tiny and you can kind of
replicate hairs in your eyebrows and
they look more natural basically you
twist it and you've got the little
pencil nib and then on the other end
which is what basically sold it to me is
a little lid and a little eyebrow brush
I don't own an eyebrow brush right now I
don't quite know what's happened there
so I was like okay great this is
basically an all-in-one you can brush
through your brows either if you put too
much pencil or just to kind of get the
shape right and then use the pencil
recently I've been kind of venturing out
of my totes beiges golds and I've been
going for more kind of pinky berry tones
I don't really know why I've not done
this more I don't know I just thought
maybe they don't go with my eye color
and then I thought screw it I'm just
gonna wear it and see what it looks like
and I really liked it I used the easy on
the i-17 palette thought the main color
and it was this one which doesn't have a
name
in oh yes it does I apologize the color
I used all over the lid was number seven
which is toasted almond I do know what
this color is really hard to describe
it's like a it's like a dusky pink mixed
with a bit of taupe and I really like it
so I popped that all over the lid these
eyeshadows are actually really good and
this is a really affordable palette so
if any of you are after something which
has kind of a really good selection of
colors and an eye primer then check that
out for the rest of the colors I use -
the eyeshadows in this which is the Too
Faced chocolate bon bons palette can I
just say two-faced make the cutest
packaging I've ever seen I literally
love everything to face bring out
because they just make it look so cute
and it's frickin scented not that
anyone's gonna sniff your eyelids and go
oh that chocolate scented eyeshadow but
you know it's just a nice little like
treat when you do your eyeshadow award
for cutest packaging for sure goes to
Too Faced I know it's not everyone's cup
of tea but I really like it in the
corner of my eye I used this gorgeous
shade called sprinkles which is
basically a shimmery baby pink which
normally I would be terrified to use but
I think it works really well with this
eye look then in the crease of my eyes I
used the one underneath which is a brown
with a hint of berry tone matte color
called Bordeaux and I just feel like
that gives the eye a little bit more
definition and I also run that
underneath my bottom lash line I then
used satin sheets which is this gorgeous
pinky highlight shade just under my brow
bone and in the very corners of my eyes
is to brighten everything up a little
bit
highly recommend this palette and all
two-faced eyeshadows to be honest they
are beautiful I didn't really want to
make this too heavy and do a liquid
liner cat eye so just to give my top
eyelid like
eyelid so to give my top lash line a
little bit more definition I just used
the Urban Decay 24/7 glide on pencil
this is actually a duo pencil which is
perfect for travel because you've got
black on one side and you've got a
really nice matte brown on the other and
I used a brown just because I find it
looks a little bit softer and it blends
out a little easier and it doesn't look
so harsh and that is called whiskey for
my mascara I used this which is the
l'oreal false lash sculpt so i was sent
this not too long ago and I used it it
has this funny little like crocodile nib
I think I might have put it in a
favorite I can't remember I love this
it's quite similar to the Maybelline one
that I'm obsessed with but I feel like
this is just super quick I'm not sure
like we're a lot of other mascaras where
you find yourself layering you don't do
that with this it's like one coat and
you're pretty much good to go it says
for extreme sculpting effect fibers it's
very thickening and volumizing it
doesn't necessarily add a lot of length
but I find that because quite a lot of
product goes on the eyelashes at once it
does lift them um and I usually just put
like one coat of this on maybe a second
just to you know separate the lashes a
little bit but I will say if you don't
like a sort of clumping mascaras I know
most people don't like clumpy mascara
but you know what I mean like a lot of
people like that I like that because
it's thickening and it's quick and I
don't have the time to have like seven
layers of a mascara if you like that you
will love this if you hate that don't go
near this because it is quite a clumpy
thickening mascara however I love it
onto my lips so I lined my lips with
this which is the colour-pop lippie
pencil again slightly difficult to get
hold of colour-pop in the UK but if you
can the products are so worth it I love
all their lip products I'm obsessed with
them and this basically is just a really
lovely creamy lip liner I find their lip
liners are the best lip liners ever they
have the biggest variety of colors
you've ever
scene in your life and they just work
really really well
lipstick this is the lipstick that I
wore a couple of videos back and all of
you were like what is your lipstick but
this is it it's a Smashbox lipstick and
it is in the shade panorama pink and
it's just this beautiful I would say
it's like a cross between a Barbie pink
and a baby pink it's somewhere in the
middle which is why I think I really
like it because I don't own any other
colors like this
in fact my lipstick drawer is really
lacking on the pink shades so I know
what I'm going to be doing whenever I go
shopping now is looking at the pink
lipsticks i really like these smashbox
lipsticks normally you guys know I'm
much more of a matte lipsticks kind of
girl but this has a really gorgeous
moisturizing Sheen and they feel so
luxurious on the lips they last really
well obviously not as long as it would
if it was a matte lipstick it gives a
really gorgeous healthy look to your
lips but still has the pigmentation
which I find is a really hard balance to
get because normally a matte lipstick
will have the best pigment you've ever
seen and then you'll find that a
moisturizing lipstick doesn't quite have
that same color payoff but these really
do and I love that lipstick and then
just as an option on top if you want to
or you don't have to I decided to just
put this on just to show you but I
wanted to kind of bring the the tone of
pink down slightly so I popped on a
little bit of lip gloss this is a
L'Oreal cream lip gloss in 101 girl on
top and it's just a really gorgeous kind
of milky baby pink and you can just add
that on top for a bit more machine or
just to kind of bring the color back
down slightly I really like these I like
the applicator it's really interesting
it kind of glides over your lip I think
they've designed it so that it feels
really comfortable to just sit over your
lips as you apply it and they smell
amazing so that is my pinky makeup look
I really hope you guys enjoyed this
style of video as I said before let me
know if you want me to do another one
and if you've seen any other makeup
looks that you would like me to try out
and show you
I hope you're having a really lovely day
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you again very
soon bye
oh I forgot that's why now head massage
before you stop right there's a mess
club on man has something something to
get me in the mood to your makeup yeah
written crazy hyper makeup tutorial
you just such Skepta no steps very
different what is gay joy you're just
scared yeah if you ask me don't tell me
please don't break my heart
show me Nullah little scallywag whoa
so although I'm not a make makeup wizard
cool genius so although I am NOT a
makeup cheap a face needs a bit more
kind of light refresh right reflects
from so screw it
well ever I can't I color shadow eye
color on your like I hope he's telling
off Steven and Nala also right in the
corners of my eyes just to brighten it
under under
