so much going on mommy bow Nate hello
everybody
oh sorry
Oh oh my god
scared me see puppy you can't just jump
straight up into my lap come here hello
everybody today I'm going to be talking
you through some of the things I've been
loving it through February sat right yes
because it's March now my birthday month
which I am very excited about I don't
actually have that many you're gonna
jump on my lap again this side Nala come
on right you go back there then so I
don't actually have that many beauty
products this month I have quite a few
random ones which I don't know if you
prefer that in a favorites video
personally I love a good mixture of
stuff so I hope you enjoy this first
thing I've been loving is this it is a
Naz duo a lot of you know that I
absolutely love Nassar shadows Naz is
old is my go-to eyeshadow if in doubt
amazing for blue eyes so I was in Space
NK and I was having a little root around
the other eye shadow duo's that they
have because I do own a couple and I've
got a few single eyeshadows as well and
this one looked beaut this is called
Alejandra Alhambra and it's this
beautiful very wearable neutral shades
there's a slightly more Goldy one and
then a slightly sort of pinky champagne
color and they're both really pretty
I've used them both a lot especially
just for kind of all over the eyelid I
just find that they really brighten the
eyes and they just look really beautiful
they blend really nicely they're very
pigmented though I have been absolutely
loving these two shades I just feel like
they go with everything as well they're
kind of foolproof to be honest and I
feel as though these two colors would
really suit pretty much every skin tone
so a win-win another thing I have been
loving and using a lot which you may
have seen in my boots haul not
long ago is this which is the Max Factor
blush in the shade lovely pink and these
are the creme puff blushes and they are
super pretty I said in my boots all that
they reminded me of Mac mineralize
skinfinish --is but just in kind of like
a small version I just found that I've
been reaching for this a lot it's
basically a blush and a highlighter in
one but the highlight isn't too strong
which i think is why I really like it
because you often find that with blushes
like this the highlights very glittery
rather than like a really pretty shimmer
so I've really been enjoying this I like
that the pink is quite cool toned and
kind of like a baby pink which is a
color that I have been loving on my
cheeks
quite a lot recently and as you may
notice I have pink on my lips today and
I really don't wear pink on my lips very
much and I realized this the other day
because I was on a shoot and I had like
this baby pink color on my lips and I
had like a baby pink outfit on and I was
like why don't I wear pink more I wear
nudes and reds and berry tones but I
never really wear pink shades so expect
a lot of pink in my March favourites
because I am loving the pink right now
the next thing I have been enjoying
using and I have actually used half of
this up just in February is this which
is the treacle moon honeycomb scent bath
and shower gel so I've been pouring this
in my bath for bubbles but I've also
been using this as a shower gel and I
just really like it because honey for me
it's just one of those scents that I am
absolutely obsessed with I love all the
honey scents in lush I find it just a
really comforting scent
to babe with I don't think I would
necessarily like a honey scented candle
or I don't know I just think when it
comes to Bath and Body honey works very
well because I'm not a huge fan of very
sweet scent I feel like this is about as
sweet as I can go
on the sweet scale of things which is
honey and honey is very sweet but it
just doesn't smell sickly if you get me
although smelling it now it is quite
sweet and sickly but I love it
he's come in so many different scents
and fragrances there are so many to
choose from
I've just been loving the honey one I
also have a couple of other ones I think
I've got a raspberry one and I've got a
cinnamon one but honey is the one I've
been reaching for clearly I think you
can get these in most supermarkets so
very good value for money smell amazing
make your skin feel amazing create great
bubbles the next thing which has been an
absolute godsend for my hair is this
brand which is the davines boys shampoo
and conditioner wait I believe is boy
rather than oh one it looks like Oi my
hairdresser Sam hi Sam used this on my
hair when she lasted it I'm pretty sure
she may have used this on my hair before
and I've seen so many people talking
about this but it's just never really
been on my radar really I just hadn't
ever thought about it I was quite happy
using my overly extortionate or base
shampoo and conditioner because it made
my hair feel amazing but when Sam used
this on my hair I was like oh my hair
feels so sleek and soft and I love it
and the blonde looks really lovely um so
I went on cult Beauty and I placed an
order I got the conditioner and I got
the shampoo they're not as expensive as
all but I would say they're kind of
middle of the range and TG price range
to be honest I think this was like 16
pounds but don't quote me on that I
don't know if any of you can like see
the difference but I've literally just
blow-dried it like and it's and it's
like this I haven't straightened it
haven't done anything to it and it just
looks like this and I'm so happy with it
I don't know how to explain it like
sometimes when I wash my hair it can
feel quite dry and I have to run a
straightener over it for it to not be as
kind of frizzy but they're like zero
frizz and I actually I think I have
shiny hair um
and I'm just obsessed with it it also
smells like I'm gonna sneeze a choo-choo
it also smells very strong wasn't quite
prepared for that
sorry nostrils it also smells like a
summer meadow it smells like a hot
summer's day and you're walking through
a flowery meadow and you take a big
breath in maybe sneeze if you've got hay
fever
this is hay fever ewwww what's smelling
that have made my hay fever I don't even
think I have a fever it just smells
incredible absolutely incredible loving
loving loving using this I've then been
using when I get out of the shower and
my hair is still damp I've been putting
this in which is the davines boy
all-in-one milk with Roku ruku oil multi
benefit beauty treatment you just spritz
this over your whole head and carry on
blow-drying as normal I don't know if
it's a combination of all three that
have made my hair feel like this but I
was a bit worried with kind of like of
like pre blow-dry treatments I always
feel like you have to be so careful with
how much you spray and you don't want to
have too much you don't want to have not
enough you don't want your hair to go
kind of greasy and for it to be ruined
before you've even blow-dried it which I
have done many times with so many
different kind of leave-in treatments
this though I feel like I spray a really
good amount over my whole entire head
brush it in and I have no issues it blow
dries like this and I honestly just feel
like this is the nicest my hairs ever
felt it's probably also because some did
cut my hair so it's feeling very nice
and healthy and fresh yeah like I just I
don't know I just feel like this shampoo
conditioner is just the lifesaver I
absolutely love it and every time I see
my hair in the mirror I'm just like
swish I have to kind of journal tight
the first one being a dream journal I
don't know if I mentioned this on
Twitter I think I did there's a bit of a
backstory to this but around seven years
ago I walked into a shop in bath on a
random shopping trip and I saw either
this exact one or one very very similar
and I opened it and I was like oh that's
a really good idea it's kind of like you
fill it in after you've had a really
weird crazy dream and you can go back to
it and you could I don't know it was
just a place to write down your dreams a
dream journal as such and I didn't buy
it I don't know why I just thought
that's a really cool idea or maybe I'll
get that next payday or something and
then when I went back to get it it was
all they were all sold out and since
then I've been on the hunt for this for
seven years and I haven't been able to
find it and every time I type in dream
journal online it's like a book that
kind of decodes your dreams and you know
you think I had a dream right he's
pulling out you go to the dreams about
teeth falling out and you read about
what that could potentially mean nothing
like this where you can actually fill in
your dreams because I have the craziest
dreams and I love writing them down
because I like to go back to them and
remember the dream even if they weren't
particularly nice dreams
I just find it all very very interesting
for seven years I've just been writing
my dreams down in my notes on my phone
or on random scraps of paper and then
randomly finding them and being like oh
well that was such a weird dream I
wonder what that meant and oh my god it
kind of makes sense with that time of my
life
bloody blah blahdy blahdy blah and then
in Ireland I found this and it's the
exact one I wanted
so you open it up it's a double page and
it says title and date record what
happened so you write your dream here
you tick if it was nightmares fantasy
symbolic mundane or just plain bizarre
what was the prevailing emotion Nala
she's sorry she's snoring on my lap no
have you dreamed this dream before and
you answer that sketch it how would you
draw it which I found so useful because
sometimes in dreams you see something so
vividly but it's impossible to describe
so that's where you can draw it
and then it says reflect what's your
interpretation of your dream I just
really enjoyed filling this out you guys
dreamt that I gave birth to a little boy
birth was quick and fairly pain-free
after maid was born at a family house
with family I didn't know we packed up
to go home decided to go shopping in
mother care and other baby stores as we
had nothing for the new baby we did
however already have a little girl who
was too I turned to Alfie and express my
excitement of finally being able to shop
for cute baby clothes from from the
white company and Zara before leaving my
family gave me lots of food to take home
but I didn't want it but I didn't want
it but also didn't want to appear rude
Alfie drovers to the shops so that was a
fairly mundane dream but I thought it
was quite funny because of the part
where it said finally I was able to shop
for cute baby clothes from the white
company and Zara which is my ultimate
dream so there we go yeah I've just been
really enjoying putting that out dreams
are weird and I love it the next thing I
have been obsessed with which is kind of
a new obsession more towards the end of
Feb is this which is the happiness
Planner this was sent to my PA box from
the company that makes these which is
happiness Planner and I honestly Nullah
I'm terribly sorry for my snoring dog I
forget
like any of you watching this I can be
like what the hell is that noise because
I'm so used to it
the happiness Planner first of all is
the cutest design i've ever seen but you
have all your mullets with little tabs
so it will focusing on February now and
because I didn't fill this in at start
Feb I can show you a little example
you've got each day at the start of
every page then you've got today I'm
excited about exercises main focus meals
then you've got schedule then you've got
to do and you've got notes good things
about today and what I hope for tomorrow
and at the start of every page there's a
little quote like a happiness quote so
on Monday February the 1st
it was the three components of happiness
are something to do something to love
and something to look forward to which i
think is very cute but I love it because
not only
does it have a lovely little quote every
day I just feel like it's very well set
out these are all the things I look for
in a journal I like to have a schedule
side I also like to have a little to-do
list I also like to have a page for
notes and I like to have things like
meals exercises main focus because I
think the purpose of a journal is
something you can then go back to and be
like when was the last time I did that
or you know or what all my exercises
like this week and you can kind of go
through I don't know I just feel like
it's a very good life planner I love the
size I love what it looks like and the
functionality is amazing and then I
think there's like a little debrief at
the end of every month let me just say
February reflection so out of five for
each thing you've got unhappy - happy
bored - excited
tired - energetic stressed to calm and
healthy too healthy and then you score
yourself out of twenty five then you've
got described February in three words
this months happiest moment this month
struggles how I overcame them what I
learned this month who and what I'm
thankful for and what I'd like to
improve on next month and anything else
to note it's just a really lovely
planner and I am super excited to be
filling this out and if any of you are
looking for something like this I just
think this is perfect this is basically
what I have been looking for in a
planner very happy with that okay so
this month if any of you have been
following me on snapchat which I guess
is also February favorite because I have
been loving snap chatting at the moment
because I'm not really daily vlogging or
vlogging I've never read a vlog but
because I haven't been vlogging as much
I've been capturing little moments of my
day over on snapchat and so many of you
have been like I absolutely love them
they feel like mini vlogs etc etc so
thank you to any of you who have gone
unfollowed me over on snapchat if any of
you want to go over and follow me on
snapchat my username will be in the top
line of the description of this video so
make sure you go and do that say hello
etc etc but if any of you follow me over
there then you will have noticed that
I've been doing a little bit
of kind of working out shall we say one
of my main goals for this year was to
work on my fitness but not lose weight
but just kind of tone in places namely
my bottom I have this vision of me
having this like little pert booty and I
ain't going to get it by sitting on my
bottom eating packets of Cadbury's
fingers so what I have been doing is
Charlotte Crosby's three minutes bum
blitz
I love Charlotte she is a great girl I
was very excited when she brought this
out because as I said one of my new
year's resolutions this year was to get
fit but also toned me arse I've used it
a fair number of times now I can't say
I've noticed the difference yet because
let's be honest we've only been doing it
for a month but I've been really
enjoying doing it and I think that's one
of the main things is that you want to
wake up and want to do it and that is
what I have been wanting to do um the
overall workout is really good there's
cardio in there as well for any of you
that want to lose weight which I think a
lot of people don't realize because it
says three-minute bum blitz I think a
lot of people are a bit like well I
don't really do anything to my bum I
want to lose weight therefore there's no
point but actually this has cardio in it
too
and trust me it like it's hard work this
is not an easy workout you could do the
easier option there's like two guys on
the end one will be doing the hard one
with Charlotte and one's doing a
slightly easier option but it really
pushes you it really really pushes you
there's cardio sections and then there's
kind of just focusing on your bum
section so I've been mostly doing those
and then there's like an extra kind of
hardcore ten-minute button workout
because each little section is three
minutes long so you can kind of choose
whether you literally want to do a
warm-up and then a three-minute workout
and then a cool-down and that's it or
you can pick and choose which ones you
want to do it's really really good I
really recommend it and also I think
part of my problem is when I'm doing a
workout and you feel like you've been
doing the same thing for a really long
amount of time my kind of mental
strength goes and I'm like I can't keep
doing this
where is because II
section of this is three minutes long
before you can even feel like you're
getting bored of it you're on to the
next one which I really really like
because it keeps my what's the word it
keeps my attention that's probably not
the best way to phrase it but you know I
mean I would say I'd give you before an
offer of my bum that's a little bit
weird
I'll let you know if it's working the
next thing I've been loving is a book
this is Sophie Kinsella finding Audrey I
think I read this in like four days I
loved it I loved Sophie Kinsella anyway
she's one of my favorite authors and I
believe this is her first y-a or young
adult book and it's just so good I feel
like a lot of you will really be able to
relate well to the main character in the
story and there are so many aspects in
it that I feel that would be really
helpful and beneficial for any of you
that struggle with mental health but
also it's really reassuring in that
sense as well and I love the characters
I loved the family dynamic without
giving away to which the story I feel
like you would really like this if you
like stories with kind of mental health
issues or kind of raising awareness
certain things that you might also be
struggling with or that you know someone
that's struggling with very good book
very very good book and it was really
funny in some places as well which I
really like so Thank You Sophie amazing
book I absolutely loved it and I want
another one now already thank you and
the last thing in my favorites video
that I have been so obsessed with oh my
gosh I have pins and needles so bad in
my feet right now I'll hang on you guys
know how much I love chocolate and I
like little chocolatey sacks so I feel
like it's no surprise I'm going to have
something like this in my favorite which
is the Thorntons little temptations milk
chocolate tempting bites bursting with
crispy flakes and fudge pieces I was in
White Rose doing my weekly shop and I
saw these on the side tucked away in the
most random place I was like why they
with the bread that's right they were
with the bread I have no idea why so I
pitched them up and
I've never looked back and love you in
three bags of them so if you're after
something for a little evening treat you
should give these a try they just taste
so good
this is an unopened bag oh now she's
awake
now she's awake I think she's going true
he's out for you puppet oh she sat down
he's healthy these are mine okay guys
that is everything for my February
favorites I hope you have enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up if you have and let
me know in the comments as always what
you've been loving through February and
what you're excited for in March I'm
excited for my birthday and also just
for Easter and for spring and yeah I'm
going to go now
I'm probably gonna eat some more of
these followed by this because these
kind of counteract each other slightly
thank you so much for watching bye
ah this is not a thumbnail
