hello everyone so in today's video I am
doing a little bit of a Christmas easy
DIY home touches little things you can
do that you might not have thought about
video I don't think it's gonna be called
that in the title but that is
essentially what it is as you know
Christmas is one of my most favorite
times of the year in terms of content to
watch everyone's moods decoration music
films food it's basically just the best
time of year and one of the things I
also really love about Christmas is
getting a bit crafty and making your
space feel festive and putting your
stamp on things and I have a few little
things that I have done this year that I
really really wanted to share with you
one of the first things I am going to
share with you is drying oranges now
this is something that my mom always
used to do and I remember the house
smelling amazing it's so so simple as
well and it's not only just the best to
fill your home with the scent of like
orange and like Christmas loveliness but
it's also great to use for decoration
all you will need are some oranges you
can go for some big ones and some
slightly smaller ones it's quite nice to
have a bit of a variation and you just
want to slice these then using kitchen
roll or a kitchen towel or a tea towel
or you can just leave them out if you
have a little bit more time to do it you
basically want to get as much of the
orange juice out as possible because the
whole idea is that you're drying out the
oranges and so if you can take out a
little bit of excess juice before you
put them in the oven then that does make
it a little bit easier so you just want
to kind of like dab them and press the
paper down don't push too hard like
don't like completely mash them up but
you just want to try and get rid of any
of the juice you don't want to get a
baking tray and a sheet of baking paper
on the top and you just want to lay out
your oranges ready to go into the oven
I'm actually using my auger for this
this is like the first thing I'm
actually putting my auger and
in the lowest temperature oven so it's
not the warming oven but it's the one
just above that I'm still learning how
to use my auger if you don't have an
auger basically you don't want to burn
them you don't want them to go crispy so
you need to set your oven to a very low
temperature you don't want them to come
out of the oven and look like weird
orange crisps so very very low heat I
would say like a hundred degrees
centigrade or just a very low gas mark
you basically want to leave them in
there for a couple of hours you can keep
on checking on them and seeing you know
how they're getting on but that is
basically it and then once they are done
you just want to take them out leave
them to cool down maybe to dry out a
little bit more and then you can use
them to your heart's content this kind
of segues into my next little DIY fun
section homey homey DIY section and that
is styling up your mantelpiece there are
so many different ways to do this and
everyone has their own kind of decor
style so this is just how I've done one
of mine I have actually got multiple
fireplaces and you bet I'm gonna
decorate each one it's not gonna be any
fireplace in my house that doesn't have
something on it I like to start by
buying like a garland so you can get
these pretty much anywhere or you can
make them yourself with real foliage or
you can buy real foliage especially
around the start of December they start
selling them in the places where you buy
your Christmas trees from and you can
buy the stuff in like big old bundles so
you can get things like holly ivy and
also just bits of like Christmas tree
and you can do it that way which I have
done previous years it just doesn't seem
to last as long and it starts to look
quite limp quite quickly so it depends
what kind of style you're going for does
smell amazing though I have to say the
smell of those is great I think closer
to Christmas I will probably go and get
some like cuttings and distribute those
around the house but for now I thought
it was best to stick with a garland that
was not real so that it would actually
last until Christmas this one I got from
John Lewis and it has copper baubles on
it
acorns and it's really nice and festive
and I really liked it but it is nice to
personalize it and customize it a little
bit more to fit with the rest of the
room that you are putting it in I used
these little gold fern leaves which I
also got I'd get me some thyme nervous I
think I did but you can buy like things
like this from hobby craft garden
centers you name it this time of year
someone will have it and I just cut
these up and place these amongst the
garland I also used my dried oranges and
popped these in as well just because
they smell amazing and they look really
fast 'iv and I think they give it like
that little bit of Christmas touch I
always think if you've got a mantelpiece
you need some candles so I've got these
candlesticks that I've popped on the end
there's nothing like an authentic candle
on a mantelpiece to really put you in a
cozy mood and then these two little I
think they're gnomes but at this time of
year I think they pass as little father
Christmas's we're actually a
housewarming gift from a friend who made
these herself and they are the cutest
thing I've ever seen and they sat
proudly on the other end of the
mantelpiece I would absolutely love to
see how you guys style up your mantel
pieces at this time of year everyone has
like a different theme some people keep
it quite subtle
some people go a bit more likes candy
some people love like the whole shebang
lights the biggest Garland's you've ever
seen massive bull balls like I'd love to
know what your style is also tag me in
some pictures because I'd love to see
the next fun little idea I had was to
get a bit crafty with Christmas photos
I'm hugely sentimental and I love
photographs anyway and my phone is full
of Christmas photos over the years that
I've never really printed and done
anything with because I kind of just
like look at them every now and then
when I'm like scrolling back through and
I'm like oh memories so I thought it
would be really nice as I am doing this
video with HP who I actually talked
about last year this is the HP sprocket
and it is a little printer that you can
print from an app from your phone print
out these adorable little photos but
this year they have this really cool
limited edition gift box which would be
the perfect gift since Christmas
is coming inside it you get the actual
sprocket which I have out because I've
been using it this adorable little case
so that you can keep it protected in
your handbag this really cute little
photo album so you can stick your photos
in there and you also get the photo
paper which I have used up you can also
design your own personal skin that you
can stick to the sprocket which i think
is so cool you can personalize it you
can use any photo you like and stick it
on your actress pocket so using the
sprocket I printed out lots of the
photos on my camera roll it's super easy
there's no ink required and I love this
idea so you can either attach your
Christmassy photos on a piece of string
or a piece of tinsel if you're going to
go for tinsel on your tree and you can
just attach them randomly onto the
tinsel or onto the string with some pegs
I have these cute little father
Christmas pegs which I think I got from
Tiger but you can use like anything
really or if that is not an option for
you maybe you don't have as many that
you can string on a garland you can just
peg them straight on to your tree which
I actually ended up doing because I
thought this looked so cute and it's
nice that all those photos have lovely
Christmas memories for me so every time
I look at that Christmas tree now it
makes me feel more like 10 times more
festive because I actually remember the
Christmassy moments that are on the tree
I feel like this is definitely something
going forward I can keep adding to every
year you can just keep adding the photos
that you have of Christmas going it's
great I love it and because these photos
can also be used as stickers I thought
it would be perfect for putting on
presents so I do like getting quite
crafty for Christmas presents and going
like all out with different wrapping
papers but there is something quite nice
about just using brown paper and
doodling with a sharpie I mean until I
filmed this video I thought I wasn't
okay
like doodler turns out I suck so I would
advise that you have some sort of plan
of what you're gonna draw or maybe like
repetition would be quite nice
or maybe you're just like a much better
drawer than I am but I really loved
sticking on the photos
so for Papi's present I used a photo of
me and papi last year when we went to
buy our Christmas tree and for Jose I
put a picture of me Joe and Nala when we
were visiting my dad last Christmas and
then I just doodle over them and ruined
it but I feel like your designs could be
a lot cooler I think it's just a really
nice interesting way of having that
person know that that present is from
you because you're also in the photo and
you know that that present is a hundred
percent for them but you don't have to
like try and find like a tiny gift tag
where someone's put like a P from Zed
you know what I mean it's very visual
like it's very like this is your present
from me because here we are buying our
Christmas tree last year I hope you like
it
I also just really like what this looks
like I think it looks very sleek and
it's very easily portable you can also
get this in black and red but that is
sold like individually the one in the
gift box which personally I do think is
the prettier one is is this one I feel
like this is one of those gadgets where
you're like you never know you needed it
until you had it and then you will then
you felt that everyone else should have
one do you know what I mean I have
persuaded so many friends to buy these
in fact I bought one of these for Mark
for Christmas last year so there you go
the next thing that I thought was worth
mentioning was also something that I
love doing I love like making little
personalizable things for friends and
family and the first thing that I have
done and this is because a lot of my
friends are coming to stay it towards
the end of November and we're having
like a pre Christmas Christmas and I'm
so excited about it we're doing Secret
Santa so that's like one present per
person but because they're coming to
stay at my house I wanted to make it
feel special and kind of like we were
all actually having a Christmas so I
really hope they don't watch this video
as this is gonna really ruin the
surprise
oh well so what I have done is I bought
these stockings you can buy cheaper
stockings and then you can either stitch
if you're like very like handy and you
have like sewing machine and you love
things like
and you have a bit more time I would
totally recommend either making the
stocking from scratch it's a pretty
simple template and you can get quite
creative with which fabrics you want to
use or you can buy a stocking and then
stick on some lettering so last year
although it was a year before two years
ago myself and Alfie bought big red
fluffy stockings for his family and we
actually bought iron-on gold letters and
we spent Christmas Eve ironing on
everyone's names letter by letter and
that was actually really fun and I like
doing things like that because it gives
it a really nice like personal touch
this year I found personalized letter
stockings on Matalin and they were only
eight pounds so I was like oh that's
actually a really good price I quite
like the look at these so I picked up
one for every initial of my friends and
I started thinking about what I could
put in there this is also a really great
idea for a Secret Santa because if you
know the person but you don't know too
much about them and you have like a
certain budget it's quite nice to buy
like a couple of little things to put
inside something like that so if you had
a Secret Santa and the budget was twenty
you could spend eight on the stocking
and then fill it with lots of other
little bits and pieces so for my friends
I bought them a small bottle of Prosecco
because nothing says Christmas like a
little glass of bubbles and I also put
some chocolate pennies in there I've
just I just feel like you can't do a
stocking without using chocolate coins I
feel like that's like Christmas like
sacrilege so chocolate coins went in
then I also bought little selection
packs now growing up I always had
selection boxes in my sacks we always
had sacks we never had stockings and
those were like the first thing you
pulled out and like all day you would
keep going back to your selection box
and being like which chocolate bar shall
I eat next I don't know whether that's a
thing with everyone but that's certainly
like a thing with me so I thought I
would share that joy I also bought five
different Christmas lush bath bombs and
I placed these in tiny little Christmas
treat bags and sealed them with a
sticker so that each person has a
different bath bomb I also bought
novelty hats I've
remembered I bought some really funny
novelty hats from Asda and I was gonna
put a different one in each stocking
also so that when people are going
through their stockings they have
something funny to put on and next year
no doubt those are the photos that will
be going up on the tree alongside all
the other ones the next thing is
staircases now I know not everybody
decorates their staircase but for me I
feel like this was always a very
exciting part to decorate I just
remember being a child and walking down
the stairs on Christmas morning and like
all the lights are twinkling on the
stairs and you just would be so excited
to walk into the living room and see
what was underneath the Christmas tree
and I don't know why but I just think
the staircase is just a great place to
decorate most years I've just put
garlands on the staircase with fairy
lights but last year I was reading a
Christmas magazine it was after
Christmas and there was a photo in it of
a staircase a really like lovely grand
staircase in like a Edwardian style
property and they had huge big white
paper decorations going up the banister
and I remember thinking oh my god that
looks amazing I wonder if I can do that
in the new house when we have Christmas
there what I stupidly didn't do is take
a picture of it so I've kind of had to
go from memory but I just love what it
looks like it's quite out there I do
feel like if you don't feel so brave you
don't have to do as many or you could
mix it up and use lots of different
colors I did see one on Pinterest where
they'd used black and green as well as
white and that looked really cool
especially if you have like a theme
running through your house and also
paper decorations are not too expensive
you can even make some of them yourself
if you have the time or if you have the
skill I feel like it's a really easy
quick way yet it looks really effective
and it looks like someone's come into
your house and done it for you and I
really really like doing it I think it
looks amazing I think this is the best
my stairs have ever looked at Christmas
time and that makes me really happy
and last but by no means least is a
Christmas Eve box ice
so many people doing these mostly for
their children but I think that there is
scope to create adult ones for sure
normally every Christmas Eve we have our
tradition of matching pajamas slippers
or cozy socks dressing gowns and I guess
that's mostly where we get to but I
thought it would be nice since we're
doing Christmas at our house this year
to lay out a box for each person with
their pajamas with some cozy socks with
a dressing-gown then I also thought
about other things I could incorporate
into that which were very like Christmas
Eve so in this box I've also put the
night before Christmas book which i
think is very apt I'm not expecting
Alfie's dad to whip that book out and
sit there reading it but I think if
you're creating this for one person and
that works really nicely or if it's
someone that's a bit younger putting
that book in is really really cute then
I think it is very important to have a
Christmas mug and some form of hot
chocolate you can buy the cute little
sachets and if you know what someone's
favorite hot chocolate is you can put
those inside the mugs for each person
and I also got some decorate your own
gingerbread because who doesn't want to
decorate a gingerbread man on Christmas
Eve I feel like it's perfect whilst you
are decorating your gingerbread man you
could have a Christmas film on I want to
try and get everyone's favorite
Christmas film whether they get time to
watch it that evening or not I think it
would be nice for all of us to have a
different one and for us to decide which
one we watch or just for them to keep
and have next year since I want to try
and get people's favorite Christmas film
I popped arthur christmas in mine
because i think it is an amazing amazing
film highly recommend seeing that if you
haven't seen it yet Terry's chocolate
orange like you it's not Christmas
unless you've got a Terry's chocolate
orange so I had to put one of those in
there also some chocolate coins because
again I don't feel like you can do a
Christmas hamper or a Christmas stocking
without adding chocolate coins and then
last but by no means least I had this
idea where everyone has like their top
three four favorites from every select
action of Christmas chocolates so we
have celebrations miniature heroes
quality streets and roses and those are
like the top four that kind of most
households will have at least one or two
of these tins in that house
of course I've gone overboard and I've
bought all four but that is also because
I really wanted to pick each person's
favorite now it might require a little
bit of like detective work or if you
just know someone really really well I
guess it's the ultimate test to know
which ones are their favorites from each
each tin so I've picked out a couple
that I know someone would like and pop
them in a little treat bag and sealed it
with a sticker and also put that on
there because there's also not enough
chocolate in this box I just thought it
would be nice to eat those whilst
watching the Christmas film in our
matching PJ's our comfy socks our
dressing gowns I do feel like half the
fun of Christmas is Christmas Eve so I
really like making that a huge part of
the whole Christmas experience and I
think the Christmas Eve boxes just give
it that like extra personal touch and I
just really like them and that is
everything that I wanted to share with
you today I would absolutely love to
know if there's anything that you do
around Christmastime kind of like the
box or the stockings or ways in which
you bring Christmas into your home and
get a little bit creative thank you so
much for watching give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see you again very soon
