good point now stop spitting my face
your rank
have you got lip balm on yes what is it
oh it's called sassy it's Nivea sassy my
snapchat no hi everybody today I am here
with my brother Joe
hello Harry yes I've got that sharp pain
between my rib you know and you got
breathing really hard do it three two
one oh yeah yeah yeah I got a feeling
this week I wanted to do a Q&A because I
haven't done one in a really long time
and you guys really like q and A's I
like I've done this week you guys and I
thought I would do it a little bit
differently because I've seen quite a
few people do a snapchat Q&A now I
haven't done this before have you done
this before maybe worse no subject you
know yesterday okay everyone firstly
it's that wait time of the year it
almost seems like we've been told to
order kione's yeah
so you've all been sending me your
snapchats the only issue I've had is
that I've not been able to open any
because it's literally been going so
fast down my screen I think sometimes
you forget how big your on social media
don't you yeah yeah 10 follow us on
snapchat yes go and follow me on
snapchat my snapchat is official zoella
a mine is Fat Joe you leave us in a get
out it out you leave us in a get out it
out you leave us in it get out it out
huh they're gonna leave us in a let's
see what people are saying shall we
let's do a random scroll
I can only go back here's Hummer my
question for you is what is your
favorite thing about Brighton thank you
I love Hannah I love your dressing gown
because it looks like one of my makeup
bags what's my favorite thing about
Brighton I would probably say my
favorite thing about Brighton is the sea
I like living by the sea my favorite
thing about Brighton is coming to visit
my sister
the only thing that annoys me about
Brian is every time I come here it's
tough it's not Brighton's fault it's
just the fact that everything would come
here it's never nice weather but surely
you've just left London in horrible
weather - yeah bit lens always a bit
warm ups as a city it is the hustle and
bustle in us you know it's called a lot
of sweaty yeah probably doing it
sweaty what is my favorite makeup
product and why do you want that one job
well first of all five cent allotted me
as well what's her name Mary only Oh
Ellie I just want to say that you really
should be recording it and put it up as
a video it looks much better I don't
know how to do that so easily so he's
not quite there a technology that's
Holly like that just forgive her all
right she's had a hard said a hard day I
just don't I can't be doing all that
screen recording stuff what's your
favorite makeup product Zoe and why
either concealer or mascara because I
feel like concealer makes me feel a
little bit more confident because if
I've got dark circles or I've got a
couple of blemishes whack that on there
I'm feeling a little bit more confident
about my skin mascara you're right
choice mascara I also really like
because I feel like when your eyelashes
are like bigger and more fluttery it
kind of opens up your whole face oh yeah
definitely
it's your favorite makeup product um
I've actually got mine on me my favorite
makeup is my my lip balm nibble yeah see
I like going for the sassy variety it
just looks cooler it's nice on the lips
and if like it stays on there for a lot
longer than probably should and I like
the color blue
Thanks your question Ellie our Christian
theories we have one hour slip what keep
your where you go you got an hour to
live yeah watch you and wait yes I can't
even go very far in an hour
well I can go out to London an hour no
you couldn't you just make it but you'd
be at Victoria's thing where would I go
I'll be like I'll just do a shout out on
Twitter but I look anyone the local
radius and get over there now
come around have a massive pie and then
kind of like watch me we do a diode we
do what happens you've got an hour to
live
oh I don't know if it's just you or if
it's the rest of the world okay everyone
come around I sort of have a big part in
this command okay let's just see what
happens that's why we do I would grab
Nala grab Pippen and Percy and probably
Alfie if he's around yeah you've only
got two hands well I can get neither
under one and I can get Pippen and Percy
and do the other yeah anyways long as
they don't try and Scrabble I just let
Alan follow me yeah and then I'd be like
Alfie
you bring the vlogging camera good lock
it
I'd grab now I grab Pippen and Percy
Alfie would also come but he would take
a big box a big metal box with a padlock
and his logging camera and we would go
down to the beach I'm put pivot on Percy
and not in the box and said that's why I
would do no and then we would flog every
blight if you're watching this in in a
million years or 100 years from now this
is the end of the world and this is my
dog in these my guinea pigs and we want
you to post this on youtube calm
forward-slash I'm going to say more so
other what do you reckon
well what I know is the fact that you
said I would take people in person on
Alfie one Alfie's in London he's living
here would make it in time so now off
mister don't know and I'm here what are
you bring me along your okay instead of
Alfie then you'll have to come and
you'll have to vlog it then we'll put it
in the box and we'll bury it I mean as
far down as we can go in the in the
stones and then we would bury it and
then we would just hold our breath and
then that would be it well this is it
and then a million years later like the
games you mangy they'll find it thanks
to your question girls I'm kind of sad
kind of a hard question though what soon
okay is that the collision of every meal
and we'll never get bored on also
oh hey kitty oh look a cat so cute okay
um what what could you eat well never
yours RB sir mmm I was gonna actually
gonna say mashed potatoes no Josh no one
day I really feel like some fruit boo ha
ha sorry I'm sorry
smokey boo have a heart Pat harm point
out on Harmon vena harm pineapple Peter
the or a really fast if your meaty pizza
go for a meat piece it's still only the
same bracket of food or pizza you know
you can even get check this Oh
Nutella strawberries and much more
school your I would do insert actually
of a pizza I'll go for crepes oh I love
a good safe oh my god a crap or good for
crepes savory crepes difference really
crepes great crappy now you know I would
have to say much potato
all right butcher and badger which one
is the one that like my badger see your
butcher forger a badger badger badger la
la la la la la bocha a badger I never
far away
fresh potato but time came to harm abide
up a whole dy answer I'm asking what's
favorite thing about film in it what's
your favorite thing about filming what's
your favorite thing about filming about
family yeah
ah I like enough cell phone I 100 okay
hey first beer anyway huh fana yeah yeah
buddy van I think for you I think the
best thing about filming is you getting
really creative yeah like you can you
can get so creative
I'll ask what you love about filming
gosh yes yeah I think for you best thing
that filming is why are we answering for
each other
I hate for you the best thing I also
really like um just being able to look
back at like your journey as a person if
that makes sense like actually
Charlie yeah like I love filming vlogs
because I know I can go back and watch a
period of time in my life that I can
never go back to but I can watch I don't
know it's like a diary but video form I
was thinking like so me some kids are
gonna grow up and get older and be like
they can watch their whole life back
well like Amelia and Eduardo can watch
their mum and dad before they were born
their birth like everything like how
cool would that be if we could watch
that it's mad oh if I was a scented
candle what smell would I be you answer
that for me um pumpkin okay
no even give that like but now yeah give
that but definitely made the ear and
also cuz you just I felt you like go all
out for Halloween you're a bit of a
obsessive with Halloween like you love
the whole taste farm thing you just
really get into Halloween spirit I feel
like you smell a pumpkin thank you yeah
it's my root vegetable I think you would
be like I feel like you would be quite
fresh then oh yeah don't be like a
tomato leaf kind of sin tomorrow that's
my favorite scent of condom tomato leaf
yeah it's my favorite scent of candle
it's very fresh okay maybe not I don't
think you'd be my favorite scent of
candle or like an apple one yeah let me
get your mind all right
Hubba Bubba
yeah even then it's a bit sweet and is
it too sweet yeah you're not sweetie oh
hi sorry I won't exchange the presents
at the moment of Australian and Eleanor
if you have any kids
sorry yes I thought she first of all are
by also folks that have you got any tits
homesick did you have those bands for
homesickness
no that's troublesome Melissa I always
get travels like this and homesickness
mixed up so imagine if you could just
put a band on in your life don't feel
homesick anymore brilliant what parents
I was always pretty bad and staying
around people's houses wasn't I yes I
used to get quite I don't think it was
really homesick but I'm definitely a
home comforts person I thought I already
answers one because front my life I've
never been homesick like even when I
went away traveling for three months I
didn't feel housing once by thing else
because I was with my two best mates and
we we were sort of doing everything ever
and we kept ourselves busy we were doing
we were doing like new things every day
which kept you yeah takes your mind off
a little bit you're doing fun activities
it takes your mind off it a little bit
see I'm wondering whether if you got
plugged in France doing an exchange on
your own yeah or Skype Skype is the
answer I face time things like that make
sure surrounded by good Wi-Fi and you
can contact your parents whenever you go
to stay up late to chat so go back there
down and up but skypes always good and
first no I think my main piece of advice
would be to really try and enjoy every
moment because you're never this is like
the one time in your life that you're
going to be in that place doing that
thing you know what I mean I always feel
like this is that this is your time to
have fun
so like take lots of pictures like set
yourself little like things you want to
do maybe find a cute cafe that you
haven't been in before or explore a
little bit I feel like if you stay where
you're staying and you're not going out
and exploring and trying to make the
most of it you'll only feel worse hi
sorry I wanted to ask if it could be
anyone in the whole world the one day he
would it be a black okay lovie dude who
would you be if you could be anybody
else in the whole world for one day
be Banksy the street graffiti actually
yeah
oh no and I'll be Brock Obama that's a
lot of responsibility just written just
right just for a date I feel like he
maybe has days race all right does like
one thing they Arjun arrives at Delft
not sure we know but if you're Barack
Obama you have access to like the files
but like the area 51 I would love to
know what's going on down there
brock obama straight up oh I don't know
who I would be the queen that'd be cool
I guess just to know what she does in a
day and to know how comfy a better when
you were beds like oh my god I bet she's
got padded toilet seat made of silk
toilet goals pilling gold I mean I
wonder if she's got like a really big
like 60-inch Plasma opposite her bet so
kind of magic she does I think she keeps
it quite simple but like the stuff that
she does like always luxury wonder what
I dogsy I wonder what she eats for
breakfast yeah silver silver cutlery
silver plates silver pure silver or she
could have paper plates and the red cups
in America come on Philip beer pong time
oh hey sugar she scores that would be so
good if I was the queen for a day I
would like mess stuff up a little bit I
walk down the street in like Oh prank
people because they gave it all right
and signing autographs today take
selfies give my phone I would do things
that were really unclean like yeah and
just just to see people's reaction that
is so cool oh there must be a video much
of the I'm sure she'll do it for a video
much of the Queen measure crossed in the
Queen and Adele oh my god that would be
the best oh my gosh like all the Queen's
spending the day with the dough oh we so
good yeah ready
hello Donna
my name is Joseph and I understand
that's very poster don't poster cat town
let's do a nice one no Jennifer it is
video yes she got me that the governor
you guys and got mover where you guys
think my ex I'm just from with you guys
think my exit accent is from New Zealand
will never find out oh sorry
I hate those kind of questions ah now
it's just lost within snapchat creating
a con Eva Green what you're just so much
very meekly oh yes I want to know why
she'll shoe size yeah okay I miss life 3
I'm a size 7 lb what's very very funny
there's so much in Harry Potter should
worship favorite Harry Potter movie I
like you I'm new gonna say mine wait I
know you the same way I like number 4
Goblet fire yeah that's my thing it's
acquitted
why don't you suppose when you're ready
because that's not actually my favorite
one my favorite is number 4 as well this
is an all-out I feel rancor great me oh
great I also love the last to know other
together we hope you enjoyed this little
chilled snapchat Q&A don't forget to
follow me in John snapchat what's yours
that's Joe or one word like my channel
mine is officials there were any parting
words subscribe to me my age account
will be in the link in the description
below it well and come over to say hello
and see what I've got to to show you oh
do you know what I would love to
say what because I know a lot of people
love watching videos of us yeah I would
love to know what videos they want us to
film together yeah you know I always
think we don't feel my videos together I
know and I like I do love filming videos
of Joe thank you so much for watching
guys give video a thumbs up if you would
like me to do something like this again
I might even work out how to put your
actual snapchats on my screen I engage
I'm going to have to teach you yeah yeah
thank you so much to watch it Cheers
why did you ruin it right the end look
way slapping me in the face
Yeah right that got some food
