hello everybody welcome back to my
channel this week I'm doing one of my
favorite people
mom Ferriss today we were messing around
downstairs and we were playing around
with the speech jammer app now if any of
you aren't familiar with this I think
quite a few other youtubers have done
this challenge you've done this on your
channel right I have yeah yeah yeah um
so you can go and check out everybody
else's so basically there is an app that
you can download in the App Store which
slows down your speech as you hear it
back in your own ears so sort of thing
you're not really gonna understand
unless you download the app and you try
it for yourself but it messes up how you
speak so we thought it would be quite
funny to mess around with this on camera
because we were doing out there and it
was a lot of fun I want you to tell me
why you love YouTube oh my god I love
YouTube because this is a great way for
me to express myself creatively and
share ear on the world oh my god God God
so aliens come onto earth you have to
summarize your YouTube channel with
three different sentences okay okay
hello aliens welcome to my world :
okay so my channel is based around a
round make up
um lifestyle and what is my channel no
it says it's just chess but I like to do
collaborations with my friends and I
sometimes do flogging and it's just all
light-hearted and fun to do
yeah the way you keep going lad I'll
overlay you touching your ears literally
when you start it you a lot hello it is
so funny as I pushed on your food I want
you to sing
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious okay
let me you think of how it goes
can you manifest super color for no no
are you ready
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious by
mark faris
even though though the sound of it is
something quite a to try oh if you
say it loud enough
you're always supper Koshu
supercalifragilistic ass immediate did
it sound okay really yeah you want to
try it even though the sound of it is
something quite atrocious is if you say
it loud i love your low voice africa
officious supercalifragilistic excess be
our leader haha because I was afraid to
speak but I was just at last see my
father kiss me and know that we can tell
me I was ah see but that one day I love
worth to take my aching night the
biggest word you've ever heard and visit
my caliber jealous a cielito even
though the sus sound a bit is something
quite atrocious if you say it light
enough yellow is fabrication go the
distance by Marc ferret thank you so
much 2060 2k16 do you mind holding air
yeah
I'll hold it for you in steamed of the
far where a gray warm world Kim will be
way Tim for me where the crowds will
cheer when days hey my face and a voice
keeps sayin this is where I'm meant to
be I will for pour out babe I can go the
distance can't take my voice on you more
you sounds so London do i yeah literally
this bit you were like far far or fly
little a flight sim for me look at this
stuff isn't it neat wouldn't you think
my collections complete
wouldn't you think I'm the girl the girl
I've got gadgets and gizmos a-plenty
i've got whozits and whatzits galore you
want thingamabobs I've got 20 I got one
too I want you to read out some of your
tweets okay how to dream I hit a hundred
two thousand subscribers I got ninety be
my mister I got knighted by mr. Bane
also guys my videos have hit over 1
million this quite face emoji I'm
actually feeling so proud of my silly
channel a bye silly I mean fun see not
stop it you've been silly but you get
why I feel like I do the right on now
yeah what about one it is some bits of
your blog post okay
yeah yeah we as we wait wait I went wee
wee reading an extract of lava Berber
blah blah okay is it done
nothing says I love you like a
Valentine's flat light with Valentine's
Day just around the corner I thought it
would be a great time to put together a
few new bits I'd received or purchase
reason most of which are perfect for
this love day rules they're just pretty
in general I am someone who believes
love should be
expressed all year-round and not just on
one particular day but it the massage
candle this smiles absolu later by
absolutely divine in this video I was
watching this video but they walked away
from the screen yes I'm like where to
say why it's just working yeah mine too
I reckon how are you doing
ya think it thank you so yeah yeah yeah
yeah yes like you're insecure don't know
what for you're turning heads when you
walk through the door don't need make-up
to cover up being the way that you are
is enough everyone else and say yeah
yeah
oh my god I bet that sounds terrible
so that is it for this video we are
going to go mental
we also filmed a video over on Mark's
channel so make sure you go and check
out we did 2 truths 1 lie found out a
lot about each other by mine it was
obviously freaking hilarious so make
sure you also subscribe to him whilst
you add thank you we have you've enjoyed
the video don't forget to give it a
thumbs up if you did and I will see you
again soon bye
was a quick winded tradition how's it
quick oh yeah I just used it for my
tinkle could I use another burger yeah
cool no that's it that's the only one
you're allowed to use talking bout my
girl oh I am so wetting yeah like my
armpits are wet this is Mark hello I'm
mark don't look at me crack fun
and this is
was it spaceman tongue-tied that's scary
don't know she's like circling something
okay I'm going to investigate we've lost
it guys we've lost the plot gonna go to
Betty look at my face I like the way you
say classic well how do I say classic
you said it once but you said it the
other day you were like oh I love that
song is a class it really made me love
dudududu look up in the wrong one me
what the hell is kind of floating man
wait what is this
oh no I've done it the wrong way around
oh you can eat your cold well you're
gonna need the white instead of the plug
I'm gonna need - you brought the thing
that charges it I picked up the wrong
one
this is horrible
41 say no thinking anything
yeah get me out I look taller than you
I've determined what's going on there
oh you just save it when you looked also
but oh good god you voice in my funny
bone oh no almost
bring you back my elbow
