good afternoon good evening all good
morning to you um hello I hope that
you're having the best day ever
and if you're not I love you and I hope
that's some sort of consolation if not
I'm sorry I can't offer you any more
today I'm going to be doing something
that I don't really get to do as often
as I would like and that is a boots haul
I absolutely love going to super drug
and Boots and basically really taking my
time and going through each makeup
counter every single brand seeing if
there's anything I've not tried yet or
if there's anything that's new in and
calling it research got test these
products out and let you know if they're
good or not so that's what I'm doing
okay an hour and a half and boots and
this happened
oh and I've had them in this bag for
about a week and I've been so well
restrained because obviously I wanted to
share this with you so I've not used any
of them yet okay so the first thing I
picked up is this which is a palette by
17 which is a really affordable makeup
brand if any of you aren't familiar and
I picked this up because it looks really
interesting and one of the sorts of
videos you guys really want me to do is
kind of more drugstore makeup and I love
drugstore makeup so any excuse to kind
of find products that you might like
then great it's called easy on the eye
great nice big mirror and it has a
little thing for hints and tips if you
are unsure about how to do eye makeup I
really like oh my god that scared me I
was like what is that black thing it
looked like a spider it's not it's the
light above me all the shades in this
are so beautiful obviously quite neutral
which I love and I know that you guys
serve as well but there's also some
really kind of pretty pinky shade
and there's also like highlighters here
as well like some cream highlighters oh
and also an eye primer which is good I'm
going to have a little play around with
that and I can then report back and let
you know what I think but so far so good
next thing I picked up was this Revlon
blusher I am always on the hunt for more
kind of high street blushes because I
have so many higher end ones and I
normally tend to just kind of stick to
bourgeois if I'm going like High Street
so I wanted to find some more on this
Revlon one looked very pretty
it's called racy rose and it's this
really really gorgeous kind of muted
coral pink
sticking with blusher I also picked up
this one from L'Oreal and this is the
L'Oreal Lib lush and it looks like this
it's in this little cute square compact
I don't really ever look at L'Oreal
blushes I don't know why but again it's
quite a similar color actually but it's
a little bit more of a spring shade I
would say it's a bit more Coralie and
what I like about this oh wow okay
immediately that is really pigmented and
it's very soft as well to touch I'm
going to have the dirtiest hands off for
this video they have them in a lot of
different shades but this one is in the
shade 163 nectarine oh that's a very
good description of that color actually
the next - I am really quite excited
about because I hadn't seen these before
mostly because I don't know if it's like
this in your boots the Max Factor
counter is always situated away from all
the other makeup counters kind of that
L'Oreal and Max Factor are kind of like
way over in their own little area so I
actually sometimes forget to go look I
was mostly drawn in to these beautiful
creme puff blushes that look like this
so they're baked
basically and they are gorgeous they've
got like veining through them they
remind me of the map msf mineralized
skinfinish --is but these two were
gorgeous this one is
is called seductive pink and it's this
kind of gorgeous pink with slightly more
purpley that kind of veining running
through it and this one is a much more
of a baby pink with kind of like a
champagne gold running through it which
is so pretty and that one is called
lovely pink
I actually prefer them this size but
MSF's are so huge don't get me wrong I
still love them but they're a lot bigger
and they last you a lot longer these are
definitely a travel better and yeah
they're just like cute that is like
these like Mac mineralize skinfinish
have had babies and this is them so yeah
check those out lovely pink some more
makeup II bit I also picked up this from
17 which is their define and conquer
contour kit forth quite a mouthful isn't
it bit of a tongue twister
okay so immediately I'm sensing quite an
arse vibe nice nice I like the angle
they've gone down again great mirror I'm
so impressed with these holy crapoly I
got this in light so you've got the
highlight and you've also got the
contour although I think this highway is
matte yes it is which is actually quite
interesting ah I think is matte yeah
because a lot of the time a highlight
will be quite shimmery and but I suppose
they've kept it matte to kind of give
your skin a bit more definition maybe I
don't know I quite like that it's quite
interesting but I also really like the
color of this contour I would probably
say it's a bit warm for me to completely
go go all in contour but having said
that what of nice little like kit from
seventeen I'm very happy with that next
thing I picked up is this which is the
Maybelline the falsies push-up drama I
think I was most interested in this
because it's new in and they had it on
the like new instant I don't know this
just looked very interesting so I
thought would give it a go also got
two of my beloved collection lasting
perfection concealer because I get
through these so quickly probably is
like hands-down one of my favorite
concealers ever ever ever
over-over also saw that this was new and
it is by Bourjois and it is the radiance
reveal concealer which I thought sounded
quite interesting in the shade ivory
always go for the light to show to do
because I like it to brighten up my bags
and dark bits and etc etc correct and
illuminates with 24-hour hydration okay
and the last few makeup e bits
another thing that looked as though it
was quite new to bourgeois was this
which is the city radiant skin
protecting foundation with brightening
effect fresh and even complexion with
radiance boosting pigments I liked the
sound of this I don't know what sort of
coverage it has judging by the kind of
packaging which always makes me think of
like BB creams tinted moisturizers CC
creams um it I'm guessing from the
packaging it's probably something that's
a little bit lighter in coverage but
makes your skin look really kind of like
radiant and healthy and gives you a bit
more of a glow rather than a complete
cover-up especially since it's called
city radiance but I'm excited to give
that a try because it does say even
complexion and I think that this might
be the sort of thing what also has SPF
30 which is good to know that's a little
bit higher than I'm used to seeing in
something I think this is probably going
to be one of those products where you
feel like your skin is having a really
good day and you're like yes I think I
can use this gone it's yet another thing
from collection is this which is an eye
primer now I tend to use the Urban Decay
primer potion or the NARS primer Pro I
can't remember what it's called but it's
the one in the stick I've never found a
really good kind of high street
alternative so I saw this and I thought
I would give this a
this is the collection primed and ready
illuminating and reviving eye primer but
it says perfekt your eyes of this
illuminating and reviving eye primer
apply under your eye color for crease
free staying power so this I picked up
from Barry M and this is the money mask
camouflage color and condition your
nails so it's in its kind of a treatment
for your nails but it gives them a
little bit of color as well and I
thought this is perfect because I don't
do my nails much I feel like you can't
really go wrong here because like today
for example I could have so easily put
this on because I have nothing on my
nails and the color is so it's such a
nude easy to wear color that it would
probably almost look like you didn't
have anything on but you do and you've
made that little bit of effort and it's
doing your nails a whole lot of good
so this strengthens and conditions
damaged nails conceals with a semi-matte
color finish and this is in the shade
birthday suit which I just think is the
most amazing name for a nail polish ever
I kind of need to move this out so I can
do this for my nails after I finished
this video last thing I picked up was
this which is a this isn't the last
thing I picked up I don't know why I
said that
I meant the last thing I picked up
makeup wise is this eyebrow pencil which
is called Maybelline brow satin and I've
got it in the shade medium brown and one
end you have the very fine kind of
pencil nib and that is lovely and easy
to use and very precise and then on the
other end you oh my goodness that like
springs off on the other end you have
this kind of sponge with like pigment in
it I don't really know how to use these
I mean I can't say I've ever properly
tried I find them a little bit more
daunting I feel like the pencil end is
for kind of shaping the brow and then
you I think this end is kind of
fulfilling it and kind of like filling
in the gaps because it's a little
thicker but I haven't properly used that
I mostly just picked this up because I
thought the color
so good also picked up some razor heads
Gillette Venus a lot too excited in the
nail section and you guys know that I
like some stick on nails because it's
easy and there's so many amazing designs
and all the designs of things that I
would never ever in a million years ever
have the patience or be able to put the
flippin nail art on my now I just
wouldn't do it so I've got these ones
which are the elegant touch Express
press-on instant manicure no blue needed
what I will say about press-on nails
where it's kind of a bit tacky is I just
don't trust them I do a lot of things
with my hands I've got a dog I've got
hair that I constantly play with
I am constantly doing a lot of different
things I feel like press-on nails are
great if you're going to a meeting if
you have a photo shoot if you have a
book signing however don't expect them
to last a really long time because I
mean I don't know how long it says
they're meant to last but I feel like
these are kind of one time nails and if
that isn't kind of financially viable
for you then I wouldn't go for press-on
however that doesn't mean to say that
you can't put glue on these so if
there's some press-on nails that you
really like the design of I generally
just put glue on them and stick them to
my nail and they last the hell of a lot
longer and this is the design how
adorable are they I felt like they were
perfect for Easter I also got these ones
these are just as cute and also just as
perfect for Easter time don't know if
you can see that but they have like
pastel colored confetti on the ends how
pretty is that that these ones are
called twinkle a black and glittery or
maybe they're dark green I can't work it
out but they look like space which is
why I really like them and then these
I'm not as keen on the shape but I
really liked how like simple they looked
and I just thought they would be good to
have they've got kind of ombre silver
glitter on the tips and these are just
called statement French glitter tips I
also got some kiss ones which are
slightly longer in shape but they look
amazing so these ones are called gel
fantasy and they are these they're black
but they've got like different colored
glitter on the end how amazing are they
and then I also got these ones which
have like chunkier silver glitter on and
these are called gel fantasy also or
maybe they don't have any different
names I just called gel fantasies next I
went into the skincare Oh actually let's
do body washes first because I've got a
few body washes I got really carried
away with body washes got this one big
old yes - grapefruit rejuvenating body
wash I really love the yes - range they
have some really really nice things in
there I've just finished one this size
which was yes - cucumber which was
amazing I absolutely loved it very nice
and fresh in the shower and I wanted to
try the grapefruit one because I love
grapefruit scents in products oh my
goodness it smells smells incredible
plus this is Reid beefy this is gonna
last you a while next one I got was the
original source skin quench pineapple
and coconut oil yeah yeah I know
I wish smellivision was a thing oh crap
just got it on my nose nice oh this
smells amazing oh my goodness it's like
I've taken the lid off and it's like
finally the baby smells really good if
you oh my god you know what it smells
like it smells like a frickin pina
colada
I I don't know I quite like original
source they've got some great shower
gels in their range and that was the
scent I had not yet to try so I thought
we'll try it out and then this is the
last one this is the Nivea water lily
and oil shower gel with carrying oil
pearls and feminine
scent of water lily I actually just got
this because I love anything that says
water lily on it oh my god this reminds
me of something I don't know what it is
oh my god what is this and that crazy
that you can smell something and
instantly be taken back to like a memory
that had otherwise just disappeared I
don't know I don't know it reminds me of
a holiday or something but it smells
amazing
oh I also picked up this which is a
scrub and I liked the sound of this
because this is an air whipped although
it's gone
kind of weird what's happened here I
know we're okay I just love this okay so
this is the sanctuary spa air whipped
souffle scrub now you tell me which part
of that does not sound appealing to you
because that to me just I'll let the
best scrub of all time and I love scrubs
I love things that feel like they have
that kind of souffle texture
I don't know how they've managed to air
whip and souffle a scrub but I love the
concept of this also picked up this is
this is quite random but I wanted to get
these because I don't like feeling like
I have dry feet when I'm in bed at night
so I like to slather them in like body
butter like thick cream because I hate
having dry feet I really don't like it I
recently bought a pedegg and it's so
addictive but you're not really supposed
to do it too much because it kind of
makes the skin get drier and drier so I
bought these which are the bamboo
moisturizing spa socks enhances
absorption of moisturizers for softer
feet basically you put a crap-ton of
moisturizer on your feet you then put
these on at night I got the softest
thing I've ever felt in my entire life I
know for a lot of you the thought of
wearing socks to bed is probably
disgusting but trust me when I say oh
look at that little sock that's me when
I say it really works if you have dry
skin a hundred percent recommend you
every night putting more
stress on your feet and then putting
these socks on in the morning your feet
are like brand-new do it last little bit
skincare wanted to go to the skincare
section I've been getting a little bit
obsessed with skincare recently wanted
to see if there was anything kind of in
and around to a kind of high street
skincare section that's I thought I
would really like first thing I've got
was this I've seen a lot of people talk
about this and it is the LA roche-posay
sarah zinc zinc sulfate solution for
oily and blemish prone skin which mine
is at times it can get oily and it
definitely can get blemish prone why
can't I speak it says to spray on to the
skin after using a cleanser so it kind
of acts as your toner I don't know
whether you would use this after an acid
toner or before but it sounds really
good so I wanted to use that also from
the wash pose a I just really liked a
rush pose a as a brand like I've used
quite a lot of their products and you
guys know I'm obsessed with their
micellar water which I didn't actually
pick up because I found another one but
um I have also picked up a teeny tiny um
ooh thermal thermal spring water for
sensitive skin just because I feel like
it's nice to have one of these you know
if it's getting a bit hot out not that
that's happening right now but it's just
very refreshing I like to have a spray
to spray on my face and this one is very
nice the other thing I picked up was
this which is the LA roche-posay makeup
remover micellar water gel so it's a
missile air water but in gel form which
i thought was quite interesting so I'm
excited to give that a try I'm thinking
of using this to remove my makeup before
my second cleanse the other thing I
picked up was this by soap & Glory and
this is called the ulti melt I've tried
that other one which is very similar I
think it's called the deep pore maybe
and I liked it but I just didn't find
myself reaching for it very much this
one is slightly different it works the
same
a hot cloth cleanser so you put it on
your face
kind of massage in and then you use a
cloth or a flannel to kind of take all
our love things in tubes at the moment
really rating the tubes it sounded
really good and I don't really use soap
and glory skincare I've never really
tried it so I was excited to give this a
go with pro vitamin b5 sweet almond
orange and lavender oils for all skin
types
perfect last thing I picked up was this
which is good things argan oil
perfecting facial oil and this has
vitamin E and peach oil and it's free
from animal ingredients mineral oils
parabens and sulfates and I just thought
this looked like a really good oil for
the skin which I if I like is a really
great alternative to a lot of the more
pricier oils that I put on my skin so
I'm going to give that a go and let you
know how again also did pick up some of
these which I have never seen before and
uh I was in the shop and I was like what
are these these look incredible golden
eggs galaxy chocolate with crunchy
caramel rolled in gold rolled in gold I
don't know if you're going to be able to
see inside the bag look at those I'm
gonna have to have one now on ice they
are so good you definitely try them and
that my friends is everything from my
boots or I really hope you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up if you did let me
know if you've tried any of these
products or or if there's anything
you've ever seen
that you're me to try out before you buy
it
unlike your try before you buy also just
quickly I am doing a poll to see where
you want zoella beauty products to be ie
which country do you want so Ella Beauty
n basically if you want so Ella Beauty
in your country go to this par it takes
like two seconds and vote for which
country that you want it to be sold in
I'm doing a little bit market research
so I'll leave that in the description
box so go over and do that now not
before you've hit thumbs up though and I
hope you enjoy the rest of your day I
love you very much and I'll see you
again next week bye
