hello everybody today I'm going to
talking you through some of the things I
have been absolutely loving through
January and there are quite a lot
because I didn't actually do it December
favorites because I had all the videos
going on and it would have technically
been a January video but I did my 2015
favorites instead blardy blardy blar
okay so I'm going to get started because
I have a lot of things to get through
and I don't know about you but I haven't
got hours and hours to chat through them
even though we all know I could quite
happily and easily do that back in
January I went and had a little mooch
around boots and Superdrug at the
foundations particularly because I
really like trying foundations it's the
sort of thing that you apply once for
the day and you get a really good
indication of whether or not it's going
to be a good foundation unlike skincare
which of course you need to trial for a
while um so I picked this up and this is
the Rimmel lasting finish skin
perfecting full coverage foundation now
I love Rimmel foundations I think
they're possibly my favorite kind of
high-street foundation I really like
wake me up and I really like lasting
perfection so lasting finish was what I
haven't tried so I was really interested
to see if this was just as good and I
was massively impressed
in January I feel like my skin looks a
little bit I guess just a little bit
lifeless like it's not had any Sun for a
while I feel like I look quite pale so I
need it I kind of wanted something with
a little bit more coverage than I would
normally go for and I feel like this is
perfect it lasts longer than the other
two and more foundations that I've tried
and the overall coverage is really great
it blends really nicely and I just feel
like it looks great on the skin they
also have a really good range of shades
there's not just like three shades to
choose from there's quite a lot which is
why Rimmel is always kind of my go-to
for hi2 foundations but I've been
thoroughly impressed with this I pretty
much
used it every single day in January next
up I have been really loving nude lips I
say this with a super dark purple lip
but I have been wearing nude lips a lot
more through January I'm not too sure
why I think it's because I've gone
slightly smoky on the eyes
but there have been three lip sticks in
particular that I have been absolutely
loving this first one is the wild about
beauty lip pencil duo which I actually
used in my makeup look and it's this
kind of gorgeous oh my goodness look at
that it's completely ruined
just like smudged all over my lips it is
possibly the more kind of muted shade of
all the ones I have it's very natural um
but also I don't know I just I like what
my lips look like when I wear this and I
really like that you have the pencil
like the big fat kind of lipstick crayon
one end and then you've got the lip
pencil the other end which still isn't a
fine pencil so you can kind of shade
this in a bit with that but I really
really like that and the staying power
is also very good the next one I have
been loving is this one which is the
Charlotte Tilbury Miss Kensington it's a
very similar color it's more of kind of
like a muted pinky
um nude and I just really like it what
oh it's not particularly shiny on the
lips which i think is why I like it
because I feel like it stays a little
bit longer but it also looks really
really lovely with lip gloss on top so
I've been loving that one and the last
one I have been absolutely loving is
this one which I think I have featured
before somewhere and it is the sea art a
Olivia Palermo shade in Kashmir really
again very beautiful kind of brownie
pinky nude very similar to the other
ones to be fair very very similar this
one's just slightly more Brown in tone
just seem to be be loving all those
nudes makes me sound like a right
pervert this next makeup
product is a Becca highlighter I have
heard some great things about Becca
highlighters over the Christmas New Year
time I did a massive colt beauty order
so I had like some makeup bits in there
and I also had a lot of skincare which
obviously I have been trying out and
I've got some bits to show you in a bit
but one of those things was this
highlighter because a lot of people had
raved about them and this is the what's
this one called moonstone highlighter oh
my goodness
this is our amazing it just looks
incredible on and it's just a really
gorgeous color it's like a kind of pinky
like it's got like a pinky peach
undertone to it and it's so soft and so
easy to blend and oh my goodness just
perfection in a powder love it
the next thing I've been loving is this
perfume which I actually got in my
Liberty Beauty advent calendar over
Christmas and it is the o or o 1/3 now I
don't actually know if this is the same
brand that make my other perfume which
is the molecule oh one it comes in like
this little green case which makes it
perfect to travel with I think you can
wear this whether you are a man or a
woman is that kind of scent it's very
fresh it's very oh I don't know I cut
I'm so bad at describing scents
all I can tell you is I absolutely love
this I'm obsessed with it and I think it
smells amazing it would it kind of works
for daytime but I also think it works
very well for like evenings if you want
something a bit heavier darker smokiest
shades of vetiver oil are removed
leaving leaving a smooth woody and
slightly grassy smell now I don't know
if any of you feel that that sounds like
something you would want to wear but I
think it smells incredible when it comes
to bath time I have been using two
products quite a lot recently this one I
picked up in Space NK just before
Christmas and this is the gray
an alchemist pearl peppermint and you
ylang-ylang body exfoliant I have never
actually tried anything from grown
Alchemist before they have quite a
varied selection of products and you can
get them in spacing k and I think you
can get them online but I really liked
the sound of this I love the two bits in
I don't know I just quite like things in
tubes like this although don't squeeze
it when the caps on because you take the
cap off and it goes everywhere oh it
kind of smells like a mixture between a
toothpaste and a spa if that makes any
sense I like it because it's very
refreshing I love the smell this works
so nice in the shower it's also very
thin I really love thick scrubs ones
that you can kind of scoop right out and
you really can like buff into the skin
but sometimes I don't want something
like that sometimes I want something
that's a little bit lighter in
consistency and I think that's where
this works really well because it's like
suspended in a gel rather than in like a
paste it's mostly for me the scent of
this is just beaut if you like fresh
scents or you want something in your
shower to kind of wake you up a little
bit
whilst exfoliating your body then you
should definitely try this it's really
nice I feel like I've just been like
waving this around like a crazy woman
the next thing that I am completely
obsessed with are bees which are the
therapy Himalayan detox salts by rock
O'Neil
I love bubs you guys know I love to have
a bath I probably have at least like two
or three a week amongst showers of
course um but these really kind of stood
out to me as something I definitely
wanted to try I'd never tried Himalayan
bath salts before oh no half of them of
gone I'm so sad they smell so strong oh
my goodness they smell amazing they
smell like a spa they smell like the
best I've ever been to so relaxing holy
crap suspended their basic Himalayan
pink salt containing over 84 minerals
dusted with amethyst powder and infused
with essential oils these combined to
create a potent Trinity that helps your
body to rebalance and release toxins on
all levels whilst restoring a sense of
inner serenity a truly aroma therapeutic
experience the idea of these is that you
sprinkle this in your bath lay in your
bar for 10 to 20 minutes you get out you
kind of relax on your bed they do say
online like not to touch any electricals
and to just chill and you're almost
guaranteed to have the best night's
sleep that you have ever had it's
actually meant to be really good people
that struggle with sleep that have
insomnia and basically people who
struggle with kind of stress or anxiety
or just people that need to chill
basically and every time I have used
these I've had like the best night's
sleep I've ever had so I like to use
these after I've had a really busy day
where I've kind of been a bit non-stop
and I know that I've got the evening
completely free I'll go and soak in the
bath come out lie on my bed and then
I'll pretty much fall asleep like I
don't wake up I'm quite a light sleeper
although I fall asleep quite early and
quite easily it doesn't take much to
wake me up normally and then I find it
more difficult to fall back to sleep but
when I use these I feel like my sleep
has been deeper somehow so I think if
any of you are struggling to get to
sleep give these a try and let me know
what you think I personally love them
but then I love anything that you can
put your bar and I love sleep so the two
combined just make for the perfect
product another thing I ordered from
cult Beauty because Caroline hyerin's
who I'm always always talking about
because she is the queen of skincare and
I will leave her blog below as always do
go check it out she recommended to use
the tatah Harper nourishing oil cleanser
as a step1 cleanser so to remove your
makeup just basically kind of break down
all the grime and makeup before you then
go on to
your second cleanse which is to cleanse
your skin and I have loved using this I
feel like a small amount goes so far but
I don't feel like I'm tugging at my skin
like it's very very gentle especially
around the eyes because I've been
wearing quite a lot of mascara recently
and I find that sometimes I can rub my
eyes a little bit too hard with with a
bar but having used this eye I don't
know I just feel like everything comes
away so much easier it also smells
amazing like all tattoo harper products
it smells brilliant it smells brilliant
all 100% natural etc etc another product
I have been really loving are these
which are these Ellen's pH a plus bio
peel resurfacing facial pads I always
used to skip this step in my skincare
routine and after reading Caroline's
blog and hearing so many other people
using acid toners or acid wipes as part
of their skincare routine I decided to
start doing it properly so I have only
been using these for just over a month
but I do feel like they've made such a
difference to my skin and also my whole
skincare routine because I think one of
the main purposes of the kind of acid
tone or acid wipe is to kind of prepare
your skin for the rest of your skincare
as well as obviously exfoliating your
skin at the same time and I don't
honestly think these have made the
biggest difference to my skincare
routine and to my skin plus there they
smell amazing I have quite a few
different ones that I've been trying out
but I think so far these are my
favorites and I've only got about 15
left so I need to do an order for some
more also been loving this which is the
NV organic skincare rose hydrating mist
all skins and sensitive so after I've
been doing my acid wipe I have then been
going in with my spray with my little
mist just to hydrate the skin it's
this fragrant water soothes and hydrates
even the most sensitive skin and in the
must for air travel in air-conditioned
environments spritz anytime throughout
the day to refresh and hydrate the skin
and soothe the senses and I've just been
really enjoying this one it smells
really good
oh no I'm halfway gone last skincare
item is a something else that I ordered
on cult Beauty when I was having a
little shop around and this had a lot of
really great reviews so I wanted to give
it a go and it is the May Lindstrom skin
the problem-solver I've never tried any
other products by May Lindstrom before
but I know of her and some of her other
products so every now and then I will
have like a breakout of a lot of kind of
big spots like hormonal breakouts so
I'll get them on my chin mostly kind of
just in my t-zone um and when my skin
starts to get a bit like that I like to
break out the face masks and kind of try
and combat them basically but you guys
all know I love a face mask anyway this
one seemed super interesting it has some
of the weirdest ingredients I have ever
known in a face mask ever before it has
KN pepper it has cinnamon
I think it has nutmeg it has a lot of
things that if you've got this in your
eye you would not be happy you would be
screaming the house down it basically
comes in a powder I don't know if you
can see that but it's a powder and you
mix one tablespoon of that with one
tablespoon of water and it kind of makes
this like foam kind of like this green
foam which I then use a makeup brush to
apply it to my skin and then you leave
it for about 40 minutes until the green
dries on your face and you can kind of
see all the different patches and areas
where it starts to dry it stings like
nothing I have ever experienced on my
face before when I first did this I was
having a relaxing bath I put this on my
face and I was like holy crap this is
painful
I was sure I was going to take this mask
off and have no skin on my face left the
kind of burning sensei
lasted for about five minutes and then
after that it kind of disappeared and
when you brought it on your face for 40
minutes I mean five minutes out of 40 is
not so bad but it was that weird kind of
pain where you're like I like that it
feels painful because I feel like it's
doing something do you know what I mean
I I think I probably use this about five
times now and every time I've used it I
look at my skin the next day and I'm
like that has honestly worked like I
can't explain to you how good this face
mask is yes it's a bit more fiddly and
it's not as easy as squeezing a face
mask from a tube into your hand and
putting it on your face but I really
honestly feel like this does the job
it's not called the problem solver for
nothing
this look is gonna last you a while as
well like this is a really big pot I
would say how about a third gone through
and although I've had the face mask on
about four or five times I've also put
it on Alfie I've also put it on poppy
basically everyone that's come to my
house have been like you need to try
this face mask problem solver solves all
problems hurts a little bit but it's
totally worth it it smells like oh my
god
I breathed it in my nose is on fire oh
my god okay I'm good I'm good right so
that is all my skincare done I have oh
my god I just realized I have so many
other things to talk about and I'm
already like thirty minutes into this
video what am I gonna do this next thing
is really random and I don't actually
know if I've ever put a toothpaste into
a favorites video before but to be fair
I never really have favourite
toothpastes we just used toothpaste
because you know we have to do and yeah
we have lots of different variations but
essentially they all do the same job
blah blah blah however I really like
this toothpaste and I wanted to share it
with you because so many of you asked me
how my teeth is so white I once whitened
my teeth when I was 21 no 20 I was 21 so
back in
2011 I whitened my teeth it was like an
at-home whitening kit it wasn't like a
one-time thing
I didn't even complete the course I
think I did it about three or four times
but my teeth are very white um and I
honestly think it could be my toothpaste
right now I do think my teeth are whiter
than they've been in a really long time
and the toothpaste I've been using is
the oral-b 3d white brilliance whitening
toothpaste I just thought I'd throw that
in there because a lot of you asked me
about why I use on my teeth I'm using
this on my teeth and I really like it
and bonus I actually think it's whitened
my teeth which I didn't think it would
in all honesty I think you can get quite
a lot of different oral-b ones but this
is just the oral-b 3d white brilliance
but they've got lots of different ones I
don't know let me know if you've tried
this and if it's made your teeth whiter
but I honestly do think it has and I'm
not just saying that I actually I
genuinely think it's made my teeth
whiter so for me to you
toothpaste whitening toothpaste so the
last three favourites are kind of my
random favourites but they're all TV
programs for me January was the month of
TV series in that really weird awkward
time between Christmas and New Year
where you're a bit like oh my god I
don't want to like work right now but I
we're doing is kind of watching TV and
eating food probably one of the best
times it's the whole year if you ask me
but I watched a lot TV I got into a lot
of TV series it made me really
unmotivated and I probably get as much
done as I would've liked because I was
watching a lot of TV series but that
doesn't matter because now I can share
them with you and now you can watch them
and be unproductive too first one is
Call the Midwife Louise has been
watching this for years and I never have
what I've never what I never have
watched it I haven't watched it fun fact
for a while when I was younger I did
think I actually wanted to be a midwife
then I realized it was a little more
gory than I thought so no that didn't
happen it is such an amazing TV program
it's so interesting I honestly think
I've learnt so much
about midwifery and pregnancy and birth
and just things about history like it's
set in the 50s and 60s I think 40 50 60
s um and it's just really interesting
great cast great storylines pulls at
your heartstrings because it's set in
the old-school era it's really like cozy
at the moment I am watching series 4 and
series 5 at the same time which is
really silly but I can't not watch the
new ones but I still have catching up
with the other ones to do but if you
want a new TV series to watch watch Call
the Midwife series 1 2 3 are on Netflix
and then series 4 I got from iTunes and
series 5 is currently on the television
so the other TV series I was completely
obsessed with through January was scream
queens um I got into this because mark
faris told me to watch it I think did he
I can't remember um PLL ended screen
Queen started I was like this looks
interesting it's done by the same people
that do American Horror Story you guys
know how much I love American Horror
Story therefore I was like I am gonna
love this and I did I have to admit the
first two three episodes I didn't really
get into it as much as I wanted to but
once I got onto episode like four and
five I was completely hooked
I was watching hours and hours of it a
day um it's very slapstick it's
borderline offensive so if you're very
easily offended I wouldn't watch it it's
very funny the acting is great the cast
is great and I just feel like it's quite
a cool mixture of like PLL and American
Horror Story and that is why I loved it
because I felt like the two had come
together and made a baby once I'd
finished watching scream queens I
actually said to mark right what do i
watch now because I finished scream
queens and I need something else to
watch and he said you should watch
Luther I see a lot of people were
watching Luther I didn't know how many
series there were but I thought okay
sure I'll start watching this try to
watch on my own
and you guys know how much I love scary
things and I could not watch it on my
own because it feels too damn real I was
like no I can't watch this on my own I
started watching it I was like no no no
I'm gonna have to watch this with Alfie
so I waited and me and Alfie watched
Lucifer together as like our TV program
in the evenings but I do have to tell
you I've never had as many nightmares
like in any space of time as I have had
whilst watching Luther it's basically
about a police detective or a police
police officer who is solving all these
crimes but he's really cool and all you
just kind of have to watch it but it's
set in London and all the scenarios and
the crimes he's solving are really
creepy and just make you go oh my god
that could actually happen like that's
scary I think at the moment we're about
halfway through series 3
um and it's amazing I've basically been
telling everybody to watch it it's
honestly the sort of TV program where
you're screaming at the television or
you you're like biting your nails and
like gripping the seat that you're sat
in it's so good so highly recommend
that's three TV series that I've pretty
much nearly got through in January which
is so bad but so good at the same time I
feel like this could be the longest
favorites video I have ever filmed and
I'm starting to actually feel my voice
disappear and I don't know if that's
because I just inhaled cayenne pepper or
if it's because I've been talking for so
long either way I am gonna leave it here
let me know as always what you guys have
been loving in the comments don't leave
any spoilers for any of the TV series
that I mentioned but let me know if
you've been watching any of them or if
you love any of them as much as I do
I haven't actually address the fact that
there are now 10 million of us on this
channel like that is in sane insane I
can't even tell you how grateful and
thankful I
and that you guys have subscribed that
you're here and you watch my videos and
I love you I love you all very much and
thank you so much that is ten million is
crazy you can see the moment I hit ten
million over on
Alfie's vlog channel if you just search
pointlessblog vlogs ten million or
something it might come up um but yeah I
haven't actually spoken about that
because last week's video was a
pre-recorded video when I didn't have
ten million so now I can say thank you
so much guys it's just it's crazy
okay I'm gonna go now but give the video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it um let me
know in the comments what videos you
would really like me to do this year cuz
I'm making a list and I'm going through
all the videos I really want to film but
I would be really interested to know if
any of you have anything specific that
you would really really like to see in
which case I can add it to my list ah
but yeah I've really enjoyed having this
little chinwag with you talking through
all my bits and pieces and I'm a
favorite TV program and yeah I will see
you again next week bye love you
