hello everybody today I am here with
Marcus Butler hello it's been so nice
literally like three years you pampering
me oh yeah in your old place yeah yeah
it literally that G anyway my god you
guys really want you testicle video as
well so I asked you what sort of thing
you wanted to see most of them wanted us
to redo our accent challenge because I'm
so good at it because I'm amazing at it
so thanks so much guys the last time we
did the accent challenge was at my old
house when I love it when you do the
home yeah we've done two I don't really
do these with you we did wanna like yeah
Oh old old place in Bristol yeah I don't
want it oh my that's like three years
ago exactly so we need to carry on the
tradition third time lucky
I reckon this time we'll nail it I think
you're probably there there hey I'll
probably be just as bad as I was you
visited a lot of these places now oh
yeah oh happy today
how'd that one I've got um some accents
it's actually from a game called
accentuate it's really funny you should
play if you don't have it but basically
this is a little pack of a lot of
different accents / languages around the
world from around the world right um we
are going to each take one at random and
the other person has to guess the accent
and we have to do a sentence to guess
for you to be able to get away yeah okay
you're gonna set the bar so high you
stop picking it up Marcus I'm not that
good don't set the cards in case you
want to get like you know into a bit
what might is it going going been a pub
like a fancy cool
that way do I get a point though you get
back yeah you you you sure yeah I'm here
too good accent so I'll keep that oh no
it's got points on it one point one
point may I always worry that it sounds
quite Essex II though can you do like do
you know cotton yuan Sam Danny apples
and pears that's the only thing I
understood what my god Danielle please
dancing shoes
I'm so excited noises oh oh this is all
right okay
my name is Marcus big loss is like
you're part of community me today
immunity come being a day yeah see I was
I'm going to make a little montage of
Marcus a my name's Brian Darius through
all three I swear you've done that for
every single one thought that was the
two easy ones out the way and go
downtown I think I'm gonna buy a loaf of
bread
scoffs no I can't do it without saying
the place you know I was like what is
her Wireless from honestly like the
place shut the door Marcus like from
your care what what can't believe you
burning it rummy
oh yeah that's well talk cuz I wanted to
go boo mingle
yeah yeah yeah this shove the door yeah
that's true I wanna see I will never
forget I'm gonna say the one thing
that's most stereotypical as well and
it's just gonna even sound it's gonna
sound about right
you know it's meat is this scouts say
put your coat on that hanger put your
coat on the hanger alright that's not
right I think the foot was all right I
got the
they have a look in the mirror this is
I'm not ready clown now have a look at
no just have a look at no I called it
have a look in the mirror me oh yeah
like their mom oh yeah check out me dog
Nala I definitely know what it is but I
want you to continue this is this so
funny is it Jamaican oh okay oh I'll
give you that fair play fair play got
two points of that one oh don't get too
cocky yeah don't give me a sense so
should I just go I want you to say
Nana's coped looks very sleek and black
but such an English saying as well
Nala laughs your coat your coat looks
really sleek and and more and laughs and
back yeah Nala your coat that's really
really sleek and also very black
is it Australian it is Australia yeah
thank you well done
I love it black lick your coat looks so
black your coat yeah that mine was maybe
a bit more neatly Andy Oh South Africa
yeah yeah let's just meet Australia
there's still some railroads in here I
don't want to get oh good well great
Ridge Ruth terrific Oh straight this is
our hot nice to meet you welcome to my
country let's go to the bakery
thanks bakery what happens no invasion I
haven't got a clue
ah I came for me guess I don't get the
point for this one I trust feeder Oh try
and say it but I'm saying Sweden and
I've come bring four
Yarbrough Danny Archer Illustrated no
y'all y'all pray South Africa your ha ya
gospel it got for let this one huh
four points money for one full points
huh points I good y'all give me you you
give me give me your diamonds huh ha say
I really want to put my hair
straighteners on top of that stool and
then put that scar from that's a bloody
normal oh la think I'm gonna put that on
that I'm Australian this is really
harmonization right ok well I'll think
I'm still through it I'm straighteners
there need to put those straighteners
there on that there's snow where you
said there about five is hot that's
straight from there need to put that on
stolen then I'll need to wear that scarf
air around my head Jimmy I own five cows
I was oh oh
it's southern or Texas it's a some us
sub though okay yes of them I only get
two oh my god oh no you should serve
God's eye than me I don't know ever to
take a sentence from your same eyes then
should i give you interesting case yeah
it's already getting dark outside I
can't believe it
it's already getting quite dark outside
accomplice Oh God ha ok it's already
getting quite creepy
you're like mrs. Dinkley decades that's
really good well he's not that I wish it
was that teve I'm just thinking my
sister speak to each other your sister
yeah yeah yeah they speak each other in
this OH
sorry I'm not quite sure what I want to
be doing
I might go down to the shops later yeah
yeah I don't really I caught that losses
as a right the first thing dark outside
it's starting to get quite dark I'll say
oh yeah your son I think I could be well
you're so much better yeah but you're
literally your mouth basically basically
kind of yeah just live near wails no
Chuck's are very pleased in to listen to
it very pleased in to speak I like it
okay um you're getting really hard on
hello I need your help to get to the
bakery I I would love to buy some bread
yeah German yeah well they're like hello
right well it's going don't you I really
like living in England although the
weather is sometimes awful I really do
love a flower girl over there I really
do like living and that was I know that
was going into I really do like live
laughs my god I'm so bad I like to live
in England but sometimes the weather
isn't that great I really like to live
in England say like robot ready
I did do like to live in England but
sometimes weather isn't that italian yes
okay oh it was really nice to meet you
thanks for coming down there
well sure no no did you check out the
harbor harbor it was really nice and
sunny there the
day Bristow custodian no it does sound
like it Harbor come on yeah yeah I'm
good my name's yeah don't do my sentence
or journey area sentence what would you
rather I don't know um her life I say my
thing or give away straight away okay
gonna make you say one I enjoy long
walks during sunset Hey well I enjoy
dialogue during the sunset I really like
long walks in the sense I feel like it
could be European or in this country I'm
not sure which I love the I think holy
is getting his own market I really like
once what's on the beach Russia yeah
well since we're talking like that going
on the what on the beach you're going it
going for a little stroll there oh my
god what is that I know that it's been
quite funny I've quite enjoyed it
I've been excite I've had a sculpted
sculpted yeah you're so good at my just
net like you can speak that like
constantly you see the thing is I really
want to use those hair straighteners but
I also want to take a drink from that
plastic cup see the thing is I really
want to use this hair straighteners I
also would really like to take a drink
from that cup cool Cooper so one thing I
can say a tiny safe swearing say might
have to bleed this okay that's fine
me me suitcase
me foot in me oh you fuckin suitcase
Scouse no no me suitcase get the fuck
out my room
Judy yes yeah
my aunty I would yeah I love Jordan I
called the idea that I was gonna go yae
man
why are you mom going on a night out yes
you excited going out all the time is
that all of them that's all that's out
at the point I think you've won yeah but
I don't think it's fair
what are you 17 South African was full
plate I feel bad about that because
you're definitely better you can now you
could pretend someone that you're like
for different accents whereas I can't do
it like one day just for fun gonna do
you're just gonna go into town I'm gonna
just do that for the whole day and
partner if I meet a viewer and they're
like hi there you know good I pick your
favorite - um oh Australians the only
one I can hold a conversation let's both
be Australian on the after stay so much
for watching guys don't forget to give
the video a thumbs up we also filmed a
video over on Marcus's channel you won't
even dare it is basically a truth or
dare
Weaver Marcus and Zoe's Christ Ruth
almighty like better check it out
unbelievable stuff unbelievable you need
to say you sound like TV presenters
right now link in the description don't
forget to check it out and don't forget
to subscribe to Marcus Butler what a
great guy Wilson thanks this brilliant
sums a letter over here really hope you
guys enjoyed this video on her channel
and I'm sure we'll see you very very
soon until then sign it up Zoe
until then good bye now cheerio
