hello everybody as you can see I have
zero makeup on and that is because I
wanted to do my makeup on camera with
you so you can see what I was doing I
haven't done an everyday makeup look I'm
not going to say tutorial because as we
all know all I do is put my makeup on a
ramble away to camera not necessarily
the way that you're supposed to do it
but this is the way I like to do it and
you guys really like these videos so I
wanted to do another one I haven't done
an updated everyday makeup look for a
really long time so I felt it was about
time I did that and I'm really enjoying
a lot of the makeup that I'm using at
the moment so I really wanted to film
this video so the first thing I'm going
to be doing is popping on my foundations
the foundation I have been using and
absolutely loving at the moment is the
Rimmel lasting finish this promises to
last for 25 hours now I can't say I've
actually worn it for 25 hours because I
put my makeup on in the morning and I
take off at night um so I can't say that
that works because I've not tested that
but I absolutely love it I love the
coverage I love how it feels on the skin
and it is a full coverage foundation so
avoid if you don't like that but I am
loving this at the moment also the brush
I am using is the Sigma round kabuki I
really like using kabuki brushes just
because I like to kind of buff it into
the skin rather than like stroke it on
and and this is my kabuki of choice as
you can see my skin is already looking a
lot more even but I do still want to put
on some concealer so on my blemishes I'm
going to put the Urban Decay Naked skin
and under my eyes I'm going to go for
the collection lasting perfection
concealer get a sneeze s you
q Oh bless you now to wake myself up a
little bit and pop some of the concealer
under my eyes I kind of bring it down
from the kind of inside of my eye down
towards the top of my cheekbone and then
up my cheekbones I just find that kind
of works and then I just blend it in
again just using the same thing kabuki
now that I look far more awake I have
absolutely no dimensions to my face
whatsoever I am going to powder the
powder I've been really liking at the
moment is this one it's five bits by by
Terry and it's the hyaluronic hydra
powder it's really really fine so I find
that it goes on my skin really nicely oh
gosh dropped it all over my jeans I'm
just going to use this brush which is
the Sigma blush f9 to do a little bit of
dab in a little bit of that I am going
to very lightly sweep this in any areas
where I find that my makeup goes a
little bit patchy first or I can
sometimes get a little bit oily
throughout the day which is generally my
t-zone I also like to do a little sweep
under the eyes just to set my concealer
and then I kind of find that it lasts a
lot better throughout the day next up is
bronzer it's january everyone's skin
looks a little bit invisible a little
bit pale so I think I probably do overdo
the bronzer slightly and just in January
in December but yes I am going to use
NARS Laguna to do a little bit of
contouring and then I'm going to use
this Guerlain terracotta bronzer which
you all know I'm absolutely is
absolutely up top with absolutely
obsessed with this adds a little bit of
warmth whereas this is slightly more of
an ashy toned blush so this works well
as a kind of contour color you do the
overall bronze first so I'm going to use
the same brush you'll notice I use a lot
of the same brushes I don't know if
that's bad or not
I mean they all do the job don't they
I'm just kind of taking this across my
forehead and on top of my cheeks and
down by my jaw also don't forget to take
it down your neck slightly because if
you put a lot of bronzer on your face
you don't want a different color face to
your neck so try and tie it all in there
we go
I mean I'm not trying to look like I've
been on holiday for a week but I do just
want to add a little bit of color
because I just think it makes me look a
bit more healthy you know now I'm going
to go in with a tiny bit of contour I'm
not going to do this too much but I like
to just do it slightly so this is in
maestro 24 brush it's kind of like a
fluffy contour brush um I'm just going
to put a little bit of this on here
tappy tap may have gone slightly
overboard there trap okay there we go
slight bit of contour now it's time for
the blusher I am using the bourgeois
rose door Golden Rose blush this is a
beautiful slightly shimmery blusher with
some kind of gold running through it
very very pretty
I'm gonna pop a little bit on my brush
this is the maestro one for three I
really like maestro brushes that be
readily soft and really really lovely to
use a little bit of color much better
the last thing I'm gonna put on my face
is this which is the Becca shimmering
skin Perfector in moonstone this is
incredible I am obsessed with this I
placed a fairly large order on cult
beauty and this was in it because I hear
a lot of people talking about the Becca
highlighters and how amazing they are
so I wanted to give it a go and honestly
it's amazing I'm going to put a little
bit of eye primer on I have got the
Urban Decay eyeshadow primer anti-aging
edition not what I feel as though my
eyes are sagging already but you know
where you can prevent it you should I am
NOT looking forward to getting bagging
I'm really not I don't know if I've ever
said this before but if you don't have
an eyeshadow primer I would strongly
suggest you invest in one there's quite
a lot of different brands that do them
but I just find it really makes a very
huge difference with how your eyeshadow
applies and how long it lasts and also
how it looks I just feel like it looks a
lot nicer when you've got an eyeshadow
base and you don't have one you should
get one I've been doing this like every
day for the past two weeks
however with eyeshadow I kind of vary it
up quite a lot I have a doggy chlorine
at my legs do you want to come up do you
want me to do your makeup you're so
needy aren't you I'm finished yet don't
lick my face just done it
no as I was saying before I was rudely
interrupted by a snorting very black dog
is that I use kind of a variation of
different eyeshadows everyday there's
not really one go-to eyeshadow look that
I'll do I kind of mix it up quite a lot
because I go a lot of eye shadows but
one palette that I have been using quite
a lot is this one which is the Too Faced
chocolate palette it's called chocolate
bar and it has lots of really lovely
kind of neutral shades in it which
obviously are kind of my go-to shades
I'm going to go hazelnut which is this
gorgeous color here it's kind of like a
bronzy color don't worry if this part is
messy by the way I'm aware I look really
freaky right now but this bit doesn't
need to be particularly neat I mean
that's what I tell myself anyway because
you can do use a blending brush and make
it look so much better at the end I'm
also going to take another little brush
these are the maestro brushes again and
I'm going to take that color underneath
we don't all need to hear you cleaning
the filth thank you very much what I
definitely look slightly terrifying
right now I'm going to use hot chocolate
oh no this is semi-sweet semi-sweet
which is a
coming see which is this shade I'm going
to take that in me crease I always like
to have a lighter color in the corners
of my eyes so I'm going to use marzipan
which is this gorgeous kind of pinky
champagne color and I'm going to pop a
little bit of that in the corners now
I'm going to fill in my brows with my
trusty Mac charcoal Brown and I also dab
a little bit of this one in too because
my brows are kind of dark right brows
let's do this
less avea using a little angled brush
this is the Sigma small angle e65
thought my hand was bleeding then that
was really weird I was like come on no
no blood they're just going crazy I feel
like I've done quite well at growing my
eyebrows out slightly okay my brows are
done I am very happy with them I'm also
going to put a little bit of nylon under
my brow just to give it a little bit
cheeky highlight because you can never
go wrong with a little bit cheeky
highlight buh-buh-buh-buh-buh it's also
nice to kind of blend into the brown
because then it kind of makes it less
harsh I'm obsessed with this brush this
is the Sigma tapered blending e-40 it's
so big and so fluffy and I love it I'm
just not sure doing makeup with a runny
nose is that attractive my nose is like
running it's like a tap I'm like having
to edit out lots of me like sniffling
with tissues next up is the lil bit of
mascara this is my favorite bit because
as far as completely transforms the
whole look and I'm using the Maybelline
lash sensational of course I found one
in extra black I don't know how much
more black this is in the black one but
um
looks extremely black and that's cool
cuz I like black mascara also can't get
this off so I managed to get it off the
top can't get it off the bottom so I've
just got like cellophane wrap around my
mascara and got back to black stuck in
my hair dyed note that album is one of
my favorites of all time lashes on dunzo
next up art millets now i've been going
crazy for neutral lip at the moment or a
nude lip and this one came in my pa box
and i thought it looked really really
lovely and i have been wearing this for
about a week and it is the wild about
beauty lip pencil duo in 0/1 Fiona
it comes with the big kind of lip pencil
on one end and then a liner on the other
end so I line my lips with this side and
then I fill it in with this one and that
is the finished look I really hope you
like it I'm pretty much obsessed with it
hence why I've been doing this everyday
for like the past two weeks
also if there are any other looks that
you would really like me to attempt to
do for you then please let me know I
really love filming these videos and I
love showing you guys the makeup I've
been wearing and the makeup I've been
loving so let me know I will leave a
link to everything I used in the
description box so make sure to check
that out give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I'll see you again
next week bye oh oh stop cow no it's not
last and fish's lasting finish
I feel like my camera might stop
recording but no is it gonna no I don't
know shroom you out
Oh Shay bye papi
say bye papi
