smash that all on the floor smash that
give me some more smash that you get
sore I'd like my god oh yes sure I'd
like some eggs election sham - Nelson
hello everybody welcome to 2016 holy hat
I can't believe it's a new year it's a
new dawn it's a new day it's a new year
once again I met with the kind of odd
feeling of being a little nervous to
start my video I feel like I've been in
hibernation since 24 days of zoella that
was quite intense so I gave myself a
little a little break um however I did
notice I uploaded this type of video
last year on exactly the same day so
it's almost tradition now that these
videos go up on the 11th of January I
don't really know why I get like nervous
to start a video in January it doesn't
really make a lot of sense because I was
literally here like two weeks ago but I
do for some reason this year 2016 is
starting off with a lot more of you
watching and I think that's probably why
because every year I sit down to view
these videos it's kind of like a bit of
a whoa there look how much happened in a
year look how much our little family on
the internet has grown and it makes me
really happy and hi to those of you that
subscribe recently and hello to everyone
who's been here for a real long time I
love you all a lot I've missed you and I
am very grateful that you're all
motorbike you may notice the lack of
Christmas in here yes I know it's like a
normal bedroom now it's not a winter
wonderland however I am going to keep
these fairy lights down the back of the
bed because they just look awesome
round with blood gay very light yay
so long rambling intro out of the way I
am going to do my best of 2015 products
so I'm going to do a rundown of all the
things that I love through the year a
lot of which have probably feet bullets
a lot of which have probably been
featured in my favorites videos but this
is just a nice little I'm gonna start
with makeup the first
I have loved and was a clear mascara
favorite through the year was this which
is the Maybelline lash sensational I
have been getting so many comments on
vlogs and in pictures and on these main
channel videos of people asking me which
mascara I'm wearing most of the time it
was this one and I just really really
liked it it's a really great price it's
very easy to get hold of it makes my
lashes look sensational but no seriously
I really really like this and
considering this is a plastic applicator
brush which normally I really don't like
I was thoroughly impressed so thoroughly
impressed that it's up there with one of
my favorite mascaras ever I've been
loving these this year and they are the
colourpop lip lipstick lip lipsticks I
can't speak colourpop lip ultra matte
lips they're essentially liquid lipstick
which I know sounds like kind of dodgy
scary territory for a lot of people but
I am head over heels in love with these
they're extremely long-lasting they have
every available shade you could ever
want they're really easy to apply they
taste nice they don't feel too drying
which I know that a lot of people get a
bit scared about with liquid lipsticks
and I I just massively love them so if
you're after like bright colors
especially at Halloween oh they do like
dark Purple's dark blues greens like
every every color you could ever imagine
and so yes highly recommend staying with
lips I feel like I have a lot of lip
products I don't try a lot of makeup
through the year but the one thing I
definitely do get through is a lot of
different lip products so at least
there's that I've also been absolutely
loving the NARS Velvet Matte lip pencil
is that what it's called in dragon girl
which is this gorgeous kind of deep
orange e red is extremely blunt because
I've pretty much used it all up and I'm
one of those really annoying people that
never remembers to sharpen and just keep
going until I have wooden splinters in
my lip because I'm still trying to get
it out
so yes been loving that definitely want
to check out all their other shades
because I just really like the
consistency of this I like how easy it
is to apply
I like how vibrant the color is on your
lips I like how it feels and yeah I just
I really rate those so I'm going to
check out some more of those this year
how excited I also really loved this
year the Estee Lauder lipstick in
Restless 340 which was the kendall
Jenner lipstick
I don't know if this is limited edition
or if she just put her name on a shade
and the shade is still available but
maybe not in the kendall Jenner
packaging I'm not sure but it's not
really a red that I would generally pick
up aware like normally so for me to have
actually fallen in love with quite a how
would you describe it's quite an orange
e red I thought it was worth mentioning
here because as you guys know I really
like my kind of berry toned dark reds
and this was just really nice red for
summer another lipstick that I have been
obsessed with in a slightly more neutral
shade was the Rimmel Kate Moss in 38
which is this gorgeous pinky nude I
actually have it on now because I was
going through these favorites and I was
like oh my god I haven't worn that in a
while because I've been wearing red
pretty much the entirety of December and
now that it's January I'm like get the
nudes out again you guys know that
Rimmel lipsticks are my favorite
drugstore lipsticks ever I pretty much
own every shade and I just feel like
this is the perfect pinky nude for my
skintone I feel like it would probably
see everybody but it just has a really
lovely consistency it lasts really well
they taste nice not that you're supposed
to eat it but you know when you catch a
little bit on your lip or whatever on
your tongue another thing that I have
been loving our Tanya Rose lip glosses
this year she relaunched her lip glosses
in new packaging this is my favorite one
this one is daydream my favorite shade
from her older packaging was a shade
called chic and I feel like this is
definitely the closest shade to it I did
have words of Tanya when I realized she
hadn't bought chic back out I
so gutted I was like where chic what
have you done but then I realized this
one was pretty much the same thing I
actually don't use any other lip glosses
i only have Tanya's and she has like
every shade you could ever need in her
range I also loved that the new ones
taste and smell of watermelon you just
don't get enough product smelling and
tasting watermelon these days so thanks
Tom it kind of it reminds me of those
sweets in pick a mix that look like
little watermelons or I love them the
other lip thing is a lip treatment and
this is a new addition to my yearly
favorites but I really wanted to put it
in because I have been pretty much using
this every day since I discovered it and
it is the Clarins instant like lip come
foil this stuff is just incredible I
love it I pretty much recommend it to
everybody I know it feels like honey
inconsistency but a lot more smooth not
not sticky at all I probably shouldn't
say honey to be fair I think it's cuz it
looks like honey it has this really
lovely big padded dopher applicator
which feels quite luxurious as you put
it on your lips it's just very easy to
use um the effect it gives your lips
when you wear it on its own is so
beautiful your lips are really lovely
and healthy but also just as a treatment
I find it so good like my lips just
haven't been as dry because of this they
haven't been so bad and it has replaced
my Elizabeth Arden 8 hour cream which I
absolutely love and I still use kind of
in other areas but I prefer the taste of
this I find the 8 hour cream quite like
oh it's just nice it's like a sweet kind
of scent wash it just so much together
how am I ever going to do it next up is
something that when I was looking back
through my favourites videos and going
through my makeup collection I had
completely forgot existed that is proof
right though I have way too many items
of makeup in my makeup drawers um it's
the early Decay Naked skin weightless
complete coverage concealer I love this
stuff it's so good I have to say the
shades come out slightly darker than you
think they will though so bear that in
mind if you have palest
but in summer I pretty much lived in
this concealer it is really great
coverage so if you've got a few little
blemishes this is perfect doesn't
require too much blending doesn't
require too much layering and it's just
overall a really great concealer so I
would really recommend that if any of
you need any I'm going to order myself a
new one because I feel like I've had
this just a little bit too long and I've
left it and it's probably festered in a
lot of different bacteria from my summer
face so I'm going to buy any one of
these however I did use it today so
gross eyes wise I absolutely loved this
year and again families when I was going
through my makeup and was like I need to
wear these again the see art a London
eye shadow loose eyeshadow pots these
things are incredible the actual product
is a very metallic e looking like it
gives you that kind of not wet look but
it's like super metallic so you really
feel like you've got a good like aha
what is the word I'm looking for
opacity of metallic the one that is my
favorite though is Colin's F which is a
really beautiful warm gold so check
those out if you haven't yet or before
or ever whatever stop right next up was
this blusher which I really really liked
this year this is Kiko a brand that I
hadn't really explored too much before
um but I did explore a lot more of their
products after I was sent this and
completely fell in love with it
packaging is slightly like slightly
annoying because it's so huge in your
bag however so cute on your makeup table
and it's just so sturdy like the blush
is never going to break this is the
tribal so baked blush in wild move
palettes wise I I feel like I've used so
many different palettes this year but
the one I probably went back to the most
is the Too Faced love palette I have
seen quite mixed reviews about this some
people feel that it was a little bit too
glittery
I personally feel like it was our my
nail I personally feel like it was
perfect it has like every shade you
could possibly imagine it's so pretty
I think the shades I use the most
definitely these two the kind of more
Goldy shimmery shades I really like
two-faced pallets
oh good someone's at my door I really
love two-faced eyeshadows I feel like
they have great consistency amazing
color payoff and they blend really
nicely as well so if you're after some
eyeshadows I would highly recommend
another thing that I really liked
through 2015 was the me a brow precision
brow detailer which is basically the
thinnest tinea SACEUR eyebrow pencil you
have ever seen I have used up my correct
shade which is now why it looks like I
have jet black eyebrows because this one
is in the shade impeccably dark which I
feel like looked good on my eyebrows
when I had all over dark hair but now
that I have quite a lot of blond I feel
like it just looks a little bit too dark
although it does match my roots so
technically that is probably the color I
should be filling in my eyebrows by
default like it's is the smidgen bit
dark so I'm gonna go out and get the
slightly lighter one which is the one I
use through 2015 and I don't know I just
find this so easy to use and you don't
feel like you're having to press really
hard which sometimes it does feel like
you are having to do with with a normal
pencil like this has quite a nice waxy
consistency it's almost like a cross
between a pencil and a felt a felt ink
one which I really like and it's just
made filling in my brows really easy I'm
going to go into a haircare and perfume
and nails haircare brand that I have
been obsessed with this year is all Bay
it looks like it should be pronounced a
rib which is what I called it before I
found out that isn't actually how you
say it this hair care I have to warn you
is on the pricey side but I can't help
using it it just makes my hair feel so
incredible and it smells amazing and
I just feel like my hair has never
looked as good as this in terms of like
the condition of my hair the color of my
hair just overall hair stuff I just feel
like this is the answer to all my hair
prayers and it's expensive but I love it
on a slightly cheaper note but also love
just as much is the OGX shampoos and
conditioners I used these a heck time
this year in fact I took these on
holiday with me so I want to smell and
see if they smell of holiday ah they do
this one is coconut water I did actually
put this in a favorites so you can go
and find that to see me waffle on a lot
more about it but again just makes my
hair feel amazing the range they have of
these is so vast there's a scent for
everybody I really like the coconut one
myself but yeah love those too perfume
wise this year I have definitely been
loving the library of fragrance they
have so many incredible smells the one
that made me fall in love with them
though was honeysuckle because it smells
hot literally smells of summer and here
Li which I do sometimes wear together so
that I smell like a secret garden and
also one I really liked through the
festive time was Gingerbread I love this
smell so much oh my god it just reminds
me of Christmas and Gingerbread and
everything amazing if I could have
everything smelling of gingerbread I
totally would another scent that I've
been using a lot this year
and I have had it the year before but I
ran out and then alfea's mum bought this
for me for my birthday this year and
it's the molecule oh one perfume which
is the perfume that you're supposed to
spray on yourself and it kind of like
reacts differently with different people
and it's meant to smell different to
different to different people I haven't
explained this very well but what I can
say is that I absolutely love it and
whenever I smell anyone else wearing
this I'm instantly like you're wearing
molecule oh one I can smell it
nails
um you guys know how much I've read
about elegant touch nails this year I
love elegant touch nails this box has a
bit of just on I never got to wear these
shiny rose gold ones still have them
those are still got time I really like
elegant touch I feel like they suit my
hands that's my main issue I have quite
small kind of granny like hands and they
just look very wrinkly and dry and I
come in sorry hands I'm like completely
put my hands down I just don't love my
hands you know I feel like every I mean
do you ever meet anyone that loves their
hands like really I don't know it's that
thing the length and the shape and the
fact that they have one small enough for
my smallest nails just makes me very
happy and they also have a really great
variety so repping the elegant touch
nail this year speaking of hands will
swiftly move on to hand cream I do have
my own hand cream which I do love I
actually resisted putting any zoella
zoella zoella beauty
it's my Italian range I actually
resisted putting any zoella beauty into
this because I just love all of my stuff
like I would literally have to sit here
and just talk through all of it so I was
like no leave out all your own products
and talk about other things because
everyone just knows you like your own
products because that would be weird if
you didn't so I feel like it's a given
all my new products would be in this
video if you had an extra 30 minutes to
spare which neither of us do although I
don't know you might I don't hand cream
this is the envy hand rescue it's an
intensive skin and cuticle treatment I
put this on my hands like oxygen to a
lump sum on one of the weirdest things
I've ever said in a video I just use
this all the time it's basically why I
wanted to say I love it
I actually don't love the smell because
it's that fake orange scent but I can
look past the smell because it is an
amazing hand cream I either have this
next to my bed or in my handbag on
rotation with my cell a beauty one but
yeah really like this I feel like it's
it's coming to an end though so I will
need to purchasing another one next
thing I
being loving is the LA roche-posay
micellar water for sensitive skin this
one is actually all gone I need to get
some more I really really like this so
after I've done my first cleanse I will
use this or I will use this in the
morning or I will just use this term
with my makeup and then do another
cleanse I kind of slip it into my
skincare routine where I can but I just
feel like this really calmed down my
breakouts cleans the skin and removes
makeup purified Sue's and respects the
physiological pH it respects that I like
it I do actually like it because it's
all gone so I would definitely recommend
this for any of you who feel that your
skin needs a like to kind of calm down
or kind of even out a little bit I feel
like that's what this is done another
skincare brand that I have loved this
year another skincare brand I've loved
this year due to my friend Caroline
Hiram's who is the queen slash goddess
of everything skincare which I say every
time but I just need to remind you in
case you weren't aware her blog is in
the downbar you need to go and read it
she has the most incredible posts that
make you want to spend hundreds and
hundreds of pounds on skincare to have
the best skin so Tasha Harper is a brand
that Caroline introduced me to and I
really like their stuff they're very
kind of natural products and my skin
basically loves them I've been using the
rebuilding moisturizer which is so
nearly gone I don't know if you can even
tell I need to get some more of that and
the hydrating fluorescence which also is
kind of half gone great brand to check
out slightly more on the pricey side but
when it comes to skincare I just feel
like you can't really put a price on
products that work and these work for me
anyway another product which is a little
bit more on the pricey side because it's
Sunday Riley is Luna which is a sleeping
night oil now I don't know if I put this
in a favourites I can't remember so I do
my entire skincare routine and then I
put this all over my face it is blue so
sometimes you kind of look oh god I'm
spilling it look at that oh so sometimes
you look kind of scary like you've just
come from
the depth see but it's it's basically a
retinoid oil Caroline always ghost me
what retinoids you using I'm like um ah
the retinoid but this is my retinoid
this is why you need to read her blog
because i don't know what a retro is i
just know i need it in my skincare
because i have blemishes i put this on
at night have noticed a huge difference
when i wake up my skin just looks so
much better you know when something's
aggravated that's it aggravated so when
you've got like something that's reread
and roaring and aggravated you put this
on it at night and you wake up and it's
chilled it's like a chill pill for your
spots i really like it highly highly
recommend plus it just feels really nice
to put something nice on at night before
you go to sleep another thing i've been
absolutely loving oh my goodness this is
the last product i'm so sorry you've
been here ours is the origins clear
improvements mask this is an active
charcoal mask to clear your pores I
don't have big pores so I don't notice
things like that but I'm pretty sure
there's grime in there somewhere and I
just really like using this I do feel
like it makes that a little bit more of
a difference my skin just looks a little
better plus I feel like I'm actually
looking after my skin when I do a face
mask and I reach for this one a lot and
I especially reach this a lot in 2015
and that my friends is everything that I
love through 2015 you're on the wrong
you're on I'm done give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it guys let me
know if there's anything you absolutely
love through 2015 and I will see you
next week bye
