my heart yeah
cy huh yeah it's great cheers mate we
did what's good on my bonnet look at my
bonnet and I'm happy about this sari
what fun it is to ride you look like
you've got cross-eyed hello everybody
welcome to the final day of 24 days of
zoella and I just say congrats you're
well known for your zip what we do so I
love LA glissando Ella 24 days of just
pure Christmas stuff like pure Christmas
joy as I'm saying Fairplay I can do that
Fairplay I fight this is my last video
here on this channel forever
I'm joking I'm gonna poison even that
may leave it shop then since this is the
last video that I'm doing in December I
wanted it to be a special one now I
think this could be the fourth year
we've done this so you're not gonna do a
video I'm not 29:30 your photo coming
out your nose Hey oh did you feel that
yeah cool he put a freaking hair on my
body so for the last video I'm doing the
fourth year fifth year we've done this I
can't remember which one it is makeup or
five years and saying yeah four let's go
for four time we've done this we're just
doing our Christmassy video we're gonna
ask some real Christmasy questions just
have a few Christmassy lols really I'm
ready I just wish you all a very Merry
Christmas know we all want something
keep putting we all dance up stay keep
it what's biggie pudding anyway like
putting me thinking it make sense
hahaha what was the best thing about
Christmas where you are both younger and
has it changed now the best thing about
Christmas when I was younger was the
fact that I believe that father
Christmas is real yeah well I am your
hanger with you're watching this I feel
like most people watching this probably
know that if you don't the best thing
about Christmas for your younger is I'm
putting like the night before Christmas
Christmas Eve
ready yeah and then don't get going it
the more you can have a stocking of toys
and stuff anyway the fun are you ever
scared that you might see hit a random
man in your room no time to know from
watching like from the media nowadays
just they portrays father Christmas is
the most friendliest man in the whole
world so I would like to know what if I
do see him he's gonna be a legend but it
was a true was that if you see him then
he won't give you your presents oh yeah
where's I can't feel my knees to look
out the window just think yeah yeah
whereas I kind of feel like it's his own
fault like yes his that's his human
error if he gets caught then maybe he
should think about retiring and making
some nasty fuck very very very true just
say I also think that's changed slightly
now just because we've got an older and
we're the ones that kind of have to give
the presents now yeah not a big fan of
Christmas nowadays just because only
because we've got no youngsters in our
family the youngest person our family is
now 18 and tragically Joe has to have a
child I'm gonna have a kid yeah you
heard it here first
Joe is having a child for next Christmas
who do you find the hardest to buy
Christmas presents for um I find you
other people hard and you're older than
me I find difficult by 400 everybody
older ladies old ladies because that is
the easiest night my guarantee hey don't
you think for old ladies as candles or
the smelly things old people click old
women love a good disclosing this sensor
don't lay anything this sits right
anything assented well I I think that
that means it's easy surely uh I suppose
yeah II didn't never know what is good
what's a good sentence I think you and
now for your hard to buy for because you
both by yourselves your own stuff back
in the back in the olden days when I was
younger if someone said you're getting
socks for Christmas I'd like pull the
other one no chance I want an Xbox
now if I gave you socks now of you all
over ever to know what I'm gonna use
they're decent what's your favorite
holiday song um I have to my favorite
one is shakin Stevens snow is falling
all around me
children playing having fun
second one is number nine on Michael
bublé's Christmas outworlders big snows
coming nitrogenous yeah that's by a lady
yeah I had it anyway
people who read love that one Christmas
baby piece to learn about you please I
like Merry Christmas by shaker Stephen
yeah I also like Merry Christmas mr.
Buble no not fun I also like um all I
want for Christmas is you I lose it all
I want for Christmas is my co Ron hey
remember you're a one ball one Christmas
song okay there's no remember you're a
womble did one more Christmases not some
baubles
themed cheese I'll do it just know your
favorites don't get which I joke in any
way you are talking mince pies what's
the best Christmas that you can remember
together and why was it your favorite
1993 the one way you got really excited
1997 sorry yeah
1987 hell yeah what did you get me like
six or seven years old I was eight years
old I love Star Wars Star Wars Christmas
no you weren't you were not that was not
97 really you look like good 3 then I
given 3 you were 3 I would know been 3
my vocabulary there for 3 rows I see
you've not five years for oh that was a
better Christmas I really Christmas
where I got a bike do you remember that
no we came downstairs and we were
yourself my gosh and it was wrapped in
wallpaper yeah but it was in a box
where's that on the box pretending it
was a whore our parents thought sod that
without pay like money wrapping paper
books he'd walk or wallpaper that was
the year we sussed that mum and dad was
actually follow Christ no I think I went
into the year afterwards how can you go
it was so obvious oh no do you remember
us saying like but is he st. Nick
is obviously father Christmas Saint he's
a saint like me and Joe used to talk
about it quite a lot and try and suss
him out yeah someone said how do you
spend Boxing Day Oh
shilling yeah he's just a bit used to be
just sort of playing on my playstation
games i've got for christmas and just
stop eating off the sweet I'm just yeah
chilling but then it towards the evening
just turn to another party again isn't
it everyone gets the drinks everyone
gets a drinks Alexandra's those so hung
over the best way to tackle it they're
getting getting back on it getting back
on though the Bailey's I just like to
watch lots of Christmas films on
Christmas pajamas yeah it's a proper
relaxed days yeah I love it
I'm gonna play you a Christmas song and
you weren't gonna pause it and you've
got to carry it on okay and the sleigh
bells sounding so bright throughout the
and the sleigh bells ringing so loud for
out the air throughout the wall yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah the yarn is in the
air I'm the slave children laughter
filthy oh yeah God Jesus Christ was born
on Christmas Day no final answer yeah
okay guys I'm locking that in three two
one I can reveal wrong you went up yeah
your Christmas Day shit you're saying I
did look it doesn't really feel like
Christmas at all
what grown up from oh I've always I've
come to realize I'm so bad at like
remembering lyrics I get from mum mum is
known even if she actually think that
I'm the same I'm the same like the
hardest Christmas song go like - halfway
through no neven even close
accurately lucky nay in me Menomonee
whenever mini no no really reveal the
answer is pretty much all right can you
give you a voice OH
done yeah Jenna Jenna Louie my one true
love we coming along and really eating
mince pies mince pies paradise you know
problem with opening presents early if
you're good
marshmallows for tasting and caroling
how I don't know that one
supper look at 1 John now just go from
the start
see another dad Tony Cottee Tati Tony
Hawk Oh No see you baby goodness in you
know the time to turn it up step in into
Christmas Oh what's he saying
Oh Bob my turntable yeah I didn't oh
well you learn something new every day
you plonker
I should have every bad if I didn't
excellent and Angus know the greatest
gift they'll get this year is la ah
nothing never grows well no rain are we
must blow blue
oh no no it's horrible
I quite get it right never
hey Sun not what we're on that track not
this one no that was the one before it
as they shouted out with glee
but I'm 30 instead of a festive fart Oh
God okay what about this one you've got
a friend in me by sorry no that's not
Christmas Glee I don't know Glee I've
never seen in my life yeah listen mate I
told you why I told you twice go go all
right
don't leave me stay here I want to go if
I want to go your fortune me you're
making me go see me do it I don't want
to do if I want to go only right I've
booked müber all right you're not
stalking me I'm not gonna can't sit now
and they'll get charged for it I'm going
you got you you if you want text me what
exactly I only found out tweet me if you
have to do but I'm going all right just
just call me or to me you're looking
that in yeah knocking that one in okay
not quite not chivalry is dead yes thank
you so much for watching guys I really
hope you've enjoyed 24 days of zoella I
have had so much fun
please let me know in the comments which
videos being your absolute favorite from
both myself and Joe I've done like seven
of them
we wish you oh sorry I meant from myself
and Joe's in my videos
No thank for meeting Joe's we wish you
safe or me and Joe
Merry Christmas everyone a Happy New
Year
you
