hello everybody today I am doing more of
a kind of chatty video I don't know if
any of you are very long-term viewers of
YouTube but if you are you might be
familiar with tags tags used to be a
thing for YouTube was like this huge
thing that everyone was doing and doing
really freaking well people would just
sit and do tags and that was like a fun
thing to do I haven't seen anyone do
this so I feel like I may have created a
tag don't like quote me on that someone
might have done something very similar
I've searched I haven't seen anything
but it's kind of a youtuber tag so it's
lots of different YouTube questions that
I have compiled that I thought would be
so nice for lots of youtubers to answer
in that own way and everyone's answers I
assume will be so different and it also
includes kind of videos and it kind of
really gets to the nitty gritty and I
thought it would be really fun to do and
I've been meaning to do this for so long
I thought now is the perfect time right
I'm just gonna get like cozy first
question which I feel like most people
will be like well that's easy and we all
know that but I genuinely feel like most
people who have joined this channel
recently probably don't know the answer
this and the first question is why and
when did you start YouTube when for me
was 2009 Wow wait let me just double
check that because I think that's when I
first uploaded a video where's the time
going I found my first video is actually
on private I uploaded my first ever
video on November 26 2009 I was 19 years
old I had already started a written blog
and I noticed that a few of my favorite
bloggers also had YouTube channel or the
other way around where it would be a
youtuber who also had a blog and so I
was I felt very comfortable writing and
uploading photos because I absolutely
loved doing that but the thought of
doing a video terrified me and so many
of my blog like commenters were like
please do a video there
point I think I had been going to a few
beauty events and meeting up with other
bloggers and they were like you should
do it it was kind of the time where
people weren't really making videos and
I feel like a lot of bloggers were
making that step from like their blog to
their YouTube it was a really big and
scary prospect so eventually I gave in
and I did decide to do a video okay next
question is what was the reason you
started your channel and how does that
compare to why you make videos today so
the reason that I made my youtube
channel was more of an extension of me I
think a lot of people at the time we're
enjoying learning a little bit more
about me and the things I liked on my
blog and I felt that doing videos would
give someone a little bit more of a feel
of who I was and the things I enjoyed
and to show a little bit more of my
personality because I think it's very
difficult to express a personality in a
written blog I think with photography
and someone's writing style you can get
a certain aspect of who they are as a
person but until you see them filming
you get like a whole other like 3d like
dimension of that person and I think I
wanted to engage with my blog audience
and my other like blogger friends
through video and I found it really
useful I enjoyed editing I've always
been into making video since I was
younger and it just seemed to make sense
I wanted a place to be me and to express
the things I loved and how that differs
from today I honestly don't think it's
any different for me besides the fact
that this has turned into my career
which it never intended to back in 2009
the reason I actually sit down and make
these videos has not changed a single
ounce the reason that I do this is still
the same an extension of me and the
things I love and somewhere to talk to
the people that want to listen I think
and I quite like that that's still the
core of why I do this because I enjoy it
and if I didn't enjoy it I wouldn't be
doing it so that is the answer to
question next question is what is the
first video you ever uploaded and then
I've got show us a clip and you have to
show a clip whether that is a privatized
video or not you have to show a clip in
this question unless of course you've
deleted it in which case just show the
one that you still have that's like your
oldest video so for me that is random
vlog experimenting on the interwebs and
this was my first video it was actually
a follow me around blog which still to
this day as some of my favorite videos
to film and it was me and my friend
Louie going to Bristol on a shopping
trip so to be honest not much changes
there and I will insert a clip now
skip out
do use a shower gel I don't really know
why I made that private I think just
because I didn't really know what I was
doing the editing was bad and it didn't
make a lot of sense to have it on my
channel once I started getting more
comfortable we'd like to sit down in
front of my camera videos so I made it
private who was the first person you
subscribed to I wonder if I can see that
so the first people I subscribed to I
don't know the exact one because I think
I had a day where I created my YouTube
channel and I just went through and I
subscribed like everyone that I was
really enjoying watching which was
lollipop 26 X package pixie woo and the
Shaytards CTFxC and lauren luke panacea
81 that was another one who I subscribed
to as well those were the people that I
first watched who is the most recent
channel you have subscribed to oh I
don't know how to check I wish there was
a way of like being able to check I've
not made this very easy for people I
feel like I've been on a real like
subscribing to new channels binge right
now but I will write all the channels
I'm loving and that I recommend in the
description box of this video but for
now a couple that I have just subscribed
to are the Ingham family the Meldrum's
and Conan grey what is your least
favorite video you have ever uploaded oh
I mean I guess it's all the ones that
are private 'add but there was one it's
cold I went into lush
which was obviously me trying to think
of a new way of saying lush whole I
don't know why I did that I also have
one called Prime Arne lute which is
actually still on my channel and that
was also another one I was trying to
think of another word for haul I had
just had a really bad horrible awful
argument with my then-boyfriend
and I don't know why I decided to turn
on my camera and film a video I think
maybe to make me feel better or to
distract me but actually what I should
have done was just not uploaded it it's
like it's this massive bull like me to
film the video and honestly watching it
I just feel so awkward like I'm huffing
and puffing in the video I'm like and
then the next thing I got like why do I
upload that honestly I'm so glad it's on
private I also have like Alexandra Burke
singing in the background really loud
because I hated filming videos in
silence I just couldn't do it so I would
always put music on really quiet in the
background which is so stupid and
probably really annoying for people to
watch but I have that really loud in the
background I'm in just like the Fallas
mood talking about all the lush bath
bombs I bought and it's just the
weirdest video ever
I know that some people are getting
really sentencing mushrooms and I'm
really sorry if you are but hopefully
you won't affect on this video if it's
bothering me that much what is your most
popular video and why do you think that
is my most popular video is my seven
second challenge with Miranda sings I
think this is probably my most popular
video because it is absolutely great
like the video is crazy let me just
double check it's still my most popular
yeah
it currently has 22 million views
Colleen if you are watching this I feel
like the fact that this has so many
views and is my most popular video we
should definitely do a part 2 of this
video everyone loved it me and Colleen
had the best time filming it there's so
many bloopers which are at the end and
yeah I don't know I I guess everyone
really likes that video how many videos
do you have private 'add or unlisted I
have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 videos on private and how many
do I have unlisted oh hello another 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 unlisted and that is
because they're like channel trailers or
they one is for like Evans Valentine's
video and some are part of a makeup
collection video that I did so it's not
any that I absolutely hate unless it is
just I don't need it on my channel but
it's still available if people need to
find it so I don't feel like that's so
bad I know people who have put literally
so many videos on private so I'm really
really interested to know people's
answer to that question next question is
show us 10 seconds of your least
favorite private video a lot of these
are like live show like come and watch
me I'm doing a live show I don't hate
any of these I'll be completely honest
so I will just show you 10 seconds of
any of the
I'll put ten seconds in of one of these
videos enjoy and we're gonna go shopping
again but this time I actually looks so
gross today I'm having I hate my
appearance today and I just can't deny
so I give up and this is just what I'm
gonna look like but it puts me in a bad
mood which youtuber would you choose
above the rest in your subscription box
at the moment so if every single person
you had subscribed to all uploaded a
video at the same time which one would
you click first I feel like I'm very
fussy with who I subscribe to oh my
goodness one how will I ever pick one I
think at the moment it's a cross oh can
I do a couple I feel like this is way
too hard why did I give myself this
question it would be mark Tania or
Rihanna Ashley or also the ingham family
I've been really enjoying their vlogs
and so if I had to pick Oh if Rihanna
and Ashley the Ingham family mark and
Tom all uploaded a video at the same
time I would struggle to know which one
to click first because like at the
moment because I am really enjoying
watching all four of those who would be
your dream collaboration Oh Nicole
Scherzinger Adele Harry Styles Millie
Bobby Brown um there is an endless list
of people I would love to collaborate
with I'd also love to know who you guys
would absolutely love to see me
collaborate with I'm not talking like
other youtubers I just mean in life I'm
not saying it's gonna happen I would
just be really interested to know who
you think I would make a fun video with
my main thing when it comes to filming
with someone is is this gonna be a good
video or are we gonna be too awkward
people standing next to each other not
having the best time we can have which
is why a lot of the time I don't film
with people I don't know very well
because I don't think that would be the
the best video it could be which is why
I thought a lot with my friends and
people that I get on with very very well
for me it would be somebody who I know
we would have that chemistry that were
like so on the same page that it would
be an amazing fun video for you guys to
watch and also for like us to film so
yeah I would be really really interested
to know who you think I would get on
with really well in a video let me know
what was the hardest video for you to
film oh like hands down when I first
made that video about panic attacks that
was terrifying because the minute you
open up that side of you that is more
vulnerable and more open to I guess
criticism and you're kind of like laying
it all out there and that has taken me
years like to build up that confidence
to talk very openly and to share really
intimate parts of my life with an
audience and even to this day I still
find talking about certain things hot
and you know I don't talk about things
that like hit quite a core and for me my
panic attacks were that so it was
absolutely terrifying to sit and do that
very first video where I was like yeah I
have panic attacks and this is a thing
and I hope this helps just one person I
remember uploading that video and like
physically shaking and being like right
there's no going back like I feel like
it was the best but the scariest video I
filmed to be able to do that and to know
I was helping people made it so worth it
and I honestly don't know if I would be
at a position where I am now with my
anxiety if I hadn't done that because it
also made me feel more comfortable with
talking about it myself too and it also
made me think right I need help for this
so overall it was it was the hardest
video to film but probably one of my
favourite ones I've ever uploaded
because I think it made an impact on
other people and also on me if all your
videos but one were deleted which one
would you keep that's hard because after
I've just said that about the panic
attack video I don't know whether that's
one that I would keep up because as much
as it was hardly film I feel like it's
probably not the most in
motive I like that when I watch it back
I'm like I would have said that's a bit
differently or oh I wish I'd added that
bit and I didn't so it would have to be
one that I feel but I have a lot of like
connection with I do love the how well
do we know each other with Alfie I think
that is one of my favorite videos my god
I don't know in all honesty I don't
think it would be a main channel video I
think it would be a vlog because vlogs
for me are more like video diaries
they're the ones that I want to watch
back I never want to watch back and
what's in my handbag or like a products
I've been loving or a favorites I don't
watch those back because once I've done
that that's done but for me vlogs are
days I want to remember and have
captured and those are my favorites so I
think it would have to be a vlog which
vlog I have no idea let me have a look
oh this so many that I love on here like
this is just too hard do you know what I
think it would be my birthday surprise
the best birthday ever or meeting one
direction and then this is us premiere
or all the emotions with mark because
that is one of my favorite vlogs in fact
I actually have a playlist on my
vlogging channel of all my favourite
days so if you guys ever want to know
which days are very special to me and
which vlogs I enjoy the most go on over
there I'll leave a link in the
description and you can watch all my
like favorite or my favorite days I'm
gonna throw it back to you guys let me
know which video is your absolute
favorite that you would want to be the
one and only video on my channel if I
had to delete every other video let me
know in the comments what is the best
thing to have come out of creating a
YouTube account making people feel
something I see so many people just
telling me how much I have changed how
much I've helped with their mental
health journey how much I have helped
because
ah I'm like a positive influence on
their life or watching their watching my
videos cheers them up and makes them
feel happy and that for me I think is
the main thing to come out of what I do
is that I can influence people's lives
positively and that makes me feel so so
happy because I don't feel like I'm
trying to do that and it's nice that
naturally that's just what happens
because I don't feel that I'm having to
try and force it I'm trying to like
force people to feel happiness because
that's not I mean that's not people want
to watch but it it makes me so so happy
like right in my heart like to my core
that for the people that enjoy watching
me I'm able to make them feel positive
and happy in a day they might be having
that is not so positive or happy or if
they're going through a very hard time
or they're ill or they have things going
on in their life that they feel they
can't escape from I like thinking I'm
that escape for people and that makes me
really happy
another thing which is amazing to have
come out of this is new friendships I
have met some of the most amazing people
doing this and I moved to Brighton
because of doing this like I don't know
what my life would be if I didn't do it
I'm just so so grateful that I get to do
this every day and that I love what I
get to do every day and although there
are days where it's so much harder than
others or there's more work than other
days it's still so enjoyable for me to
do and I honestly couldn't imagine not
doing this now so thank you for all your
support and just for being the most
amazing subscribers and viewers and
whether you've been here from day one or
you subscribed resides watching my
videos last week you are important to me
and you are a key kind of reason that I
am still here and able to do this and
I'm also able to bring happiness to so
many other people so thank you very much
and that is like a really emotional
question I also just want to say as well
the opportunities that this channel have
given me whether that is like personal
opportunities like being able to buy a
house or moving to Brighton but also
opportunities like going on the Great
British Bake Off which is like my
all-time favorite TV program I was able
to go on that being a part of band aid
oh my god what are the cool things were
done books products like there are so
many things that 19 year old Zoey that
started this channel would have never
even contemplated could have come out of
doing something that she loved so so
much and I just think that is like
mind-blowing and last question what one
piece of advice would you give other
youtubers I guess it depends because if
your channel is kind of at the stage
where it's really growing and everything
is becoming a lot more serious I feel
like my advice would be so different
than to someone who wanted to start a
channel from scratch honestly my biggest
piece of advice is stay true to yourself
and make what you want to make because
if you are making things that you don't
necessarily love or you don't really
have a passion for or you're talking
about things that don't interest you
people are gonna see that if you go back
through my channel and realize that I've
been doing hauls and favorites for like
7 years I make the videos I want to make
I talk about the things I want to talk
about when you feel comfortable and
content with that I think people can
tell and they get to see the real side
of you and I think that's really
important with YouTube because people
watching like that connection and that's
where YouTube is so different from like
films and TV because a lot of the time
you don't have that personal connection
with so no you don't feel that you have
that personal connection with someone
and watching someone who genuinely has a
love for something you can really see
that and I love getting to know people's
personalities and like who they are
through their videos so I think that
would be my main piece of advice do
things that make you happy don't do what
you feel that you should be doing and
have fun like have fun with it if you're
not having fun there's no point doing it
so that is my little youtube tag I don't
know what I'm calling it yet so whatever
it is in the title is what it's called I
would absolutely love any other
youtubers who might be watching this to
do the video tag me on Twitter so I can
watch it I'm so so interested to see a
privatized YouTube video clips and B
just to know all their like answers to
all the questions questions the
questions largest answered tag your
favorite youtuber on Twitter asked them
to do this tag and one of the questions
I did actually want to put in but
realize I didn't really want to limit
the answer because I think this should
be a really long list was going to be
who are your current favorite youtubers
I think it's so important to share the
love and to give other people the
recognition that they deserve so I want
everyone in the description of their
video if they choose to do this to list
all the channels they are loving so
after you've watched this video please
go down into my description box and
check out everyone I'm gonna be putting
in there I'm gonna put loads I'm just
gonna put every channel
I am currently loving down in the
description box and yeah that is that is
the video so I really hope you guys
liked it it was nice to sit down and
have a chat and I will see you again
very very soon bye
