hello everybody welcome to day 22 of 24
days of zoella can you believe there's
only two videos left after this that's
crazy it's gone so so quickly so for
today's video I decided to do something
cold by the way I made this up like
super early one morning when I couldn't
sleep I don't know if someone else has
already done this but it's kind of a tag
and it's called a very YouTube Christmas
so the premise of this is that you've
invited youtubers over for Christmas and
you have to answer different questions
with who you think the question most
suits so as you guys know a lot of
youtubers are my friends so this kind of
felt like the perfect video to do
because if this actually happened which
I guess it technically could one year if
all of us were like screw it let's just
all get together for Christmas which
would be so fun by the way all of our
goal is saying because a lot of
youtubers are actually my friends I feel
like I can answer this quite easily but
if you guys want to get involved and do
this tag as well then obviously you can
just kind of imagine who you would
invite to a YouTube Christmas to a very
YouTube Christmas question one is who
would bring the best dessert okay so I
thought about this and I honestly think
that Anna Anna Saucony Jolie would bring
the best dessert does his dessert
speaking really funny today Anna makes
amazing puddings amazing cakes she's
also very good actually just cooking in
general um but I think Anna would bring
like an amazing dessert yeah for sure
question two who would carve the turkey
see I've already written my answers down
because I didn't want to be thrown on
the spot or forget someone so I've put
Jim down for carving the turkey because
I feel like Jim is quite a kind of not
father figure but he always has his head
screwed on and I feel like he would be
the most calm and
um kind of fatherly figure to carve a
turkey I just I feel like Jim's quite
good at a lot of things and if you gave
him a big old knife and a massive turkey
I feel like he would do a very good job
of doing that so Jim for sure
three who would take the best photos see
I've actually put Alfie down as this one
because our feet is very good at taking
photos I don't know if any of you know
this but he has like every single camera
you could ever imagine
he has every single different type of
lens I just feel like he would be there
with like all these different lenses
like getting really lovely candid shots
of the day for sure do you agree with
that Alfie okay Alfie agrees for who
would look the most glam
I have Tyler as looking at the most glam
because it's Christmas Day we're all
there we're all glammed up I felt what
Tyler would go the extra mile and he he
would definitely be the most lamp
especially if he asked me to do his
makeup which he probably would who would
have the tackiest Christmas jumper I've
actually put me down for this one
because I feel like I would somehow I
share what I could have even made it
myself just stuck everything
christmas-related
on a jumper and really gone to town so
yeah I've said me on that one I think I
would definitely wear the most tacky is
Christmas jumper six who would make the
worst Christmas jokes I have put
Jonathan Ciccone Joey down for this one
because he not that they would be like
the worst jokes but he makes me laugh so
much because he just says the weirdest
things or he gets things wrong we always
joke that he should have a book of
Jonathan isms he gets all the Disney
films wrong if we were all watching a
film he would think it was something
completely different if he had to read a
cracker joke he would say it wrong like
I feel like Jonathan would be the person
that everyone would be laughing at the
most um just because he does come out
with the funniest like one-liners
question seven who would fall asleep
first for sure this would be Louise she
would be over in the sofa with a blanket
for her with her pili and she would be
fast asleep by midday for sure
question number eight who would be the
last one dancing
see I've put two people down for this
one because I wasn't sure I've put
either Tanja or Gabi because they both
have like I don't know they're both very
good at keeping the morale high and at
the Christmas party Tanja was dancing
all through the night took her shoes off
she got really into it
so I feel like either turn your or Gabby
would be the last one dancing being like
come on guy number nine who would bring
the worst gift I feel like this is kind
of its I don't mean this in a mean way
but I've put Kasper purely because I
just feel like Casper probably needs a
little bit of guidance with Christmas
shopping oh yeah I'll be just said
remind everyone of what Casper got you
for your birthday
Casper got me was it beef jerky bill
tongue Casper bought me some biltong for
my birthday it was yeah it was a lovely
thought
very lovely thought yes so for my
birthday Casper bought me biltong which
actually to be honest I was really
chuffed with because I was like caster's
bought me a present how sweet is that
he's actually thought about buying a
present but I just feel like Casper
would have the funniest presence like if
biltong was my birthday present what
would he get everybody for Christmas ten
who would be in charge of Christmas
music I've put mark down for this one
mark faris just because when he was here
the other day he was like singing along
to Christmas music with me and I just
feel like he gets it right and I would
completely 100% trust him
with being in charge of a Christmas
playlist for sure 11 who would be in
charge of Christmas dinner now I've put
two people down for this one because I
just feel like these people would be
calm collected and I know they're both
very good at cooking so I put Ana and
Naomi you just know you're gonna eat
something great if Naomi and Ana are in
the kitchen basically twelve who would
make the best snowman I've put Joe down
for this one because Joe is very
creative and he
just make a regular snowman he'd be out
there for absolutely hours making sure
his snowman was different from everybody
else's and it would be really impressive
it would be like some crazy like Jack
Frost type snowman with like icicles
coming off of it like it would just look
mental like something from frozen 13 who
would win at all the games I've said
Tonya of course
Tonya will win at all the games and
obviously this is just because she a
absolutely loves games she would
definitely be the one that's like come
on guys let's all do a Christmas quiz
and then she will win it because she's
so determined she's so competitive and
it's honestly one of my favorite things
about Tonya because you can just see how
excited and how enthused cheers about
everything that is a competition and I
love it 14 who is most likely to knock
over the Christmas tree I've put Marcus
because I don't know if any of you guys
kind of remember that Marcus is one of
the most clumsiest people I know if
there's something in a room that is
wobbly Marcus will knock it over if
there's something that everyone's kind
of walked around Marcus would walk into
it there's just always something Marcus
will get himself in a muddle over and I
just feel like if there were if there
was a massive gorgeous Christmas tree in
the middle the one person who would
accidentally knock it over would be
Marcus okay and the last question
question number 15 is who would be the
best Santa impersonator
I put Joe because although he's not kind
of rotund with rosy cheeks and a big
santa tummy I feel like if he dressed up
properly with like prosthetics and
little bits of like fake moustache and
beard like if he properly if someone
properly dressed him up like Santa he'd
be so good at it because he's really
good at impressions and impersonations
and he's also very good at different
voices and just general kind of body
language I suppose and body movements so
I feel like if someone probably dressed
him up and sat him down in a chair he'd
be a really good father Christmas
and applause so yeah I definitely think
Joe I'm now picturing this amazing
youtuber Christmas scene in my head and
if any of you have any great animation
or drawing skills please draw it because
I really want to see it and actually if
any of you guys are watching this who
i've talked about in this video please
can we make this happen please can we
have one giant youtuber christmas
because i just feel like it would be the
best thing ever
okay so i really hope you guys enjoyed
this video i love things like this if
you want to do the tag I'll leave all
the questions in the description box or
if you just want to answer them in the
comments as to who you think suits which
question best I would love to see thank
you so much for watching give the video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll
be seeing you again tomorrow with
couples pictionary with Tania and Jim
which I'm so excited for you guys to see
because it is so funny love you bye
member
