video together we're like competing I
know Julie we're gonna hate going out
hello everybody today I am joined with a
very special guest it is Marlo I
mentioned him in my October favorites
and lots of you went over and said hi oh
very lovely work so lovely I feel like
I've got the best viewers the best look
guys are great I think you subscribed so
I thought it would be really good to
have us both firstly I just wanted to
film a video with you anyway but also I
thought it would be really good for us
to go head-to-head yep doing the
ultimate Christmas quiz ultimate under
pressure
mmm shutting down on me no rules of the
game are our face behind the camera here
he's got a list of is it 20 questions
yeah 20 oh I don't know what they are
marked as royal palace in front of me
that's the only do you know they are
always gonna come ray so are you ready
I'm ready
are you ready yeah ident what item of
clothing
disinter Klaus traditionally leaves
small gifts for children in the
Netherlands and other European countries
what clothing what I do look like you
synced up I guess this is what a cool
something lowest weight are doorbell
chiming don't swell story but I'm a bit
not gonna like it boys oh hey that was
my outfit down um like a Heusen why
don't close then the simple house
traditionally Oh as a present as a
Christmas present
it's on pop a scarf socks we have
apron underwear no Nikolas jacket John
Carr shoes
yeah shoes oh yes what sort of shoes it
was just a shoe okay
I bet they're pointed yeah with a little
bell on the end but how many gets in
total a given in the 12 days of
Christmas song oh my god
72 no 75-72 young child AZ there okay 20
what you their yard so you get along one
what what we Francesco Totti 30 dogs and
five gold ring Dutch maids five Dutch me
milk me no know what I'm not sleeping as
presents today but you have one gezi I'm
not good at math is it in the hundreds
one gets to eat us closer sake the point
it for everything we've shouted you've
lost that and we've said one and we've
said sixty four hours at 275 over are we
gonna hate yourself
yeah 25100 love way oh did I get 100 360
400 every day of the year is in there
wait I just read you sing Pippin no oh
Ginja Ritchie God ha ha ha is it
Oh No good watching the fuckers Kansas
City a reindeer really um begins with J
not sure that's why Yugi
Gandhi oh this is really hard good
gamble some way better question number
four might got do this
come on in 1843 sir Henry Cole designs
something that sold 1,000 copies in
London for the first time what was
advent calendar Christmas carols book no
slave the same tonight Christmas card
yeah now I'm happy yeah yeah
question 5 what Christmas song Reese in
1994 makes number 2 in the UK Singles
Chart that's its 10th platinum after
over 1 million sales white Christmas
last Christmas
1944 1994 he says yeah Mariah Carey
one-off Christmases year yeah hello what
is at Allen ball Tannenbaum yeah what is
that
Oh Christmas a question no food song
look an instrument no an outfit no a
piece of furniture slay just think it's
not just Christmas Christmas officer
yeah which item designed to look like
icicles this originally made
a real shredded silver what item
designed to look like bicycles was
originally made of pieces of real
shredded silver decoration garland ice
forces plus a modern-day witch
decoration which condition icicle
droplet ha ha
shards of glass the shot Alec you are
overthinking yeah I think it's like oh
very nice very lies no yeah just copy my
stop I thought it was a little bit
louder I get the fucking dark cracker
just keep on angels um hot shredded
silver though tinsel yeah this is a good
one which shitty
traditionally donates a Christmas tree
to found the square in London every year
front no Germany no America no we sit
sit in London is the plate is how big is
it massive how to square yeah we the big
old tree
how many foot I don't know I called fin
so my green Greenland don't sound like
that
are we close with any other why I'll
tell you the country and you have to tap
in the city ok you got it
yeah no way of course bloody Norwegian
spruces no way
right no one's got the point this answer
I'm not gonna know it
there's no way and specifically also ah
how many points does a smoke wake up
eight fourteen eleven no 7 no 8 no you
said it's uh quick six yeah yeah I just
over two hundred sixty million dollars
what is the highest-grossing Christmas
feel um hey man I know I'm going to
jingle all the way
Polar Express oh my god it's that one
it's a miracle folks just tree have we
got it down set just gal-pal IRC know
what I know I was waiting for the whiter
my neighbor up in the mouth jingle all
the way
I love the Muppets Christmas Carol
nativity Linda vividly wait the Snowman
what is that man oh I mean was it in my
top 10 Christmas film The Grinch yeah oh
my god Wow I know you got no much money
that was a huge one I didn't know that
straight away in the strong Santa Baby
will color with the singer like their
new car a 54 convertible I say ice blue
steel blue steel yeah according to his
song what it prosti the snow not have
four and knows color
but yeah so it was really aggressive but
I'm describing a Christmas song here
Nene tell me what's up after the absence
of sounds during the time from sunrise
to sunset
pink on it think about it it's so easy
no sound so he's gonna get it on fast
no there's no chance you're gonna get it
okay here I got Oh Robbie are four main
food groups right now candy candy cane
sugar and ice cream honey candy candy
cane maple syrup chocolate chocolate I
think you never seen Alps Chris no no
there's something between is candy candy
canes something and syrup candy candy
canes candy corns
ah yeah ah point well to talk about yeah
I'll give you that one
what Christmas Carol contains the line o
tidings of comfort and joy o tidings of
comfort and joy comfort and joy
good rest ye merry gentlemen i like this
was donkey yeah
ask who I did yeah donkey little donkey
no that's my major oh shit oh god I'm
I'll just go now you should know come on
you you Christmas Carol remixes
traditionally what colour is Santa Claus
where before the red suit we're used to
seeing where today from green yeah oh I
was gonna say green eggs Oh what should
you eat each day over the 12 days of
Christmas Sabrina
good luck chocolate mince pie yeah okay
get that see I think because some of
them have been so hard we expect all of
them to be oh yeah we did you see were
like how many wing is names end with ER
7 no 603 full yeah yeah which ones are
they they are that one
oh you know that one Dasher dancer
Prancer vixen comet Cupid Blitzen Donna
Donna that's the one I always forget
which
three is Lapland located like Iceland
Greenland Finland yes yeah how many
drummers with Drummond and Evan ten ten
twelve yeah others oh yes oh yeah
what do we win pick something in this
room that we win the grammar a good loss
they went out Christmas quiz 2015 well
deserved well Oh Oh my shelf I just want
to thank everyone I know I'm alright
I'll share my cranberries well thanks
thank you so much to mark for coming
onto my channel thank you for having me
and yeah I hope you guys are enjoying
the 24 days of zoella we also filmed
video over on Mark's channel where we
played heads up Chris message so make
sure you go on over and check that out
the link will be in the description box
thank you so much for watching guys give
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll
see you again tomorrow
member
