I'll apply bold waters ultimata
hurry important hello everybody hello I
am they re right bye bye my little
chummy yeah and sorry it's been very
highly requested that we do the third
annual gift-giving video so I have just
received my gifts from Louise which you
can go on over and watch on her Channel
after this point below yes the sale I'm
actually a description one it's actually
not my description bar is which day it
is today
secondly I've got you kind of little
bits and pieces here is what I want
yeah don't feel the pressure each year
okay
so I went way overboard I bought you
more presents that I bought like my dog
Taylor I bought you this I loved it
I love this fucking I love it it's from
Katia fern I saw this in that video and
I thought oh that's for me
yes it was so I pop them in here and
there is slight order to more but still
there's a lot in her tummy basically
like these there's not a lot it's just
little things okay taste of your arms
when you go back to you smart lyric okay
this was not a jam in 2013 so that's as
well that's the one you live to the end
beautifully wrap yeah I got this stuff
happy okay about this one yeah you can
experiment I really like the wrapping
paper it's it's lots of edible Christmas
items yes it is this you turn give it aa
broken you remember when we listen to
and One Direction on repeat yeah like
all day and all night I've been just
play it again oh sorry
how about we just played
to love yourself that worldly okay I've
got Bieber fever yes dick this says the
book called crushes a serious study past
and present is it's for me to like
writer yes the best thing I've ever seen
okay the joke is I started Shoko suppose
it's not really
you're a newly single woman now you can
fill this in with past and press always
have a lot of story it's about a lot of
boys and I flirt a lot and I go on like
some dates and like yeah now it can all
be documented I feel like this is giving
a most valuable it's like you believe
your phone out your laptop opened this
I'm mostly like a loan to your pillow
you have intensity soft spot attraction
smitten fantasy style I like love okay
this is why what about your ex like this
is so Louise because all these levels
are actual things you know I don't
really fancy him I'm just I can't really
explain it and like oh so are you
smitten you didn't have a sucks but like
it is amazing I know who I'm gonna write
button this okay Oh looks I've got some
nuts
mmm this hair bows yeah it is
you know how I never sparkly hair bow no
look how I let my white - I love a hair
bow thanks chummy that's a good one it's
a good one did well on that one this one
looks a big one yeah that one you're
using too much wrapping phone and piss
of your love-hate relationship with new
your sticky page markers for New York
how keep it let me feel Japanese your
yes my time yes that's pretty good a
diary dig too long
I love these he's a very nice and I am
cute
we all tax you I am growing to love New
York I'm learning to love it I got to go
back again this year definitely is it
pencils you don't have to sit at a pen
is it pencils is it pencils as exist
pencils only just rainbow pencil rainbow
pencils yeah your what yeah
what shut the front door stop the press
look how pretty they are
Wow yeah yeah cuz I'm I'm incredible
eyes the several item oh oh
don't know what these could be Oh
Japanese you kind of a smoking if not
have chopped up anyone oh look Queens
well I probably not pennies anymore are
they they're probably like two pound
coin pound coins with inflation these
day and I is it a remember all yummy
said that like it's a really no it's not
remember not really oh sorry not this
time and Mary are they so cute cat Eric
thanks trouble little little cartoon
rings I'll call one rocket and ones yeah
- thank you ok don't know if you'll know
what I said super Wow look just smell
the mouth smell
Warren Michaelis is a lush thing and
it's got butter beer bath bomb
father Christmas bath peeping Santa
bubble bar and snow angel
Thank You chummy you're welcome I do
this enough for ya Thank You Jimmy
just smell the box thank Dustin I'm
great okay you just look like one okay
Wow look at the four six-inch ribbon
curls six inches cut out there I don't
do something like that you could do it
Darcy oh is it to make all to make you a
flower well it was the plants and
there's no God planted I love flower
crowns yeah look at their little example
one on the back how cute is that that is
cute queen of the fairies flower like
it's an actual nice one it all of them
are nice and there's a you know I
chummy thank you this is a really
thoughtful gift I love it and I know
that Jessi likes fairies right now let's
just hold those it's like waiting for
fairies thank you okay and then this one
yeah yeah oh all they offer a cough what
lovely string want to save that keep
that nice you reuse that oh I so saw
that coming when you go well you got a
new say that was like kind of snap he's
definitely gonna see Charlie this is a
lot a little gifty Eli this is my
because I didn't I just got you oh hi
stripping this is Mowbray
could just be the box where's obviously
not can you imagine it was that mean
it's just a show but did Bob inside
chilly
I can't I'm gonna get one emotional
because I haven't ever had a my special
one like this I bought myself to keep
speak hello and I'm so nearly brought
you that I was this close to buying you
the Kate that is that when you showed me
I was like I have any changes on and
then I picked this one be a Oh trouble
is it screamed tomorrow night isn't it
such an ugly these past smell it Thank
You chummy lovely specializes yep three
nights every I'm fine yeah thank you
okay what a lovely gift I knew you would
like it my turn
it is your turn now what happened happen
we put the present so early
well um father Christmas actually
delivered these to me literally
yesterday because he knew you were going
to be here so these ones have been
delivered especially for you today likes
item oh so thank you for the Christmas
this is one mummies are fun Christmas
already
huh well there you go go ahead side it
here first
while the Christmas is in Liverpool this
is one that mummy can look after for you
so love
me I was been customized yeah does it
says its artwork as a B is for Darcy
enhance in your room it's not special
mm-hmm what do you say to father
Christmas
thank you for Christmas q for the
Christmas oh yes so many things in P G
what do you think it is yell it when I
sing it when I take so know it when
she's seen it all was a face paint so we
can do painting on your face a bit like
makeup yeah today we can you yes today
you have a party I'll have to pick kind
of gluten and did our okay what one can
I have you can have Darwin home and no
one I like father Christmas I have the
white one lovely thank you wow she could
share the pink okay
one pink oh I don't like this no I don't
either
you like me just like travis desoto tape
on all the seals
sidewalk games with chalks who can play
games outside and draw on the floor five
interested we can they can write numbers
we can we members get hooked you have
stores that's really know you you don't
103 thank you for the Christmas thank
you for Christmas
front door Cena man Wow way minus one
what you think about this one
it is that's the same it's the same as
my pyjamas equal I also get together
it's a fairy garden ah yes we can make a
fairy Carter and can't we create a
magical endorphin tell Zoe about the
fairies and and that's what they did
what the left for us
ciao I saw it left a picture no I can
write when the fairies a house oh my
goodness I love that you love fairies
away I'll be the fairy and you could be
the flowers I'm nothing thank you
oh great deals a deal thank you right
what do you say a big big thank you to
thank you for the Claire thank you for
the Christmas I love wrapping long yeah
there is a real gamer shall we say
goodbye goodbye but we're adding a blog
I'd say bye bye bye for Cutie give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
if you're having a super December also
we filmed a video on Louise's channel as
I mentioned where I opened Louise's
presents so make sure you click the link
in the description box go on over say hi
be lovely yeah thanks very much and I'll
be nice back cuz I'm really nice shall
we go and tidy all this mess away yeah
okay
amazing Wow No
welcome ah ah yes what my mama
member
