precut yes girl love Santa hello
everyone this video is going to help you
all out if it is a couple of days before
Christmas and you're like oh my goodness
I have no idea what to get this person
this person is too hard to buy for I
don't have enough money left to do that
etc etc I wanted to do a kind of quick
and easy DIY gift ideas video that's a
bit of a mouthful definitely won't call
it that also I feel like this is quite
nice for if those of you out there want
to get a bit more creative or possibly a
little bit more sentimental and this
allows you to kind of go crazy with it
so I feel like you'll all really like
this so the first thing I'm going to
show you how to do is to make your own
DIY terrarium for those of you that
don't know a terrarium is basically a
little sanctuary of succulents and
cactuses or cacti that just looks really
cute that's probably not the official
definition but that is how I would
describe one to you I actually have a
couple of these in my house and I just
think they look really nice succulents
and cacti aren't hard to look after I
say this but I have definitely somehow
managed to kill both a cactus and a
succulent in my time in fact maybe a
couple but really they are known for
being quite low maintenance so they do
make really good gifts all you'll need
to do this is an old candle jar so a
candle that's burnt out that you might
have cleared out a Yankee Candle jar
would be perfect for this or maybe even
just a round jar something that you have
lying around the house maybe you have a
clear bowl or something that your
parents were going to throw away because
they had no use for it
there's always something you can use I
have gone for a small glass bowl which I
picked up in hobby craft but I also have
a slightly more luxury option if any of
you wanted to get a little bit more arty
or you had a bit more money to spend and
I've got this in Oliver bonus they have
some really really cool things like this
and I think this is actually designed
for you to build your own terrariums so
this
would be perfect and it looks pretty
impressive you'll also need to pick up
some cactuses or cacti and you'll also
need to grab yourself some succulents
you can pick any shapes any sizes you
like although I would suggest keeping
them quite small because it always looks
best if you can arrange a couple in
there together it's also quite nice to
mix them up a bit maybe have a succulent
and a cacti together they're really
really cool you can get so many
different ones you can get them in most
garden centers some florists and I
believe they even sell them in a little
pack in Ikea for around four pounds so
they're really really budget-friendly
and considering it takes quite a lot to
kill them I think that it's a really
really good idea
once you have a hold of some succulents
and cacti you want to put them to one
side and then you're going to want
things to create layers in your
terrarium by this I just mean visually
especially if you have a clear glass
terrarium or a clear glass bowl or old
candle holder it looks quite nice to
have different layers so to do this you
can either go to craft stores and select
sand and little pebbles and stones and
you're also going to want soil because
of course you need to plant the plants
or if you're a little bit more
restricted with your budget and you
don't have time to get to a craft store
maybe then you can always just rummage
around in the garden there will always
be soil that will most likely be moss
and there will definitely be stones and
pebbles and as long as it all kind of
looks clean then I think it works really
really well so the different layers
I have are soil I have some kind of
grainy kind of grace and I have some
moss I have some larger stones and some
teeny-tiny little stones these were
actually for an aquarium so I think I
got these in pets at home you know the
sort of the gravel that you put along
the bottom of a fish tank and that
worked really really well although it
definitely doesn't mean you have to stay
along the kind of neutral grassy route
you could always get colored sand if you
want to you can get really cool kind of
mosaic pieces you can get colored bits
of glass you can really go to town with
this if
you want to and I suppose depending on
the sort of person you're doing it for
you can kind of tailor that as well you
want to start building up your layers
but you can do this however you like
although the only thing I would suggest
you do is make sure you leave enough
room for your succulents and also
remember that the soil needs to be
fairly near the top because you're going
to want to put your succulents and cacti
into the soil when you're planting your
succulents and your cacti you just want
to crumble off or shake off any excess
soil just so you have the roots and it
becomes a little bit easier to plant it
that way
make a little dip in your layers and in
your soil and then pop them in and then
you want to put a tiny bit more soil on
top and just kind of Pat it down make
sure it's even make sure everything's
sturdy and then you can go to town with
decorating on top as well I have used
pebbles and stones because I think it
looks amazing
I also sprinkled a couple of clear glass
mosaic pieces on top because I just
thought it added a really cute kind of
elegant touch but you can do whatever
you want and it just looks so impressive
I would honestly pay money for that if I
saw it in a shop so I'm really happy
with my little creations and I'm sure
whoever you give them to will also be
really happy they do always say that if
you have plants in the house you're a
happier person I actually do believe
that I think I think plants make a home
my home the next thing I'm going to show
you is personalized photo frames I feel
like if you're struggling to get a gift
for someone a photo of you and that
person or a photo that means something
to somebody is always going to be a
massive hit I personally love receiving
things like this at Christmas because I
am super sentimental so anything like
this I am completely completely happy
with you could just use regular frames
that you can buy in any kind of shop
with you know a normal boarder and fill
it with cute things like confetti or
doilies and you can kind of cut the
photos out and stick them on and that is
super super easy but I'm going to show
you how to do it with these really cool
clear glass hanging frames I actually
picked these up on the John Lewis
website but you can get them pretty
too much anywhere these days I think
they have them in Oliver bonus they
definitely got them on not on the high
street and they will most certainly have
them on eBay then using your favorite
photos I had a ton of really cute photos
from my photo booth at my beauty product
launch from last year and I haven't had
any use for them so I thought this would
be perfect so once you have your photos
you then want to open up the glass and
using things like doilies confetti and
the thing that I really really love is
using kind of old birthday cards or kind
of inspirational quotes on cards I mean
you could pick cards up from anywhere
you might even have a little like stash
of cards that you really like but you
don't know what to do with them and I
feel like this is the perfect way of
incorporating a really lovely image of
you and a friend and a quote that kind
of sums up your friendship or sums up
your friend in some way and just think
that makes it that little bit kind of
extra special I've also used things like
feathers and glitter just to make them a
little bit more kind of appealing and
then also make sure you use double-sided
sticky tape or just folded over sticky
tape in order to keep your little bits
and pieces in place once you really like
your arrangement because once you shut
the glass and hold it up you want to
make sure that it kind of stays in place
especially if your friend is going to be
hanging it up in their house you don't
want everything to kind of slide down I
made one for Louise I also made one for
Tyler and I of course made one for alfie
who I did actually show which is kind of
ruining the surprise but I am way too
impatient I just felt like this idea was
super simple super easy but you can also
really personalize it depending on who
you're doing it for which i think is the
most fun part plus you just know that
whoever receives them is going to
absolutely love them personally I'm
going to struggle to give these to
either Tyler Louise or Alfie because I
want to keep them all myself and the
last DIY present is a cookie mixture in
a jar I'm sure some of you have seen
this before but it really is so easy and
so simple and I love this idea so I want
to incorporate this into the video the
first thing you're going to need is a
clear glass jar you can have any
variation of size it completely depends
on how big you want the recipe to be for
the cookies I've gone for a fairly small
one just because I think they look
really cute when they're small this size
makes around 6 to 8 cookies obviously
depending on how big they want to make
them all you really need to do is
measure out your ingredients and layer
them in the jar again layering I feel
like this video is all about layering
and the layers look really impressive
together but the best thing about this
is that when your friend receives this
gift all they have to do is add an egg
and 80 grams of butter and it's
immediately cookies which i think is the
great thing about it because it's it's
so easy but also all the dry ingredients
lasts really well in the jar so they
don't have to necessarily make them
straight away if you don't have a mason
jar or a kiln a jar lying around you
could always use old jam jars as long as
the lid is secure and everything inside
the jar can stay fresh or it might
actually just be worth asking your
parents if they have anything that
they're not using anymore because I feel
like most parents have one of those jars
like lingering at the back of a cupboard
the measurements that I have chosen to
use for this size jar is 100 grams of
plain flour one teaspoon of baking
powder 100 grams of soft brown sugar 30
grams of cocoa powder 50 grams of milk
chocolate chips and 50 grams of white
chocolate chips and then because it's
Christmas I felt like it would be quite
nice too if you wanted to spice it up a
little bit with some cinnamon nutmeg and
gingerbread in order to make it taste
really festive so if you want to do that
you obviously can just skip this bit if
your friend doesn't like anything
remotely kind of cinnamony but if you
wanted to I also added one teaspoon of
cinnamon 1/2 a teaspoon of nutmeg and a
quarter teaspoon of
ginger then all you need to do is
decorate your jar I just used some
sparkly silver ribbon and tied a little
bow in the front then I attached a
chalkboard gift tag where I just wrote
any other further instructions for the
recipient so adding an egg adding 80
grams of butter how long it needed to be
in the oven for which I put seven to
nine minutes and at what temperature
which I've also put 170 degrees Celsius
just as another little finishing touch I
also popped a little candy came through
it because this is Christmas after all
and I feel like it made it look super
festive and then you are pretty much
ready to go
if you want to you can add a tiny little
wooden spoon I struggled to find one of
these although I did have chocolate
spoons which I think would also be
amazing if you could wrap these in
cellophane and pop it around the jar but
to be honest again you can get as
creative with this as you want to it's
all so much fun to do and I honestly
think that when you spend a bit more
time on gifts like this I feel like it's
super super appreciated so those are my
three easy DIY gift ideas I really hope
there's something in there that you guys
are excited to try and recreate for
somebody make sure to tag me on Twitter
and Instagram if you do or even if you
just want to make any of this for
yourself to be honest I mean I do love
all three I really hope you are enjoying
all my videos don't forget I am vlogging
every single day over on my second
channel so I only will link to that in
the description box make sure to give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and I'll see you again tomorrow bye
member
