hello everybody can you believe it is
day 17 already of 24 days of zoella
there's not very many days left but I
really really hope you have all been
enjoying it so far it's definitely not
24 days as Olo without one video where I
can confess my love for candles and talk
about candles because that just
basically means I'm completely in my
element when it comes to Christmas time
you guys know how much I love Christmas
candles there are so many amazing ones
especially this year I just seem to have
found some really great ones so I wanted
to share with you my top 5 festive
candles the first one is this candle
which are actually picked up last year
but I decided I wanted to get it again
this year because I loved it so much
it's from a brand called illumines so
it's illumines candles I think I first
discovered them because they sent me
something to my Pierre box last year and
one of them was this candle and since
then I have repurchased 3 times um it is
the nutmeg and cinnamon scented candle
and it's just a really great size but
also the smell is just well it's as it
says nutmeg and cinnamon it's just spicy
and gorgeous and oranjee and I just find
that this lasts really well but also is
one of those candles that really fills
the entire room with the scent of
Christmas so when you walk back in
you're just like this is the best thing
about smell and yeah I would just really
really recommend this brand I really
like this candle the design is really
pretty and very happy with it
the next candle is almost gone and I am
so sad about it but it is the neon
Christmas Wish candle
I bought the small one because I wasn't
sure if I was gonna like the scent or
not and these are kind of pricey so I
wanted to make sure I really loved it I
did and I'm wishing that I bought the
bigger one the packaging is so adorable
it has this gorgeous little like gold
foiled um polka dots on it and it just
looks really very Christmassy I also
know Allah she's like scratching my leg
like Oh give me a smooth no wait this
smells it does smell kind of
the spicy traditional kind of Christmas
scent but it also has quite a woody vibe
to it um almost like a crackling fire
and I think that's why I like it like
it's quite a kind of not musky but it's
kind of like a woody Christmas scent and
I think that this would be really lovely
for a living room especially if you have
a fire I just think it would be the
perfect combination
I've actually been lighting this in my
bedroom and my bedroom has smelt
delicious every time I've gone to bed
and I just really like it I think I will
be purchasing another one of these I
don't have much longer left to burn them
but I think I will
the next candle I have already mentioned
here on this channel but it wouldn't
have been a top five candles if I didn't
include it and it is this one by Yankee
Candle as you can see I've burnt it down
quite a lot more than the last time I
showed you and it's got that horrible
like black soot around it which is
because I didn't trim the wick that's
what happens so it is Candy Cane Lane
and I just feel like I wanted to put
this in there because I really like this
scent and it's not really a traditional
Christmas scent but it is very fresh and
it does remind me of candy canes and it
smells so so good
it's like really sweet sugary vanilla a
mint and I absolutely love it I do feel
like you could burn this oh I just
smudge black on me I do feel like you
could burn this any time of the year but
it seems quite fitting that at Christmas
you want to burn a candy cane candle
candy cane candles bit of a tongue
twister this smells really great in my
kitchen but I have had it up here so
whenever we've had guests I've put it
next to the bed so that they can smell
it because it does smell delicious
this next candle is by Marks & Spencer a
viewer actually got this for me at one
of my book signings so thank you very
much you know who you are
and it is the winter berry scented
candle I had actually smelt this in
Marks & Spencer PS sometimes
supermarkets do the best scented candles
around this time of year
Sainsbury's have one that my friend
bought me it's like a real small one
with a gold jar and it smells incredible
oh now let's come to join us if you want
something a little bit more affordable
check out the supermarket candles
because they do have some really really
great ones anyway Marks & Spencer
winterberry scented candle rich velvety
wild berries and refreshing grapefruit
create a warm yet light fragrance that's
perfect for winter evenings so this does
have some kind of traditional sense in
it it is kind of spicy but it's quite
what it's mostly very focused which
makes it a little bit more of a fruity
as it says light fragrance it's not as
kind of intense but it does smell really
really nice and it is one of my faves so
check that one out
this next one looks like this but it's
not actually this candle this is
actually the nutmeg and cinnamon
illumines candle but in large form but
the actual candle I wanted to show you
I've completely burnt so and this is the
best next best thing it pretty much
looks identical I mean you probably
wouldn't have even noticed if I hadn't
mentioned it but the last candle that I
wanted to talk about is the candle
winter by the white company it smells
amazing
it's definitely one of those scents that
a lot of people recognize and know that
if you walk into someone's house and
they've got a candle burning it's almost
like you can go white company winter if
you haven't smelt it please smell it it
looks like this so you can get big ones
or you can get ones in little votives
and jars but the big ones are quite
impressive if you watch my vlogmas a
couple of days ago we went Tanya and
Jim's they had a huge one with six wicks
and that's what it look it basically
looks like this but yeah it's it's
incredible it has the cinnamon the
orange it's kind of the king of all
Christmas candles and I am going to be
going into town and buy myself another
one because I need one I don't need one
I just love candles and
I'd like one okay so I hope you enjoyed
this fairly quick rundown of my top five
festive candles I really enjoy speaking
about candles and I feel like this is
thought video that I would really like
to watch so thank you so much for
watching also don't forget to check the
link in the description box to go on
over to my second channel which is more
zoella where I am doing vlogmas so far
you guys are really enjoying it which
makes me so so happy so go on over you
can kind of watch the things I'm getting
up to with Alfie and Allah and all my
friends in the run-up to Christmas I
personally love watching vlogmas so much
although I haven't been able to catch up
on that many people's blog this is
because I've been so busy so I'm kind of
looking forward to January where I could
just kind of binge watch everyone's vlog
missus let me know in the comments which
candle is your absolute festive
must-have and I can kind of check it off
my list
and give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you again
tomorrow
