hello everybody today I'm going to be
showing you how I did this gold eye a
bold staple red lip look for the festive
season I'm sure there are some of you
that have a few parties to go to or you
just want to do yourself up on Christmas
Day and have a little go at it also you
can use this for any time of the year so
if you're watching this in February 2016
hi enjoy the video first thing I need to
do is get this mop off my face so I'm
gonna put my hair up I've already primed
and moisturized my face so the first
thing I'm going to do is to use my
foundation to get a kind of more even
base my skin is not actually as bad as
it has been um it's definitely improving
I've noticed that drinking a lot more
water has helped under and under and
around my eyes as well the foundation
I'm gonna actually mix two together
because this is a teeny bit too dark
this is NAS Mont Blanc and I'm also
going to mix it with a bit of Rimmel
wake me up in the shade light porcelain
mostly just to kind of even out the
color but also because I want a kind of
jewy look I want to look kind of
fresh-faced very kind of healthy and a
bit glowy because it is that time I'd be
aware you can go a bit more overboard on
highlight I think personally and this
does that but I don't want to do it too
much it's more of kind of a summery more
of a summery foundation but I'm going to
mix the two together to create kind of
the perfect festive foundation
concoction okay base is done I actually
look quite pale I think it might be
these lights I'm not sure but it's a
good double got bronzer and as you can
see it is quite um kind of jewy and
quite like highlighting so if you have
oily skin and you don't like that then I
would avoid this but I wanted to go for
that stick I'm goodies boom
the Charlotte Tilbury mini miracle I
wand dynamic duo lift and and I'm just
going to use a tiny bit off that just
under my eyes to cancel out any bluey
tones then going to use this end of the
sponge and just dab that in very very
gently I'm also going to put a little
bit of the collection lasting perfection
concealer on the back of my hand so I
can get my little spots and also
underneath my eyes using the sponge
again dabbing it up I love this
concealer because I feel like it really
lifts your conception don't really have
any big old spots right now but I've got
a few little blemishes from where I have
had them so I'm just covering those up a
bit more next thing I'm going to do is
powder I'm using the Rimmel stay matte
powder in transparent and I'm also using
a real techniques bold metals brush in
100 okay there we go
so I have the kind of plain base sorted
now I'm going to add a bit of color and
a little bit more depth to my face I'm
going to use one of these this is a
trusty contour stick and I'm going to
take this and I'm going to go underneath
my cheek bone in a line it's gonna look
absolutely terrifying but just trust me
on this one also how cute is this
packaging how cute is that
cute cute is the arms up I'm now going
to use this teeny tiny little one this
is actually for contour so this is for
doing this because you can either use
the bigger end or you can use a slightly
more pointed end and I'm just going to
kind of blend that out
so as you can see you've kind of got
these little shadows now I'm quite like
doing it like that because I find you
could be quite precise with it and it
blends really nicely and it does look
quite natural I am gonna go over it just
a little bit with the benefit hoola
bronzer and that kind of also sets it
because it's a cream product then you
just want to take the bronzer anywhere
the Sun would naturally hit and I
sometimes take it along my jawline too
for blusher I'm going to use the
hourglass ambient lighting palette looks
like this and I'm going to go for this
really pretty pink highlighter shades
here in the middle just using the same
brush this is a maestro one point now
because I wanted to do glowy and
highlight II I've opted for the mac
mineralize skinfinish in it soft and
gentle which i feel like if you want to
go all-out cheekbones this is the
perfect product because it is a very
very shimmery and it it's very very
pretty then I'm just sort of taking it
into my temples and dispersing it
basically oh I forgot to put some lip
oil on I'm using the Clarins instant
light lip comfort oil and I'm just going
to put that on before I put on my red
lipstick just to give my lips a little
bit of moisture next thing I'm going to
do is put an eye base on my eyelids I'm
using the Urban Decay eyeshadow primer
potion anti-aging they do say your eyes
are the first thing that age all those
laughter lines now while that is
settling onto my eyelids I'm going to go
on and do my eyebrows so for this I use
a Mac eye shadow and it is this one
which i think is charcoal Brown and I'm
then using a Mac 266 angled brush I just
find that angled brush is a lot more
precise and I feel like I fill those in
quite quickly I don't know if any of you
have noticed but I've been trying to
grow my eyebrows out a little bit
and it has been quite the challenge
there's just little parts of my eyebrows
that won't grow as you can see on this
side I've got a little gap here and on
this side I've got quite a gap here so
I'm having to just fill those in so it
looks a bit more even I do always tell
people my one bit of beauty advice is to
not do your eyebrows yourself is to
always go to somebody and have them done
professionally because I find that they
know what they're doing a lot more than
I do but also they can advise you on how
to grow them or how best to fill them in
to suit your face shape and it's
honestly just the best thing I've ever
done I wish I had done it when I was
younger so then I wouldn't be having to
try and grow more in at the 25 year old
um I was a serious over plucker when I
was younger I probably need to go
slightly darker naturally on the
eyeshadow powder but because I've
lightened my hair recently like quite a
lot I go for somewhere in-between okay
so now I look crazy with big eyebrows
I'm gonna start doing my eyes everything
kind of merges in a little bit more I
want to go for a really kind of subtle
smoky gold eye because I feel like that
goes really well with a classic red lip
and I don't know I just I like it so so
for the base color I'm going to pop a
little bit of this on and this is the
color pop cream gel color in it show me
it's very beautiful you can do this with
your fingers but I'm going to apply a
little bit of that on a Sigma short
shader brush okay so now we roughly got
this color on the eyes i've sumed you in
a little I'm gonna put a little bit of
Urban Decay's dirty sweet which is this
one over my entire eyelid
I'm then going to take this little brush
again and whack that in there and go
just underneath okay now with a sigma
blending brush I'm going to go in the
crease with the same color that I used
for my eyebrows which is Mac charcoal
Brown and I'm going to just blend blend
blend I'm then going to take a little
bit of the same color and just join that
into the middle of the lower lash line
where I've put the gold and then using a
tapered blending brush by Sigma I am
going to blend that a little bit more
and then add a little bit of highlight
under my brow bone highlight I am using
Mac's
nylon nylon I always try and be so
professional in these videos when we all
know I don't know what I'm doing I'm
just flicking this okay so that's eyes
almost done the only thing I'm going to
do now is add a little bit of mascara
I'm not going to do any liner on this
one because I feel like the lips is kind
of more of a statement the mascara I am
using is the Maybelline lash sensational
I always forget what this is called even
though it's like my favorite thing ever
at this stage you could also add some
false eyelashes or before mascara
whichever way you like to do it but my
lashes are actually quite long and curly
so I really struggle with lashes and I
don't really feel like I need to add any
more to them for this look however a few
individual lashes might look quite nice
but let's be honest I'm rubbish at
lashes unless I've got Tanya here to do
them for me they always look crap so I'm
just gonna go for just mascara for this
look okay it's time to do the lips okay
so the oil is pretty much rubbed off for
this look I wanted to use quite a bright
cherry red because I feel like that's
quite festive um so I'm going to use a
color pop lip liner this is in the shade
dazed it's slightly darker than the
actual colour but I wanted to do it that
way these are kind of like liquid
lipsticks they're amazing and the
pigmentation is so intense and they're
really long-lasting which is why I
thought they would be really good for
like
out make up so I've gone for the
colour-pop ultra matte lip in the shade
succulent I'm just going to give that a
moment to dry okay so you could either
leave it like this and it's quite matte
and it looks I think very very pretty
see sometimes I like a shimmery kind of
lip gloss lip and sometimes I love a
matte lip and I think this color looks
amazing as a matte but I'm thinking of
putting a bit of red lip gloss on top so
I'm using tiny birds lip gloss in the
color red light very gorgeous
there we go you have the perfect red lip
for Christmas I just realized I don't
think I've ever done a red lip look on
my channel before which is crazy because
you guys know how much I love a red lip
especially around this time of year so
yeah this is the finished makeup I'm not
really going to do too much with my hair
I don't think it's kind of I mean it's
okay right how it is but a hair is so
soft right now holy shiz minh is okay so
for hair I think I'm just going to
straighten it out a little bit more
gonna whack on the straightness he's
literally heat up ridiculously quick you
can watch it 130 140 150 160 170 you get
the idea
that moment you realize is supposed to
be picking up your friend from the train
station in 15 minutes and you're doing a
tutorial there we go I am all finished I
am ready for my Christmas night out
which we all know I'm not really going
on oh yeah I am but not right now not
right now I'm just
I have great makeup for the rest of the
day which I'm happy with I'm fine with
that
I really hope you guys enjoyed this
makeup look please recreate and let me
see what you do with it also let me know
your favorite red lip because I really
want to know thank you so much for
watching I really hope you have been
enjoying my 24 days of zoella don't
forget to check out my second channel
for day-in-the-life
in the run-up to Christmas and I will
see you again tomorrow
you
