today I am wearing a little Christmas
dress with a funny little hood attached
to it which I don't know is supposed to
come over your head or maybe you just
keep and attach it anyway I'm wearing
this extremely cute little mrs. tools
dress today with my cute little reindeer
slippers that Tanya burr got me
Anala is also dressed very similar we're
going for a little Santa Claus mrs.
Claus vibe today so today I'm going to
be showing you how to make gingerbread
cupcakes I am so excited to do this
because gingerbread is one of my
favorite especially this time of the
year so let's get cooking the first
thing you're going to want to do is
pre-heat your oven to 175 degrees
Celsius or centigrade then you just want
to line your tin I've used a muffin tin
because I find these the best ones to
use with 12 cupcake cases first thing
you're going to want to do is to cream
together your butter and your sugar so
I've got 75 grams of unsalted butter at
room temperature I'm just going to pop
that in there and then I have 100 grams
of caster sugar
scrape bits off the side just to make
sure it's all creamed together nicely
one more little where's our record
perfect next thing you're going to want
to do is add 125 milliliters of treacle
and it goes oh my goodness this looks so
delicious
alright treacle so in America you guys
actually call this molasses I quite like
that glasses ten years later okay the
treacle is pretty much in let's just say
like Marmite texture Oh actually no it
doesn't
no it doesn't don't lik treacle it's not
like on syrup then you're going to want
to put in one whole egg and another egg
yolk separating at my egg white
you could use this to something else
like royal icing or maybe make a
meringue or something or you could just
scramble it scrambled egg whites very
healthy and the egg yolk and you just
want to add that as well don't worry
guys at this stage it looks like I mean
what does that look like looks like bird
poop I'm guessing it's supposed to look
like that's it it looks a bit like
mashed potato and gravy right now next
thing you're going to want to do is get
yourself a big large clean bowl and a
sieve and you basically want to sieve
together all your dry ingredients so the
first thing we're adding is 175 grams of
plain flour 1 tablespoon of cocoa powder
and then in this one I've got one and a
half teaspoons of ground ginger 1/2 a
teaspoon of ground nutmeg quarter
teaspoon of salt and this is 1 teaspoon
of ground cinnamon
add this to your treacle mixture until
it's all kind of come together nicely
make sure to put it on a low speed
otherwise you'll get flour in your face
and if there's cinnamon there and that
gets in your eyes not good you just want
to do that until it's just combined so
you don't need to overwork that and the
next thing you're going to want to do is
get 125 milliliters of milk and pop that
in a saucepan just so that it's nice and
warm to heat that through and then you
want to dissolve your bicarbonate of
soda which is one teaspoon dissolve
those together in a saucepan basically
oh it's all gone off follow me we're
just going to dissolve that in there we
go there's my helper will she do it
lying down on the job then you just want
to add that into the rest of your
mixture
now it's time to spoon this or pour it
whichever you prefer into your cupcake
Jesus
you
now I'm going to pop these in the oven
for 20 minutes or until they are
slightly springy when you touch them
just got these out the other they were
actually in there for around 19 minutes
just FYI and now I'm going to leave
these to cool they look delicious
the house smells incredible while the
cakes are cooling down it's time to make
the buttercream icing this is just
standard buttercream icing although you
could add a little bit of gingerbread to
it if you wanted to I feel like I've got
enough spice in the actual cupcake so
I'm going to keep this pretty basic this
part is also very kind of variable on
how much buttercream you like to pipe
onto your cupcakes I like quite a lot
and I think it visually looks quite
impressive so you can have this recipe
if you want to if you don't want this
much buttercream to be honest I could be
left with a lot left over but no one's
complaining we can still eat it so I
have got our 400 grams of icing sugar
and then I have 440 grams of butter so
I'm going to add the butter to the mixer
because you want to do this until it's
really light and fluffy and goes a lot
lighter in color so leave it on for
about five minutes okay so that is
finally mixed it's been mixing for a
good seven minutes and I've sort of
stopped every three and a half just to
kind of make sure it's all mixed in and
I've had it on a really high speed and
you want it to look a little bit like
that so very like whipped and a bit
lighter in colour
now I'm going to add icing sugar in a
little bit at a time there we go on a
low speed
it's like cottage cheese
I'm now adding four teaspoons of milk
and I am going to also add one teaspoon
of vanilla extract and then you just
want to combine all that together for
about three to four minutes just
scraping around the sides to make sure
everything's combined properly and then
I'll whack it back on again
cupcakes have now cooled so I am going
to put the butter cream in a piping bag
and I'm also using this nozzle which is
a star nozzle in the number 10 which if
that means anything to you that's what
I'm using and then I'm going to spoon it
in and pipe it on too much butter oh my
god well that didn't want to get hype
today
and the decoration I've got these which
I got on eBay really keep kind of just
lightly dusted in gold glitter
gingerbread man and I've also got these
really cute little gingerbread man
sprinkles
these are the finished cupcakes I'm so
happy with them they look delicious and
I'm really excited to see these teeny
teeny gingerbread men tastes of
gingerbread I really hope you guys are
able to recreate these don't forget to
tag me on Twitter and Instagram so I can
see them and I'd love to see how else
you can get really creative maybe you
can bake some little mini gingerbread
men stick them in the top I've also done
a blog post alongside this so if you
want to make these with the recipe up or
see some kind of pictures of them
finished then the link to that will be
in the description box thank you so much
for watching give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it I'm going to go with
eat these now because they look
delicious
