today I'm going to be showing you
different ways to Christmas gift wrap
now if you are anything like me you kind
of make a proper kind of ordeal of it
kind of put your Christmas films on get
a nice drink and you sit down with all
your presents but sometimes it can get a
little bit boring and if you're quite
creative you might want to do a little
bit more and if you're one of those
really annoying people that wants to get
your gift out on Christmas Day and for
everyone to go oh the wrapping then
you're going to really enjoy this video
because I am one of those people I
always feel like if the wrapping looks
nice it doesn't really matter what the
presents like underneath so here are a
few of the ideas I really wanted to
share with you I love all of them and
I'm going to be doing them all this year
and I'm really excited to see how you
guys also recreate this the first one is
chalkboard wrapping paper now this is
definitely something I had never
considered until I was browsing online
at wrapping paper and I came across this
and I felt like it was quite a quick and
easy solution for a creative person to
get a little bit more arty you can use a
chalk pen which I find a little easier
than an actual piece of chalk and you
can either decide to draw a little
illustrations it really depends how far
you want to go with it and all I've done
is written the kind of gift message on
the front which I think looks quite cute
I've then used a little bit of brown
string and a teeny tiny copper wire
bauble on here as well and I feel like
these would be really useful for not
only presents but things like wreaths or
if you like to do a lot of DIY around
Christmastime the only thing I will say
about chalkboard wrapping paper is is
really hard to actually wrap it's very
thick which means it's very difficult
for it to actually look quite neat when
you're putting it around a present I'm
sure there are some of you out there
that can do it a hell of a lot better
than I did but it's also a bit tricky to
stick down - so I'm thinking
double-sided sticky tape will probably
be your best friend
this option okay this next one is
definitely for if you have a little bit
more time or you've got a couple of
people in mind who you have very very
special presents for this is what I like
to call the copper spray and doilies
gift wrap basically for this one I use
brown paper I pretty much use brown
paper throughout the entirety of this
video because I feel like with brown
paper you can do a lot more with the
kind of aesthetic of it because brown
paper allows you to get a little bit
more creative I feel like most people
have doilies somewhere in their house
you can get these in baking shops like
Lakeland or lots of little like hobby
crafts type places and all I did was
using a copper spray I held down a
couple of different doily designs and I
sprayed over them to kind of give this
really cool stenciled effect and then I
stuck some new doilies in other corners
that weren't stenciled so as you can see
it gives this really cute effect it also
means that the doilies you used as the
stencil can then be used on another
present as well because they look
amazing and all coppery you can also use
different colored sprays obviously I was
going to go for the copper because I
love copper a lot but I feel like
dailies are amazing stencils and it just
sticks quite delicate and intricate and
it just looks really pretty
especially on brown paper I then used
this really adorable string this brown
string it actually has pieces of suede
on it and little wooden shapes like
Christmas shapes and some beads I got
this from not on the high street but I
thought it would be quite nice to show
you how you can incorporate something a
little bit more fancy over the top and
then I've used raffia which is this
stuff I love this some people don't like
it but I feel like this makes it quite
rustic so I've done a little bow with
that and I put another little copper
bauble on there and as for the gift tag
I have hung it here which some people
could consider a strange place you
normally have it hanging off the bow but
I felt like it balanced out quite nicely
I've used a little chalkboard gift tag
and I've got these from hobby craft they
weren't even that expensive and it's a
nice way of adding in the chalk without
having to try and stick down the really
awkward chalk paper so I really like
that and again you can do it over the
whole thing I've just done it on the
front because I feel like when you sit
it under the tree you're only going to
see one side of it and as much pride as
you take in your decorating the minute
you give this to someone they look at it
for two seconds and it's in a big pile
on the floor so that is that one this
one is one of my favorites because it's
so quick and simple and easy but it
looks really effective and I feel like
most people will be able to do this one
on quite a lot of their presents because
it doesn't take too much time and it is
quite simply brown paper packages tied
up with string and a candy cane which I
just think is so cute and so festive
most places will be stocking candy canes
around this time of year so it's just
you just kind of want to go out and find
a box of them and all you do is simply
before tying it in a bow tie in the
candy cane right at the last minute
although I do have to stress that you
have to tie it quite tightly otherwise
the candy cane will slip out which
happened quite a few times another thing
that I quite like to do which I thought
I would mention is that instead of just
having one piece of string around the
entirety of the present is quite nice to
double it up a little bit so I've done
it quite a few times here I just think
it adds it adds a nice touch okay I feel
like this is 100% my favorite it was so
quick and so easy but it just looks
really awesome this is what I like to
call the bauble stamp
I bought a stamp online you can get
rubber stamps everywhere you can go on
eBay on Amazon I got this one from not
on the high street
they have some in hobby crafts basically
if you type in Christmas rubber stamp
online there's going to be a million and
one options which does make me think you
could actually go all out and get a
couple of different ones
stop them over and just make it like a
winter wonderland scene so basically
what I did was get my rubber stamp a
little black ink pad popped it in and
popped it all over the brown paper and I
just think it looks really really good
you could also use different colored ink
I also had copper gold and silver but I
think black looks quite effective
because of the brown paper you could do
this around the whole package like I
have making sure to do some whole worms
some halfway on so it looks like it's
kind of continued and you want to make
sure you set it to dry because it does
stay quite wet quite a while and I had
black fingers also just use a little
spotty ribbon and tie that in the middle
and I just love this very effective I'm
very cute I feel like this next one is a
little bit more sophisticated and it is
what I like to call the Christmas themed
package so this one has a lot of
traditionally Christmassy kind of bits
and pieces like the dried orange the
cinnamon stick and the teeny tiny
pinecones I've also used butchers twine
or Baker's twine I'm not really sure
which one it is but it's the string
that's red and white kind of like candy
canes and I popped that on the right
hand side right I really like when
people tie up presents but keep it to
one side
I just think visually it looks quite
nice it also kind of gives it a bit more
variation and it's nice to mix things up
every now and then so to do this I use
string and tied together two pieces of
cinnamon sticks I got these from hobby
craft I also got the mini pinecones
hobby craft but there are a lot of
different places that will sell them or
if you have those in your garden then
you can do that I actually dried these
oranges myself you can buy them like
this but I kind of wanted to do it
something that my mum always used to do
and I actually have a blog post on how I
did that so I'll make sure to leave the
link in the description box and then I
kind of tied them all together it can be
a bit fiddly but basically you want your
end goal to be a cluster of Christmas
things which I then just tied onto the
Baker's twine and voila
I think it looks quite
you could also add some little berries
or a piece of Holly in there and I think
it would look very very pretty so that's
kind of a bit more sophisticated I would
say I think this one is quite nice and
kind of simple but also a bit more
sophisticated as well and I called this
the Christmas foliage package for this
one you basically want to use things
like Holly mistletoe
even little cut-offs or Christmas tree
something that you can hang here from
the brown string and again I put that on
the left-hand side I like this kind of
non symmetrical thing that I've got
going on here really enjoy it on this
one I've just got some little red
berries is to give it a kind of pop of
color and then because I had some white
feathers that I picked up from hobby
craft I decided to spray the tips in the
copper spray and I just think that they
look amazing you could literally line
all your feathers and just go over it in
like three sweeps and you instantly got
something that looks like you paid a
little bit more money for it plus it's
really fun to get a bit creative so I
really really enjoyed that and that is
the finished product I really like this
one I would say this is up there with
top three and the last one is again
something that a little bit more
creative might take a little bit more
time and it can be a bit fiddly but if
you have got the time and you like how
this looks then I think you'll enjoy
doing it so again it's the brown paper
but I've made a little string of bunting
out of three different types of wrapping
paper and they're all Christmas wrapping
paper the ones I've used here are cat
Kidston I really really like the
wrapping paper this year and I just
thought this is a really nice idea you
know when you're wrapping up presents
and you get those really awkward kind of
tiny bits of off cut that you can't
really use for anything um that's where
you can get a bit creative you could cut
out shapes you can draw around things
maybe do a Christmas tree or you can do
some bunting because I just think fun
things cute and if you can make mini
bunting on a present I think that's even
cuter and because I had some glitter
spray that I really wanted to use I
actually sprayed that over that over the
entire present so I think
I think that looks quite nice and then
again I use my little chalk gift tag and
there you go finish present so I hope
you guys found this video helpful and it
gave you some really great tips I would
love to see you guys getting creative
with this send me your pictures my
Twitter is at Suzy bow and have fun
decorating your presents I think it's
one of the many things in the run-up to
Christmas that's actually really
enjoyable give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I'll see you again
tomorrow
by travelpod member
