why do I look like a choir boy like the
long neck's looked okay on me until I
started making this video also it's very
hot in here so I think I'm just gonna
have to take this off hi guys so in
today's video I am going to be doing
something that is always very very
highly requested each year still don't
know why it's so highly requested
because I'm not the best at makeup we've
gathered this now everyone calls me so
another beauty guru I ain't a beauty
guru I actually don't know why people
call me that
so putting that title aside I am going
to be doing my autumn makeup routine it
is technically still autumn we're not
into winter yet which is good because I
was like I'm gonna run out of time I'm
not gonna be able to do it but that's
not true because it's still autumn and I
am still wearing this makeup look pretty
much every other day the only thing that
really changes is I either don't put the
eyeshadow on or I wear a nude lip
instead of the lip that I'm going to
vary in this video which is my more
autumnal berry lip and this year it's
not Charlotte Tilbury glastonbury I know
this is gonna be a kind of very relaxed
chatty do my makeup with me video this
is essentially like my everyday makeup
to do I need to tie my hair up mmm
probably I have already washed my face
using the glossy a glossy a glossy err
milk jelly Tenzer and then I have used
my la roche-posay effaclar duo and a
tatter harper moisturizer so my face is
done I do not use primer I probably
should I just always find it just kind
of like rolls off my skin and I just
don't really like the feeling of it so I
haven't bothered with that now or ever
really the foundation I've been
obsessing over and loving a lot is the
Fenty Beauty foundation are the reason I
have two is because I ordered these and
I was on holiday and I ordered shade 200
which was the perfect match when I got
back of holiday it's now not so much the
perfect match it's a tiny bit too dark I
did however order this one which is 140
which I thought would be more of a kind
of all year round and I've not been on
holiday skin tone but I think at the
moment I'm kind of combining the two
so what I really need to do is order a
new one which is somewhere in between
the two but for now I am mixing them the
foundation is for any of you who didn't
see my vlog where I tried this for the
first time the foundation is a pro
filter soft matte long wear foundation
which just sounds amazing the brush I'm
using Oh
thought it was dripping off my hand then
it wasn't the brush I'm using is also
the fenty Beauty foundation brush it's
really dirty I probably should have
cleaned it if I was a real beauty guru I
would have washed my brush
one of the main things I think I really
love about this foundation is I feel
like you it blends in really really
easily and I also feel like you don't
need to wear powder with it to set it
because I feel like it kind of sets very
quickly like it doesn't feel like it's
gonna transfer at all right now
I am going to put a little bit of the
collection lasting perfection concealer
in one fair under my eyes I've got some
bright dark circles right now I honestly
think it's this time of year the clocks
have gone back spring forward fall back
yeah the clocks have gone back and it
means that it starts to get very dark
about half 4:00 in the afternoon and I
think the less sunlight is affecting my
skin especially the old under eyes I
always find this concealer is like the
only thing that feels comfortable into
my eyes and brightens the area as well
as concealing it it's probably because I
go like three shades lighter than my
skin actually is and I actually only
have one little blemish right now which
is here so apart from that I'm actually
enjoying my skin at the moment the next
thing I use is the Charlotte Tilbury
film-star bronze & Glow face sculpt and
highlight but I only use the sculpt cap
I'm also using the Charlotte Tilbury
powder and sculpt brush
and then I just attempt at giving myself
some cheekbones go along my jawline and
a little bit down my neck I actually
just kind of forgot I was filming a
video and I was just like thinking about
another video I wanted to film and what
I'm doing today now I have a little bit
more color on my face I am going to do a
big old swipe over with a bronzer this
is a Kiko bronzer it's a baked bronzer
in the shade warm
oh no it's rubbed off warm in the launch
and I'm gonna use a Real Techniques blue
brush
I love these that's so cool and I'm just
gonna throw that bird it was very close
to my window I'm just gonna do this take
off I'm just gonna kind of
just because it's autumn does not mean
you can't have a golden glow the next
thing I'm going to use is Tanya burr
cosmetics illuminating powder in peonies
please which I am obsessed with I
absolutely love it and I'm also using
another blue Real Techniques brush this
is the bo2 it's like the perfect little
shape for highlight pack it on
now would you look at that have you ever
seen anything more glowy and
healthy-looking in your life why is the
Sun trying to come out now I'm filming
this video it's so honestly it's been
the darkest most miserable day and now
the sun's coming out that makes no sense
it's just because I was filming
obviously I'm gonna do brows now I'm
using the Makeup Forever aqua brow
waterproof eye brow corrector I love
that it's called an eye brow corrector I
really like this I don't remember how I
discovered it I think it came into my
peer box and I thought what a very
interesting concept I always go between
powders pencils waxes and then I thought
I would try this and I do really really
like it but I always flip I always flit
I just think whatever whatever I feel
like using I'm also using a little
benefit brush so I've got a spoolie at
one end and a hair in it and then the
angled brush up the other just kind of
dip it in the brush like that and then I
just kind of fill my brows in with it
here she comes
thought I was gonna get away with doing
a whole video without knowledge eyeing
to get in that looks freakin terrifying
this is literally like daily eyebrows
struggles
honestly I've said it before and I'll
say again eyebrows are sisters not twins
and I mostly say that when my eyebrows
look absolutely crap I'm gonna stop
there
folks because the more I play with them
the bigger they're gonna get I'm not
sure that is the look I'm going for
okay I shadow I'm gonna use a little bit
of eyeshadow primer this is the Too
Faced shadow insurance
it is great would highly recommend I'm
gonna put a little bit on my finger and
then I'm just gonna rub that into my
eyelids I have a dog scratching at me
right now to get up
Nullah you can get on this bed you've
done it multiple times before it's just
staring at me I wish you could see her
right now gets up on the bed this way
come around this way come on and then up
no no no oh he did it the naked Urban
Decay heat palette it is full of
wondrously autumn shades the shade I
tend to go for the most is this one
which is lombre it's just a very nice
kind of orangey shade which I find
always tends to complement blue eyes and
most Nullah leave my lemon cheesecake
alone I'm just gonna pop that over my
entire lid
using this clover brush which is the
three-30 n now I'm going to use a little
bit of the shade which is called outs
I'm just gonna put that in the inner
corner
pat pat dab dab dab blend blend blend
okay I'm going to use this one now which
is a three one one end which is just
more of like a tapered blending and I'm
gonna go in with this shade which is in
fleiger on Fuego like a very lovely dark
oh oh Bundy
or Bundy organdy oh my god what is that
color organdy
burgundy oh my god what was I just
mixing I was mixing two colors together
I'm just gonna blend that in the outer
in the outer corner just to give it some
definition I would love to know how your
autumn has been so far and also I do
appreciate not everyone has autumn as a
season right now so if you are in
Australia what's there I guess they're
in spring coming into summer yeah I
would love to know what you've been up
to what fun things have you been doing
have you collected any conkers have you
run through crunchy autumn leaves and
have you made something with pumpkin in
it because if you haven't
there's still time I'm now taking a
teeny tiny brush and I'm gonna just take
that same color underneath my eye little
bit
I love how my autumn looks don't really
change the only thing that changes are
the products that I'm using everything
else is the same you can go back and
watch all my other videos oh dropped it
I mean I could probably blend it a bit
more do you think blending is probably
my downfall you know because I just I
think I just get bored like how long how
long do you blend for before it's like
properly blended you know this eyeliner
is the smithing cult B line I pen which
is fantabulous I love it it stays put
all day it's very comfortable to wear
and it's easy to use I tend to just use
these pens
I always find my left eye so much harder
to do I'm not sure these are the same do
you know what guys have I ever told you
liner not twins sisters and last but by
no means least I am using my ever trusty
Maybelline lash sensational mascara I
always go between this and the Smith and
cut one at the moment and I'm currently
loving this again so God doing your
lashes actually just brings everything
together doesn't it also how was your
Halloween I'd love to know I'm glad you
all loved the penny wise video when I
was editing that it was I mean it was
about three hours worth of footage but
when I was editing that I was like no
one's gonna like this because I'm a not
saying anything although I guess some
people might prefer that I don't know
but I wasn't really saying things I was
concentrating so hard and there was a
huge part movement that was like if this
doesn't turn out well it doesn't matter
because it's fun but then there was also
a research site of me because I'm very
creative and I'm such a perfectionist
that I wanted it to at least look half
decent so I'm really happy with how it
came out I'm really glad so many of you
loved that video and thank you so much
for all your future what I should turn
Jo into next suggestions okay I am now
just being a little bit on my bottom
lashes
some people don't wear mascara on their
bottom lashes but I feel like mine are
quite spidery on the top so if I don't
wear any on the bottom it's very like
top-heavy and there we go that is eyes
at least now my eyebrows don't look it's
terrifying I always feel like every time
you do you adjust your brows and nothing
else it looks like you've gone so
overboard and then when you actually
finish the rest of your face you like oh
no it's okay I feel like I've been on
quite a discovery with lips this year
eight last 18
where I realized that I don't
particularly like wearing creamy color I
love creamy nudes and creamy Pink's I'm
talking about lipsticks by the way but
if it's creamy color it just ends up
like on my chin on my cheeks I feel like
it's too messy to wear so I actually
recently had a huge declutter of my
lipstick stash and I basically got rid
of any color was not matte so matte
color for me and I guess for any of you
that have the same problem is definitely
the way forward so that does mean I have
kept Glastonbury because for me it is a
real classic and I love the color and I
do love the formulation but I do find I
have to tidy up with Glastonbury a lot
more than I do with something like a
liquid lipstick so I do still have
Glastonbury and I do still love it but I
also love this and this is what I've
mostly been wearing this autumn is the
color pot Moondancer ultra matte lip
this is actually part of the My Little
Pony collection color pop have like the
best collections honestly oh my god it's
really cooling oh my god
dah dah and there we have it this is my
everyday autumn look
it varies as I said sometimes I just
wear a nude lip depending on kind of
what outfit I am going for and sometimes
I don't wear as much eyeshadow but this
is the one that I wore mostly go for I
really hope you guys enjoyed this look
make sure to go down there and give the
video a thumbs up if you did and also
subscribe if you haven't already and I
will see you again very very soon with
another video and it's all about to
start getting very Christmassy up in
here I think this might be the last
video I film or maybe not actually I was
gonna say this might be the last video
film with like all to me although
actually I very scaled down on the
autumn but yeah if it's about to start
getting very Christmassy around here so
I really hope you guys are excited for
that just a quick reminder actually
whilst I mentioned that I am NOT doing
24 days of zoella over on this channel
this year I am doing vlogmas on my
vlogging channel which is more zoella
which i will leave in the description I
always leave a link to that in every
video on this channel but in case any of
you are wondering not 24 days as Wella
there will still be lots of festive
videos though so don't worry I'm just
not going to be doing one every single
day because it will break me but I am
doing every single day over on my
logging channel so I really hope you
guys are excited for that I am very
excited and I will see again very soon
