today I'm going to do one of my favorite
kinds of videos I have written down for
this entire month only because you guys
know how much I love talking about
things that I love so today's video is
my top 10 Christmas films I feel like
you can't have Christmas without
Christmas films and there are so many
amazing ones out there but I am obsessed
with and that every year Christmas comes
around I want to sit and watch all of
them I haven't done these in any
particular order because that was just
way too hard I just love all of them
although I do have to admit I love a few
of them a little bit more than the
others but I have got them here next to
me I'm just going to pick them up and
kind of chat through the ones that I
have picked first one up is the Grinch
or dr. Seuss's How the Grinch Stole
Christmas I feel like people forget
that's what it's actually called
I definitely forget that that's what
it's called I just call it the Grinch
this stars Jim Carrey who is one of my
favorite actors I think he's incredible
he really gets into character which is
why I think he works so well as the
Grinch it's just a really festive film I
feel like it's one of those films that
comes on every year on the TV it has a
really lovely message behind it and it's
dr. Zeus so it's just amazing it's a
really good family film it makes you
feel good afterwards it's got funny bits
in it and I would highly recommend
watching this if you haven't already I
mean you probably have you've probably
watched all of these but I'm just going
to throw it out there this is a good one
in fact they're all really good just go
through out there you need to watch all
of them I can't ever have a Christmas
and not watch this which is why it's
made it into my top ten the next one is
a little bit of a rom-com
and it is Love Actually I love I
actually love this film
haha it's set over the Christmas period
it has so many amazing actors
is literally a handful of accent
actresses in this that you will
definitely recognize I kind of feel like
a lot of people can probably resonate
well with a lot of the different
individual stories that happen
throughout this film and it just I don't
know it has really really good ups and
re really good downs and it's so festive
and it just I don't know it's just it
makes you feel all like warm and cozy
and Christmas isn't Christmas without
this film ooh okay Nativity this is one
that recently made it to my favorite
Christmas film probably around four
years ago I watched this film near
Christmas I was obviously in a very
Christmasy mood
in fact when did this come out it must
be four or five years ago can't remember
um and it reminds me so much of being in
school production school plays and it
kind of brings that element into it I
also love the children actors and
actresses in this film I think they're
incredible again the storyline is lovely
and it just leaves me feeling very
festive and really kind of nostalgic I
think because it does take you back to
those kind of school play days and that
is why I love Nativity I have yet to see
Nativity to a nativity three although I
hear those are just as good but I wanted
to put Nativity the original into this
favorite because I love it next up is
another rom-com and it is the holiday
with Cameron Diaz Jude Law Jack Black
and Kate Winslet and again another
amazing handful of accent actresses in
this I know of so many people who have
not watched this and I always tell
people to watch it it's incredible if
you like Love Actually and you prefer
something a little bit kind of rom-com
II then I think you'll really like this
again I feel like a lot of people could
probably relate to this in somewhere
it's just a nice feel-good film
plus Jude Law in this film is an
absolute dish so I would recommend
watching this if you are a Jude Law fan
and you are a Christmas fan and if you
are both then this is going to blow your
mind
next up is probably up there with my top
three and that is elf
starring Will Ferrell elf is definitely
one of those films that if you haven't
seen you are completely missing out it's
not Christmas unless you've watched this
film personally this one is definitely
for those of you who want a good chuckle
it's really funny it is the story of
Will Ferrell or buddy the elf who
realizes he's not actually an elf
and goes in search of his real father or
his real family in New York City and
it's brilliant I highly recommend this
next up is home alone this again is a
complete classic I've been watching this
since I was really young and it just
doesn't feel like Christmas unless you
have this so this is the tale of Kevin
or Macaulay Culkin who gets left behind
and his family go away on Christmas
vacation and leave him so he is home
alone um and it's just brilliant there's
lots of amazing scenes and I mean
Macaulay Culkin was like the most epic
child actor of that time so any film
with him in is just brilliant
but I would highly recommend this it's
it's a really good Christmas film love
it next one is the Muppet Christmas
Carol
I absolutely love this film I know quite
a few people who don't like it because
they don't like Muppets which is fair
enough not everyone likes a muppet you
know but this just has a lot of really
great memories myself and Joe used to
watch this every single Christmas Eve
and we used to sing along to all the
songs and I I just really liked it it's
basically a Christmas carol but told
through the Muppets and it also stars
Michael Caine and it's just a brilliant
feel good family fun film and I love the
soundtrack to this I actually have it on
my Spotify and I play it on the solos
around the house and everyone goes is
this Kermit the Frog singing this and
I'm like yes yes it is I love it
next up is the greatest store in the
world which I know a lot of you will be
kind of unfamiliar with but if you've
been watching my videos for quite a few
years then you will know how much
I love this film I think this was just a
kind of one-off film made for CBBC um
years and years ago and me and my friend
Alex watched this on Christmas Eve we
had sausage rolls we have mince pies
Christmas lights were on and we were all
having an amazing time and I just
remember thinking this was the best film
I'd ever seen I just remember thinking
it was brilliant it's about a family who
are homeless for Christmas so they
decide to sleep in a department store I
kind of feel like I have a special place
for it in my heart because I loved it so
much as a child I think if you were
going to watch this as a 25 year old
having never seen it as a child I'm not
sure you would enjoy it but I actually
managed to source this DVD from a
company called Wham USA on eBay around
like ten years ago so if you manage to
find this then well done I just I had to
put it in here because I absolutely
loved it
I have already watched this a couple of
times this year as well next film is
jingle all the way
starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and it is
the best film ever it's about a dad
whose son really wants the kind of most
wanted toy at Christmas and he really
struggles to find it for him although
he's promised it to him and you kind of
follow him on his journey in trying to
find him - what's he called turbo man
and obviously it's not as
straightforward as that and there's lots
of kind of hiccups along the way which
makes it a really amazing film and again
it's just one of those films I've
watched for years and years and years
that I have so many like amazing
memories of watching that it just
instantly puts me in the Christmas
spirit so I love this boom and last but
by no means least because I would put
this up there with my top three is
Arthur Christmas this was only up there
with one of my favorites last year
because before that I had never seen it
and this is probably one of the most
modern Christmas films in the entire
pile a lot of them are pretty old but
this came out in 2012 I believe this
film basically follows the life of
father Christmas or Santa Claus and his
two sons one of which being Arthur
Christmas and you kind of follow them on
their new on their New Year's Eve
journey no that's not the film you kind
of follow them on their Christmas Eve
journey to delivering the presents and
obviously there's something that goes
wrong and they have to fix it and it's
amazing but one of the things I really
really love about this film is as a
child I as I got a little bit older and
I still believed in father Christmas but
I started to question whether these
things really could happen you know when
your kind of mind starts building and
you're like wait a minute um but I feel
like had I watched this as a child I
would have completely believed
everything after watching this because
it kind of puts a modern twist on how
far the Christmas could deliver presents
on Christmas Eve and I think that's why
it makes me so excited because I'm like
they're kind of the child in me is like
I wish I'd seen this when I was younger
and believed in father Christmas because
I would have 100% been like that is how
you do it that's how far the Christmas
does it that's how he gets to every
single house on Christmas Eve and
delivers all the presents it's just got
a really lovely kind of family element
to it and it just feels very very
Christmassy and I really love the
animation on this I think it's brilliant
I kind of wanted to do another one
because I love it so much although I'm
not too sure where it would go but yeah
I really like this so I would HIGHLY
highly recommend checking out arthur
christmas if you haven't already I know
I actually don't think many people have
heard of this I don't know um I haven't
before last year so so there we go those
were my top 10 Christmas DVDs I hope you
enjoyed it let me know in the comments
which ones you would have in your top 10
or maybe in your top three if you don't
want to be writing out a massive comment
and let me know if any of those would
make it as your favorite Christmas film
also give me any recommendations of any
other Christmas films you think I would
love that I don't have here I feel like
I have every single Christmas film that
ever existed um
those were the ones that I picked is my
fave but you never know I could be
missing some so let me know in the
comments and give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and I will see you
again tomorrow
