I am loving this really it's probably my
face it's definitely my face hello
everybody today I wanted to do a video
that is very highly requested and I
thought what is a better time than to do
this while it's very festive and it's
winter time and most people are feeling
like they want to give themselves a
little bit more of a pamper because it's
cold out and all that stuff
so you guys absolutely love I think it
was in 2013 when I did a kind of pamper
routine evening and you've been asking
me to do one ever since so that is what
I'm doing for you now so I would say I
do this maybe once or twice a week like
a proper thorough pan possession I feel
like it's really good for your kind of
body and mind I suppose getting a little
bit Zen in here but I do think it's
important everyone needs a bit of
downtime everyone needs a bit of time
where they can just kind of do all the
little things they really want to do and
to relax because it is far too easy to
get caught up in all the life stresses
and not just sit down and breathe so if
you are doing pompous session now is
your time to do it I'm telling you now
stop what you're doing apart from don't
stop watching this video and sort
yourself up pamper evening you will not
regret it the first thing I will do is
prepare the bath so I choose which
products that I want to use in the bath
whether that's a face mask or scrub and
I kind of lay it out on the side of the
bath I then like to light some tea
lights because I think a candlelit bath
is always far more relaxing than if
you've got the main lights on nothing
looks good in main lights especially if
you're going to be lying in a bath so
candles are always a great idea I like
to make myself a little bit of a bath
cocktail by this I mean mixing up
different products so for tonight's bar
I am using a lush magic wand reusable
bubble bar which I just want to swirl
under the running water basically I just
quite like bubbles and these create
amazing
bubbles and it also makes the water a
really soft milky kind of pink color
which is very pretty also smells amazing
it smells like Snow Fairy but not too
much like Snow Fairy as that's not
actually my favorite lush them adding
Tibet I'm also going to be putting a
lush luxury hood into the bath just for
a little bit of color make it a little
bit more magical and this also smells
amazing so whilst the bath is running I
am going to be taking off my makeup I
absolutely love doing this especially if
you've had a long day and you put your
makeup on really early it kind of feels
like it's starting to kind of cake onto
your face by the end of the day so this
is probably one of my favorite things to
do I'm currently using Sunday Reilly's
Bluemoon cleanser which I absolutely
love I just rub this between my hands
and then put it all over my face onto my
dry skin kind of rubbing off the makeup
and then I use a wet flannel to remove
everything and I just find it works
really really well and it leaves my skin
feeling really nice and clean once I've
removed my makeup I will then get into
the bath
there's lots of bubbles I'll drop my
little lush put in there and the colors
it creates are amazing almost as amazing
as the lights on my jumper right now and
then I'll watch a little bit of YouTube
I find it a really great time to kind of
catch up on a lot of my friends videos
see what they've been up to and I always
make sure I have something on that's
quite relaxing I feel like there are
many different corners of the internet
that you can end up being in but I think
for bath time on a pamper evening you
want to be watching something that you
know is relaxing and kind of calm so at
the moment I am watching Ciccone Jolie's
vlogs because I love them and their
family are so cute and adorable
then I generally like to do a face mask
because I feel like this is the perfect
time skin is all prepped and ready
and I think face mask is kind of
something people can forget to do the
one I'm using at the moment is origins
clear improvement I like it because you
look crazy when you put it on and you
really feel like it's doing something
and I leave that on for around 5 to 10
minutes and then I just use a funnel to
wash off if you're like me and you have
a dog this is usually also the time
although I'm trying to kind of have my
pamper bar and chill out
Nalla is obsessed with when I have a bar
I don't know if it's because she wants
to get in whether it's the bubbles that
fascinate her or the smell of the bath
bomb but without fail she will always
jump up to the side of the bath and just
peer at me while I'm trying to relax
which sometimes is really cute and
endearing and sometimes it's kind of
creepy then I like to use a body scrub
at the moment I'm alternating between
two so I'm using the lush peppermint
bark which is incredible I've already
gone through one of these and this one
is a fairly new one so I'm going to
leave him up for today and I'm actually
going to use the zoella Beauty eye mine
how cool is that still not really quite
over saying that and it's describing me
softly which is from the tutti frutti
range so it smells really lovely but I
also just find this feels really really
nice on the skin and I come out of the
bath feeling like a silk goddess after
scrubbing it is important to give
yourself a little wash you want to be
clean so I'm using a shower lily and I'm
also using the soap opera shower gel
after the bath it is then time to get
cozy by that I mean lighting a candle in
my bedroom so that when I come up to bed
the room smells incredible this is
something I've been doing quite recently
because I have a lot of Christmas
candles to burn as you guys can imagine
so I like to light one after a bath and
leave it in my room just a small one at
the moment I have lit neon Christmas
wish which smells incredible after
lighting my candle and just before
putting on my pajamas I like to
moisturize my body have to admit I don't
always remember to do this but it is
important especially in winter when your
skin feels a little bit more dry to do
this step so I am using the body butter
that is part of the awesome drawsome set
for Christmas I really love this I love
the original scent and it just feels
really lovely on the skin and then it is
time for PJs I do have quite a selection
of Christmas PJs this year so it was
very difficult to kind of narrow it down
but the ones I'm wearing
are the cat Kidston pajamas they're so
cute
and so festive I particularly love that
there's a jumper with these because it
just feels a little bit more cozy next
thing I want to do is kind of prep my
skin for the evening so I like to do my
kind of basic skincare routine so I
apply the Sunday Riley good gene serum
which I am obsessed with I have raved
about this for a good year now I think
definitely gone through a lot of these
and then on top of that I'm currently
using the clinic Moisture Surge
moisturizer which I have also been
loving for a really long time just keep
my skin hydrated and it just feels
really lovely to get something on it
especially after a face mask after that
I like to use a hand cream just to keep
my little fingers all nice and hydrated
so I've just used a little bit of hand
cream and now I feel well and truly
pampered and my skin is thanking me
immensely this is also the bit normally
where Nala thinks it's actually time for
bed and she'll jump up onto the bed and
she won't leave me alone in case any of
you hadn't realized she is the world's
medias dog when I was filming this she
genuinely would not leave me alone
so that is why she is in most of these
shots she absolutely loves it she
especially loves being on our bed and
it's definitely something we weren't
anticipating when we got a puppy we were
like no she'll never sleep in the bed
everyone who has a dog was like she'll
sleep in the bed and now she loves it I
then like to put on my dressing gown and
make my way downstairs just to have a
little bit of a chill-out time usually
Alfie likes to join me as well and it's
usually a time where we can both like
chitchat about the day I am making a
peppermint tea I'm using the tea pigs
peppermint tea which I receive really
recently and it is delicious I really
like peppermint tea especially around
this time of year because it's like
candy canes and I am drinking that in my
little father Christmas next mug and
alongside that I also baked some Oreo
and chocolate chip cookies then I put my
little cookies on my matching father
Christmas play
from next I basically just look like mad
Christmas lady but you guys already know
this by now then I take myself into my
little cozy room put on a Christmas DVD
elf is one that I am absolutely loving
every year basically and then I will sit
and cozy up with Nala or cozy up with
Alfie and we'll watch the Christmas film
and eat roses which are my favorite
Christmas treat after the film and
eating more than I probably should have
it's time to go to bed so I'll make my
way upstairs blow out the candle get
into bed
normally with Nala and we'll start to
fall asleep turn the lights off and
that's usually when Alfie will come like
crashing in whether he's turning on the
lights jumping into bed with a pizza
that actually genuinely happens and then
I'm woken up all over again it's very
rare that he'll like creep into bed next
to me we don't have the same bed times
okay so that is a little rundown of one
of my many pamper evenings I hope you
guys have enjoyed this video let me know
in the description box what you do to
relax in an evening or if there's any of
that that you do a little bit
differently and I will see you again
tomorrow thank you for watching
