oh Christmas tree oh Christmas tree
everybody today I am going to be talking
you through some luxury gift items that
you could all you don't have to get
somebody this Christmas time last week I
did a gift guide for potential stocking
fillers or gifts under 15 pounds and I
actually found that one slightly more
difficult I don't know what that says
about me and my spending habits but I
have really I've got quite a fair bit to
get through for the luxury gift guide
these things are ranging from oh I don't
know over 30 pounds up to 80 yes kind of
there's a right old mixture of prices in
here but again this is just for ideas
and these are just a few of the bits
that I kind of picked up that I thought
oh my goodness I would love these things
so I'm going to share these so that
other people could either put them on
their wish lists or give them to
somebody else because that's how a gift
guide works the first thing is actually
present for someone and it is the laura
mercier 4 mini hand creams of all the
kind of Bath & Body scents that they do
so you get a little almond coconut milk
I'm an ombre vanilla which is I think my
favorite creme brulee and tart ooh see
Tom we've got no pistachio this year
where's the pistachio gone then it's
been replaced by Tarte au citron I just
feel like as I said in my previous um
gift guide hand creams I think just are
such a good gift because people don't
normally treat themselves to a hand
cream so I feel like this is a really
lovely gift and everyone loves the hand
cream it's not kind of age restricted in
any way so yeah and these literally
smell amazing all of them I love all of
these this next thing is beautiful look
at this it's a diptych candle set for
those of you who don't know de teak is a
beautiful candle brand I love my candles
also kind of feel like similarly to the
hand cream candles are such a lovely
gift to give because everyone has their
different kind of candle scent
preferences and it's nice to share those
with people and also just discovering
new candles and I felt like this was a
really lovely way of discovering dipti
so it comes with all these little dip
tea candles they are just so cute and it
has a lot of their kind of classic
signature scent for anyone who loves
candles and has never really had
anything from dick teeth before this
could be lovely but also how cute are
these just to have around your bar
they're like the perfect size is they're
just slightly bigger than a tea light I
can't even tell you the smells that are
in this room right now I would be very
happy if I opens on Christmas Day so
bringing makeup into this slightly this
is the new addition to to face this
Christmas it comes in this cute book is
called Legrand chateau
I love Too Faced I love their collection
last year I love their collection this
year it's just so cute let me show you
oh no question
a big risk so it looks like this it's a
gorgeous little very hard cardboard
house you take off the top and then you
can open the doors and you have three
little pallets inside and a little
better than sex mascara which you guys
know I love and is amazing we get six
shadows and a blush so there's that one
very pretty again very pretty a little
bit more of a night out makeup and this
one which again is all very wearable and
this one has a bronzer in it so the
three pallets together I just think are
such a lovely little gift especially in
this adorable little house and it comes
with a little travel-size mascara love
it as I said previously lush do some
really great gift boxes around this time
of year
if you want to spend a little bit more
and get a lot more bath products then
they have this one which I've got was so
adorable and it's called sleep steal
Christmas and you kind of move this
around so you can have this under the
tree
or I suppose you could I know I suppose
yeah you put it under the tree and you
just count down the days until you're
allowed to open it and this has one two
three four five six products in it so
that's going to go a long way especially
for somebody who loves baths who loves
lush I just think this is a really
really cute gift and also just their
boxes are so lovely like you can legit
like keep this for next year and put
your little lush products in it so I
really like that that was quite nice if
skincare is more your thing I thought
this set was perfect
it's the Liz Earle sparkling skin duo
all celebrating twenty eight years as
Liz's I can't speak celebrating 20 years
of Liz Oh Liz oh is a great place to
start with
skincare I love glitter cleanser polish
I actually haven't used it in quite a
while
just love this and I also would have
loved this when I first started out with
Liz elf you get the cleanse and polish
you also get a little muslin cloth and
you get the skin tonic so you're all set
then love your gift if you want to treat
somebody to a scent this Christmas I
found two that I really like
however scent is such a personal
preference so don't just take my word
for it
maybe go out sniff a couple but
basically luxury gift guide idea of
perfume but the ones I've been really
liking are this one which is Tom Ford
velvet orchid oh my
this smells incredible yes slightly more
pricey but a very very special scent I
feel like this is something you could
get like your mom will your girlfriend
or your best friend someone that means a
lot to you this is definitely more of
like an evening scent I think I'm too
kind of worth I love the bottle and it's
Tom Ford so it's definitely luxury but
yeah route smells really good go and
give that sniff another one that I
really like is this new new one and the
bottle is so adorable and this is
definitely a little bit more of kind of
a lighter daytime scent and it looks
like this it smells amazing so go and
give it a little go give it a little
sniff if you can it's kind of floral and
fruity I like it a lot but just look how
cute that bottle is
it's so cute I love this little like
perspex kind of know loving it loving
that when I saw this I was like this is
perfect for most people if this I picked
up in space inkay it's the purp
perchance to dream
envelop your skin your senses and spritz
your pillow with sleep enhanced
essential oils to help you unwind it's
like this works and it's basically a
suit box everything you could ever need
to help you get a better night's sleep
and I feel like most people would
appreciate this you know someone who
might be feeling you is stressed or not
getting enough sleep or I don't know I
just feel like this is very beneficial
for a lot of people which is why I was
like this is perfect putting the gift
guide you get the sleep deep sleep dream
cream so this is a body cream basically
you get the fast soak you get the candle
and you get the pillow spray and you're
basically going to be giving this person
the luxury of a relaxed night sleep and
who doesn't want that next thing I have
is a candle brand which I don't know too
much about but when I saw this I
absolutely fell in love and I was like
this is the perfect gift and oh my
goodness
I want one it's the brand Coco Lux
Australia and it is a coconut wax candle
with wild frangipani infused in coconut
and the box is just beautiful and it
opens up like this and then the actual
candle wait for it is frickin copper not
just that it's possibly the best thing
I've ever smelt in my entire life is
quite a summery scent but that's okay
you know can save that for the summer I
just thought it was a really lovely
candle and I didn't know if any of you
knew of the brand or had seen it before
but it I was just like well if there's
ever a giftable candle this is it
and I feel like anyone who I would give
this to would love it especially if they
like candles anyway
can kind of appreciate that it's quite a
nice one so yeah Coco Lux Australia
check them out and the last thing for
those of us that do like to kind of
lounge around or have caused something
kind of luxurious that we can kind of
chill in I have gone for the classic
Marks and Spencers softest thing I've
ever felt in my entire life
dressing-gown
this was 45 pounds from Marks and
Spencer and I honestly think I've bought
about five of these to give to people
for Christmas because it's just the
nicest thing who doesn't want to be
wrapped up in a cozy cocoon
Christmastime it's just so lovely and it
does feel really really luxury so um I
couldn't do the Gift Guide without
putting this in there okay so that is
everything I wanted to show you guys in
the Gift Guide just like the other Gift
Guide leave any other suggestions that
you might have in the comments so that
we can only them and gain some
inspiration and get some ideas and good
luck in your hunt for the perfect
Christmas gift I actually quite enjoy
Christmas shopping myself but if you
don't then I hope this has made it
slightly easier don't forget to give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I will see you again tomorrow
