today I am here with my gorgeous friend
Tanya burr hello touch my brownie
not that kind of videos ever we I'm
going to be baking today and we are
super super excited because both myself
and Tanya absolutely love baking yeah we
did we thought what better thing to do
than to bake cake hots yeah so let's get
started I've attempted to do cake pops
before and I tried to use one of moles
and it just didn't work and apparently
all of you guys told me I was doing it
wrong yeah oh good video yes you know
it's like Bowie you know it Dilys
purpose is coming out a wee little
period you have to crumple up your cake
mixture mixing spotify's make it strong
but so we are reading the rules online
for and it said if you use too much
buttercream you paint pop will pull off
if you don't eat enough you can't proper
pull off all these different other kind
of cookie dough really your cake will
fall off so being prepared that I could
pull off it make it a little bit easier
although a lot of people do advise that
you do this we're going to use a cake
mixture
Grint this one is an all-natural limited
edition winter spiced cake mix from John
Lewis song John Lewis and all you need
is butter and eggs work back in the bowl
T okay
hi
word
My Little Miss a morsel is it really
frustrating to watch someone else do
this some who know they have it's a
really I'd have missed out on their yeah
I'm sorry huh
this bed yeah or this bed okay I'm gonna
just get it big banana you satisfy you
lazy old dear I like it on their own or
through any mix that we should start
baking channel you will recall our show
like a spa but they'll never tell Ella
Bache time out a bit and I better the
baking channel why we'll start bakery
yeah let's do shot me okay yeah one oh I
love a good egg to breakfast um what
they've done Oh name not Reverend we
choose very it's like a Christmas fun to
understand what that one
and lucky eggs we have got an ethic cake
mixture here so we're on 190 and we'll
pop that in there on that one heat rises
that's going on top shelfs women to cook
quickly Iraq in 20 minutes I'm not a
factor you'll have to fetch my not deter
it's laughs yeah that's just for you Joe
whilst the other done and our cake is
baking nicely we're going to make bucks
cream because what you do essentially
you make your cake to cool down and if
you actually put the crumbs in the
fridge for a bit though you with the
butter cream the butter cream
appreciates the scrutiny to make it now
yeah get it in the fridge get it in the
fridge so yes we've got 8 grams of
butter and 200 grams of icing sugar and
you're just going to throw it in the
kitchenaid kitchenaid
that video getting me is a dog it
doesn't matter what breed the perfectly
school preferably a small one yeah and
then you'll get a little pizza why are
you doing that water she's like I don't
like this all the cakes smelling good
right nice thing is now making it a bowl
to go into the fridge yeah basically we
want everything very cold to make cake
boxes everything stick together
yeah it smells amazing in this kitchen
we can go up and chill now Sara Moore
return in ten minutes
okay so once your cake is cooled down
and your buttercream has been cooled in
the fridge for around 30 minutes you're
going to eat okay you need to just break
this up into crumbs
it's so delicious though awesome right
through yeah that's my beautiful bride
wherever she may be
there we go home be even I've said that
someone else just seen that film I used
to watch it when underground that's me
too oh yes yes I'm only up to date out
of sequence at 7:00 prices fellas that's
all right but I'm fine and the
grandparents so we have the same
Charlton yeah we did it says so much
mine as those childhoods like when my
mum watched two E's and video years ago
music video really showed like old home
videos about you embedded Jared
depresses oh yeah yeah my mum was like I
really like so you feel like she's had
the same upbringing of you oh I think
the glasses that we used to do yet mean
sit on the end of one cast ever the
stockings are all the same yeah yeah oh
yeah so what you're supposed to do is
you're supposed to just trim off the
edges of the cake in area at the edge of
occasions like pussy which actually kind
of yummy when it when it okay not so
great okay pops
yeah not so great for cake pops next
step is hit buttercream and add a
tablespoon at a time
and basically mix that end with the
crummy you want it to kind of come
together and like make a kind of firm
ball basically the key to making cake
pops actually work is like patient yeah
but you know what really have no but
we're making it work right now that's it
it's where anything goes wrong as if as
okay that's right now okay go through it
oh sure were you angry no I mean the
dogs will love it yeah yeah I wonder why
you're crazy doing it
okay Tom don't get cocky come on now
right I like that I think we might need
just a need it sees the whole balls that
was really good measurement that's
awesome Zoe should we make a giant cake
pop oh my gosh imagine
I just don't think I will work them out
wish it luck good luck into the bridge
for one hour
wonderful day okay let's do it
oh I hate you do you know any because
you are no to each other yeah
do you know accident emergency okay
baking sheet
you want to roll balls squeeze them
wrong type Oh excited I'm excited too
you don't have to bigger laptop long
yeah what is your old ones too big
that's like classic cake pops either
yeah oh thanks slowly getting bigger
it's in him what colors right these are
in the fridge we study on the fridge now
for Oh 20 minutes 20 minutes yeah
next stage is to stick the stick into
your little cake balls which time you
will now get out of them because it's in
the oven
Oh firm the liberal brilliant we need to
go okay
okay so we put the candy melt into a
bowl for the mother my friend so that in
a microwave for one minute all my hopes
out here do - oops that so we've got red
ones and what we want to do but I'll get
your stick what color sticks do you
wanna do because don't forget the candy
melt is red so I'm sticking my white and
green yeah
yep and how far in do stick your stick
so it not too far just into the middle
but not yet got the candy melt on the
end
you're also away from the candy bowl
because that helps it stick anything
push off and if you start to find that
your candy melts go a bit stiff because
it dries really quickly I don't even
want to look like you know I was like oh
I look fat you can add vegetable oil and
then heat it through again and mix it a
vegetable oil surface again if you're
ready dick in the candy mouth yeah that
much is fine and then you want to stick
it into your pig pop friend the thing
was and then pop it back down here right
what
after that I set off I probably what you
want to do is you want to get enough of
it on here I might cause the next step
to blend it in
but you've gotta let this set first you
pop that one down that's time special
that's for Jim something very sweet when
I saw you for two euros down I was just
down I just thought oh no
what could you knew that I knew that
I've done it wrong you get it wrong
what oh my god you're digging up a quite
something
no thank you all
look at that don't laugh I really really
really really really like you dear me do
you like me do you like me - Oh what you
gonna do I want to keep it really like
classic my one my would just have a golf
cart on it is that bad nice okay so
you're just going to pinch the guitar on
top yeah sounds good to me
number nine I'm going to do some
sprinkles kind of it is and you can work
the bottom
I know it should be one here look sighs
awesome Zoey
always make sure your candy melts and
melty enough 101
Yeah right what you how will you get
them break it quick quick dry out the
glitter please open oh my - I got a
slimy hands yeah okay well I think
alerts free day actually doesn't greeny
printing folk will do differently next
time
whoops do you think the candy not my son
too much space
Oh so I'm gonna give you some tips that
I think it means I we did you do I think
ours look awesome
I just think that we underestimated how
important it is for them to do perfect
round balls oh yeah and they'd be a
little bit smaller because if they were
I don't think there's anything wrong
with them
that looks amazing I mean I can't we
have dogs
oh my gosh this is Amir but then should
we just hold this here and maybe do it
like this I feel like there's two
different types of atheism investing in
bemidji stuff literally the dogs are
having a field day
look at the balloon before like why are
we up in sprinting up it over ball hold
it like down I remove all I'm Mouse big
one twist the cake box twist the gate
fuck love it it's not a little bit
neater
yeah where did this Vizier
that's making a okay car too big and
heavy falls off it like breaks the table
oh my god it's 20 to 10 we've been doing
this for three hours
mala with such a fix that we have
finished the cake box
shall we show you the mat pls show them
okay oh so scary it'll like aren't they
gorgeous so very cool I really hope you
guys have enjoyed this video don't
forget if you make Christmas themed cake
pops to tag either Tanya and I so that
we can see there we'd love and I want to
know if you guys can do a better job
than us or I'd love to see your
decorators yeah I want to see how
creative you get with it
we've also filmed a video over on
Tanya's channel so make sure to go and
check that out I will leave a link in
the description box make sure you
subscribe to her as well and yeah we
will see you very soon you better like
if you enjoyed ends up and we love you
guys
ah throw away holding this got an old
cake pops you might have just dropped
them to way over
