today I'm going to be doing a Christmasy
Q&A
I'm really excited to do this video
because you guys know how much I love
talking about Christmas and you all want
to know a lot about what I think about
Christmas so I've kind of gone through a
lot of your questions on Twitter and
I've saved them all and I'm going to
answer them for you in this video I also
just want to show you how cute with
glittery boas because when I actually
turn towards the camera you can't see it
but it's there and I love it I'll scored
a question um Demi Lee says do you like
Brussels sprouts I love them but most
people hate them
I honestly yeah I don't mind Brussels
sprouts you know I know a lot of people
that don't like them but I don't I don't
find them that offensive they're
definitely not my vegetable of choice I
wouldn't say I was excited to eat
Brussels sprouts
ever but I really don't mind them you
know I just think as part of Christmas
isn't it
Mia says if you had to send Christmas in
another country where would it be
Oh I honestly think somewhere cold and
snowy
what you doing on Christmas Day we could
go for like snowy walk could you stop
the heavy breathing Nala
I'm trying to film a video Kenny huh but
yeah I think somewhere with like Huskies
and sledges and toboggans and like
crackling fires like reefs somewhere
really snowy sometimes it snows here in
the UK on Christmas Day but it's very
rare like if that happens this year I
honestly think I would probably need to
be brought back to life because I would
die bethenny says what time do you wake
up on Christmas morning are you awake
first or Alfie oh it's definitely me
that's awake first and if Alfie's awake
performing it's only because he's
forgotten to wrap any presents until
Christmas morning I probably wake up at
like C when I was younger when I lived
with Joe and we were kids and we were
super excited about Christmas
we used to wake up so early we used to
be awake at like 5:00 a.m. and we would
go and knock on my mum and dad's door
and be like can we come in yeah and they
would look at the time realise it's 5:00
a.m. and say not yet so you would have
to go back to bed and wait another hour
then we would probably go in at half
5:00 try again no we would have to wait
until 6:00 a.m. then we were allowed in
to open our stocking presents or sack
presents we actually never had stockings
as children we always had like a sack
like a Hessian kind of sack or pillow
cases were always a winner in our family
but now I don't wake up as early I think
you know I've gone older go to bed a lot
later although to be fair I do kind of
like to go to bed a bit earlier on
Christmas Eve so I wake up a bit earlier
I probably wake up at like 7:00 let's
kind of realistic time but then I wake
up at 7 on a normal day so at store my
suggs says anything you don't like about
Christmas what a difficult question not
really I think the only thing I don't
like about Christmas is that the day
goes so quickly and I wish that I was
able to visit everyone I wanted to visit
on Christmas Day but that's just
impossible you know can't stop time
unless you're burnin and you got one of
those special watches no I just hate how
quickly it's over I almost feel like the
build-up to Christmas is
the best bit um and then every hour that
goes by on Christmas day I just get more
and more down about the fact that it's
nearly over how depressing is that Oh
God
Emma says what's your favorite thing to
bake at Christmas time oh I love baking
like gingerbread and cookies because you
have all the best cookie cutters around
this time of year that sounds ridiculous
but you do like it's true there's stars
there's snowflakes there's Christmas
trees as brindis as everything you could
ever need in a cookie cutter around this
time of year I also just love making
kind of more best to be things like
mince pies like spicy bits and pieces G
says what did Alfie think of the
Christmas theme wink emoji well um I
didn't actually ask his opinion oh it's
just like look what I've done
do you love it oh great I love you love
it um no he he loves it in fact this
year he's feeling way more festive than
ever before I think because I've kind of
I think it's finally rubbed off on him
so yeah Alfie loves it he loves there
everyone loves it how could you not love
it
Millie said how much are you hoping for
a white Christmas this year well as I
just said I think I would actually
probably drop down dead if it happened
because I'd just be so excited do you
think I'm lovely it would be to wake up
on Christmas morning take the dogs out
for a walk in the snow
Oh God it would just be magical and be
so magical let's all just cross our
fingers and really wish for it and then
it might happen cat loves Tanja says do
you like mince pies see although I just
said I love to bake them I don't love
them that much but but I do like the
pastry that had a bit of minced meat on
it because that's the only bit I ever
used eat I don't like raisins and
currants so the filling of a mince pie
is not my fave but when they come out of
the oven warm and the pastry is warm and
it has a little bit of the like
mincemeat juice on it and it's kind of
sprinkled in like icing sugar or
oh that is amazing so I kind of like
them I like half of them I like the
pastry and just scrape the raises and
the sultanas out basically I like this
one Jazmin said do you prefer a
Christmas tree theme or a mix-and-match
Christmas tree I'm definitely all about
the theme so this Christmas tree is
white gold silver and very pale like you
can't really tell but it is downstairs
my Christmas tree is silver gold copper
and black and then our main Christmas
tree is like glass like as that's a real
tree that's glass and like copper and
white gold and feathers and I don't know
I get I get way too into it I also
really like white lights and Christmas
trees or kind of more of like a warm
yellowy light I don't like the really
bright white ones but I still love
colored lights which is not in my tree
um nothing against mix-and-match trees I
know a lot of people that collect
different baubles from different places
and add them to the tree I think that
gives the tree a lot more of a story I
think that makes a tree a lot more
sentimental and a bit more special but I
like my tree to have a theme because
blame Debbie says um what is your go-to
Christmas outfit oh I think a red lip
something like there's a cute little bow
and either like a velvet dress or a
sequined dress
um tights and little boots or festive
PJs and like cozy clothes or a really
amazingly tacky jumper Christmas jumper
but I mean it depends what you do on
Christmas Day because I know a lot of
families who just sits at home watching
the TV and getting cozy by the fire and
just eating and they stay in like their
comfy clothes but growing up we always
used to kind of get really dressed up
for Christmas Day so that's what I used
to do used to go for dresses
poly said is Christmas at your house
this year and how excited are you for it
so we're having your Alfie's mum and
dad's house and there will be me Alfie
alby's mum and dad poppy Shaun and
Alfie's grandma and I am very very
excited I mean I'm excited every year um
but yeah I'm very excited it's gonna be
a really like chilled out day I think
Matt says will you be cooking at
Christmas dinner this year
hell no I cannot cook Christmas dinner
I find the timings really hard cooking
so many different things but making sure
is all ready for the same time and comes
out hot that's the hard bit because I'm
not very good with time restrictions and
so therefore Alfie's mum is actually
cooking Christmas dinner
leave Greer says favourite food at
Christmas I do love me some turkey and
stuffing and mashed potato is a firm
favorite all year round but at Christmas
it's very exciting
by the way Nala is snoring in my lap I'm
not just sat here trumping away it's my
dog what else do I love at Christmas
just all the like chocolate and the
smacks all that sort of stuff I
absolutely love just says are you going
to decorate the front of your house in
fairy lights for Christmas unfortunately
not because I don't know where to buy
big outside house lights that I can
drape across my entire house I also
don't know if I would do it properly and
weirdly I'm thinking how do people do
that like how do they plug it all in
because I think I think people get quite
professional about it and have like
transformers and like hook it up to like
the house electricity and stuff and I
honestly don't know how to do that maybe
one year I'll get someone to come and do
it for me because then it actually might
look quite good and they'll probably
know what they're doing but for now I'm
going to just concentrate on decorating
the inside my house the thing although
that is complete house goals for me is
to like have this hugely amazing kind of
lit from the outside like Hansel and
Gretel cottage like that would just be
Oh God one day one day will you be
hosting any Christmas parties this year
I actually have a day in December where
myself
Alcee Tonya Jim marks and Naomi are all
coming round I've managed to find a date
that we can all do because that is
bloomin hard because we're all so busy
and I'm really excited about that
because we're gonna have a little
sleepover and I've got a few things
planned I've also got Louise coming to
stay and we're going to do our
gift-giving which I'm also very excited
about but party wise I feel like every
day in December as a party let's be
honest Kayla said if you've got a chance
to be in a famous Christmas film what
film would it be oh love actually I
think I'd love to be a character in that
I'd love to know what kind of storyline
I could have been given because there's
so many amazing plots in that and
different like character plot parts to
it so I would love to have been in that
with like a restraint plot okay one last
Christmas related question and this is
from Rachel and she says Christmas or
the build-up to Christmas I have to
actually say the build-up to Christmas
because you know it's coming you're
getting excited um everyone's in a great
mood there's so many different elements
and exciting things that you can do
around the time of year because
Christmas Day although it's an amazing
day you kind of know it's the end then
you're like oh yeah
another year but the burlap de Christmas
is just in say is the best thing ever I
also have two other questions well one
of them is a question one of them is
more of a shout-out to two people who
donated a certain amount in the trek
stocker campaign that I did a while ago
and I wanted to put their questions in
this QA so the first question is from
Moore Tuttle and they said how long have
you been doing makeup Oh little strange
and so I have been doing makeup on
myself properly for probably like I
guess I was seventeen when I started
doing my makeup properly I think um but
before that it was just a bit of kind of
clear mascara here and there so probably
seventeen onwards is how long I've been
doing my makeup for and the second
donation it came from down at you now so
he just wanted me to say hey so hi done
and thank you so much for your donation
okay guys and that is it for my
Christmas Q&A I hope you enjoyed it let
me know some of your answers to any of
those questions in the comments I'm
gonna be reading through those later on
this evening I hope you're enjoying a
video every single day
sorry Nala was asleep on my lap and now
she's like why have you done this to me
are you smelling to give you a bath
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see that again
tomorrow won't we yes we will
what are you making all these funny
noises we'll see you again tomorrow
bye guys Karishma somewhat Rinna ball
crisp up the people how are you falling
asleep while I'm doing this Christmas
baby please come
Oh No
right let's go come on let's go
