today I am going to be dipping my toe in
the Christmas gift guide waters I've
never done a gift guide before I enjoy
watching them because they're always
full of really good inspiration and
ideas that I would never have even
thought about beforehand so I feel like
hopefully this actually might help some
of you who are struggling to think of
gift ideas for someone you know so today
I'm going to be giving you some stocking
filler ideas and these are essentially
gifts under 15 pounds and of course you
can adapt these to spending more money
if you wanted to or to finding a cheaper
alternative that is completely up to you
this video is just about planting the
seed and giving you the ideas why
someone building now one of the gift
guides now's a great time now the great
time to start
soaring things in half outside my house
by the way this is my Christmas jumper
it says this is my xmas jumper and I
love it very much
it's my mic on yes so I feel like we all
know somebody who loves to lounge or
they like to receive cozy things for
Christmas so scarves gloves pajamas or
these which I thought were so cute these
are tiny little slipper shoes I suppose
and they're like little penguins and
bubble hats on and they are the cutest
thing I've ever seen these are from next
and they're 12 pounds next have some
really lovely night wear in at the
moment they have some really lovely
little slips of socks and I just thought
they would make the perfect little
stocking for a gift and they're so cute
now because of my love for baking I
thought it would only be right to
include something that you could give to
somebody who also loves baking you can
get some really lovely little kits or
you could even make up your own one if
you give yourself a budget you can go
into Lakeland they have some amazing
things in there
maybe put together a little gift box or
a little gift bag of a couple of wooden
spoons and a lovely tea towel or some
really beautiful sprinkles or cupcake
cases I know for sure I'm going to be
doing that for a few of my friends
because I have an eye for sprinkles so I
am going to be making up a few of those
and I think it's just nice I don't know
it's just it's also a lovely seeing kind
of after Christmas you've got leftover
chocolate you've got a lot of leftover
food um and I feel like that is a time
when a lot of people are kind of baking
in the kitchen um so I did find this one
from cat kitten and this is 14 pounds
and it is just the cutest thing ever I
absolutely love this so you get a wooden
spatula
well it's wooden here but it's like
silicone up here with little flowers on
it you also get a wooden spoon vital and
you also get this really gorgeous cat
Kidston print tea towel and I just think
everyone knows someone who has who loves
baking and this is a really lovely
present to give and it's the sort of
thing that they would have in like a
little pot and they would want to show
off you know it's cute one so I thought
that was a really nice idea for the
baking lovers among us the next thing
that I would personally quite love to
receive in a stocking or just as a
little gift from someone is notebook
I collect notebooks if I see a notebook
that I think oh that's really lovely
it's going to end up in my bookshelf of
notebooks that all get about half full
and then I start on a different one um
but oh dear which is oh-h-h de er have
some really really pretty
notebooks that I feel like everyone
would be really happy to receive maybe
with a cute little pen or something I
don't know the first one is this one and
it's marbled we all know how much
everyone loves our marbled everything so
why not take it all the way and have a
marbled notebook this is a a4
I think I feel like this is smaller than
a four it's just smaller than a four but
it's really lovely it looks so cool on
your desk also a little trippy if you
put it down on your marble work top but
um yeah it's just a little notebook I
feel like this is a lovely gift to give
somebody and
everyone needs a notebook you can't go
wrong with a notebook I don't think they
also have these little packs of three so
this one comes with a rose gold copper
one on the front a metallic silver one
and a metallic gold one and this is
another little pack of three and you
have different patterns on this one so
this is a really light baby pink with
kind of metallic gold etchings and then
in the middle I think quartz this one
let me try and slide him out a little
duck egg blue one that says notes and
then the last one is more of a geometric
oh dear what my done Wow and the last
one is a little bit more of a geometric
print and again I just think that's
really good especially if um you're
getting this for somebody who's in
school still or at uni or college and
make a lot of notes in lectures and
things then I think these would be
really nice because they're not your
average notebook they're actually really
pretty
I feel like this wouldn't be much of a
gift guide if I didn't include a couple
of my own products I mean I would really
suck at the promotion if I didn't and
also just because these are essentially
made for stocking fillers so I thought I
would show them to you especially
because these are a few of my favorites
so the first one is the tube army this
is two lip balms in a little metal tin
you've got sweet mint lip balm which is
a nude shade and then you've got the
vanilla cream lip balm which is in a
really lovely coral shade and they even
come with a little thing so you can hang
it on a tree for somebody how cute is
that this one I thought would be a
really nice little present for a friend
or as a stocking filler and it's the
hand cream which is Wonder hand it's
just really pretty it's just a nice gift
I feel like hand creams are also
something that you don't necessarily buy
for yourself I feel like you can quite
easily forget to buy yourself a hand
cream but it's nice to receive one and
you're like yes I do have dry hands and
I do need to moisturize them so it's
like a little kind of hey you dry hands
let about your nice little hand cream
also I'm obsessed with this because I
love my fist boss and this is just a
perfect stocking filler gift they just
come together in this cute little set I
know that the fist buyers are really
popular among a lot of you so
I figured this would be the perfect
stocking for a gift or any of use at
Louisville bar another thing which I
think is quite nice up under 15 pounds
is a reed diffuser or
room diffuser this one is in the classic
scent and I just think it looks really
pretty and again it's really giftable
like it's a nice like gift like you've
got the nice box although good luck to
people wrapping it because it's not
quite square um so I'd love to see how
you wrap these but yeah I would highly
recommend this as a gift because I would
love to receive it personally and I'm
not just saying that it's my product
penny wants to get me any other room
diffusers I'm happy to accept those too
I just love things like reed diffusers
because I feel like they're very
universal like everybody will have a
reed diffuser unless they really hate
the scent in which case maybe not but in
that sense you know they're good for
everybody really another thing that I
think especially this year because
they've been so popular that would be a
really nice little stocking filler gift
or a gift for under 15 pounds for
somebody you know is a coloring in book
um I personally love these I feel like
they're great for downtime and also if
you're on long hauls or in a meeting and
you're one of those people has to doodle
that you have to be doing something I
know quite a few people like that I
think it's something to concentration
like you could concentrate more if
you're doing something else I don't know
how it works but I am one of those
people um so this is one I would highly
recommend is the Johanna Basford books
there's one called secret garden and
then there's also this one which is
slightly New York and they are so
beautiful they don't feel just like
coloring in books they feel really
special and I just think her
illustrations are beautiful all that
there's one I colored in and I won't be
giving this one away but I do have
another of her books to give to somebody
for Christmas not going to say who
because I'll be giving it away and they
might be watching this video this is
another thing I just feel like everyone
should have just to kind of doodle in
but I really really like that one so
something like that or you can get
themed ones so if you know somebody who
loved Alice in Wonderland who loves
Harry Potter who loves Doctor
whoo I feel like now there's literally a
coloring in book for every subject and
that also makes it a little bit more
kind of tailored to the sort of person
that you want to get the present for so
I also found this one because you guys
know how much I love Christmas and it's
called escape to Christmas past a
coloring book adventure it's Christmassy
coloring in books aren't just for kids
anymore apparently they've been made
cool for adults and I'm down with that I
feel like it would be really nice
alongside a coloring in book to kind of
go for some really nice pens and these
are the I can never pronounce this is
its steady state sped ler step blur set
the Pens are really good I'm depending
on your budget you can either go for a
big pack you could go for slightly more
expensive um felt-tip kind of fine
liners or sharpies or just um kind of
just coloring in pencils or felt tips I
don't know but I just think it's quite
nice to kind of give the book with some
felt tips so that they're literally
ready to go I really like these ones I
love the fineliners I think they're so
cool I've also been really enjoying kind
of artists coloring in pencils because
they're really soft lush do you have the
most extensive range of bath bombs
especially around this time of year but
if you don't want to go in and select
something and just give it to somebody
wrapped in the paper bag they do some
really lovely little gift boxes just
with a couple of the little festive ones
in it and you don't even have to wrap it
you could literally give it like this
because it just it's already done for
you
this one has butter bear bath bomb snow
angel bath melt father Christmas past
and the peeping Santa bubble bar and
it's oh my goodness so if you want
something literally as easy as that you
can walk into lush and they have lots
and lots of different box sets lots of
different price ranges and again I'm
just going by what I like to receive and
if there's a lush gift box somewhere
under the tree I'm super happy
okay so that is everything that I wanted
to show you guys in my little gift guide
stocking fillers or under 15 pounds I
hope there was something there that
inspired you or
we made you think a little bit more
about a presence of somebody let me know
in the comments any other really great
gifts for under 15 pounds that you've
discovered this year or that you think
would be great to recommend to other
people who might be reading the comments
and we can all help each other because I
do feel like at this time of the year
there are so many people to buy for and
sometimes they all get a little bit
overwhelming especially if you've been
given a price like a price budget and of
course there are so many other things
but I literally would have been sat here
for hours going through everything I
could find for under 15 pounds but
that's why it's so great that you guys
can leave recommendations or comments
and then we're all winning I'll also be
doing a slightly more luxury gift guide
next week so keep your eyes peeled for
that but for now I'm going to leave this
here give video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I hope you are enjoying me
every single day so far and that you
haven't already got bored I'll see you
again tomorrow bye guys
I mean my hair's up right now but you
get the idea the woman was like all I
hate you have a good party how awful
would it be if you weren't actually I
mean I was I was head back to Chris
