Nalla what you eating well whatever it
was it's gone now everybody today I am
wearing my jumper covered in snow balls
which sounds amazing it's not so
practical because I keep going like this
thinking I have something on me in this
video I root in this video I really
wanted to do a kind of Christmas themed
haul it was originally just gonna be
Christmas home wear items but then I
realized that Christmas home where
started trickling into random
accessories and other things so it's
kind of like an accessories / pajamas /
homework hall and I hope you enjoy it
where to stop okay so I'm going to start
with some of the clothing and
accessories items so the first thing I'm
going to show you are these little
slipper shoes or like slipper flats or I
guess they're kind of like thick slipper
socks and they're really cozy inside and
they have a little reindeer on with a
tinsel a sparkly nose and I'm just
obsessed with these I've been wearing
them non-stop they are super comfortable
and these are from ASOS these are also
from ASOS and when I saw them online I
was like oh my god these are amazing
and I do need some gloves so why not
make them festive themed and they are
these little mittens but with father
Christmas on them look how stinking cute
these are so it looks like your son
comes out with here but this is actually
just Santa's hat but um I am thoroughly
obsessed with these I love that this
father Christmas looks sheepish or
asleep um I don't know which I guess you
can decide that for yourself but I
really like that he has a little
fricking hat it's just this so cute and
these are also from ASOS this next thing
was um one of my many festive purchases
Promark and as you can see it is ringing
um this is a elf hat beanie from Primark
this was four pounds it has bells on it
it's green but what I liked about it was
that it gets really baggy at the back so
when you wear it it's gonna be like
super baggy like a little elf hat I just
really like that I'm I'm for sure gonna
be wearing this regardless of whether
I'm dressed like an elf or not because I
love it
I mean my hair's up right now but you
get the idea
these next items are pajamas now I I can
get a little bit carried away with
pajamas most of the times of the year
but oh my god I thought I saw a face
behind the light and I'm really scared
so I get really carried away with
pajamas all year round but I feel like
in the winter pajamas just get that a
little bit more exciting and I think you
just find that you spend more time in
them I don't really wear pajamas in the
summer
I just want my underwear to bed because
it's way too hot but in the winter I
make full use of the fact that pajamas
are way cooler and that I wear them more
so that plus like festive season means
that the pajamas are all in my wardrobe
all the pajamas everywhere so I got this
pair firstly from next and this is just
like a checkered kind of thick um shirt
and trousers combo I just think these
are going to be so cute not typically
just festive you can wear these
throughout the entirety of winter but
most people kind of associate checkered
pajamas especially when it's shirt and
trousers with winter and Christmas so I
really really they're really soft is
what I really like those these are also
100% cotton for any of you that only
like to wear cotton because I know that
there are some of you out there on a
slightly more cheaper alternative
I picked up this shirt pajama dress it's
kind of like a shirt dress yeah for
eight pounds from Primark the next
pyjamas were 30 I think but this one is
eight and again it's just read check
again very very soft and this is a bit
longer so in case you don't like to wear
a top and bottom I've got something in
my mouth
yep gone numb you could just go for a
really long shirt which I also really
like and again not just for Christmas
you can wear those well into January and
February if you so wish um then on a
sauce from the brand mink pink who do
some amazing Christmassy pajamas just
FYI I picked up these little shorts
because we don't always want to wear
trousers
I feel like depending on what your
central heating is like around this time
of year sometimes it's quite toasty in
people's houses or in your own house so
shorts it's just quite a nice option so
I got these and they've got cute little
Christmas puddings on with kind of
Concerned / awkward faces which I quite
like and they're kind of freely at the
bottom I just thought they were so cute
so I thought I would give them a little
mention there and then I did briefly
discuss this in my October favorites but
it's Kath kissed and pajamas this year
they are just so lovely so here's the
top and it's just really soft and it has
this gorgeous kind of ditzy print on it
and then with the top I also bought the
pajama bottoms which are elasticated at
the top and the bottom and I just think
these are gorgeous like I really love
these so I'm basically going to be
living in pajamas and Christmas jumpers
for the whole of December and I'm really
happy about that
onto slightly more random things I
suppose
I ordered a skinny dip phone case this
is for race iPhone 6 and it has
Christmas puddings on it look at that I
love it just cuz you know myself and my
bedroom wasn't festive enough so I
thought why not make my phone festive
why not make everything I own
festive I feel like the guy from the
skittles advert when every time he
touches something it turned to skittles
I feel like I'm that but the Christmas
equivalent Christmas equivalent is hard
to say
whereas everything I touch turns
Christmassy I also picked up these
elegant touch nails you guys know how
much I love elegant touch and their
Christmas ones so obviously I was going
to give these a try this is what they
look like up close very cute so I'm
gonna be putting some of those on whilst
I use my Christmas pudding phone whilst
I'm wearing Christmas pajamas okay now
on to how see things which I am super
excited about because there are so many
amazing places that do amazing Christmas
things yes this year firstly you guys
may have already seen on my vlog channel
a couple of months ago in fact I think
it was September where I showed you all
the baubles that I bought from John
Lewis I'll leave the link to that video
in the description box in case you want
to go over and see because I basically
unwrapped all my Christmas decorations
for my main Christmas tree so you can go
on over and see that for all of those so
John Lewis has some incredible things in
right now but also I have some really
lovely things from other places too the
first is Marks and Spencer they have
some incredible things in I've got this
cushion which is a little embroidered
form and it is just gorgeous this is
currently sitting on mine and Alfie's
bed with a Marks and Spencer tartan
bedding and I am in love I love it so
much I just I I don't know I really like
it
another thing I picked up from Martin
Marks and Spencer is this which is a
little plaque and it says it's the most
wonderful time of the year and it just
looks like a little chalkboard and I
really like this so I have that hanging
up in this room actually just in case
you didn't think this room could get any
more festive behind the camera it does
next Oh golly next is just amazing right
now
I say this every year but next do some
really lovely Christmasy bits for the
home they do lovely home stuff anyway
but when it comes to Christmas I feel
like they really go the extra mile um
baubles from next are such good value
for money and just amazing um choice so
all the bubbles that you see on this
Christmas tree are from next and I also
have this set which is kind of like
copper rose gold gold silver and black
and I just think this is a really lovely
set of baubles and this basically will
do an entire tree and it's only 10
pounds like how good is that
and there are lovely size - and some are
glittery some aren't let me just zoom in
for you there you go um so I'm putting
these on my kitchen Christmas tree I
know I do have a kitchen Christmas tree
they also have this which kind of goes
with it and it's a star darlin so you've
got a copper one a gold one and a matte
black one I love it and incorporated
black into this I just think it's very
cool and that was only ten pounds as
well there's lots more on the back and
then if you want slightly bigger ball
balls to go alongside the smaller ones
because I think it's quite nice to mix
it up which is what I did do on this
tree there's this one which is a set of
20 shatterproof and about six pounds
that is six pounds for twenty baubles
and again they tie in with the smaller
one so you've got bitter II black this
kind of like dull down taupey color
shiny silvery gold a really cool at
geometric a copper and then a kind of
matte effect copper and I just really
like those they have lots of different
color schemes I think they have silver
and red and then they have these ones
which is kind of like
Payne gold silver and a very very light
lilac which i think is so pretty but for
those of you who might be a bit like oh
I don't know where to get my board was
from I don't have much to spend and I
don't know what kind of color scheme I
want to go for check next out because I
feel like they've kind of made it really
easy
another thing I've got from next which I
am completely obsessed with I feel like
this is one of my favorite Christmas
items like the whole year and it is this
Christmas mug from next it's like the
cutest little Santa face and he has a
hat so you can put your hot chocolate or
your tea or your coffee in here and then
pop his hat on to keep it warm how cute
is that look at him he's just so cute
anyone I'd given a cup of tea to in this
mug has been like where did you get this
from because I think you can buy him on
his own but it did come in a little set
so you get with it a little cereal bowl
which is adorable again with his little
face on the side and you also get a
little plate so you can just imagine
having breakfast you've got your little
cross on on the plate a little bit of
cereal in the bowl and your cup of tea
or your hot chocolate in the mug and
you're good to go another thing that I'm
doing this year with Alfie's family is
we're all doing stockings so basically
there's seven of us and we're all
hanging our stockings up on the
fireplace and then were each buying
little bits and pieces to put in each
stocking at night so obviously just
before bed we fill all the stockings and
then when we come down in the morning
I'm stocking whoa which is something we
haven't done before we normally just do
like general presence but we thought
it'd be fun just to do some like smaller
kind of stocking ciliary type presents
but I was really struggling to find
stockings that were a big enough and
being that there were enough for all of
us but also see that
they looked pretty traditional and I
found bees I think these were on the
Selfridges website but they were about
14 pounds which i think is really good
for the sort of stocking that it is and
the size so it's just literally a big
red fluffy stocking with fluffy bit here
and one of these so we've all got one of
these and I'm going to use iron-on
letters just to put our names on here in
gold and I already have those so I just
need to get my butt in gear and iron
them on but they're just a really good
size you don't want any of those smaller
ones where you can literally only put
two presents in it although it isn't
about the amount of presence that you
get is there's seven of us giving seven
presents or possibly more I don't really
know so I thought it would be better to
go for something a bit bigger so that so
there's a bit more room you don't know
whether people are going to go for like
big presents or small presents you just
you never know and this just says
premier deluxe stocking but I think I
got that from Selfridges website so if
you're after a big stocking like that
then check them out the last thing I got
was something I had on my list probably
at the start of the year because I found
out that quite a lot of people do this
mostly in America I think but I do know
a couple of people who do this here in
the UK and I was like I want to do that
that sounds incredible and you always
see it in the films and I just never
thought that I would be able to do it I
don't know why so this year I decided I
wanted a train to go around the bottom
of my Christmas tree um so when I was in
the garden center literally a couple of
months ago actually I saw this and I was
like it's a Christmas train and it says
it's battery-operated it has working
headlights and it has a realistic train
sound who doesn't want that running
around and eat a Christmas tree so I
feel like it could be one of those
novelty things that wears off and that
we never turn it on but I also want to
at least try I want to have a Christmas
I want to have a train running around my
Christmas tree because why not and this
only 15 pounds from the garden center
and the make is like double coin I think
but you make up the train tracks and
then you set the train around it and I
just thought that would kind of add
another exciting element to us
decorating our tree because once the
tree is done we can then add the Train
and it will literally just look so cute
or it will be really annoying and Nollan
will destroy it either way I wanted a
fricking train and I found a freaking
train you might also be able to see the
bedding in the background this bedding
I'm going to be doing a proper like home
tour which I don't know if will be up by
the time you watch this I don't think so
but it will be coming soon if not where
I kind of talk a little bit more about
where all these bits and pieces are from
but the bed sheets are from Asda and
they were 14 pounds for a king-size set
which i think is amazing and a lot of
the cushions on here are also from Asda
and a couple are also from Marks and
Spencer so there's a lot of really
amazing kind of places that you guys
should go and check out Christmas stuff
I really don't think you need to have a
huge budget in order to kind of make
your surroundings feel a little bit more
festive it's completely up to you but I
love buying Christmas things so I really
hope you enjoyed this video give it a
thumbs up if you did do you know what
this looks like it reminds me of Honey I
Shrunk the Kids when they're flying on
the bee and then they fall into the
flower and then when they get up they've
got bits of pollen stuck on them that's
what I feel like I'm literally in
hunting I shot the kids right now I will
see you again tomorrow for another video
I love you very much and I can't wait to
see all your Christmas hauls to be
honest bye there's something about Nara
in a turtleneck that just makes me love
so much it says Merry Christmas and it's
got a little bell on it aren't you so
cute are you so cute is that not the
best thing you've ever seen in
your life it's like Christmases vomited
on you and you're loving it
