hello everybody welcome to day two of 24
days of zoella if any of you were
wondering yesterday Zoey why on earth
have you uploaded a video on a Tuesday
and you're really super confused because
you haven't seen me tweeting about it or
you didn't see my previous videos then
um quickly sum it up for you
I'm doing a video every single day from
the first which was yesterday until the
24th which is the day before Christmas
Day here on this channel I'm also going
to be filming every single day of my
life
kind of you know Oh waking up filming
breakfast other Christmassy activities
and things that are happening through
December over on my second channel which
I will leave in the description box so
for any of you that I've clicked on and
gone oh that's weird
Zoey's uploaded a video on Tuesday why
is she done that maybe it was an
accident oh my goodness use that road
another one on Wednesday what's going on
this is what's happening so I hope
you're super excited one vital thing
that I think most people need through
December noisy mode especially our
Christmas time is a festive jumper you
are going to be noticing me wearing a
lot of festive jumpers through this
video because I decided I would wear a
different one for every single day but I
have to say it has been really fun
finding the best Christmas jumpers so in
this video I'm basically getting a few a
rundown of all the Christmas jumpers
that I've managed to find which I think
you guys would really love there's kind
of something for everybody really I'm
not going to show you every single one
because then we would be here all day
and you're going to see them throughout
all the videos anyway but I just wanted
to show you kind of a little selection I
say little although I did actually find
it really hard trying to pick someone's
out to show you but I'm going to show
you a couple of the ones I picked up and
where I got them from in case any of you
are looking for the perfect Christmas
jumper feel like there are certain
categories around Christmas jumpers
you've got I have Christmas a whole lot
and I want the tackiest most out there
Christmas jumper I can possibly
mind then you've got yeah I really like
Christmas I might wear one that's
slightly festive five days before
Christmas on Christmas Day then you've
got people who are like hmm I want to
wear a Christmas jumper but I hate
Christmas jumpers so I feel like I've
kind of covered all areas this is going
to be really hard for me to narrow these
down and tell you that the first one I'm
just going to show it to you because
I've got it here in my lap it's actually
proving to be a favourite of mine and it
is this one from next which is covered
in stripes of tinsel which is basically
like a massive Christmas tree has
pom-poms coming off of it in white and
red and a little candy canes on it and
it's like a giant Christmas tree but I
love it this next one is from Primark
and I feel like this is up there with
one of my faves purely because of the
hood and it's this one and it's
basically an elf outfit and you've got
the little wooden buttons down it and
you've got this kind of yellow stitching
around the neck but stuff hood is big
and long and striped and pointed with a
massive spell on the end that won't get
annoying which is why I absolutely love
it look at it it's so cute so that's
where everyone who wants to really set
in an alpha Christmas time this next one
I also love a lot this one is from next
and this is what it looks like it was
actually in the men's section massive
tip there are a lot of really great
jumpers in the men's section and it
doesn't really matter because I think
the knees you can kind of wear any size
Christmas jumper and it looks fine so
this is actually in the men's and this
is a small but it has actual flashing
multicolored Christmas lights which does
also make it up there with one of my top
one of my top 3 I think it's like so
Christmassy so yeah
and then it has just lots of Christmassy
things on it it's got hohoho Christmas
trees ball-ball snowflakes it's just
amazing similarly I have this one which
is from Primark I love how these are all
jingling gained this is from the men's
section and it has father Christmas on
his sleigh with a reindeer that has
bells and little houses with lights on
inside them and father Christmas has
lights around his sleigh and is that not
the best thing you've ever seen in your
life it's like Christmases vomited on
you and you're loving it it's just got
everything you could ever want it's got
bells
you've got lights the bath and it's cozy
too this one is from ASOS and I really
like this one because it kind of
reminded me of if you were to go skiing
it has that kind of 80s vibe about it
with the kind of polo neck but look at
it I really like this one like I don't
necessarily think this is just for
Christmas either it's very like I don't
know it just kind of reminded me of kind
of 80s ski wear and I really like that I
think that's quite cool it's quite like
classic Christmas and this was from ASOS
this next one I feel like is quite
classic quite traditional it's not it's
not really kind of like a known as like
a tacky Christmas jumper and this is
actually from TK Maxx is by a brand
called Arabella Addison and it's this
one and it's just red with really lovely
pattern on it with reindeers and a
Christmas tree and I feel like this is
just quite a nice classic Christmas
jumper and it's really really soft as
well so I really like this one I love
how I'm actually being serious in a haul
for Christmas jumpers right now another
one from Asus is this one this one is
slightly longer and it is so soft and
it's red and chunking it and it says
this girl loves Sun
because she does and this one is so cozy
in my love it looks lovely with a red
lip and for those of you that love
Christmas but don't love love Christmas
I feel like this is a good alternative
so this one I got off of a sauce and it
says pieced off haha get it get it this
is so chunky and warm and it's just
black and cream so it's nothing to kind
of in your face and it just has that
little nod to Christmas which I quite
like
this next one is also from a sauce is by
the brand fashion Union and it's just a
very thin soft jumper and it just has a
lovely sequin Christmas tree on it but I
felt like this one was a little bit more
sophisticated because you know you can
tuck it into a skirt you could wear it
with jeans and have like something else
over the top like it doesn't necessarily
like scream Christmas unless you kind of
are flashing it around and lights and
then you're kind of like Oh sequins but
um I just really liked that one I just
felt like it was a little bit more like
sophisticated Christmas then you've got
this one which i think is quite playful
um and it's from ASOS and it's kind of
like a big black baggage jumper but it
has these amazing big kind of fluffy
snowballs just stuck to it I like 3d
snow balls and I just really like this
one I think it's so fun and it's not
necessarily Christmassy you know you
could wear that through winter but I
really liked that I feel that was
something a little bit different this
one you may have already seen me wearing
quite a lot because it doesn't seem
traditionally Christmasy it has all the
Christmasy colors and it has a little
bit of check on it but then you look at
the elbows oh and there's a sneaky
little Christmas tree so you could be
like someone could go you're not wearing
your Christmas jumper you could be like
yes I am normal everywhere else and
Christmas on the elbows which I quite
like because it's just got that little
nod
Christmas plus it's also very cozy and
very warm this last one I thought was
really funny so the people that hate
everything that Christmas jumpers are
about there's this one this is my
Christmas jumper the most basic
unchristian PO you can find I think it's
quite funny I'm definitely gonna be
wearing this even though this is not my
only Christmas jumper and we all know
that now that we've watched this video
but I just thought for any of you that
don't like to wear the kind of garish
tacky Christmas jumpers there is always
this and this is just as great so those
are most of my Christmas jumpers that I
have picked up basically over the past
month or so I love to see pictures of
you guys in your most festive Christmas
jumper so make sure you tweet me at 0 on
Twitter and also tag me on instagram my
instagram is the same is at Zozi bow so
i can go through and see who has the
best Christmas jumper to be honest I am
all about the lights the music
everything in fact I have one that plays
music which one place is it oh
definitely oh this one I missed this one
so this is a Primark number Primark has
some great ones in do I want to press
this
you imagine trying to have a
conversation with somebody at Christmas
party and that's going off I would love
to see the Christmas jumper that you are
most proud of that you wear every year
that everyone says that is a great
Christmas jumper so please please please
tag me I'm going to be going through the
going through my tags and my tweets this
evening and checking those out if you
have yet to buy one I hope this has
given you a little bit of inspiration
and don't forget to give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it make sure to
come back to this channel tomorrow at
the same time for another video and also
to be checking out my second channel for
daily vlogs or vlogmas and i'll see you
again tomorrow
bye guys look at this little Christmas
cutie there we go
this is Nana's Christmas outfit
