everybody and welcome to day one of 24
days of zoella I am very excited to get
started the first video I am going to be
doing is a November favorites because
it's that time of the month again where
we discuss all the things I've been
loving and this month there are a lot of
festive treats in store so it is a very
fitting video to start with I also have
a lot of things to go through so I'm
going to try not to ramble too much even
though we all know that that is
literally all I'm good at I'm rambling
about rambling let's just start shall we
okay so I have a real mixture of makeup
and beauty and random bits and pieces so
I'm going to get started the first thing
I've been absolutely obsessed with along
with many other Beauty enthusiasts is
the hourglass ambient lighting edit full
of the most amazing things you've ever
seen just look at it it's absolutely
beautiful it has three different
highlighters and these are also
highlighters but they're kind of more on
the blush or bronzer side and it
includes six different shades they're
all really beautiful the ones I've been
using the most are probably these three
beautiful on the cheekbones a really
really lovely palette this would make a
really great Christmas present actually
if you know somebody who really really
likes their makeup this is just
beautiful and as you can see like all
the grubby little fingerprints I've been
using it a lot the next thing I'm going
to talk about is this it's the Clarins
instant light lip comfort oil very hard
to read this is gorgeous this arrived in
my PA box with a little press release
that said that it were it was a limited
edition
I brought it back permanently because so
many people kicked up a fuss when it was
gone and they wanted it back so Clarins
listened and they brought it back and
because of that I was like ooh this must
be a really lovely product like if
everyone kind of got a bit annoyed about
the fact that it disappeared and now I
can completely see why that may have
happened
this is gorgeous I've
being using this in place of my
Elizabeth Arden eight hour cream and it
just makes my lips feel so moisturized
and lovely and it gives off a really
gorgeous shine on the lips which looks
kind of like a lip gloss but you feel
like it's actually doing something to
your lips instead of ultimately drying
them out I love the scent it's not too
strong it's a very delicate kind of
sweet kind of scent um but it's perfect
absolutely perfect I really like it it
kind of looks like honey and has the
texture of honey I was about to put this
on my lips then I'm so valid in it
because we would have had red all over
this the applicator as well is is like
no other dope applicator I've ever used
it's really quite wide but it also
spends slightly and I think this is one
of the reasons I really enjoy this
because it's nice to apply it doesn't
feel too hard it feels very cushioning
it's like a real treat for the lips and
I've been applying this whenever I
haven't had any other lip product on my
lips I've just been applying this like
religiously and I really really like it
they also have one with a teeny tiny
little pink tint to it and I also really
like that one as well but this one I
just love a little bit more because it's
clear it looks really shiny and it makes
your lips look and feel really healthy
so this is this is basically when you
obsession I absolutely love it
the next thing I've been wearing a lot
and you will see throughout these videos
that I will have a red lip quite a lot
of the time I feel like red lips are
very festive I also own a lot of red
lipsticks and I love red lipstick all
year round but I feel like Christmas is
the perfect time to kind of dawn a red
lip permanently um
so another lip color that I have been
absolutely obsessed with alongside my
classic room or 107 is this one which is
the NARS
dragongirl Velvet Matte lip pencil I
love this color a lot it glides on
really lovely the consistency feels nice
the pigmentation is amazing and it lasts
really really well
it also doesn't bleed
much which I really like the only little
tiny thing I don't like about this
although it is in my favorites because
it ultimately I love it but there's only
one small downside to this and that's if
you put the lid on quite quickly
it sort of springs back up because the
air inside gets trapped which has
resulted in a few cases of lid escaping
in handbag which is devastating for both
the lining of the handbag and the lip
product so that's the only little thing
I'm kind of like a bit worried about
with it but I just have to make sure
I've got it in a little sippy bag inside
my actual bag and it's fine but you just
can't put the lid on too quickly or
otherwise it kind of flies off that's
okay though I can live with that so the
next thing is a color pop cream gel
color so I've been using these as an
eyeshadow base they are incredible you
guys know how much I love color pop I
think they're an American brand but they
just really specialize in getting color
right I feel like like the pigmentation
of their products is like nothing I've
ever experienced I really recommend them
both lips eyes everything and these are
little gel pots which I suppose you
could use for liner or you could put all
over your eyelid I've been putting it
all over the best way to apply these is
with your finger I've tried both I've
tried with a brush and with my finger
they just give off this really gorgeous
metallic e color and I am just obsessed
with them they also have the most
amazing color range I now have a lot of
these in my makeup collection but I just
I really really like the quality of them
and the pigmentation is honestly like
nothing I've ever experienced so if you
guys know where to get ahold of
colour-pop from give it a go try it out
you will not be disappointed what can I
say this next thing I also receive this
month obviously for those of you who
don't know it might sound a bit strange
I'm like I resent this I will send this
I'm sure all of you know by now but
because of my youtube and my blog a lot
of companies do send me new product
releases which I'm so grateful for
every time I get my PA box it's
literally like Christmas in this house
so the other thing that was said to my
PA box which I am obsessed with is this
palette which is the Urban Decay de quoi
Urban Decay the Urban Decay Gwen Stefani
palette which came out this month or
last month as you're watching this so I
was really excited by this however
before I opened it I did think it would
be quite vibrant you know she's quite um
adventurous and confident with different
makeup looks so I did think this might
not be a palette that was completely up
my street I was completely wrong it is
beautiful it has so many gorgeous
wearable shades that I have been wearing
pretty much every day of November the
only two shade that have slightly
struggled with are the pink one and the
blue one but everything else I just
absolutely love there is a good
selection of shimmer shades and matte
shades and I feel like around this time
of year when a lot of people are kind of
opting for a red lip or a slightly more
bold color on the lip a lovely neutral
eye is exactly what you need and I think
this palette offers you so many
different options
the last semi Beauty item is this which
is the soap & Glory sugar crush hand
cleansing gel I love antibacterial hang
hand gels and things always go to throw
in your handbag I have quite the
selection especially since I became a
little bit obsessed with Bath and Body
Works I have so many of those because
they have such a great variety and over
here in the UK we don't really have too
much choice when it comes to
antibacterial hand gel soap & Glory also
have another one which is their kind of
more traditional scent and I do like
that but not as much as the Bath & Body
Works ones because that isn't my
favorite soap and Rory sent my favorite
soap & Glory scent however is this one
so you can imagine the joy I felt when I
received this I was like the sugar crush
scent smells like lime and brown sugar
and
thing amazing and yes slightly summery
but also I'm not opposed to a sense that
is amazing through a time where it's not
so sunny but I have really been loving
if you haven't smelt this yet go and
smell it you will love it
moving on to slightly more random thing
and this month has seen a rise in me
drinking flavored tea because it's been
so cold out in fact literally last week
the temperature dropped from like 15 to
3 so all of a sudden I was like oh yep
it's definitely cold now so I've been
drinking a lot more flavored tea and to
that I have been reaching for the most
on these so the first one is tea pigs
and it's minty fresh
naturally caffeine free peppermint
leaves this is my favorite mint tea I
absolutely love this also alongside the
is it Marks and Spencer I think it might
be Marks and Spencer they do really
lovely um Moroccan mint tea I also love
that one but this one is quite a sweet
mint and I really really like that it's
like drinking candy canes and I've I
just try it if you if you're the sort of
person that doesn't like traditional
English tea try something else because
it's still lovely to drink these and
actually very beneficial for you so yeah
that one been loving I've also been
loving the Blue Bird tea company
gingerbread chai this again is little
tea bags that you just kind of leave in
the boiling water and it's just tastes
like Christmas in a cup and I'm obsessed
with it I love it and you need to try it
this next thing is kind of random but it
is me you're talking about so I'm never
going to have just ordinary things in a
favorite as it's really Christmas um
the shops are filled with basically
regular food that's been turned into the
shapes of Christmas trees and baubles
and stars and it's just branded
Christmassy however there are so there
are certain things that come out this
year which
every year which just makes me feel so
Christmassy and so festive and I have to
have them in my house because otherwise
it just doesn't feel like a proper
Christmas and the first thing is cheese
lips if you are not in the UK and you
don't have anything like this you are
seriously missing out you need to get
hold of some of these from somewhere
they are amazing they're basically tiny
little cheese crackers covered in cheesy
dust and I'm pretty sure of than a
favorites video where I've talked about
these before because me saying that has
just completely wrong about I have
haven't I
I must have I think I have someone find
it and prove me right I also have
twiglets and I also have mini Cheddar's
that are in the shapes of bubbles
alongside those snacks I've also been
loving other Christmassy treats which
are celebrations and roses these two are
actually my favourites they give you a
lovely mix of different sweet teas and
chocolates and to be honest it's just
not Christmas unless you've got these in
your house and whenever anyone comes
around I'm like ooh would you like a
celebration which like roses I'm not
gonna lie I do have the heroes and I
also have the quality Street I am going
to be putting on quite a bit of weight
over Christmas I should imagine and not
just me everyone who visits my house
start starting to see all the ones that
no one likes though and that's never
good now we've got the food out the way
I have three more random things the
first thing this is kind of random and
it's not related to Christmas at all
which might shock you slightly um I was
in TK Maxx
and recently I've had a really really
bad back I feel like it was from doing
all the book signings plus signing all
the pre-orders I feel like it's just
caught up with me and I've been like
waking up in middle of night in such bad
pain just along here basically my back
is just ruined ruined my back but it's
ok it was worth it so I basically need
to pick myself a massage but I'm too
busy and I don't have time to go home
so when we were in TK Maxx um Alfie
actually found these and there were two
of them they look like a dog ball and
Nala has been kind of confused and
trying to play with it um but it's a
massage ball and you can just kind of
roll this around your body or on the
bottoms of your feet
my mum was showing me like if you roll
them all the bottoms of your feet it
feels amazing or if you get this on a
wall and you kind of just press up
against the wall and roll the ball
around where your back is hurting or
where you've got knots or if you've got
a lot of tension um I just found this a
lifesaver
I used to use not as little tiny dog toy
tennis balls but now I have reverted to
an actual massage ball and it's it's
just such a good investment if any of
you feel like you have a lot of tension
or you store your stress here or you
work on a laptop quite a lot I feel like
most youtubers and bloggers watching
this I will at some point be told that
they need to have regular massages I
actually have been told so many times I
should be having one a week because I'm
constantly like this so I feel like
everyone should have one of these this
next thing was bought in next I bought a
lot of all my Christmas stuff from next
because I just think this year they
really got it right I feel like they do
most years when it comes to Christmas
they have such amazing decor and always
things I love but when I went in there
the other week I was hit with the smell
of Christmas and I was like what is that
candle I need it and then I worked out
it was actually a reed diffuser and it
just smells of Christmas and it smells
amazing
so I wanted to put it in my favorites
because I currently have three of these
dotted around my house my zoella Beauty
ones have taken a little step back and
Isaac and I replaced them with next ones
I'm such a good promoter and wearing
products
it just kind of smells like that
traditional cinnamony quite heavy on the
orange and clove kind of smell and
because it's a reed diffuser it really
goes far and you don't have to be
burning a candle kind of 24/7 to have
that amazing smell in your house so I
have bought three of these I've got one
in my bedroom and two dotted around
downstairs and I just thought I would
let you know because they're really
great and this is currently what my
house smells like although the other day
Alby did get into bed and said why is
our room smell like vomit and I was like
oh no I think he might mean the reed
diffuser in which case I mean I don't
think it's mother from it okay and if my
little puppy cooperates here the last
thing I have really been enjoying I am
going to say it before I try and lift
her up is TK Maxx and home scents for
Christmas doggie clothes I get really
carried away when it comes to my own
dresses and environment when it comes to
Christmas and that is obviously going to
rub off on my dog and I have bought her
a couple of very cute outfits in fact a
lot of you guys were very generous at my
book signing and gave me a couple of
really lovely little Christmas Nala
outfits as well I have said this before
but I'm just going to say it again in
case you missed it but not actually
really enjoys wearing clothes I think
it's because she knows she's the center
of attention and I think it's because it
feels like she's just being permanently
hugged she's actually a better behaved
dog in clothing that sounds ridiculous
but I've spoken to a lot of people who
say this something you've said the same
thing about their dog so at least I know
that's a normal thing so I have picked
up a couple of very cute Christmas the
outfits and home scents and TK Maxx have
so many great ones like honestly you
need to go in there like they even just
have the most adorable little Christmas
hats like everything so I bought a
couple of those which I'm sure you'll
see throughout vlogmas and probably on
my Instagram but I just wanted to show
you one of the outfits that I did get
her because it's so cute
look at this little Christmas cutie
there we go
this is Nonna's Christmas outfit it's so
cute it's got a little belt and it's
like a little Christmas dress but it's
got a cape and it's just the best thing
I've ever seen
look how content she is in clothes I
think it's because we popped her in
those jackets when she was little at
getting out I don't leave that on her
just put it on for shorts mom's toy okay
so that is everything I've been loving
through November hope you guys enjoyed
the video don't forget to give it a
thumbs up if you did and make sure you
are subscribed to my second channel I
will leave a link in the description box
right at the top because as of tomorrow
there will be a vlog every single day up
until the 25th which is Christmas Day
I'm so excited for you guys to see all
of these videos that I have for you and
yeah this is day one day one done hope
you enjoyed it and yeah make sure to
subscribe make sure you're back here
tomorrow at the same time and I will see
you then
bye
