no Jo you shut your eyes no it's just I
need to blink make your eyes wide open
impossible hope you but you're not used
oh I'm trying no you're right you need
to do it help
hello everybody welcome back to my
channel if you are new here you might
not know that this is my brother Joe he
also has a channel thatcherjoe you
should follow it it's really great
subscribers a right turn subscribe sorry
not follow subscribe me Joe have done
this thing now since 2013 so it's been
the grinch one I think oh yeah was your
eyeball oh yeah I've got contacts in
we've done that already but close in the
last videos but any other video where
I'll use contact lenses we must have
been lost and it takes about fourteen
fourteen thousand attempts and it wasn't
again like paint in it ice cream
it ruins the makeup so we've done the
contact lenses already actually
surprising you didn't really I did first
one both time really well I did attempt
to but let's not go down so well at all
so Joe's done them yeah you may already
guess but today I am gonna be turning
Joe into none other than anyone who's
the clown he's like proper decked out
its the fool it's really all works if I
can find it I will link it below but
there are a lot of great costumes on
eBay alternatively I reckon you could
attempt to make something similar if you
bought some like ruffles or like you
yeah like there are definitely other
ways that you can make this costume but
it's not a costume that we're going to
make today
what we're gonna try and do is make Jo
scary AF yeah I'm excited I've watched
the film obviously filming amazing
my name is good and I the thing is I'm
not scared of clowns neither why I love
this game what as Pennywise the clown
I'm not scared I can do a good
impression them as well I'm just going
to remind any of you that might have
clicked this video who don't normally
watch our videos I am NOT a special
effects makeup artist and Jo is recessed
we just do this before I have no idea
what I'm doing
come back anyway guys things first you
want to whack this bald cap on anyway
I'm not sure which way our students like
it smell of the ferret enclosure only be
careful the goo is took you behind my
ears so you'll come ahead I can hit it
hair cutting Jill you cut my hair and
you cut my ear remember then you can t
stop me you all feel this is you've got
to feel it
your feel to believe it you think a
massive role I've got more
we're gonna stuff is the new Pennywise
need a picture of him I've got 100
McQueen Jimmy I was looking at that I
need to build up your head underneath
the bald cap
yeah oh I don't know how skin a word to
me trust me okay this is how you did in
the actual film okay I need to flatten
these two balls that's better
and I've made this really like bulbous
bow got crackle melon
I say you should stack on top first and
wait wait back down it's hard to and
Pennywise dat dancing clown
don't touch it might come off like Timmy
from South Park tomorrow right having up
the head no feels so weird
I'm gonna get the only liquid latex out
oh no dad Zoey for peace say you smell
it already
okay everybody was no doing your soap
scum my earlobe like that they my tears
can flop it'll go to so many years ago I
said don't cut anymore it was already
perfect then why you still stop please
be careful zone just to normal siblings
shooting at home I also need to put
stick your eyebrows what I need to put
stick your eyebrows tell me what we do
what you doing
so for high because I need to get rid of
them and this gets rid of them oh why I
wrote my main feature I need to get rid
of there you should please oh my god
lose him though yeah they'll come off
but it's alright
serious run into a scroll nothing mom
it's funny to talk the a level of sis
look at me
what's his fault I'm making your nose
bigger it's a stink
oh my god wait stop Enzo take a breath
take a breath okay go oh so he did say
take a breath
let's do right now ah don't touch that
okay
I'm not touching any of it I hate this
little fibers up down my nose pipe
that's just what you're imagining none
of got in your nose you do this every
time
wait okay okay oh there's some bows yeah
I'm trying my nice was huge
okay I'm gonna do a little bit you go
crayon Brown for me as well I can do
that with makeup
variants a paint up over the phone you
up in time for a second I'm gonna build
up your head on top of the volcano I
need a wee are you doing okay for that
water's really going through why would
you do that
12:04 I'm gonna like tell it's awful
make it like smooth make it Ernest Mays
head down a bit I'm working with a lot
of head right now careful Oh
oh my god one thing right about me is is
you're I'm a real yeah I'm a real air
person I love to play with my own ears I
might use my favourite part my body
you're weird
don't leave me
Jamie color yeah gimme color although
this I feel like can be done quite a
slap - yeah but also as the texture just
break your scissors oh I can't laughs my
head will fall off isn't like anything
I've got clueless shower cap on that's
cool
swing cap yeah bowl cap I can't feel
anything I feel like I've built your
head up enough now oh no not yet I got a
nose makeup Oh cream maker cream that's
dip 3 that's what yes you need to be
white so why is think cream is what was
a good time for different way
goodnight my mouth really kind of
eyebrows so oh my god McCarthy era
wonder the commune man I'm the moon man
waiting in the sky everybody
but that guy I think such a good is
anything about they're making horror
movies that want me to play the monster
in it I'm work for it even if I like
indie movies
and thinking like that let me know I'm
so keen to play like the monster in a
film Joe does have the creepiest like I
can do the voices I can make the
movement I just want to be a monster in
a film and love that
well you gotta do my ear and then push
through my mouth afterwards okay it's
all the same holes do you think you look
scary right now I can't see myself
I think you look scary right now your
skin looks weird but now I feel like his
skin probably looks like this anyway I'm
just gonna keep doing layers until I'm
happy with it
layers augers half-lives
augers have there's creepy clowns have
layers now put our eyeball very hard
it's the brush it's really like yeah
well I've went back my bloody head I
can't remember clothes what blind Joe
hey have a guess who doesn't like
anything scary at all
Tanya yeah she ain't gonna watch this
darling you're watching this I would be
very surprised
hi John I'm coming for you doh she won't
have nightmares for like two weeks
no one tweet her this what are your
plans Halloween Joe I don't know I've
been a bunch of few pies so my go-to
then I invited you here
did you yeah but you said yeah well I'll
do it if nothing cooler comes out I've
been a lot of cool things yeah
I'm taking you're not they usually let
me know in advance not like to say that
as you do it I didn't I didn't let you
know Bobby knows a split second between
the two oh it's all feeling pretty dark
now there is always what's feeling dark
Eloise I can't see a fucking thing
because there shit
oh yeah that's support there's good
point I'm scary look she just talking to
your friend no I'm not never filled with
your brother
it was the intricate bit Zoe steady
steady
don't mess this up it's very important
this is I'm sorry day messes up you got
this probably get going well then come
on you got this lovely scary spooky
lines nice few old chicks biggie lives
lovely I don't think Jonah's like penny
wise you don't think it's the heaviest a
big piece of it
and the red noise yeah a red nose red
nose in this bitch the smile isn't
meeting a boy difference yeah and the
mouth lady still your saw them well so
you don't worry about it
yeah well let's be honest even this bet
in the pumpkin from last year is it yes
the nose we don't want to mess this up
Siri how do I do this knows so much
about them says don't push too hard
notice I thought you might fall off I
was gonna say I'm really happy with this
noise I think this is the best prospect
ik element body part I've done
Hey look at me yeah that's good I guess
yeah I'll tell you what if you actually
look quite freaky I feel like I'm not
breathing
you're very nervous I'm not it's like
you're painting a brand new Warhammer I
feel like you're gonna like this on the
back
yeah yeah each other yeah yeah can you
see that oh sorry
as a clown Belle as a clown but I'm
penny wise de bourbon clown I thought
it's crappy like penny wise wig hey come
on that's your original penny wise a
dancing clown wig it is but what I'm
gonna do is cut this hair off and glue
it down yourself how you know glue it
I'm gonna use the glue alcohol you got
blue pink glow fix gel well that would
look I don't know Deverell you do that
okay fair enough
so like that could be the V do you see
what I mean
oh oh just Karl
oh you felt that this is so much fun
honestly holy breath before you hold
your breath
is what it won't stay on your freaking
head is because I'm gonna be evil in
Excel like his hair is like that yeah
that's what his hairs like if I can't
move am I gonna get
is he gonna fall off potentially okay is
gonna have to do are saying I do want to
fix your eyebrows oh poor Pennywise no
wonder you wanted to kill all these
children because he's so bored in her
makeup so about five hours you don't
look like you okay so I bought these
online which are like scary teeth which
turn then that will look hideous
yeah I also bought I also molded these
with Jo I do kind of want to see if we
can make what each one looks like
basically I'll paint in the right color
yeah do you have the right colors
bellezza curb I'm gonna use a eye shadow
I think my key to inside the Harry
Potter or someone oh maybe we could do
that like Dobby I retained that please
delete a Dobby from Harry Potter gone
and we get let me get revenge finally
guys want to see me turn Zoey to Dobby
from Harry Potter
gives video a thumbs up keep it me let
me just let them dry a bit
I need to clean them now cuz they're
covered in red can you see that I think
they work better
okay guys I think I'm done Alfie don't
see Joe
the grand reveal oh let me do it get rid
of what my like breathing in spray
painter LP you know that soon he'll he
can't delete it yes we are done I feel
like I didn't breathe in that video but
I'm really pleased with it
Oh actually think you look terrifying
I've got my little Georgie raincoat on
on my little red balloon do you like it
oh hey anything I don't know if this is
one of my favorite ones I've done what
do you think I'll be this is the best
running time D thing yeah
I really like you guys if you think this
looks quite good
please give it a thumbs up and always
let me know what you want me to turn Joe
into next Joe don't worry it's gone so
we'll just send this with me and
Pennywise thanks so much for watching
guys and I'll see you soon
