hello everybody I have had a super busy
week as you can imagine in the last
video I said I'm going to be doing 24
videos on this channel from the first of
December to the 25th of December so 24
yeah that's right I said 24 right yeah I
did
that means I'm having to film and edit a
lot of videos so I apologize that this
is going off on a Monday I said of a
Sunday but busy week very busy week I've
decided the hashtag I want to use is 24
days of zoella there is gonna be a lot
of new content as I said here on this
channel but also on my vlogging channel
on my second channel as there is going
to be vlogmas also every day up to
Christmas Day although vlogmas actually
technically starts on the second because
you feel on the first and you update of
a second so from the 2nd of December
onwards vlogmas I've also decided that
next Sunday there will be 0 video non
nada zilch
no video next Sunday because two days
after that all the videos starts so I
just kind of felt like I would leave it
a little bit make you miss me you know
make you really want it because I mean
or just because I want to kind of make
you a bit more excited either way that's
what's happening but also because I have
so many videos to film and so many
videos to edit I honestly don't think I
could squish one more in for next Sunday
so that is what is gonna happen
for today's video I want to do something
kind of cash but also something I've
never done before but I'm kind of like
why have I never done this before
because it makes perfect sense you guys
know how much I love baking I like to
bake most the time to be honest I don't
film it because it's kind of like my
downtime it's a hobby that I have and I
really really enjoy it if any of you do
watch my vlogs you'll know I make a
little bit more on those I'm kind of
like film or my like
handycam handicap is that what they
called it in like the 90s or something
um I went out and I bought some things
for baking to be honest anywhere I go
I'm on the lookout for baking bits and
pieces because things like sprinkles and
cupcake cases just kind of add to my
collection I do have a baking cupboard
in my kitchen
much too Alfie's absolute dismay there's
a lot of things in there there's a lot
of cute bits and pieces I don't want to
do like a baking cupboard tour here is
my making covered I mean it's not that
big it's not like a huge pantry you know
not walk into and it looks like you're
in Willy Wonka's chocolate factory but
it is kind of cool
like I think anyway I would like to see
other people's baking cupboards so let
me know if that's something that you
want to see whether that's on this
channel or just kind of on my second
channel which be honest it's not going
to be a very long video so these are
some of the bits and pieces I picked up
I will kind of give you a rundown of the
places I bought them but to be honest
the best places that you're going to
find baking things are HomeSense TK Maxx
and Lakeland because those three places
just have everything you'll ever need to
be honest so I picked this up this is a
maryberry large palette knife perfect
for icing big cakes use the icing smooth
on the top um to be honest it's good for
a lot of things I feel like a palette
knife has many uses and I didn't have
one this big so I picked up a trusty big
one I actually have the small maryberry
pink one and now I've got the matching
bigger blue one I'm planning on doing a
super cool Christmas cake that isn't
like traditional Christmas cake and that
is what I plan to use it for the next
thing I got was from home scents because
they have so much stuff like this it's
just if you're moving house or you need
to build on your kind of cooking such
baking utensils it's just the perfect
place to go so I picked this up which is
the microplane it's the bloody cheese
great is what it is
sit it's like a handheld one don't
stroke it stupid idea but it's really
good I mean I got this for grating
chocolate but also things like lemon and
ginger and you know anything to be
honest I just feel like a handheld grate
is brilliant brilliant I feel like
everyone needs one of these good thing
to have I don't know how I went so long
without one to be honest
next thing I picked up I feel like you
don't always need this but with layer
cakes and Victoria's sponges it does
come in very useful and it is a
adjustable cake wire so you use this to
either slice your cake in half perfectly
you know sometimes you're trying to hold
the cake you're trying to like you're
trying to use a knife that's not big
enough and it's got the wrong blade and
you're like oh god this is somehow going
to be split in two but I don't know how
this is the perfect thing it's also very
good for if you have an uneven cake and
you're creating a layer cake it's best
to have them really super flat so you
can kind of adjust this and scrape the
top off eat that bit keep the cake very
very symmetrical looking very cool when
you cut into it the layers look amazing
because they're all the same
etc etc so that is what I got that for
from an epic Christmas cake layers
layers all girls don't have waves onions
have layers that quote
also I'm not sure next thing I picked up
is a turntable this thing is literally a
turntable not this kind of turntable
though Saticoy turntable I don't know
I'm not a DJ so I wouldn't know this is
cool for when you're icing a cake
because you get your little pallet knife
here oh that's enough you get your
pallet knife you put your cake on it and
instead of trying to go around like this
you can spin it while you ice it you
know I mean like picture that picture a
cake on here Oh icing spinning perfect
voila it's not really necessary I feel
like you could just go round a cake or
spin a plate if you wanted to or I mean
this wasn't really that expensive to be
honest and it doesn't take up a lot of
room so if you make a lot of big cakes
by big cakes I mean just a normal cake
that's not an unlikely cupcake and you
like to ice around the whole thing that
is good for them buttercream especially
because that's always hard you want that
to be like neat you know okay so this
next thing is easy layers cake pan set
this is from Lakeland I tried to pull
this out to see them but I didn't I
wasn't able to put it back in for me
Oh little 6-inch pans and you can put
cake mixture in them and you can bake
them all at the same time s by so if you
can imagine lots and lots of these
baking in the oven at the same time
which is why they're perfect should be
honest and then you've got your layer
cake which you put on your turntable and
you ice it and it's done and that's why
I got these although to be honest you
can just use regular pan I just like
these because they're slightly smaller
so it's like a little cake I also picked
up this which is a Swiss roll tin and
that is because I wanted to make a
Christmas log at some point you have to
roll those and know that much so I felt
like I mean if this pan was was
specifically for this I thought maybe it
might work better but I haven't made one
in a really long time I made one with my
dad about seven years ago probably or
six years ago so it's been a while but I
do want to give it a go this Christmas
because it does taste amazing so that is
what I thought that for wish me luck
this next thing I got was um just in
case you suck at making gingerbread
houses I was like this is such a good
alternative for either if you don't have
the time or I don't know you prefer
chocolate to be honest and it's a
fairytale cottage mould which of course
doesn't need to be a fairytale cottage
mode it could literally be gingerbread
house oh okay so you can use this for
gingerbread or chocolate you can
basically use it for anything and it's a
very very cute little house but I did
think this would be so good if you make
a gingerbread house and it went really
wrong you could literally just put
melted chocolate in this and I feel like
although that could also go wrong
I feel like
as well look at this look at this cute
little mold what silicone looks like a
little beach heart let's not go down the
beach hut root we all know what happens
then I was in TK Maxx earlier and my
goodness
TK Maxx forward stroke HomeSense
have the best sprinkles I feel like here
in the UK like food dye isn't really in
anything unless it really has to be like
they really go down the kind of natural
coloring route whereas I feel like in
America they don't do that so much so
every now and then in-home sense or TK
Maxx you'll find things like from
America that are amazing and you're like
oh my god this just puts the British
sprinkles to absolute shame anyway this
is the first pot of sprinkles these are
so colorful and so amazing these would
be perfect for funfetti cupcakes because
they are really colorful got tiny little
like round ones in here stars strands
dinosaurs yeah dinosaurs I also love
that you can port like the little like
boring functionality of these very
impressed very impressed with those
$2.99 can't really go wrong that there's
so many in here as well really happy
with them the next ones are Fire Brand
Food Festival and they're called
snowflake sprinkles made in the USA
there we go okay so these were $1.99 and
they're just really cute blue strands
with white snowflakes they are adorable
I love them perfect for winter baking so
they were kind of like this it's like
stacked on top of each other and then
you can look look at this
you could buy loads and sack them all
and have a have like a Tower of
sprinkles which is my absolute dream and
they click on as well look and then they
unclick and they both have lids I just
think that's brilliant so these ones are
called jingle mix edible deck all these
are teeny tiny little hundreds and
thousands but they are all Christmassy
colors so red green white and I just
thought little perfect really really
good
for like little things like biscuits and
stuff and then these ones were super
adorable and perfect for a video I have
coming up in December and it is little
tiny gingerbread men I mean who doesn't
want little tiny gingerbread men
sprinkles
it's like perfect for this time of year
I absolutely love them so another thing
I picked up online I don't remember if
this was from eBay or website I can't
really remember but but oh my God my
voice and I have noticed so many people
use americolor it's basically a liquid
gel coloring that you can get in the US
but you cannot get here so I ordered a
pack of twelve and there's two of each
color so you've got electric green
you've got a electric blue electric
purple can you see where I'm going with
this electric pink electric orange and
electric yellow for rainbow cakes
because I just thought that would be
insane um they do give off a lot of
color they are really really strong
colorings and I think that's why I love
them so much
again here
okay you can get um we have them in what
as more of like a paste and they're
really amazing they're really good I
just wanted to try these because they
were liquid gel and I don't know if we
have a liquid gel here so um really
really recommend those if you do a lot
of cakes and baking and decorating with
bright colors this next thing was
actually a gift that was given to me at
my Brighton book signing by a really
lovely viewer and they are copper cups
like measuring cups and they are by
Jasper Conran and I just thought they
were too adorable not to show you and I
absolutely love them I found them so
useful also really birdy and just really
really lovely um so thank you so much I
ask that you love these they've gone
straight into my baking cupboard you'll
be pleased to know um oh yeah I just
thought I would pop those in there as
well
I don't we mostly use kind of grams when
we're baking but a lot of the recipes I
follow are also American recipes and
they use cuts and I mean you can get cut
measurements pretty much anywhere so you
may as well get some if you are ever out
shopping for baking stuff because you
know it's useful to have both I think
this next thing I actually picked up in
hobby craft because I was really
struggling to find this in any
supermarket and it is a free-range egg
white powder um the reason I wanted a
white powder is because when I make
royal icing I normally just use an egg
white but a lot of people use egg white
powder or I think they call it like
meringue powder or something um
and you add it to icing and it just kind
of gives it a bit more because it just
gives it a bit more I don't know also
from TK Maxx or homestead basically
HomeSense
is the home version of TK Maxx for
anyone that was confused I also picked
up these copper cookie cutters I have
actually used these already they were
really great I got Christmas tree ones
too but I just thought I would show you
these ones in the video snowflakes and
stars I think they were like $2.99 for
two so August next thing I also picked
up in HomeSense this was quite a while
ago but I wanted to show you in this
video because I just thought they were
so cute um and it is measurement spoons
but it says a smidgen a pinch and a dash
which I don't know if all of you use as
measurements or have in your recipe
books etc etc but we do here it will say
a pinch of salt a smidgen of something a
dash of something like dash of milk and
these are little measurements of those
things and I don't know if they're
scientific or like but I don't care
they're just really cute from TK Maxx
I've also picked up these which is sweet
julep elegant baking papers and these
are for muffins or large cupcakes and
they're just kind of like the cardboard
um cupcake cases I guess they're just
not really your traditional cupcake
cases they reminded me so much of little
popcorn boxes which is why I picked them
up and I also thought they would be
really nice for kind of this time of
year because they reminded me of candy
canes
maybe I'll do some candy cane cupcakes
love that these next two things were
actually sent to my PA box by a brand
who do really lovely craft bits and
pieces I actually ordered some stuff
from there for I think it was finale's
birthday I can't remember I really
wanted to show you guys because they're
so cute so the first thing is this and
all the brand is called Mary Mary by the
way and these are little straws with
Santa and a Rudolph on and they're just
so cute how adorable are those straws
imagine those in a little glass of milk
or the next thing they sent was a
gingerbread cupcake kit so it comes with
little gingerbread toppers gold foil
cupcake cases red and white stripe you
ones like the candy canes and little
tiny stickers how cute so that you can
decorate your gingerbread man that is
pretty much everything I have bought
that I have added to my baking cupboard
recently I really hope you've enjoyed
this video I really like talking about
baking things and I would absolutely
love to know if you guys have any baking
like utensil recommendations or any
brands that do really good sprinkles or
like food dyes or if there is anything
that you think I would absolutely love
then let me know in the comments okay so
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it that's it from me now until
the 1st of December and then you will
see my face everywhere and you will be
so sick of me and I'm really excited
thank you so much for watching guys see
food
