hello everybody today I am gonna do a
Q&A for you because you love them all so
just gonna quickly point out that my
background is very festive
I have decked out my bedroom festive
style already and yes a lot of you could
be shouting Zoe this is way too early
but the Christmas adverts are on now and
all the decorations are in the shops and
I'm excited for Christmas so why
wouldn't I do this already like it's
just too exciting and I had a lot of fun
doing it and I know you're jealous of my
Christmas bedroom right now so I took to
Twitter and so did you and you use the
hashtag asked so Ella and now I'm gonna
pick some of your questions and we are
going to have a little Q&A
minou you asked I answered let's go
let's do this what am i doing Amanda
Anderson asks what is the best part of
living in Brighton I honestly feel like
the reason I love Brighton so much is
because it feels like such a
community-based City having never grown
up in a city I quite enjoy the different
aspects of Brighton like you have the
town you have all the shops but you also
have the sea and you also have the
countryside it's kind of its like
countryside Brighton Sea and I really
like that because you can go either way
and you feel like you're not in a city I
guess kind of in contrast to that this
is Alice at forum zoella said would you
ever move to London to be close to
friends / work no I I like London in
small doses sometimes but most of the
time I just cannot get on with London I
don't know why um I think it is amazing
for a lot of people and it would make
sense for me to be there I guess would
it I don't know I feel like maybe not
for me I find London too stressful I
feel like it's not a place where I can
fully relax Laura at Suggs Motor days
says are you going to black and China
again soon for those of you who don't
know black gang China is a really retro
like theme park in the Isle of Wight
it's really old they have reason a lot
to it it's been
but I used to visit it with Joe as
children and we used to go a lot for
like holidays and things so I hold a lot
of special memories there it's just one
of those places where I go and I'm like
oh it's like my special place and I
haven't been there in quite a while I
think the last time I went was 2013 so
maybe we should plan a trip there in the
new year I definitely want to take all
my friends there although I feel like
it's gonna be one of those things that's
where they see it and they're like don't
really get it though I kind of do want
to go there again though kay at Kareem
underscore MOU bade says would you
rather never be able to speak again or
always have to say everything that is on
your mind I think it would have to be
always saying everything that was on my
mind I feel like I do do that to some
extent most of the time anyway which
probably drives people crazy but um yeah
I I do I mean if I have an issue I'll
most likely say so Eric not a lot would
really change there at Radian channel
said what does your Twitter username
mean I feel like I have answered this
but for any of you who might be new to
my channel or may have missed it my
channel name means it's Zoey bow for
anything that don't know um and it's
just the nickname that my parents gave
me when I was younger I was Zozi Bo and
Jo was Jo Zeebo and I guess when I made
a Twitter username that is what came to
my mind and it's still there James at FX
n cy says how do you relax after a
stressful day I think the main thing I
do to relax is watch like calming
YouTube by calming I mean like specific
people that make me feel relaxed I quite
like to watch people's vlog missus right
now because Christmas is my favorite
the year and watching other people
celebrate it is kind of it's fun I know
you understand what I mean because a lot
of you have been saying you've been
watching all my old blogs is so I also
think having a bath is very relaxing so
most the time I have a bath whilst
watching videos or cozying up on the
sofa and watching films on Sky Movies
right now I'm enjoying that immensely
force Alfie to give me a massage which
he doesn't like to do yeah I think
mostly just like watching chill-out
videos or reading I really like to read
if I feel a little bit stressed I like
this one Caitlin Caitlin underscore air
in three two one asks if you had to pick
one youtuber to be your sibling who
would it be
in brackets besides Joe there are a lot
of youtubers who are my friends who I
think really highly of but I don't know
whether they would be a sibling I think
Jim I think Jim Chapman I would have as
like my older brother or my twin I think
me and Jim are very similar
anyway um but he just has this kind of
calming influence and I feel like he has
great advice for a lot of things I also
feel like we can never get angry at each
other about anything and I think that
that's quite nice I don't know I feel
like ninja may very similar I feel like
we are brother or sister from another
universe Becky at Becky JB said who is
your ultimate horror film buddy Alfie I
suppose because whenever I want to watch
a scary film Alfie is always with me or
poppy and Shaun or Naomi does know me
like scary films I've forgotten thing is
whenever we sit down to watch is Gary
film with my friends I feel like most of
them don't actually really want to watch
it I kind of forced them to Libby three
0:08 said if you could have one
superpower what would it be love you
love you cutie um
this is actually quite a funny story I
don't know if Louise has ever told this
or maybe I've told this before I can't
remember um we were meeting a viewer it
was a competition winner and we were
going around London on a bus and she got
to interview us and one of her questions
to me Louise was which was called Alice
actually one of our questions to me
Louise was if you could both have a
superpower what would your superpower be
I said invisibility Louise said to be
able to control minds and we both like
were crying with laughter because it
just sums up our personalities so much
like Louise's superpower was to be able
to control other people's minds and mine
was to be invisible um I just think it
would be so fun
to be to just be able to turn invisible
I don't know like you could just do so
much Jasper at Casper's girl said what
was the last film you watched The Truman
Show was the last film I watched which
was yesterday when I was having kind of
like a down cosy day with Alfie because
he's not feeling very well so it was the
truman show which is actually one of his
favorite films so yeah whenever I've
watched that film I start getting really
paranoid about my existence on this
planet I'm like is this is my life just
like set up for like a massive TV show
and one day I'm gonna realize it one day
I'm going to sell my ship into the
backdrop I'm gonna realize some fact
this is something I'd like to do please
let me know in the comments if you like
to do it as well so I feel less weird
but when I'm watching a film I like to
go on internet movie database and I like
to go on the film trivia I don't know
how accurate is but I really enjoy it so
I was looking on The Truman Show trivia
and Internet Movie Database and it said
that after that film came out people
legit thought that they were part of a
show and they had to go for counseling
and therapy like that's crazy isn't it
how crazy the mind is and also how
powerful that film is
also please tell me that you do the same
thing thank you personally love Zoe Zoe
sugg updated says if you could be any
character and girl online on tour who
would you be and why
love you million love YouTube I think
see I think people would say that I
would want to be penny but I wouldn't
want to be penny I think I would want to
be Lea if any of you have read the
second book this would make more sense I
feel like she's quite a cool character
but there's a lot to her and when I was
doing book - I kind of I gave her more
kind of likability and gave more kind of
structure to her character and I I don't
know I just I find how really
interesting and um yeah I think she
would be a really fun kind of quirky
character to play I like this one
Kirsty Mars at Kirstie Mars when was the
last time you had a proper argument I
mean the only person really arguing is
Alfie which i think is kind of normal I
mean we have a very normal relationship
guys we're not all sweetness and light
but we never argue about big serious
things it's normally stupid little
things and then we just laugh about it
afterwards so probably like oh we could
go no proper argument maybe like a month
two months ago
Lizzie Axl as converse says are you in
the festive spirit yet yeah I am Alesha
Valdez says Chinese food or Italian food
I am definitely definitely more of a
sucker for Italian food than Chinese
food I like Chinese food not all Chinese
food but I really really like Italian
food like pasta pizza pasta and pizza
Pizza ash says how do you manage your
time efficiently the answer to that Ash
is I don't I actually don't
how I have managed to do things in my
life and to reach deadlines and to make
something successful I have no idea my
phone keeps freezing on Twitter and I've
done all the updates and I don't know
why this keeps happening but it's making
me not love Twitter so much I can't
scroll properly okay
and the last question is are you doing
vlogmas this year and that was asked by
at jasper underscore on tour and about a
million other people yes and that
actually brings me on to my exciting
things which I kind of hope I haven't
like massively big duck for any of you
who might now hear what the exciting
thing is and go oh it's not that
exciting but I feel like it is exciting
I'm excited anyway ages ago I tweeted
that I had something super exciting to
tell you guys and it wasn't anything
that you could buy wasn't me going
somewhere
it wasn't there's lots of other cryptic
clues and everyone was literally stumped
and nobody has guessed it as far as I've
seen no one has managed to guess it but
basically what I wanted to do this year
was yes to do vlogmas so every single
day i will be uploading a video all the
way through december up until the 25th
of december documenting my day I know a
lot of you love my vlogs I'll leave a
link to my vlog channel in the
description block blocks so you can go
on over there and subscribe now in
preparation for the first of December
but not only have I decided that I want
to do vlogmas this year I decided on one
very strange day I thought I am starting
to wonder whether I'm going to actually
kick myself for this decision I wanted
to do a main Channel video alongside
vlogmas every single day up until the
25th of December
that's the first to the 25th
that's 24 videos on my main channel and
24 videos on my second Channel
I just feel like I really like Christmas
and there's a lot of things that I want
to do and a lot of videos that I want to
make and then I was like you know what
maybe I should set myself the goal and
the target of trying to have two videos
everyday at the moment I am currently
preparing and filming as much as I can
for these videos because I also don't
want to spend vlogmas filming and
editing I want vlogmas to be fun I want
to go out I want to do things and I want
vlogmas to be like full-on Christmassy
fun days and so I am trying to get as
many of these videos done now until 1st
of December we need to create a little
hashtag whoo do love a good hashtag and
yes uh any suggestions are welcome
although I have already planned 24
videos so but you never know some of
your suggestions might be a little bit
better than the ones I have already
written down and if I haven't already
filmed them then I can replace them I
can have collabs with lots of your
favorite peeps and lots of my favorite
peeps and I'm going to have a chatty
videos I'm gonna have makeup videos I'm
gonna have some more kind of DIY style
videos baking videos there's going to be
a whole host of Christmas filled videos
and not once a day but twice a day um by
January you are all going to be so sick
of me so if that is not exciting I don't
know what is anyway I'm going to leave
you on that exciting note let me know on
Twitter if you are excited about it I've
said excited so many times I want to
punch myself in the hood and be prepared
for things to get a lot more festive
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it thank you much thank you much
thank you much for sending me
I love you guys a lot I really really do
and I hope you've all had a really
lovely weekend goodbye
