start already hello everybody today I'm
gonna be doing my October favorites my
mentions have been full of you all going
hurry up 'dear October favorites I'm
really excited to see what you have been
loving this month so I'm going to do
that for you now but girl from just bone
life okay let's start with products
beauty products the first thing I have
been really enjoying is the Sunday Riley
Blue Moon cleansing balm I absolutely
love Sunday Riley as a brand I use a lot
of their skincare and although it is
slightly more on the pricey side it
really works for me and I'm okay with
spending a little bit more on my skin
because I only get this face once you
know know what's the saying this is my
only face this is all I got this is the
only skin I've got to live in I don't
know I'm great at these life mottos
let me just read you the back because I
feel like the back of a packet is the
best way of explaining something let's
be honest this luscious soft blue
cleansing balm easily removes removes
impurities and makeup to leave the skin
thoroughly clean comfortable hydrated
and glowing with therapeutic essential
oils of vanilla tangerine sweet orange
chamomile and blue tansy to restore dry
dehydrated skin balanced with a
softening base of luxurious organic
cocoa and Moringa butters this melting
balm gives skin a tranquil pure healthy
sense that is what it does I'm almost
out I've used like I would say half but
I've gone I've gone right into the
middle you see I know that would really
annoy some people because some people
like to actually work their way around a
product I just go it's quite like bitty
and before I actually rub it onto my
face and I do put this onto dry skin I
use it to remove makeup and I also use
it just to cleanse if I've got no makeup
on but I do have to rub it between the
palms of my hands to kind of melt it a
little bit more before I put it on my
skin which is fine there's nothing wrong
with that um and it smells kind of odd I
mean all of Sunday Reilly's products
don't have like a
perfumed kind of scent in them they're
all kind of natural scented so some
people are kind of put off by that I
don't mind it because I actually really
enjoy the product I do think it smells
however of you know when you open up
like a tin of roses or a tin of quality
street or a tin of celebrations at
Christmas and stick your nose in it you
get kind of a mixture of the the plastic
on the wrappers and the chocolate and I
thought that's what this smells like
I just I mean I enjoy cleansing my face
I enjoy remove my makeup and I've just
thoroughly enjoyed this I feel like I've
had less dry patches on my skin so I do
feel like this has improved that and I I
don't know I've just really enjoyed
using it and my skin is really enjoyed
using it and I have certain areas with
like pigmentation or scarring from
previous lemma sure's and spots and
things and I feel like this is toned
that down a little bit I am still using
the emma hardy one as well i kind of
used both but i've been reaching for
this one a little bit more at the moment
which is why i wanted to put it in my
face the next thing is also skincare and
this is the origins clear improvement
active charcoal mask clear pores I
really like this mask I enjoy face masks
anyway and when I actually remember to
use them but I have been reaching for
this a lot active charcoal acts like a
magnet to draw out deep dwelling pork
loggers they sound scary can you imagine
like a deep dwelling pork lager white
china clay absorbs environmental toxins
use once a week I have been pretty much
using this once a week or as needed it
says so if you are having a particularly
bad skin week maybe uses twice I don't
know I just really really like it I like
how my skin feels afterwards um and
maybe this is also one of the reasons
why a lot of my blemishes have
disappeared recently so yeah I really
like it I feel like it's one of those
really nice masks that you can use with
like your mates when they come around
and you will look a bit scary you know I
did actually post a picture of me
wearing this and
wrong was like you look like the moon
emoji so yeah you want to look like the
moon emoji effect what a little OTT on
the eye makeup today
because it's dark and dreary and I was
like you know what I feel like my face
wants to party so I put a bit more on
and now I'm kind of regretting it
because I feel like I look like I am
dressed to go on a night out rather than
in my little cozy sweater
next is the Charlotte Tilbury magic
foundation I actually haven't done too
much research on this I received it in
my Pierre box
and I have been using it and I really
really love it I don't know what's in
this to make it magic foundation but I
feel like it's pretty magic because when
you put it on your skin looks amazing is
everything I could ever want in a
foundation it has great coverage medium
to buildable it does not make me feel as
though my face is going alien patches it
also doesn't feel dry on the skin it's
just overall a really nice foundation
and it has lovely little pump on it
which is always a plus for me a nice
little rose gold cap not that the cast
is anything to go by but you know how
much love rose gold I find putting it on
easy and it lasts well so if you're on
the lookout for a new foundation maybe
give this a try this next thing was
featured in my last video in my lush
haul and it is Kristin girl body
conditioner a breath of crisp spearmint
fresh air for skin with nourishing
murumuru and share two conditioned shea
butter shea butter never used a body
conditioner before didn't even know they
existed wasn't really sure how I was
supposed to use this as part of my like
shower routine but all you do is massage
it over wet skin and rinse off as you
would with a hair conditioner so before
I use this I did wash and then I used
this afterwards I used a fairly kind of
non-scented I think it was yes you come
Burres which I smell a few cumbers but
it's not like super strong and scent so
that I could really reap the benefits of
this
and uh I just really like this I think
it's brilliant
firstly it just smells amazing I think
it's a lovely minty smell I'm really
loving minty smells at the moment I've
also gone back to loving tic tacs
that's a whole that's I mean that's not
relevant but I just thought I'd let you
know that you kind of put this on and it
feels really lovely on your skin and
you're like oh this is nice I like this
and then when you wash it off and you
get out the shower you feel as though
you already moisturized so I have
actually not been moisturizing when I
get out the shower which to be honest is
a job that I hate doing and any of you
that say you enjoy it I bet you're lying
because I hate oysters in my body in the
winter months when you get out the bath
you get a shower and you're like it's
cold and I want to put my pajamas on
then I want to get into my bed with my
heated blanket that is also that I mean
that should be in my favourites too
because I love a heated blanket it's
amazing it's the best thing ever you
guys need to look at one sounds like I'm
a 90 year old woman I think deep down I
actually am but they're so good because
you turn them on as you like getting
ready to bed doing your kind of
nighttime skincare regime by the time
you actually pull back the covers to get
into bed it's warm already for you it's
the best thing ever
Alfie hates it but we've got like a
jewel one so his doesn't need to be
turned on mine's always on but he thinks
it's stupid because then I get too hot
anyway I digress
how I usually doing these videos Chris
Dingle is amazing I love it I think
you'll love it if you like this sort of
thing if you feel if you want to feel as
though your skin is moisturized and that
you don't have to moisturize or put as
much moisturizer on after your shower I
mean it is good to moisturize let's be
honest I'm just lazy when it comes to
things like that so I often forget but
this does make my skin feel so
incredibly soft but also it's just a
really lovely extra thing to do in the
shower I just feel it I don't know just
I like it smells amazing and because
it's minty it kind of gives you a little
bit of like a wake up in the shower
which I quite like
so I am digging this I really really
like it
this next thing might seem quite random
and I'm pretty sure I talked about the
library of fragrance quite recently
in one of my favorites videos but I'm
learning a different fragrance this
month and it is gingerbread you might
see this on the shelf and be like well
who wants to smell of gingerbread that's
just really weird right
maybe I mean I haven't quite worked that
out yet but I've been wearing it and no
one said I smell strange um so this
smells like everything great at
Christmas time everything great at
Christmas time that you can eat and that
is why I absolutely love it
however it is a sin that you can wear I
know a lot of you could be thinking a
bit strange though eh like walking
around wanting to smell of gingerbread
man but it it has a lot more to it than
that and if you don't want to spray it
on yourself you can spray this on lots
of other things like it you could use it
as a room spray I mean it's a pretty
expensive room spray but I don't know I
just really really like so if you ever
are passing I think they sell these in
Boots they probably sell them in lots of
places to be honest they also have them
online
um but give this one a sniff and let me
know what you think because I think a
lot of you will really really like it
it's just it's Christmas in a bottle to
be honest but wearable and unisex too so
loving that next thing is another minty
item as you can see I have a bit of
theme say that I mean two of the items
have been minty but whatever so I placed
a Yankee Candle order online not too
long ago because Anna did a Yankee
Candle haul and of course I love candles
so watching someone do a Yankee Candle
haul is very dangerous for me because it
does mean I'm gonna go on over and order
them which is what I did one of them I
don't know if Anna actually ordered this
one but I saw it on the website maybe
she did I can't remember and it's called
Candy Cane Lane
um and I should be honest wasn't really
excited about it thought it sounded
really nice going along the sort of
minty route and you guys know I love my
white company mint candle for the
summertime and I was like God you know
what candy came to kinda nice I like the
smell of candy canes let's see what it
smells like in a candle so I got it and
let me tell you it's amazing I love
this candle a lot it has a very sweet
candy cane like smell um as you would
imagine that it would the only
difference between I think Yankee
Candles and bath and Bodyworks candles
is I feel like Yankee Candle scent is a
lot more subtle it's definitely one of
those candles that you can burn and
every now and then you'll get a whiff of
it but you'll leave the room and when
you come back in you're like it smells
amazing in here
but it's not necessarily hovering around
constantly which I guess for some people
is actually more of a pro than a con um
it depends it depends how you like your
candles to be honest just feel that
everyone needs to have this candle in
their life that's it get it
Merry Christmas moving on to slightly
more random things I have been loving
cat kid stones Christmas range so I've
been doing a little bit of Christmas
shopping online and just kind of
checking out different websites and
different shops and seeing what I mean
to be honest I'm looking for Christmas
jumpers and I know that sometimes cat
kids didn't do quite nice Christmas
jumpers so I was looking for that Mal's
always just scrolling through their
Christmas section I was like damn I
really like their Christmas prints this
year I don't know what their prints were
last year I'll be honest they could be
exactly the same but I really love their
prints so um I got some things when I
say some things I mean a fair few things
in the print um I got a tablecloth um
I've got a a tea towel like look how
cute this is right it's a little
Christmas town look at it so they have
like a more Kitsch design which is this
one and then they have Oh actually this
is probably the best way to show you
because I bought two stockings so this
is the more kind of Kitsch design and
it's the Christmas town which reminds me
of winter wonderland like a cute little
winter wonderland or a little like
Christmas market it's just really cute
um so I have that not too sure who is
going to get that at the moment but one
of these is full of wheeze and then
there's a more
Dipsy print and this has got little
thorns and Christmas trees and a little
Santa and a little dog and they're just
really cute I also bought gift wrap um a
land yard for my keys um phone case a
few tote bags basically wet cup kids
doing Christmas crazy I also got this
which I absolutely love
and I haven't fully filled it in yet but
um I wanted to show you because I feel
like this is the perfect time of year to
get something like this it is a cath
Kidston Christmas organizer for
organizing Christmas so I'll just show
you what's inside shall I know you're
all desperate to see so you've got pages
for to-do lists you've also got blank
pages oh we've got grids for to-do list
in case you prefer a grid style like
pages to draw or write or stick things
in and then you've got Christmas card
sections so you fill in the name the
address of people that you want to send
cards to choose and present I've listed
everyone's names on here so far so you
write their name and then you write the
present that you've got them or the
present that you want to get them I have
the fair few pages of these I have a lot
of people to buy for this year goddamn
and then more presents a section of to
buy so things you still need to get
conversion tables cooking time
measurements things like that menu
planner very interesting guest name and
dietary requirements how good is that
and then you've got recipe pages to
stick recipes in and then notes at the
end and I believe yes some little
stickers so yes Kath Kidston Christmas
check out online
really good stuff okay two randoms left
which I don't have anything to show you
for them but the first one is a youtuber
and he is called mark Faris and I have
been watching him now for about four or
five months I can't
actually remember I found his video
because he reviewed my beauty product
and when I was watching him I was like
this guy reminds me of me I don't know
what it was I think we like a lot of
similar things and I just feel like he
has a really positive happy energy and I
thoroughly enjoy watching his videos I
can't remember how many subscribers he
has but he gets around like 500 views a
video um which personally I think is
nowhere near as many as he deserves he's
kind of like my little like hidden gem I
just really enjoy his videos um but I
feel like a lot of you would enjoy them
as well he does favorites videos he he
does a bit everything which is why I
really like him I also got to meet him
this month
I'll put Leo pic here because I invited
him to my book launch and um it was so
lovely to meet him and I just I don't
know like you know when you watch
someone's videos and you just know how
passionate they are and how positive and
happy and uplifting he is like he just I
don't know when I watch his videos I
just instantly feel happy and content
and I really like that when I find
someone's videos who makes me feel like
that I'm like yes love it go then I'm
going to leave a link to his channel in
the description box so make sure you go
and over subscribe to him say hey be
nice um he's just such a lovely lovely
guy and I really do feel like a lot of
you will enjoy his videos as well
another person I am loving at the mo is
Adele I just love her um her new song
when it came out hello
for any of you that don't know so that
sounds like um like saying hi to you but
the name of her song I had it on repeat
like all day and I'm not just saying
that I actually did I have people in my
house all day who had to listen to it
with me all day but I think they
actually liked it so that's fine apart
from Jo who did it you did actually get
a little bit sick of listening to it on
repeat it's just amazing it makes you
feel all the feels I'm so excited for
our album I'm just so happy she's back
she is one of my favorite
singer-songwriters ever and I'm just so
excited for her to be back and I'm
really excited for all her new music I
think it's gonna be amazing I love
everything she stands for I just I love
her the human being and I am sharing my
love for her with you
there's no point me telling you to go
listen to the song because all of you
will have already listened to it and I'm
sure all of you love it just as much as
I do so that is everything for my
October favorites I hope you have
enjoyed this video as always don't
forget to leave in the comments anything
you've been loving this month any other
youtubers you think I would like to
watch I would love to hear your
suggestions as much as I love watching
all my friends I like discovering new
youtubers to watch as well because I
still enjoy watching YouTube just as
much as making videos if I'm not making
videos or doing other things I'm gonna
be watching YouTube because YouTube is
just the best thank you so much for
watching give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it I love you very much and
I will see you next week oh yeah and
video thank you so much for Oh
I got such a long freaking neck put me
in a month Geraci wouldnít early not be
able to tell which one was me which was
a giraffe
