how's the suit pumpkiny fastest so much
yes it is jobs giving questions get
ready
hello everybody today I am here with my
bro fair
oh my bro sup Joseph broseph juice it's
Halloween talk like my dog very he's
staring at me
how to bake a cake Allen high time no
it's Bob doing a bit of bacon because
some of us have good at baking I've
never tried to make cake before properly
last night okay
washing away the cake was in primary
school this is all cake tin I'm not
baked with this it really interests us
I hope it's it's in the oven properly I
was gonna put on your head but that's
real yeah don't do that
Oh what should we do that we have to
make Halloweeny so I'm thinking lots of
colors yeah we've got also sprinkle your
sprinkle you've got food dyes you've got
we've got better let your orange we've
got their electric green we're doing
Enzo right now to keep clapping
everything right I don't think we're
just gonna do a basic sponge recipe oh
good stuff
this cake and it says you have to double
it so but first things first I must wash
our hands yes that's what ha ha oh I
thought that pretty woke me up
you've got me soaking wet you started it
I'll make a mess when you're allowing
washes oh hello anything base motivated
well they're actually not Halloween
things then more autumn
hot there okay okay we're going to add
butter getting you at home eat butter on
its own I think it's gross oh I think
you like cooking with butter on your
bread no judge another white friend
right now then we other sugar that way
remember this from primary school for in
love Lisa wait now guys which is pouring
in the sugar walk slow sugars is sorry
constant caster sugar any sugar will do
well we'll do three again it's sweet
yeah whisk it works kept oh no good not
only that you don't you get your hands
in there you see your hands of it is
useless too I think have you a magic mix
it does all this yeah my this may be a
lot quicker he's bungle in there mmm
come on you go like go school yo squidge
it hello
flush it I say goes push it oh look at
that
that reminds me of those cakes are fairy
Katie that's because this is a Victoria
sponge and that's the same with I love
Victoria sponges they call me Joe magic
mix-ups sometimes other aeneas I'm not
good now
show the camera try it no no way if you
do that no way no I'm front on all of
your dog and then don't freak out yeah
very such a funny video
happy Halloween I'm really good at
cracking eggs I can get 100 you do like
a cordless how maryberry will do it what
cheffing the 100 I learnt this from my
old mate I'm sorry
thank you thank you Hey oh yeah I forgot
after Oh two hands after I've had two
about - okay now mix both the egg that
makes both the eggs into your was it
dope don't look right Oh Frank look I
did it you know
no Joe got friendly keeps eggs raw
reckful neither Oh God Shruti Shruti get
out of my way this is a lovely mixture
either
No why are you got egg mixed showing
around 100 why'd you do that
Oh oh you put a half a shell in there I
did it one handy just put Michelle in
there yeah Michelle no Jay to get out
used it extra good yeah I know little
baby shrimp right he made that you know
you taught me that trick hey Nino chef
Anthony moral Thompson as who he's that
one that had done the spiky hair Jerry
Rhodes
what's going on - Gary braid I think
he's an American uh I you see what that
program
kiss-kiss cooking yeah I used to watch
it cook little cone I did it welcome to
our cafe oh my god I hate ya you run a
British Bake Off honey how was that
liking did a press junket I've got to
ask you these questions basic you crap
myself entire two days that's not good
if you're making a food environment
crappy macho yeah not a great way to do
it like when I do a cow's giving birth
oh oh my god Jones yeah is there no
sheep sorry Calif I don't know companies
just let the sack where they get all
their nutrients from oh are you sick oh
it's a big show oh very good
Oh doctor doctor let's see a bit of
shell old ah that was coming of a
chicken's ass home watch this nothing
it's all of course flair again thanks
Larry
oh oh look at that nice scuffling oh
fish oh oh so they show person
Oh Barry we should do that Halloween sir
Bob for apples
Michelle No Oh blood it's not yes it is
it's not oh it's not okay wicked wicked
wicked the cupcake it wasn't Fleur Fleur
you take your flirt who is that nameless
Walters Fung name goes in the back right
buddy all inmates just go for it Oh
brilliant
not exactly a walk and try to give
another shot Susan and Boyd on what I've
done not sure
what about Mary Barry oh yeah oh yes I'm
poor Hollywood oh this is turning up on
TX minutes now yeah looks good happen
yes this is eggs transforms it doesn't
it Alan right teaspoon of baking powder
oh wait what is this
Thank You powder this makes it rise yeah
all right mother's friend no rush
but the times we crash 101 for the Money
Jana I rest my case
element around we what's the rap that's
great Oh perfect right now we want to
transfer this into other bowls so we can
color mixture I don't understand a clue
what you said I didn't understand the
clue I'm gonna go different party now I
know we're doing all we should make
everyone the pussy really hard winner
like a carrot or a one bulb from an
appeal or a lowball share the humbles
the warm deals in Bill's video would you
care to taste my mixture no I do not
everyone used to fight over you've got
to lick the bowl over I didn't care you
didn't I know I never I never have out
them stuff I hate I never is is still a
mega power and butter oh I beg to differ
there is little on around Alfie deyes
everybody we made you a cake Alfie I
look like a couple of n pumpkin today
we're using americolor oh the colors are
available I'm gonna let you in charge of
the green so I'm doing the orange oh you
get that little ball and you do the
green that looks magical it was on if
you're orange or red honey ah well I
never saw your orange
good Halloween in there yeah this one's
me green yeah see that one green unless
you paid remiss with your eyes what
there's the color blind you don't
actually nightmare right now presents
green it could be any color right you
want to preheat Yemen oh I would love to
my new lemon okay I'm done it look at
this shot y'all you can't see you can't
bail how great it's great colors all
around okay
and then what we're gonna do a memorize
a bit black in this one so I just mix it
like this nice nice little circular
motion just get to get you get hit it
will floating around the bowl and you
want it to basically essentially make
sure it goes black I think of cookie
quite well here and there you go that's
what it looks like look what we want to
do is we want to get a bit creative and
make a bit of a spiderweb
ha so we're gonna put it in here yeah
I'll do some web oh now I see what
you're on about five minutes and then we
put the rest on okay okay so you hope I
got it
this could go really well
yeah coffee it's gonna go wrong it looks
really black good welcome thank guys of
me Jai Ho oh you've ruined it already
no.10 Africa sorry I'm miles away ah too
fast Jam this I'm sorry honestly are you
do you know close to it please
it's got way he's dressed for Nia
okay I think this looks right you know
okay inside we've got the spider's web
put this in the oven for five minutes
right make my tricky politics load is
hung massive it's yeah still like Snoopy
put it like very carefully we need to do
some layers of colors which they say
yeah orange is most most make sure you
guys were very careful here she goes
oh well dunzo are you ruined it I'm
screaming ahhh oh dang where's father
are you fighting yet you enjoy yourself
nice knees ha ha
troll bogies child again I feel like
you're not getting read those very neat
you know there's a matter it will come
out like munis nice looking great
it looks like guns from like get your
own body doesn't it or the food fight
scene from hook yeah Bergeron yeah I'm
gonna in this yet turn it away
Oh mom oh that's warm thank yous my
browser goodbye see ok hello we're back
and we're back
the cake is out of the oven and Joe is a
pumpkin I thought you just look awkward
I mean yeah this smells good
smell good I reckon when we cut into it
amazing so what we want to do here
Joseph
yes it's make icing sugar oh why not do
this is that is water isn't it we're
gonna do is separate another color into
that bowl yes probably wondering why
they're like this guys we did a video on
my channel while still wake up to cook
see oh that's great let me do it you're
usually too not I'm trying to not get a
good point right now is not the type of
food my one obviously uh yeah dribble it
on oh this looks crap whose idea is this
I think it's good oh you just crushed
spoons you need to you need it to drip
all the way down low Oh No Oh how's a
troll but yeah sorry it does you're
right sure he does look great I like
each side oh great idea
very very watch out we're coming for you
love won't be looking like this that
looks good yeah does that shave ice pour
concrete thank you realize all been
pretty to work alright cuz then you just
let it dry let it dry let it dry
that's enough formally but not too much
lesser evil right I say we put some I
reckon just pop in handy yes got some
popping candies all that's right
sprinkle mister I feel that Halloween
cake is the perfect thing to I'm sorry I
can't undo this because no media is your
fuckin little groove Oh didn't work for
me yeah no I'm gonna hit crackle is me
nollie and popping candy can you get the
red and green would you laugh some
popular
Doyle oh no girl it's festive hey you
need to transfer Nicky Oh shotgun not
we've got a B but okay transport I'm so
I know you've got so many countries here
you must yes
oh sorry sure you wonder on your own
yeah okay
you're crazy no I secretly guys I've got
kicked out knife so Mary and Paul we
hope you enjoy our cake we call it our
know what you get a call like what shall
we call that he's a bloody sighs okay
nice that that's differencing winning
and losing like that blood used out of
it I've been a wing cake okay
pulling out the like very big slice oh
look at the love it oh my god X we can't
get a seat aside
well good night Michael plates live in
that what in the way kid
oh that is splendid I mean we didn't
really wait for it to cool oh my word
that is awesome
all that is great that is really great
isn't it great
and you can hear the popping candy if
you use this thank you oh yeah yeah I
think it looks great
to be honest it looks very Halloween Oh
Zoe he doesn't back down into my pumpkin
head sorry sorry okay guys thank you so
much for watching this video
we hope you enjoyed it and also if you
create anything like this for Halloween
make sure to tag both of us so we can
see it you just want to let your
Halloween creative juices go I'm a bit
of fun don't take me I don't want to see
that console timeline tag him I really
can't judge a kid I want to sit give us
we also got video on Joe's channel where
I did this click the link in the
description box and you can go on it
from oyster also subscribe to Zoey
oh thanks and subscribe to Joe thanks
high five Raja's jinx okay okay we're
off now it's really hot and Joe needs to
leave to the airport and he looks like
this right now yeah
