hi everybody today I'm doing something
that I know a lot of you are going to
love and I have noticed that a lot of
you have been asking for it on Twitter
Instagram
there is different social medias so if
you are a massive lush fan like I am you
will know that around this time of year
lush just becomes a hub for all things
amazing and festive I love lush all year
round but Christmas it's just that
little bit extra special or the limited
edition stuff comes in and it's all
amazing I have a massive selection if
not all of the Christmas and kind of
Halloween themed items from lush a lot
of which was sent to me by lush which is
very lovely of them and some of the
other things that weren't in the package
I've gone out and bought so I can show
you everything that does however mean
that this is going to be a long-ass
video so you might want to grab a snack
and a drink and sit back and enjoy hello
ouch I'm not going to go into too much
detail because I will literally be here
for hours so I'm just going to give you
my kind of initial feedback three items
for Halloween I have the Lord of misrule
shower cream this is bright green I've
never tried it before but I do love the
shower gels and the shower creams it
smells of does that smell of get down
and earthy with this mischievous herbal
blend add a little spice to your shower
and with black pepper and patchouli oils
and a dash of Fairtrade vanilla absolute
to keep it sweet this is quite a musky
scent I feel like a lot of people would
like that but with the black pepper and
the patchouli I do feel like it's quite
a nice masculine scent so very nice
nightwing shower jelly here it is in
this little tub I'm a bit scared of this
because it looks very blue and I don't
want to stain anything oh my god it is a
freaking bat look at it it's a bat oh oh
no it's all over my hands
I don't know what I was expecting to
happen I don't know it was always going
to be all over my hands Annette I have I
need some tissue so with the shower
jellies you break off a little piece you
rub it into your shower Perth Russia
run it under the water and you can kind
of create bubbles and go to town and get
clean this smells like fruit pastilles
it says and I think that's why I don't
like it it's a really really strong kind
of black currant / lime fruit pastel but
if you like that kind of scent I feel
like you would really like that I might
give that one to Alfie the next item is
one of my faves and it is the sparkly
pumpkin which is a bubble bar so you
crumble it under warm running water it
has a tiny little bit of cinnamon in the
middle it doesn't smell kind of
cinnamony but it does smell amazing and
it's covered in gold glitter and I
really like this one oh my goodness it
begins this towel is gonna hate me after
this video I'm just gonna put the towel
on my lap you know there we go
shows a great day to wear a white shirt
to deny yes I did okay on to the
Christmas items the first two are my
favorites and these were in the
collections last year and possibly the
year before but the first one is called
so white it's just a plain white bath
bomb and inside it has like a pinky red
so when it bubbles in the bath like red
comes out umm and it smells of apples
now to me this is my lush Christmas
scent when I smell this I instantly
think of lush at Christmas
I just absolutely love it I love that
it's really different many of the other
scents in lush and it's not typically
Christmassy but I really I just think it
smells amazing
the next one is the lush put this smells
of lavender it has loads of different
colors in it looks amazing when you put
it in the bath and again it's just one
that I really really like at Christmas
time and it's really calming one so it's
great for the evening oh no my lush my
this next one is a lot of people's
favorite and it is the Golden Wonder as
you can see from this giant crack it's
blue inside but it also just it's
amazing it smells incredible it leaves
your bars looking incredible and I would
highly recommend this one it just smells
fresh and fruity
it has lime oil in it or side note it
leaves your bath covered in gold
shimmers if you don't like that avoid
this one but if you can cope with
washing your bath then definitely try it
because it's incredible this next one I
feel like could be a favorite of mine in
years to come I don't know if this was
actually in lush last year I think I've
inhaled some but it's called yog nog and
it smells like toffee and spicy and it
just smells incredible it has Alang
Alang and clove and i can just imagine
that this is a really lovely one i think
i much prefer the more traditionally
Christmas scented things and I feel like
that fits into that category next one is
Lord of misrule which is this one I
believe inside it's purple or maybe pink
I can't remember this smells really
strongly of something but I don't
actually know what it is it's a very
acquired scent it's kind of herby
plant-based smell it's quite musky that
one a shoe next one is the father
Christmas bath balm this one's been in
for the past two years I think um maybe
even longer I'm not sure looks like a
little father Christmas face and it's
red and it smells like a lush scent it
smells like a typical lush scent what
does it say candy floss fragrance yeah
it does smell a bit like the smells like
the candy cane Mountain a little bit
more of a subtle Snow Fairy if you're if
you want keen on Snow Fairy because it's
quite strong and sweet this is a little
bit more subtle this is mister butter
bear Oh much like butter ball which is
an all year round bath balm which
actually is amazing if you want
something that's going to give you a bit
more other than just kind of a scent in
the water or a color or a little bit of
glitter this is one for you
especially if you have dry skin it's
really great for winter time because
it's full of cocoa butter so it leaves
your skin feeling all nice and soft it
does make the bath very slippery so be
careful and at Christmas time it's a
little bear which is just adorable so I
would recommend I would recommend one of
those actually Stardust I don't know if
this was one last year
smells coconutty and I love coconut says
it has vanilla and Peruvian rosewood I
don't know if it has any color inside of
it it might just give your bath a lovely
scent but it's very very pretty and it
smells really really nice the next one
it's a bit of a lush classic can't have
Christmas without it most people buy
this around Christmas time and it is
cinders I know a lot of people whose
favourite bath bomb is cinders this is
probably the most typical kind of
Christmas scented item in the entire
lush Christmas range
I love cents like this I love like
Gingerbread and spicy and kind of
cinnamon a very kind of warm scents and
I feel like this one kind of ticks all
those boxes so if you're after something
like that grab this one it also has
popping candy on the top which I really
like dashing Santa where are you where
the only other two bath bombs I'm
missing one of which is actually
upstairs in the basket because I have
some left over from last year it's
dashing Santa which looks like a little
Santa that's like running with a little
sack or stocking or presents or
something and shoot the stars which is
honey scented with orange and bergamot
swirling with colorful stars so that
sounds nice don't have that one note
next up is the bubble bath first one
being five gold rings which are all
bubble bars so I quite like this because
you can be like one for one bar one for
another bath it's quite easy to then
divide them up you can smell the tonker
oh definitely all that on my nose you
can't really smell the vanilla too much
I should imagine that you can smell it
actually once it's in the bath but I
just really like the idea of that I
think it's awesome five gold rings x1.is
bah humbug which looks like this
obviously with the bubble bars you just
crumble them under
running water I don't really like the
smell of this one what does it say it
smells a licorice I don't like licorice
it kind of smells like licorice and
blackcurrant which is quite an acquired
scent so I don't know if everyone will
like that but I should imagine it makes
your bath an awesome color then we have
the classic candy mountain
which smells like the Santa father
Christmas one smells sweet vanilla II I
just feel like most people will probably
like this scent so love it love it then
you've got this one which is peeping
Santa which i think is so cute
it kind of looks like you know when you
go on Pinterest and you search Christmas
treats and you see all the strawberries
that have been cut with a bit cream in
it looks like those funny if you've been
on Pinterest a lot you'll know exactly
what I'm talking about
um this smells like does anyone remember
valentine's day and like god it must
have been like 2012 2013 I can't
remember they did or maybe even before
that they did little strawberry no
little mushrooms they were really cute
little mushrooms and this is what they
smile like kind of smells strawberryish
let me just check share butter and
strawberry yeah I like that it reminds
me of Valentine's Day although not very
Christmassy the only other one that I
don't have is Holly Golightly which is B
let me show you this one the one that
whenever anyone touches they cannot get
the silver off their hands and with a
little Holly on the top and that smells
of Christmas it says just Christmas
scented so maybe that's another nice
Christmas you want it so bath melts we
have snow angel which is one that
they've had before
it smells like almonds marzipan or it
smells really really lovely and this is
full of cocoa butter so it's going to
leave your skin feeling SuperDuper soft
reusable bubble bars so there's two
you've got this one which is
the magic of Christmas are the little
bells coming undone come on tighten up
and then you've got this one which is
magic wand I've had this one before I
really like it any of you remember the
star melts that look like this with no
stick this is basically that which I'm
very very happy about this one is
possibly my favorite thing this entire
year firstly it just looks beautiful
it's on a cinnamon stick which i think
is genius and it looks amazing has a
little bell not that makes any
difference because that doesn't add
anything to your bath but it just makes
it look really freaking cute and it's
got star anis in the middle and cloves
in it and it just smelt and it just
smells amazing if you have this and
cinders in your bar this is the perfect
Christmasy bar cocktail spicy goodness
yum yum yum so a couple years ago
lush introduced something called fun to
the lush doors which is basically a
bubble bar by which you can actually
mold things to create shapes and just
have a little bit of fun in the bath
basically so it's kind of like bath
play-doh which is just an amazing idea
so you've got one called
um oh okay look you could do this with
it you can shampoo you can soap or you
can play so it's not a bubble bar at all
ignore me I've been using this as boba
um but this one is called snowman so you
can create a snowman you've got the
white you've got black and you've got
the orange for as little carrot nose
they've also got the magic of Christmas
which is four different colors you've
got white you got shimmery gold you've
got red and you've got blue and then
you've got one called Santa which is red
and oh no it's not just red and white
red gold black and white um I think I am
gonna make some of these because I just
think they look really cute that round
the bath you can just go to town with
them can't you it's been a while since
I've played with play-doh so I think
this is a great great excuse to do
something like this you can also get on
with snakes and ladders um I don't know
what snakes and ladders has to do with
Christmas I'm guessing
in the evenings and you will play board
games however it did make me wanna play
snakes and ladders okay so I'm not so
keen on the smell of snowman it smells a
bit like the fruit pastilles again
unless it's been too close to something
that smells of the fruit pastilles
there's quite a sweet smell and let's
see what Santa smells like Santa smells
good
Santa smells good I like the smell of
Fanta it's like a really nice really
nice kind of general lush scent let's
see what magical Christmas smells like
it says zesty oh oh I like that smells
Christmassy too it's like it's like the
oranges that people um dry out on the
radiators I like that I did not expect
that to smell like that and I just it
just completely went over my head that
they would all smell different so yeah I
like them I think they're a really good
idea
right so somebody's the first soap is
this one which is Baked Alaska I've not
had this one before
look how frickin cool it looks though
look at that it's amazing as far as like
the look of soap goes that is pretty
impressive
it smells fruity you can smell lemon um
it's just a very fresh scent what does
it say here grapefruit lemon yellow new
Lang is a refreshing soap so I like that
and also I really like lush so I feel
like it's really underrated I feel like
when most people talk about lush the
first thing that comes into their mind
is the bath bombs and the bubble bars
but their soap is incredible I used to
use honey I washed the kids and porridge
they were my favorite and I just haven't
gone back and purchased anymore but the
other day Alfie came home and he had a
thing of soap from lush I was like
what's that and he's at UH bought some
soap and I was like oh my god I need to
go back and get soap so I'm really happy
I've got this stuff because it's
reminded me how much I love proportion
flow this one is well just freaking
incredible and this is your nog so it's
similar to the bath bomb
smells a little bit like honey I wash
the kids in fact I'm wondering if it's
somewhere between that and something
else
it says fudge scented made from creamy
Sawyer yogurt and spicy net spicy nutmeg
I really like that oh my goodness
it is like a cross between honey I wash
the kids and fudge and a little bit
spice from the Nutmeg but yeah I'm
definitely going to be using that
because it smells amazing you have no
idea the willpower that I've had to use
in order to not use any of these
products before making this video it's
been so hard this is old father time
soap looks like this Oh what does that
smell like okay let me just have a look
sage and thyme so again it's quite like
a greeny fresh scent but that is really
really lovely I really like that mmm
give that one a sniff with you in there
and then another classic that has been
in lush for a really long time is snow
cake and it is the marzipan scented soap
which I used to hate because I don't
like marzipan
I'm not mad keen on the scent of almonds
but now I absolutely love it Alfie
bought loads of this one year and he's
good at somewhere in his office I think
he uses it in his office bathroom every
time you go in his office it smells like
this I really like it that does remind
me of lush Christmas for sure okay so
the only other folks that I don't have
them is reindeer rock which says it is
winter skin will drink up the sparkling
comforter scented soap packed full of
anti-inflammatory lingonberries so
comforter is actually a sin I don't like
so I don't feel like I'm missing out too
much on that one shower gels the classic
Snow Fairy
I used to absolutely love this I don't
love it so much anymore you guys know
I'm not really one for really sweet
scents but I know a lot of people are
and I know a lot of people love this so
much and like proper stock up for it
every time winter comes around it is it
is a cult classic for lush at Christmas
time it's just
a little bit too sweet for me and it
kind of ends up kind of giving me a bit
of a headache but in small doses I think
it's really nice and it worked really
well next one is Rose Jam so I've not
smelt this one before so I'm quite
excited let me see
oh that's really nice and I don't
normally like rose scented things that's
nice because it's really like lovely
subtle kind of rose scent that I like
that mmm I'm definitely going to use
that that's really nice hey we've got
snowman shower jelly so similar to the
Nightwing this one is mr. snowman let me
see if I can get him out in one piece
but it feels so weird it feels like a
flubber this is the snowman do you know
what guys is just not working there we
go you can kind of see him there he is
he's a little bit squishy and the longer
I'm holding up the shorter is getting
gain you break off a little piece he
smells quite sweet and fruity and a
little bit like the other one actually a
little bit fruit pasta Lee kind of sweet
he smells like oh my hands feel very
soft now there's also another one called
Santa's belly which is red and it has
glitter in it I don't have that one but
that looks quite nice and it says that
it smells of red wine and fresh apple
juice I'm actually kind of sad I don't
have that one I forgot to pick that one
up okay shower smoothie so I didn't know
this with a thing and then I saw it in
here and I got very excited about it
this is called the icing on the cake
softening cleanses are a piece of cake
when they're made with creamy almond
milk and chestnut puree so this is kind
of like a shower friend as I suppose and
it looks like this like a little roulade
very interesting very interesting
concept I'm not sure how you I made you
break a piece off or don't know I quite
like it though
oh use a generous amount and smooth
across skin for best results smells
really good it's not too overpowering as
well so I'm really excited to give that
a try actually the next thing is
definitely up there with one of my
favorite things most excited to try this
this is the salt and pepper mint bark so
this is a shower scrub or a bath scrub
and it just smells so good I'm really
into like candy cane cents this year
like very kind of sweet mint you guys
know I love mint anyway but I've just
been a little bit obsessed with it
around this time of year which I didn't
think I would be body conditioner
Kristen go so a body conditioner is
something I never really heard of or
contemplated using and it says a fresh
take on Christmas cleansing with
peppermint and menthol crystals so
basically a so peppermint and menthol
crystals energize skin with a tingle
like Christmas take this with you into
the shower massage over wet skin and
rinse off just as you would a hair
conditioner quite a cool concept see
this smells a little bit more like the
treatments you put on your feet not that
that's a bad thing
Oh got it on my thing I actually really
like this I think it's going to be a
really nice like pick-me-up in the
shower
especially in the mornings I'm really
excited to use this I think this will be
really nice after this you'll smell like
like a walking chewing gum so there was
one other thing that I was really
excited for what did I do with my book
clip there it is got it so it's one of
the thing that I thought was really
interesting and intrigued me immensely
and that was this which is the bûche de
noël I don't know if I'm pronouncing
that right and it is the face and body
cleanser treat yourself this Christmas
to a deliciously fruity boozy concoction
to nourish and cleanse the skin your why
you le be glad you did ha I've never
used a cleanser on my body before I mean
shower gel obviously washes your body
but I quite like the idea of this and
its really interesting texture it's kind
of like the face masks but it's like
hard you know like like it is quite cool
the smell is interesting it doesn't
smell like particularly lovely but it
just has quite a nice like almondy scent
and what does it say satsumas
cranberries and brandy well
didn't worry about almonds from cuz
apparently there's no almonds in there
Oh
almond oil it does have almond oil so I
can only smell the almond oil I can't
smell those things but I'm really
interested to try this because it sounds
really good I like the concept and the
last thing there are two others I've
left one of them downstairs damn it I've
left the lip tint downstairs which is
cherry red lips with a hint of cinnamon
and carrot oil for tingling it's just
like a little lip balm which tinsy lips
red but a lot of people like this which
is Santa's lip scrub um I don't know how
I feel about lip scrubs because I just
end up eating them and I'm not really
sure that that's what you're supposed to
do the scent of this one is coca-cola it
says so fizzy Cola and I can smell that
it does smell like Cola but it also
smells like like if you were to make
cookies with coca-cola that's what that
smells like I'm not sure I really love
the Sun of this so I don't know whether
I would put it on my lips but I do think
it's a really great treatment especially
if you get dry lips around this time of
year okay yeah yeah that is everything
almost out of the entire lush Halloween
and Christmas range so I hope there's
something in there that you like the
look of I really enjoy watching lush
hauls especially around this time of
year because it intrigues me to see what
other people love and kind of get
excited for every time this part of the
year comes around so let me know in the
comments which one of those things
you've tried before or that you really
want to try or which ones you get really
excited for personal favorites of mine
are definitely peppermint bark be york
nog this this is just the best thing
this is my absolute favorite plus it
just blends right into my background
right now yeah really excited to have a
bath of that I basically just love all
the traditional Christmas scents except
I also like the peppermint and the
apples so white so yeah that is
everything for now I'm going to go and I
need to open a window cuz it smells like
a lost shop in here
and yeah thank you very much for
watching give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I'll see you again
very soon bye
