hello everybody today I am going to
showing you how to bake spiced pumpkin
cupcakes with cinnamon cream cheese
frosting that is quite a mouthful and
they taste delicious in your mouth so
this is what they look like they are
super lovely for this time of year I
would never actually fake anything with
pumpkin in them before so I was really
excited to give these a try and I know
that you guys are going to love them so
the ingredients that you'll need for the
cupcakes are two hundred and eighty
grams of plain flour two teaspoons of
cinnamon 1/4 teaspoon of ginger 1/4
teaspoon of cloves and a quarter
teaspoon of nutmeg half a teaspoon of
salt one tablespoon of baking powder
half a tablespoon of bicarbonate of soda
110 grams of butter 200 grams of caster
sugar 5 tablespoons of soft brown sugar
2 eggs 180 milliliters of milk and 250
grams or pureed pumpkin I found mine in
white rose I think you can also get it
online for the cream cheese cinnamon
frosting you will need 200 grams of
cream cheese 50 grams of butter 350
grams of icing sugar 1 a teaspoon of
vanilla extract and 1 teaspoon of ground
cinnamon you'll also want to get
yourself some cute little cupcake cases
I got mine online and they're just kind
of gold-foiled ones which I love if
you're wondering where I got my cute
pumpkin sprinkles they are from home
scents home scents actually have some
really amazing things for baking around
this time of year so make sure you pop
in and check that out
both are you're going to want to do is
to pre-heat your oven to 190 degrees
Celsius or gas mark 5
burn baby burn
next thing you're gonna want to do is to
line your muffin tins with chases after
preheating the oven and lining your
muffin tin you want to sieve all your
dry ingredients including the spices and
the baking soda etc etc into a large
bowl I just said to mix all the dry
ingredients that what I meant to say was
all the dry ingredients except the sugar
so I'm now adding all my spices this is
basically autumn in a tiny dish and my
five tablespoons of brown sugar
and now my salt my bicarbonate soda and
my baking powder a now you want to
combine your butter at room temperature
and your sugar in a large mixing bowl or
you can use a hand whisk if you prefer
and you just want to beat it until it's
really soft and it goes a little paler
in color
using a very cute pink spatula I'm now
going to just scrape down the sides just
to make sure it's all being whisked
nicely so you want it to look a little
bit like this it goes just goes a lot
lighter in color next thing I want to do
is add one egg at a time into the
mixture and then give it a little mix
I'm clearly feeling very brave I'm
cracking the egg straight in if you're
not so good at cracking eggs I would
suggest doing it in a bowl take number
two and it goes
next you want to add your milk
now it's time to add your puree now it's
time to add your dry mixture I'm going
to do kind of like a third at a time mix
add a little bit more mix etc etc
now is the fun part or the messy part
where you get to put your mixture into
your cupcake cases you want to fill
these about two-thirds of the way full
now it's time to pop them in the oven I
would say for around 20 to 25 minutes hi
so once the cakes are done you want to
get them out I left them in the Tim for
a little bit cooled down I didn't get
these out piping hot as you can see some
of them are kind of pointed on the top
not sure why this happened but you can
always slice those before I seen them if
you want to so it's a little bit more
even and then it just gives you an
excuse to eat a little bit of cake so
I'm just going to leave those to cool
for now moving on to the cream cheese
cinnamon frosting okay so we've got our
trusty mixer back put your butter and
your cream cheese into the mixer and
beat until smooth
and then if you've got a little pup who
likes cream cheese you can let them lick
the spoon although probably a little
unhygienic so make sure you wash the
spoon afterwards
now you want to incorporate your ice and
sugar in a little bit at a time and then
carry on mixing no it's just done a
reread but you want to make sure you mix
in the icing sugar on a low speed to
start with otherwise it will look like
you are doing an experiment of some kind
that looks so good
look how cute this is and now you want
to add your cinnamon and your vanilla
extract and you just want to mix it all
together I can't tell you how good this
smells I also now have a dog at my feet
waiting for me to drop something maybe
give them the cream cheese once all the
baking is done
now it's only right I think that I have
to test this first not you sorry sorry
Nala oh my god I feel like that's the
best thing I've ever made that is
delicious
oh my god you guys are going to love
this eh I'm just sniffing the end off
with a piping bag I'm just going to pop
my nozzle down then we're just going to
turn the piping bag over and we're going
to fill it with our cream cheese
frosting
I'm now just putting a couple of my
little pumpkin sprinkles on the gate
I hope you guys enjoyed this video
do you remember to give it a thumbs up
if you want more baking things since
it's around the kind of baking time of
the year there's lots of amazing things
like Halloween bonfire night and
Christmas coming up so I definitely want
to do some more kind of festive style
baking leave your suggestions in the
comments below if you want me to try
anything out let me know if you bake
these and don't forget to tag me on
Twitter and Instagram it's Zozi bow so I
can see that you guys have made them as
well and I really hope that you enjoy
them I am now going to go and eat these
and I'm going to thoroughly enjoy myself
so thank you so much for watching
after you get writing
