hello everybody it's favorites time
again and this week I am discussing all
the things I loved through September so
I hope you enjoy it
I feel like there's not really a lot of
beauty favorites in this month's video I
feel like there's quite a lot of like
random things it could be wrong though
like from bottom right I'll get into
like beauty things first with the other
thing one called earlier ok the first
thing I have been loving is the L'Oreal
infallible 24-hour stay fresh foundation
I'd read a few reviews on this and I'd
seen a lot of people saying they really
liked it and I absolutely love trying
out different foundations I feel like I
get quite bored of my foundation quite
quickly and I also find it impossible to
find one that I absolutely fall in love
with I usually just use NARS sheer glow
um and so for me to find anything else
that isn't of NAS kind of price tag and
still love it just as much is always a
winner in my book to be honest so I
bought two foundations from Gloria
actually I bought the L'Oreal True Match
and I bought this one which is the
infallible and as I've also seen a lot
of people raving about the true match
foundation but I actually preferred this
one I prefer the consistency of this one
and I just find that it blends into my
skin a lot nicer I like this because
it's a kind of medium coverage you could
probably build it up um but it just it
doesn't look like I'm wearing foundation
if that makes any sense
it feels very natural it also doesn't
really feel like I'm wearing anything
and I really like the coverage that it
gives so this I have been using pretty
much every single day through September
and I really really like it so if any of
you are looking for a new foundation
give this one a try to apply my
foundation I have been doing something
very different now Beauty sponges or
beauty blenders or whatever you want to
call them have been around for quite a
while and I'm really late to this
bandwagon I feel like around 2 3 years
ago I may have tried one before um
clearly I wasn't doing it right I think
I was like dragging it across my face
and I just didn't feel like it was
redoing anything iris
leave this one in my PA box I think this
is just your traditional kind of beauty
blender they look a bit small and right
now I just washed them for this video
they looked a bit monkey this one also
has some mysterious little bite marks in
it because Nala thought it was a toy and
I found it in her mouth earlier I was
like oh my god keeps me back my beauty
vendor so I think this is like a
traditional beauty blender and this one
is the pixie blue one I love both of
them to be honest or however this one
definitely washed better and I like
salmon Nicks
because it has a lot of different angles
to it so you've got this flat side which
mine isn't really that flat anymore
because of the teeth marks
um but you've got this flat side to kind
of work in two different angles and
you've got the pointed side I do find
the pointed side really useful for like
under your eyes around your nose etc and
then you've also got kind of the kind of
curved soft side which you have on
pretty much everywhere on this one I
have just found using a Beauty Blender
for my foundation and my concealer
actually to be so much more efficient
than using a brush - he's texting me
oh it's nimble I kind of put my
foundation on the back of my hand I dab
the sponge into my foundation I do it
dry I know a lot of people use them wet
or they'll use like a fixing spray on
the blender first I've not tried that I
kind of want to go and then kind of just
dab the foundation on umm and the
concealer as well actually and the
coverage is just amazing like I just
find that it gives a really good
flawless coverage
I've still got soap coming out of this
so I might have to go and really wash
that one so I would definitely say to go
try these out sometimes I just find I go
through phases with my foundation and my
skin actually I think because the
weather is changing here in the UK right
now my skin started to get a little bit
drier so sometimes when I use a brush
and I'm trying to blend my foundation
and I feel like I'm just smearing it all
over my face whereas with this I really
don't and
actually amazed by how much of the
product doesn't actually sit in the
brush like I just washed these and not
that much came out and I was expecting a
sponge to literally soak up half the
foundation that I had on the back of my
hand but I haven't found it to do that
at all and just I just I don't know the
foundation lasts better it wears better
I just think these are amazing and
everyone should be using these to apply
foundation because they're just so good
and I was about to throw them and then I
realized Nala would chase after them and
I wouldn't have them anymore so I'm
gonna just pop I just don't maintain my
hands like I don't enjoy painting my
nails I don't I don't like it really I
don't know I've just never shown any
interest I don't have the patience for
nail art and any time I do paint my
nails it either ends up on Nala or
somewhere and it just doesn't look good
so a thing that has found that can
combat that and make me love my hands
and make me love my nails again is fake
nails um
and ones that are real super easy to
stick on and also really not that
difficult to take off if you want to and
the ones that I've been really loving
other elegant touch ones I've raved
about these on my second channel I think
I might have wrote about these on this
channel at some point I can't remember I
haven't got any on right now actually
I've just taken some of these off I
think the reason I like them is because
I have quite small nails and I have
quite small nail beds and I find it
quite difficult to make fake nails look
natural on me but I find these ones are
amazing and the shape is perfect and you
really don't have to do a lot with these
these ones are the totally fair square
0:01 up to two uses per pack I actually
find it's more like one and a half for
me because I use up all the smallest
sizes and they don't necessarily have a
lot of the smaller ones so I feel like
it's kind of one pack does all my nails
and there's a few spare if I lose any
but these ones are completely clear and
you can paint them any color you like
when you pay a fake nail I find it dry
so much quicker there's no chipping so
that in that sense is the only way I
enjoy painting my nails because it's not
actually painting my actual nails they
do come with glue however I don't use
the elegant touch glue it could be
really good I don't know but I already
had this one so I've been using this one
and this is the nailin ultra quick nail
blue which again is really really good
these ones already have a color and
they're a slightly different shape
they're a little bit more rounded so
there's those and then these ones which
I'm super excited about are some kind of
copper metallic ones so I should
probably be putting some of those on
later I'm so bad I'm now able to share
this with you but this is my new hand
cream and this video wouldn't be a video
without a little bit of shameless promo
so I'm gonna throw this in there however
it's not shameless promo tool because I
freaking love it and I'm just excited
that I get to talk about it now because
it is out to by now and I don't have to
be like secret about it it is my new
hand cream oh I just put a lot on
because my hands have been super dry at
the moment because it is that time of
year and the first place the change of
weather affects me is my hands and so I
have been slathering on my hand cream
basically every opportunity I get it
smells really lovely it smells like the
original scent um I mean I don't really
have a bad word to say about it because
I wouldn't release a product that I
didn't like or if it had something about
it that I didn't like so yeah I just I
was really excited to have a hand cream
in the original collection because it is
one of those things that most people
will want or kind of it sits on people's
bedside tables or it kind of just goes
in the handbag especially at this time
of year so I kind of feel like it was
perfect timing um and I just
Oh smells very fresh if any of you have
smelt the original collection you'll
know what it smells like
I didn't want it to be too strong in a
hand cream though because I don't know a
hand cream with a really strong scent is
never appealing personally I don't think
but yeah oh it feels so nice
I get this really weird thing in winter
where if my hands feel dry or my feet
feel dry it makes me feel really
suffocated like under the duvet I'm like
oh my god my feet feel really dry so I
have to have like either a foot cream or
a hand cream nearby because I can't
stand like right now my feet are doing
it because I'm thinking about it I'm
like my feet are suffocating they need
to be moisturized
so I'm gonna do that off of the video
but I don't know if that's just me
please let me know in the comments if
you feel the same anyway wonder hand
love it rose-gold packaging very happy
with that very very happy with that they
have been loving baking magazines Oh
baking magazines are basically just that
a magazine dedicated to baking and two
different recipes and you guys know how
much I love faking I've definitely been
doing it a lot more now I feel like it's
kind of my one hobby
although I do film it sometimes it is
kind of like it's what I do in my
downtime like a lot of people are like
you're always working and on social
media or filming or editing or what do
you do your downtime and I'm like I
don't really know but now I feel like we
can safely say in my downtime I do like
to make when these start coming in
especially when they're kind of like
time of the year themed I get really
excited so this one has a lot of kind of
Halloween autumn and Christmas themed
bakes as does this one they're just full
of great inspiration so many fun
exciting recipes and it's I don't know
there's just something about I mean down
quite a pricey like you could buy a
recipe books about but I don't know
there's just something about these that
I really really like but yeah I'll just
enjoy reading those from in the bar you
just have
little flip through you can kind of like
fold over the page that you're like oh
yeah I'm going to give that again on the
subject of baking another thing I've
been loving this month is the bake-off
some of you may know oh and we're just
gonna up a bit some of you may know that
I was actually on the celebrity bake-off
for Red Nose Day last year and it was
the most amazing thing ever did feel
like I was gonna have a nervous
breakdown in the run-up to it and
watching it but it was so much fun and
having now been in that situation when I
watch the bake-off now I feel like I can
relate to the contestants like times 100
however they have got it way much harder
in a sense of the recipes every single
week and I couldn't I definitely
couldn't do it two days was enough for
me I couldn't do it for way more than
that um but I just I absolutely loved it
I love baking I love how British it
feels I love Mary and Paul I just love
everything about it this week is gonna
be the final I'm really excited to see
who wins I don't know who I want to win
I love all of them know when you just
watch something that makes you instantly
feel calm and like the world is okay and
that everything is fine and I don't know
I just
everyone's got those things they like to
watch which just makes them feel good
right bake off for me as that so I
really love the bake off after the bake
off there is a program called dr. Foster
so I got into this because poppy
mentioned it to me she was like have you
been watching dr. Beth Foster and I was
like no she was like oh my god you are
gonna love it
you're gonna be obsessed it's gonna be
like broadchurch all over again I was
like okay well I really want to watch
this now so I watched the first three
episodes on iPlayer and it was amazing
it's about a doctor who is living in a
village or a town and I don't want to
give it a wave any of you haven't seen
it but it's based around her husband
having an affair or an alleged affair
and and
yeah that's all I want to say I don't
want to give any of it away if you
haven't seen it yet so go on over and
watch that I love it so much
basically Wednesdays for me is like pure
TV heaven so bake-off dr. Foster bitter
dinner and I mean it's just the best
night ever isn't it whilst watching my
two favorite TV programs I am wearing
this okay so some of you may have seen
me raving about this on Twitter oh my
god I just love it so much it's a
dressing gown I ordered from Marks and
Spencers or Marks and Spencer
I always put an s on the end of it and
I'm sure I'm not the only one it it was
called um shimmer dressing-gown or
something and I was like okay I don't
care if it's shimmery I'm not getting it
for the shimmer but it looks like the
softest thing I've ever seen and I used
to have this dressing gown from Topshop
which was very similar I think some of
you might remember it had little ears
and a Tonya had the same one it went off
to the launderette with some of my
dry-cleaning and I think they might have
steamed it and it was like all
completely burnt and I was gutted I was
like no because it got all like hard and
crusty and I was like no this is not
myself dressing gown um so when I saw
this I was like this could be the
replacement a whole year later I think I
found a dressing gown replacement it's
soft on the inside
soft here and soft on the outside like
this is honestly the coziest saw Nala
has farted and I'm struggling to breathe
this is honestly the softest thing I've
ever bought if I could get away with
wearing this every single day in life
going shopping
I don't know answering the door to the
postman actually I'll be honest I have
already answered the door to the postman
wearing this and I didn't care at all if
I could get away wearing this all the
time I totally would I'm just going to
put it on so I can show you what it
looks like I don't even really buy much
from Marks and Spencer usually but when
I saw this I was like
I'm gonna have to get it mmm it's just
so cozy you guys you need this in your
life okay so now we can totally set the
scene imagine it's a Wednesday evening
I've got my dressing gown on i'm cozied
up on the sofa and watch a bake-off
I'm dr. Foster and it's just I am just
living life to the fullest it's not
shimmery though I think it's just a term
they used for it but it's not shimmery
very hot in here all of a sudden but I
just can't bear to take this off okay so
that is my favorites for this month I
actually can't believe September has
gone and it's now October like I know
I've said this a lot like I love this
time of year but okay now it can slow
down like I wanted to slow down now
because it's going way too quickly let
me know in the comments as always what
you've been loving this month whether
you've used Beauty blenders before or
you like to use false nails and I'm not
the only lazy person when it comes to my
nails and I would love to know who you
think is gonna win bake-off that's what
I want in the comments this week I love
you very much and I'll see you again
very soon bye
