hello everybody today I am gonna be
doing another hair video for you I've
done something similar to this twice
before and it is basically for very
quick and easy hairstyles great for
school uni work it can't be bothered I
just find that the quicker it takes to
do a hairstyle the more likely it is
that I'm actually gonna do it so here
are four very quick and easy hairstyles
that I thought you might like to do
haven't really done a lot with my hair
today I washed it yesterday and it's got
a little bit of product in it I do find
that it's much easier to do any type of
hairstyle when you've got a little bit
of grip and a little bit of kind of give
to the hair I am however going to use a
little bit of the Toni & Guy dry shampoo
just in my roots
it makes styling a lot easier trust me
especially if you've got the kind of
hair that's really shiny and sleek and
you find quite difficult to do anything
with this is your lifesaver
it's my dry shampoo face I always think
it looks like you're kind of giving
yourself a little head massage okay so
the first one might require a little bit
of practice and it is a Dutch braid into
a ponytail now a Dutch braid sounds
complicated but it really isn't once
you've practiced it a couple of times
and this will soon become a lot quicker
and a lot easier for you the first thing
you're gonna want to do is take a
section of the hair and keep that
separate just your friend really and
then you just want to take the rest back
into a ponytail and secure that in place
then you want to take this bit of your
hair leaving this bit here split it into
three two three and you want to take the
piece from the outside underneath into
the middle same again on this side
underneath into the middle and then when
you've done that once you want to take
this bit of hair and just bring another
in so one of these little bits down here
bring that in to the middle and you want
to take a little bit from here take that
into the middle as well then once you've
collected all of that you just want to
braid normally you then want to secure
this at the end with it clear elastic
and then this is the kind of fun part so
you really want to pull at the plat and
you want to make it really wide you're
gonna give it a little bit of a
hairspray first so I'm using the
Tresemme Salon finish extra hold spritz
down that okay and then you want to
bring it in the direction of the hair up
and you basically just want to bring it
underneath your ponytail and you just
want to wrap it round and fill it
underneath this then secures the
ponytail in place I then like to pull a
few hairs out because I've never liked
neat I don't do neat ruffle up the pony
and there you go that is the braided
ponytail
this next one is a kind of old-school
classic and you can either do this with
any type of braid just to little plaque
I feel like they've really come back
into fashion this year and where I can
I've definitely got away with wearing
them I just think they're so cute again
it takes a little bit of practice but
once you get your head around it it's so
super quick and easy
I'm just shortening my side parting so
it's not as far over and then I am going
to you can be really precise about this
or you don't have to be but I'm just
gonna use my finger and kind of take my
hair down the center of the back of my
head I'm just going to keep this half to
one side do you can either do this as a
French braid as just normal braids or as
a Dutch braid but I am definitely loving
the Dutch braids right now
and then you just turn it into a normal
braid and secure that at the ends of
clear bubble okay and then on to the
next slide I actually find it easier to
do this not looking in a mirror I
sometimes think when you're trying to do
braids looking in the mirror is like the
worst thing you could do because it
really confuses you and secure that one
at the end with a clear elastic as well
now again I really like to pull my plug
out you can leave them like this if you
want to this is an amazing hairstyle to
do if you want to keep your hair off
your face
it's also a brilliant one to do if you
have damp hair before bed and if you do
this and then wake up the next day and
let your hair out it looks amazing it
looks really wavy and it's also a really
nice kind of non heat way to do that but
just for everyday I think it's so cute
I'm just gonna pull the braids a little
bit and finally a little bit of
hairspray just to secure everything in
place
okay this next one I have actually had
in a video before and lots of you have
asked me to show you how I did it so I
thought it would be the perfect
opportunity in this video you want to
put your hair in a middle parting or as
much of a middle parting as you possibly
can I think I look so strange in the
middle parting and you also want to
split all the way down the back of your
head as well then you want to split the
top from the bottom just kind of up to
your ear take that I'm just gonna move
that out of the way for now and you're
done okay now with the hair you've got
left plat it on both sides just a normal
flat then you want to take the hair on
this side and do the exact same or
really tickly nose then you want to move
on to these oh so now you look kind of
crazy and you want to do the same on the
other side you then want to cross over
the two bottom ones and pin them behind
your ears sounds mental but just trust
me
you almost want to kind of cover over
that bit you've just done
and you want to take it above and you
just want to tuck it under the other
plat and then you want to take the first
one again and do the same thing and tuck
it in on the other side okay and that is
the final thing done it might seem
complicated but I promise you all you're
doing is full Platts and just winging
them around and pinning them in places
it can be as neat or as messy as you
want it you can pull bits out at the
front if you want to which I always
think looks quite nice you can pull the
place as big as you want them pull bits
out here pull bits out under here tuck
fits in anywhere it's just kind of have
fun with it I really enjoyed this
hairstyle I really have a name for this
so leave your suggestions in the
comments below I'd also love to see you
recreating it but I really liked it and
it looks really pretty from the back and
it looks like you could have taken a
really long time on it which you haven't
okay and for the last one I'm going to
do a ballerina bun I am kind of one of
those people that always go towards a
messy bun but more recently I have been
wearing in a slightly tighter bun and I
like this too and it just looks a little
bit more sleek and put together so it
totally depends on your mood and the
kind of vibe you're going for but if you
do want it to look a little bit neater
then this is what you can be let's start
by putting a little bit more texturing
because I really want to get the hair
right up here and I want it to be really
secure and tight so I'm going to use the
give me texture spray by vo5 and I'm
just gonna spritz that in mainly at the
roots
once you've got that in your hair and
you've got a little bit more grip I am
just going to brush it through you just
want to start bringing your hair up in
your hand as high as you can get it at
this point you just gonna want to pull
out a couple of little bits of baby hair
just to kind of soften the face because
although this is quite a sleek look it's
quite neat I like having that kind of
softness so much hair everywhere
okay so once you've got the really super
high ponytail I'm just gonna twist and
bring it round as tight as you can and
use a clear elastic to secure that in
place I'm also going to kind of shape it
a little bit with some bobby pins which
you can also do okay once you're happy
with the actual shape of your fan then
you just want to put a little bit more
hairspray on just to keep it in place
sorry Nala I just dropped the middle
dollar and that is your ballerina bun
you can also do cute things like put a
little bow in or some flowers we'll just
leave it like this so I hope you found
some of those useful I would absolutely
love to see you recreating these so
don't forget to tag me on Instagram or
tweet me your photos give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and if you
want me to carry on doing more of these
types of videos love you very much and
I'll see you very soon
