hello everybody today I am going to be
doing a Q&A because it's been a while
since I've done one of these and every
time I go on my twitter so many of you
are like what are you gonna do another
Q&A when you're gonna do another Q&A so
right now is the answer right now and
also my bun is literally it has a mind
of its own today so I went onto Twitter
use the hashtag asked zoella and these
are the questions I decided to Oh saw
Tara Fraser said what's your favorite
thing to do for Halloween since I am
totally into everything horror I love
horror films I love Halloween
I love the Halloween makeup I love
everything about Halloween it's just an
amazing time of year however I know that
not all my friends share my love of
scary things but there is one exception
um of which all my friends kind of get
together and this started like Oh
two years ago myself Alfie no me and
Marcus decided we would go to like a
scare theme park kind of place kind of
like a I don't really know what you
would call it it's like live actors and
things and it was honestly the best
thing ever because I love the adrenaline
caused by being scared I don't love
adrenaline being caused by panic attacks
or being on rides but the only time I
can really thoroughly enjoy adrenaline
is through scary things so when we went
into this kind of horror farm experience
it was so much fun we were all screaming
but also laughing and so that is my
favorite thing to do around Halloween
definitely we also did it the year after
and we're doing it again this year which
I am so excited about I honestly think
that I am as excited about that as I am
about Christmas just because it's so
much fun especially when you take people
there who don't really know what to
expect and kind of are a little bit
pessimistic about how the whole thing is
going to be terrifying when it's active
but trust me is terrifying but it's also
so much fun
Hannah Louise said what advice would you
give
to somebody who always worries about
what other people think I feel like it's
human nature for people to sometimes
worry what others will think of them and
for me I do this all the time I am such
a worrier but I never worry about me I
worry about what other people will think
of me
um and it's very consuming it can really
hold you back in a lot of areas if you
worry too much about what other people
are going to think of you and honestly I
think the best thing to kind of remember
is to live life for you and not for
other people this was kind of one of the
main themes that I put into girl online
on tour because I see this so much and
this is so me um sometimes I find I'm
living my life for other people I stop
and I think about it and I'm like oh I'm
not as happy as I would be if I was
living my life for me
so I think for those of you out there
who worry too much about what other
people think of you if you worry that
making a certain decision will make
people judge you I mean it is in our
human nature to kind of feel that way a
lot of the time but just like relaxed
about it like how other people see you
is their stuff like how someone reacts
to you is their choice it's not your
choice so just remember that people
react to different things differently so
just carry on being you and don't care
do not care as long as you're happy and
you're doing things that you want to do
and you're making decisions that you're
really happy with that's all that
matters and people that want to judge
you or make you feel bad about that
then they worth it
fleurs weirdo says what's your favorite
thing about being a youtuber this is
really hard because there are so many
amazing things I think having constant
support and that kind of network of
people that always have my back is the
most amazing feeling and the most
surreal thing ever
actually when I hit massive milestones
like 9 million and I'm like 9 million
people or wiggle I feel like I get to
show a large part of my life with you
guys and I love that I love being able
to make people happy I love being able
to reassure people I also love that me
sitting here making these videos is able
to make a difference in some way and
that isn't anything I ever thought would
happen I love all the amazing
opportunities that I've had and that I
get given I love making friends through
this I just love everything Clements
said why is autumn your favorite season
I think autumn is my favorite season
because it starts to get a bit colder
layering clothes is my favorite
I much prefer fashion in the autumn hot
chocolates come back as cozy drinks um
blankets fires bonfires Halloween
bonfire night you have more bars I just
feel like it's a much cozier time of the
year but it's also not too cold I'm the
sort of person that cannot get cold if I
get cold I'm really miserable I've said
this so many times a lot of people get
really angry when they're hungry I'm
like it when I get too cold and I've got
no way of warming up so I feel like
autumn is a really good kind of like
weather time you know the Sun can be out
but the leaves that are kind of crispy
and the air feels really cold and fresh
and it also means that christmas is just
around the corner and it means you can
decorate everything with orange and
pumpkins and put trees with fairy lights
in your room Holly I'm at the Zoe sugg
Pug says what's the most annoying thing
that Nala does Nala is um a semi
well-behaved puppy um but one thing that
she does which isn't actually bad
behavior at all it's just my ears can't
take it is she licks herself clean
but she always does it like near me or
like right by my ear and I don't like
jamming like that kind of like noise and
when she licks herself
it's like jamming times 20 and it sounds
so lively and sloppy and I absolutely
hate it Helzer at heartbeat underscore
Elle's says be honest have you bought
any Christmas presents yet well Elsa yes
I have normally though I'm really
unorganized and it gets to like two
weeks before Christmas and I realize I
fought nobody any presents and then I
find that the weeks leading up to
Christmas are spent with me like
frantically trying to buy presents and
that is never fun because that's also
what everyone else is trying to do so
this year I took it upon myself to start
now I actually started about a month ago
and I have this big box with presents in
it and they have post-it notes with who
the present is for on top and I just I
feel so much better in myself knowing
that I'm being a little bit more
organized about it because I hate when
things are really last-minute like that
I didn't really enjoy Christmas as much
as I really wanted to last year so this
year I feel like I'm going to go all out
to make sure it's the most amazing ever
and that means that I don't want to be
rushing around trying to get people
last-minute Christmas presents I yes in
answer to your question yes I've already
got a lot of people's Christmas presents
plus gift-giving for me is like the best
thing ever I wouldn't care if I didn't
receive any presents at Christmas
okay might care a tiny bit but I'm much
prefer giving people presents destiny
says what's your top things that you
want to complete in life have children
that's my first one
live in my dream house is my second one
or build a house that would be amazing
my being able to like design and build a
house um and I think just be happy with
whatever decision I choose to make
however my life continues and any
choices that I make I just want to be
happy I'm not very good at putting
myself first so I need to start doing
more of that so I hope that happiness
dream house and children are three
things that right now I would love to do
not yet not yet
Farah says do you remember a dream or a
nightmare from when you were younger
I like this question because yes I do I
used to have a reoccurring dream when I
was young I must have been around 12 to
14 and it was that myself my mum and my
grandma my mum's mum were all witches
and um we used to all have broomsticks
and we used to fly and I really honestly
woke up thinking I had been flying
around and I would sometimes think oh
but you know if I shut my eyes and
really think about it kind of like in
hook when Peter Pan just really thinks
he starts flying I thought that would
happen because I had that dream so much
I was convinced that actually at night I
was just a witch Charlie said when did
you pass your driving test and what was
your first car I passed
third time third time lucky and and I
was 19
was I 19 or 18 I can't remember at 18 or
19 um I made the mistake of starting
lessons and stopping for a real long
time and then trying to pick them up
again I know that that works to some
people didn't work for me everything I'd
learnt just kind of completely went out
the window
so it was kind of like starting again um
and my first car was a Vauxhall Corsa
Christine says how excited are you for
the new season of American Horror Story
I'm actually so excited for the new
series of American Horror Story if any
of you aren't aware of American Horror
Story it
a series by Ryan Murphy and it is kind
of like I think there's five series
overall murder house asylum common freak
show this is the fifth series okay so
there's four um and each one is
different and they're not linked so it
doesn't matter if I technically they're
a little bit linked but it doesn't
matter if you haven't seen them in order
if you want to watch one of the series
um they all have the same actors and
actresses in mostly although I'm so good
is that Jessica Lange isn't in the new
one I just she's amazing um and they're
very scary they've got massive twists
and turns and like amazing plot amazing
camerawork amazing storylines amazing
characters and actors and I just love it
and the new one is called Hotel and it's
starring Lady gaga
which I am really interested in seeing
how that is kind of done cuz she's
awesome
and um yeah I'm just very excited got
Evan Peters in it love a bit of Evan
Peters Darla said what are your favorite
meetups to do I like this question
because I also want you guys to know
what kind of meetups you like to I find
big ones very stressful and I get very
anxious so although I have done them
before and I'm sure I'll do them again I
can't say I fully fully enjoy them I
enjoy meeting you guys and I love that
I've managed to do a large scale of
people all at once but it's very um
anxiety driven on my part um I also know
that a lot of you guys that watch my
videos also have anxiety so it doesn't
really bode well either way so I think
my favorite to do are really small
intimate ones I'm doing one today for
example which is like a competition that
was run with penguin and we're going to
be decorating and making cupcakes and I
think there's about 25 of us I feel like
I enjoy actually spending time with you
guys and
I know that means I can never meet as
many of you all in one go but I kind of
want to do smaller more intimate meetups
kind of like in a cupcake shop you know
out for afternoon tea which I've done so
many times um and like cute little in
like calm environment so it's great for
both of us and it actually means I get
to have conversations with you which I
love doing I really love doing I love
getting to know you guys oh I kind of
feel like that is the best of both
worlds especially if it involves cake or
afternoon tea at Rose Garden Isle if you
were offered the chance to be the voice
of a Disney character would you accept
obviously I would accept can you imagine
how awesome that would be she would have
to be like a very British princess and I
wouldn't be able to do the singing part
but the voice would be so cool I don't
think I'd be very good at voice acting
though Evan Edinger said what was your
favorite children's show as a kid there
were so many I actually want to do the
childhood theme song video with my
brother because we've both got really
good memories like that and it will
bring back so many amazing memories if
we're talking really young I love tots
TV and Rosie and Jim if we're talking
kind of middle middle of the road
I loved Sabrina the Teenage Witch I love
Kenan & Kel I loved baby-sitters club I
love oh my god this so many oh my god
the Lumpy's Rugrats The Wild Thornberrys
anyone remember the Barbie TV program
gosh oh do you remember and
it was the TV show where they had to
rummage through things in a room it was
like a cutaway of a house and they had
to rummage through things in a room I
need to look it up because otherwise
it's gonna really annoy me oh my god the
wild house does anyone remember the wild
house
I loved that program the bloomin Queen's
nose amazing
I love the Queen's nose not gonna lie
did actually find some on YouTube the
other day my side watching it Art Attack
oh my god
stitcher Sweet Valley High o Grange Hill
bite a Grove does anyone remember bite
her off my god oh yeah Tracy Beaker I
used to watch that does anyone remember
the ghost hunter I used to love that see
loving ghosts from an early age anyway I
can't remember the one but they find
clues in in each room and then they have
to kind of like delve around and find
another clue for the next room or
something leave leave it in the comments
cuz it's going to really annoy me I bet
my brother's like screaming it at this
video except he's probably not even
watching this video let's be honest I
love you very much thank you for asking
me all your questions I hope you've had
a really lovely weekend I love you very
much and I'll see you again Hey
