hello everybody today I am gonna do
something a little bit different I was
gonna do this on my second channel and
then I decided that there are so many of
you that share my joy in autumn and
candles and I knew you would all be like
no you could have put this on your main
channel and you know just I just thought
sod it I'm just gonna put this on my
main channel so this is my Bath and Body
Works autumn flash full candle haul I
like candles a lot and that's okay
because some people really like gambling
and buying candles is isn't like that
you know two very different things
so I noticed that Bath and Body Works
had a massive range of autumnal slash
fall candles and this happens every year
and this year for the first time ever I
thought no I'm going to be involved in
this somehow Bath and Body Works for any
of you that don't know do not have a
store here in the UK and they don't ship
to the UK so for us people here in the
United Kingdom we don't get to share
your joy in Bath and Body Works candles
which is why when I go to America I come
back with Bath and Body Works stuff
every time because I love it and I love
the candles and I just love the massive
variety of scents and huge variations on
I guess kind of like festive candles
there's just something very exciting
about when they bring out candles
specific to a time of the year this is
one of my favorite times of the year
for burning candles um I love candles
all year round as you guys know but when
it comes to autumn and winter
I feel like that is like optimum candle
burning time that is the time when most
people have a candle lit in their house
whether that's one or 100 in some
people's case there will be a candle and
there will be blankets and it will be a
really cozy environment and what makes
that a cozy environment candles candles
is what makes that a cozy environment or
all tunngle trees are fairy lights
he seemed right to me to try and figure
out a way of getting bath and Bodyworks
candles to my house somehow without me
having to book a plane flight and go to
America
so my management gleam actually have an
office in LA and I was like okay cool
before this though I did actually text
Joey and say Joey is it possible if I
get something shipped to house we'd be
able to forward it on to me he was like
of course and I was like I'll try and
find the alternative before I do that
which I did manage to do so I got my
order delivered there to the gleam
office and they then forwarded it on to
me which I did pay for obviously so had
to pay a little bit more on shipping but
I feel like it's totally worth it and I
haven't been this excited for a package
to reach my house in so long and now I'm
gonna go through the ones I got and what
they smell like even though I'm really
bad at describing smells let's get
started I've got quite a few cuz if
you're gonna get them shipped over
you're not going to get three you're
gonna get as many as you can get I
bought two of the smaller ones I think
these are just one wick candles and this
one is sweet cinnamon pumpkin it's got a
little pumpkin on the lid oh this is
actually one of my favorites it's spicy
it's warm it smells of sweet cinnamon
pumpkin it's very cinnamony oh that's
amazing that just that is literally a
Christmassy autumnal scent in a glass
jar um and I really really like this one
really like it next one is pumpkin pecan
waffles
oh I sniffed that way too hard this one
is really strong and also very pika nice
oh if you're not a massive fan of the
smell of pecans then you won't like this
this does smell a little bit like you
could eat it this is definitely a lot
more of a foodie scent rather than a
kind of spicy kind of all-around festive
set this would be a really good one for
the kitchen yeah I'm gonna now tell you
where you can like them this one has
little pumpkins on the lid and it's
called vanilla pumpkin marshmallow okay
I forgotten what they smell like by the
way because I got them sniff them put
them back ready to film this video oh
that's so good okay so this one you can
smell the vanilla and you can smell the
pumpkin it smells very sweet and I'm not
a big lover of sweet scent so anything
that's kind of like butter icing or like
a cupcake I'm never a huge fan of those
saying that it's not as strong as like
the Yankee Candle sense which I do find
quite sickly this is kind of like a good
amount it's not too intense although I
haven't lit it so I don't know for sure
if you're wondering Zoey
how on earth are you ever gonna burn
this many candles in autumn I mean it's
gonna be Christmas and you're gonna
blink and then you're gonna have to get
all the Christmas ones well I don't know
I don't know I'm gonna burn all these
candles but I'm gonna blow won't try my
hardest to be fair I am I am always one
of these people that has a candle
burning somewhere in my house or
sometimes multiple rooms it's like
building those layers you know building
the sense no just me okay in that same
range with the little pumpkins on the
lid
there's the caramel pumpkin swirl I
believe this is one of my faves oh this
smells so good I'm not particularly sure
what a caramel swirl is but mixed with
pumpkin it smells really nice again it's
quite a sweet scent so if you're not
keen on sweet if you're more kind of I
feel like with autumnal and Christmas
scented candles you you can go down the
kind of sweet scents and then you can go
down the spicy sense do you know what I
mean
this goes down the sweet route but it
does have a hint of spice in it so it
kind of I guess this one kind of sits in
the middle pumpkin pie your classic I
feel like everyone needs to have this at
this time of the year if you don't have
a candle and you're watching this in
your candle lever like me I know there's
more of you out there reassure me on
this one please if you are a candle
lover and you don't have a flippin
pumpkin candle right now then what are
you doing go out and buy a pumpkin
candle and if you're in America you're
in luck because they got these very ones
okay let me smell it for you now I
honestly this is my favorite one so far
this smells so incredible straight-up
pumpkin pie on the spicy route smells
amazing again you can you can kind of
like you could want to eat this I feel
like but I just amazing love it
next sweater weather this isn't a
different race this one has like copper
leaves on it and this one this is the
one that smells of Steve okay so me now
here a friend called Steve Booker and he
wears a certain scent or he has a hair
gel or something or is it your deodorant
Steve I just don't know but this candle
smells of you and won't mean are we
opened it we both just man it smells of
Steve it's a lovely smell by the way
just to clarify it's a really nice smell
it's very fresh I know a lot of people
would read this and go sweater weather
what kind of a scent is sweater weather
I'll tell you I'll try and tell you it's
a very fresh kind of aftershave e
freshly washed
kind of smell always like you've put on
a fresh jumper
maybe it's steves like laundry powder or
something just a very nice cozy smell I
really like that one really like it it's
not what I thought it would smell like
next one still in this same little
collection is marshmallow fireside or
toast them marshmallows so when I first
looked at this I expected this to be one
of those sickly sweet smells almost so
sickly because anything that usually has
marshmallow in it I can't handle it like
gives me a headache and it makes it feel
a bit sick and it is a bit sickly this
one doesn't smell like that you kind of
get the smell of the fire and the smell
of the kind of burning and it it's
really nice I really like it it's not
overpowering on the marshmallows side at
all I really really like that mmm
that'll be a nice one for the evenings
you can also burn different scented
candles at different times of the day
which is what I'll be doing if I ever
want to get through all these candles
this one is called flannel again with
the lower leaves this is a strange one
because I don't really know what this
has to do with autumn apart from flannel
blankets but it smells really lovely I
would like this in the summer too
however this is probably my least
favorite one only because if you shut
your eyes and sniff this it smells like
a man that's just got out the shower
let's put his deodorant on and slapped a
bit of aftershave on his face you know
what I mean like like a man before a
night out that's what this smells like
so it is kind of like I don't know it
wasn't what I was expecting and it is my
least favorite um however I don't
dislike it
I just think this could be an all
year-round candle to be honest great for
the bedroom maybe even before a night
out if you're a man this next one is
simply called autumn let's smell what
autumn smells like autumn smells good
albeit a little bit VOE what is that
not quite BOE but when you've sweat a
little bit in your deodorant yeah it
does smell like that I don't dislike it
weirdly it's kind of like a fresh smell
it's very leafy this one smells like
leaves and a little bit like tomato leaf
the candle by Joe Malone that is why I
like this this is a very nice fresh
scent for the kitchen don't be put off
by my first description of this it's
actually really nice second-to-last
kitchen spice I pick this one up this
could be an all year round one actually
I'm not really too sure but to me
kitchen spice screams kind of Christmas
this time of the year so I picked it up
I forgot what it smells like oh okay
this is a Gooden and I'll tell you why I
tell you why this is a good one two
years ago in 2013 Tanya burr recommended
a candle to me from Laura Mercier and it
was black the thing was black and the
actual candle was a dark red and the
main smell were sent in that was
chestnuts it was roasted chestnut and it
was one of my favorite candles I burnt
it it was it was one of the only candles
I've ever had where I sparingly burnt it
and every time I did I was like oh my
god need to blow out because it's going
and then I thought it doesn't matter
I'll get one next year 2014 came and
laura mercier did not bring out the
candle I was gutted Oh such eBay I've
searched high and low for this candle
because it's the chestnuts smell like
the chestnut warmth to the candle that I
really like
and it's also a kind of variation on
something edible and being spicy rather
than dead born sweet which you don't
often get it was like really lovely I
don't know it was just amazing and this
smells like that so Tanya if you're
watching because I know Tanya we like
the candle as well this smells like it
it smells incredible oh my god I love it
so it smells like roasted chestnuts
basically and for that I'm gonna say
this was also one of my favorites
because it now means I have something
that smells like the laura mercier
candle I have one more but I want to
show you which is over there this one is
called leaves now I have had this before
because when I came to the US for like
one of the first times a lot of you guys
obviously who were also very excited
about Bath and Body Works and knew I
would love it gave me some of the small
candles and someone gave me a small
version of this and I used to burn it in
my old house so in 2013 back when I
lived with my dad and my brother
I had this candle and I really loved the
smell of this this was the first one I
lit I had it burning all of yesterday in
the background it's it smells like a
sunny crisp autumn walk that's the best
way I can describe it I really like this
a lot it's really nice and it also just
reminds me of autumn because I've burnt
it um lot in two years ago so as I'm
burning this and as I walk past the room
even I can smell this candle even when
it's not left and I really like it
okay so top picks I'm gonna say leaves
kitchen spiced pumpkin pie those are my
three tops I was originally thinking if
I don't like some I can kind of disperse
them among friends and family that's not
gonna happen now though is it because I
like so many of them I am Malvo going to
be um
burning them to their heart's content
now I've shown them in a video because I
was just kind of waiting till I'd filmed
this to be honest okay so that is
everything I hope you've enjoyed this
video it's a little bit more kind of
laid-back and specific but I really
enjoyed bombing this
and I hope it's made you a bit more
excited to run out and grow out to run
out and grab some kind of autumn eat
candles I'm kind of guessing that bath
and Bodyworks is going to get their
christmas range in soon which could
potentially be another haul I
I just love candles like I reassure in
the comments that I'm not the only crazy
candle lady and let me know if there are
any that you really love out of these or
any others that you buy kind of on a
yearly basis or any that remind you of
this time I'm not necessarily a Bath &
Body Works if you've got any other
brands especially if we can get hold of
them in the UK I'm sure it would be
really helpful to anyone else in the
comments as well so thank you very much
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I will see you very soon
goodbye
