hi everybody as you can see this video
is all of a sudden very autumnal and
that is because I am going to be doing a
kind of everyday autumn makeup look this
is a look that I've been wearing quite a
lot recently and a lot of you have been
asking me how I've done it and which
products I've used to do it so I thought
it would be good to do a kind of updated
version because I have actually done
this video last year and it is very very
similar although now I am using slightly
different products so it's kind of
basically an updated autumn makeup
routine I've brought back I'm a little
autumn tree much too alby's absolute
horror because he hates it um and I've
got a candle lit down here which is
leaves by Bath & Body Works and it
smells incredible in here as you can see
I have zero makeup on right now I'm
having a little bit of a spot crisis but
that's okay because so is like everyone
else in the world unless you're one of
those really lucky people that just have
perfect skin in which case I envy you
and also well done share your secret
anyway I'm gonna get started because
this is gonna be a long video of why
I've already put my serum on and put my
moisturizer on so the first thing I'm
gonna be doing is putting on my
foundation at the moment I am really
loving this foundation which is the Born
This Way two-faced foundation I just
feel like it has really great coverage
and looks nice the shade I am the shade
I am is ivory it's like a little ice gem
I love ice gem using a dirty Real
Techniques brush by Sam and Nick Chapman
I didn't think about wearing a jumper
with two lights on me and candle burning
in the same tiny room needless to say
I'm very hot right now now I'm gonna use
two shades of collection lasting
perfection concealer I like to use
really light one under my eyes in fair
and then on my skin I use cool medium so
any areas that I need to put a little
bit of concealer on with my spots so I'm
just gonna put a little bit on the back
of my hand
so I don't want to transfer bacteria
into the pot I'm going to use my Beauty
Blender which is a new addition to my
makeup one that I actually really like I
feel like this is gonna be in my
favorites this month okay
naughty puffy naughty puppy no you're
not supposed to eat that no this is not
a game come on you can get out I always
feel like if you spend a bit more time
making sure your base is good then
everything else kind of follows quite
easily just gonna put a little bit the
fat and my eyes
okay concealer and foundation done it is
now time to powder I am actually going
to use the Mac Studio Fix powder this is
a little bit more of a heavy coverage I
know some people that use this just for
like foundation but I just wanted to try
it I bought it the other day because so
many people rave about it that I kind of
just went out and got it I'm using my
Sigma blush brush in f9 to
powdered now it's time for bronzer and I
have been loving hoola by benefit I have
this in my favorite so I'm gonna whack
some of that on and I'm gonna use the
same brush actually
I'm now going to Charlotte Tilbury
film-star bronze & Glow scoped and
highlight just to add a little bit more
definition
I can see floaty stars does that mean
I'm about to faint
nah I'll be fine
I'm now gonna use a little bit of the
highlight and pop that on the tops of my
cheekbones or whatever cheekbones I've
got here he's got great cheekbones and a
Ciccone jolie she's got beautiful
cheekbones
I always stare at them whenever she
talks to me nice next is Kiko blusher in
tribal Sol baked blush in wild mo this
is amazing I'm pretty sure I put this in
a favourites at some point but it's
really very beautiful
and it smells of like vanilla I'm gonna
try it it doesn't taste of vanilla okay
and the brush I'm using for this is the
maestro 148 which is one of my all-time
favorite brushes it's just amazing I'm
gonna put a little bit of eye primer on
this is the Estee Lauder pure color in
two which is halo and it's just a really
lovely kind of matte beige I mean if
that's lovely at all I don't I don't
know if that's lovely or not smart kind
of rank though not gonna lie
I've zoomed in a little bit so you can
see the eyes a bit clearer I do want to
just quickly apologize this tape my
eyebrows I'm currently waiting to get
them spreaded and I didn't really want
to pluck them before this video because
then I knew I would have hated myself
when it actually came to going to get
them plucked because you're supposed to
leave them aren't you it's very
difficult that is one thing that's
actually quite difficult about getting
your brows done okay so for the eyes I'm
gonna use this which I have absolutely
raved about if any of you follow my blog
then you'll know that I've spoken about
this since I think 2010 2011 and it is
Naz is old or eyes old and it's really -
really beautiful kind of burnt orange
shimmery gold shades that really make
blue eyes stand out and I just go back
to this all the time so I definitely
wanted to use this here and this is one
that I actually use most of the time I'm
surprised it's not more dented than this
so I'm going to use the darker shade and
I'm just gonna pop that kind of from the
middle out
but don't worry at this point it doesn't
need to be neat hop-hop hat sponge your
eyeball mmm
and again on the other side
this is already so autumnal if I needs
and conquers all things great pop a
little bit of Mac and the lights on the
inner corner it's gonna use the same
brush goes
okay now you want to get a tiny teeny
tiny little shader brush and you want to
put a little bit of amber lights just
underneath the eye
and kind of bring it into the center
just past the center now you're gonna
want a blending brush and I'm going to
use a matte shade this I believe is
charcoal Brown and I'm gonna just pop a
little bit of that in there and I'm
gonna go in the outer V
when they going to use a slightly
fluffier brush this is the Sigma tapered
blending and I'm just gonna blend the
whole thing
I'm just going to take a smidgen of
slightly darker Matt Brown and I'm gonna
go right in the crease and kind of give
that a little bit more definition
gets the key to this look is to just
really blend every autumnal color in
your eyeshadow palette until it looks
okay I'm gonna then put a little bit of
the not quite as dark brown to this one
just in the outer part underneath the
bottom lash line
this kind of brings the whole thing in
together now next thing I'm gonna do is
my brows I'm where this is kind of
strange order of doing my eye makeup but
I kind of feel like once I have the eye
shadow on and then I put my brows on it
doesn't look as scary just gonna use
that same brown and a little angled
brush and I kind of just do like really
small hair like strokes
this looks so weird I always find where
you've just had your brows done it takes
like no time at all to do your brows
however when you need to get them done
it takes a really long time and that is
the issue I'm having right now okay this
looks really weird but my eyebrows are
done next up is the little cat flick and
I'm gonna use the Charlotte Tilbury the
feline flick which is amazing Pro to the
cat eye gods that I actually get this
right
so now it's time for mascara which I
always find makes the most map
difference this is the Maybelline lash
sensational it's incredible
lots of edibles earth
okay mascara damn just gonna put a teeny
bit of highlighter under my brow bone
using the little fluffy brush again and
I'm going to use Mac's vanilla no nylon
Mac nylon now it's time for my favorite
bit the lipstick Charlotte Tilbury
Glastonbury and never stop going on
about it
I do think that if you're not used to
wearing a dark lipstick it is really
good to use a lip liner because it is
quite a dark color however I reckon I
could probably put that on in the dark
because I put on so much so I'm kind of
used to doing it but if you struggle a
little bit with darker colors I would
recommend using a lip liner first or
using a lip brush and kind of just
stabbing it on your lipstick and then
applying it around your lip line before
filling it in with the actual lipstick
okay so this is the finished look it is
gold on the eyes and a fairy tone on the
lips I absolutely love it it's just
basically my autumn makeup look most of
you will know this because in my second
channel videos I'm basically wearing it
everyday Hey
so I really hope you guys enjoyed this
makeup look let me know if any of you
have any alternatives to any of the
items I've listed above maybe some
cheaper options or let me know what your
go-to autumn look is because I feel like
a lot of us have them or maybe we don't
and I'm in the minority they don't know
either way I would love to know my
relaunched blog is now live so there
will be a link in the description box
go on over check out I've already put
two new blog posts up which I think you
will really enjoy and yeah it just makes
me very happy that I am back to blogging
so expect there to be a lot more content
on there it's even got like fairy lights
on it and stuff I'm really happy with it
really really happy with it I think
you'll really like it give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and if
you're as excited for autumn as I am
thanks so much for watching guys I'll
see you again soon
