hello everyone is favorites time once
again so I'm going to get straight into
it because I have quite a lot of
favorites this month and they are taken
up largely by lip product so I don't
quite know what went on this month but
apparently I liked lips a lot also feel
very kind of self-conscious that you
feel as though I'm wearing like I'm
around a shirt right now no there's
anything wrong with the Miranda shirt I
do love them although it wasn't quite
the look I was going for I'm gonna start
the skincare the first thing I've been
really enjoying is the LA roche-posay oh
micellar micellar water for sensitive
skin I have just really really liked it
my skin was having a bit of a freak out
recently and I don't know why I think it
was just kind of like hormones or
something I'm not sure and I started
using this and I kind of I feel like I'm
noticing a lot more of a difference I
always try and explain my skin to people
as like it's quite see-through like my
skin kind of I'll get a spot and it will
eat it will never heal quickly um almost
like it's healing but got like deeper
down but you can still see it like the
skin on my face just isn't thick skin I
don't really know what I'm trying to say
all I know is that when I look at it you
can kind of see every mark from like the
last four years on my face I feel like I
feel like this has kind of in between
the newer spots I feel like this is
really evened out my skin around those
so I've been using this to take my
makeup off and then I've used my EMA
Hardy cleansing balm or I've actually
been doing it the other way as well and
I've also been using it when I've been
waking up in the morning just as like a
little like Shri fresh and yeah I've
just I've really been enjoying it next
thing I've been loving is this which is
the perricone md chloroplast a face mask
this is not cheap or budget-friendly I
believe this is pretty expensive for a
face mask
especially this which is only fifty nine
milliliters some really strange amounts
I just love it because my skin has been
having a bit of a freak out I've been
kind of using face masks a bit more I'm
really lazy when it comes to face masks
I always forget to do it I really enjoy
doing it I always forget that I have a
stash of face masks mainly because I
don't really know if they make much
difference on
but I do find that my skin feels very
clean and um very even after I've used
this and I just really enjoy using it
it's it's amazing
there aren't many face masks I think
I've ever recommended over my time on
YouTube but this is one that I find I
always reach for when I'm having kind of
a bit of trouble with my skin auction
action maker this popped into my P o box
and I was like oh that looks nice it's
by collection which is a very affordable
brand one that I actually really really
raped their concealer which is the
lasting perfection concealer is my Holy
Grail concealer and I was like this
looks amazing I'm gonna give it a try
and I absolutely love it so you've got
the contour on one side then you've got
the highlight on the other but they're
just really pigmented and they blend
really nicely and I just wasn't really
expecting it from this palette I'm
really chuffed with that I've been using
it a good on today as you can see my
highlight if you're looking for a
contour and highlight palette that isn't
super expensive this actually is just as
good I really really like it really
recommend that staying kind of with the
bronzer theme this is an oldie but a
goodie and one that I kind of reef all
in in love with and it is hoola by
benefit I just really love this bronzer
I feel like it goes with most skin tones
and it's just a really lovely shade of
brown matte shade perfect for dusting
lightly over any areas you kind of want
to be a little bit more tan or as a
contour even I just I do think it is one
of the best bronzers that that you can
get this next one is a new product and
it is by Too Faced and it's - Born This
Way Foundation
I think it's new I'm not actually too
sure so I am really super fussy with
foundations I tend to stick to ones I
know and love and I never really test
out any other foundations properly by
properly I mean wear it for like a whole
day
when it's sunny wear it for a whole day
when it's cold wear it for a whole day
with promo for a whole day with no
permit etc etc I don't try our
foundations enough generally I will try
one for one day and be like it's alright
and go back to the one I previously used
which is always nice sure glow but this
one has completely stood the test of
time and I actually find myself looking
forward to putting on my foundation in
the morning and that is when you know
you're using a really good foundation I
like this because it isn't it does not
feel heavy on your face but it gives a
really good coverage I would say it's
kind of medium depending on how much you
kind of buff it in yeah I I love it I
love the packaging I love it as a pump
so it doesn't get messy and it's
buildable too so you can literally put
as much as you want on it doesn't cake
it doesn't feel oily it doesn't it's
also not matte it's kind of somewhere in
between I really like it so if you're
looking for a new foundation maybe give
this one a while whoo
okay lip products this one is also an
oldie but a goodie and a lot of you
always ask me what lipstick this
particular lipstick is anytime I wear it
and it is the one I'm wearing today so
if you're sat there going oh my god I
want to know well hell it stick is
you're about to find out
hold on to your seats skin I get excited
so it is the matte revolution Charlotte
Tilbury in Glastonbury this is
definitely my Holy Grail go - without
fail lipstick and since fall or autumn
is literally just around the corner I
know that I can be wearing this pretty
much every single day although I do
think you can still wear this on sunny
days I'm definitely not saying that I
deaf but I do feel like it is a little
bit more of an autumnal color it's just
beautiful it's a deep berry wine shade
and it doesn't have too much red in it
there are a lot of amazing berry tones
but all have a kind of red undertone to
them and I think I like this one because
I feel like the red is massively
outweighed by the purple undertone and
I just kind of feel like it really suits
my skin color plus the packaging is rose
gold and it's just beautiful and it is
one of the best quality lipsticks that I
have in terms of staying power in terms
of like wearability and application I
just really really liked it I do have
other berry colors surprise surprise
but none of them really compare to this
so yes highly highly rate this lipstick
and other Charlotte Tilbury lipsticks
actually they're just amazing but this
color in particular is my absolute
must-have going into autumn these next
lip products I have two of that I've
really been loving are called colour-pop
ultra matte lips so these are
essentially a lip color like a lipstick
in liquid form which I know a lot of
people tend to stay away from they're
very very matte they can be very drying
so you need to make sure you definitely
moisturize your lips before wearing them
but they also look awesome if you wear
them properly and if you use the correct
shades so I have really been loving
these two one of them is vice which is
this slightly lighter pinky shade and
the other one is MIDI which is kind of
like a coffee Newser like slightly more
brown undertones the staying power is
unreal like nothing I have ever tried
before ever I've struggled to get these
off they're that good um so you need to
make sure you have like a super good
makeup remover before you put these on
amazing for a night out if you were
going on a night out because it would
just last all night regardless of how
much you had to drink or how many people
you might have smooched not that that's
what I do my nights out I don't go on
nights out I literally am an old person
in a 25-year olds body they've got
pretty much every color you could ever
imagine
I have a couple more here just to show
you because in case you didn't believe
me so I have this cherry red which is in
the shade succulent and believe me they
come out like the colors in the jus
completely
this orangey color which is in the shade
Pacific and this one which I kept for
Halloween or if I was feeling brave
because this is just outright purple
this isn't berry this is just outright
purple and this is called a zipper look
at that it's like unreal and they drive
really quickly too so you don't have to
worry about smudgy smudge this sticking
with beauty my friend
Tanya burr you probably know her if you
don't shame on you has just re-released
her makeup line so it's all new
packaging but with a lot of her original
shades and colors which I was really
grateful for because there were some I
was really in love with but this one is
actually a new one I believe and it is a
nail polish in duvet day have it on my
nails today I love it it's a really
lovely kind of blue egrave mostly gray
I'm obsessed with the shade and I also
love her packaging so much it's really
lovely and another thing that I've been
really enjoying oh I just realized I
left a tiny piece of plastic on the end
another thing I've really been enjoying
is her lip gloss in daydream because
it's just a beautiful nude look at this
gorgeous gorgeous so those are the two
Tanya burr products I've been obsessed
with since the relaunch of her line
which she does have in superdrug so make
sure you go and check that out or let me
know which your favorites are I'm sure
Tanya would also love to know okay on to
random favorites now I have three random
favorites oh my goodness my hands looks
like ETS hand when he reaches out for
the M&Ms in the in the park you know
when he's like
for the M&Ms by the way this is dried
now can you see it's like matte it looks
really cool anyway first random thing is
a book this book is called the
life-changing magic of tidying and it's
by Marie Kondo I first heard about this
book on Twitter when Lily pebbles said
that she was reading it or she was about
to read it or it was ironic that she
hadn't read it and had a teasing on it
or something I'm sorry Lily I've totally
forgotten your tweet and I replied
saying Alfie would absolutely probably
love me to read this because as you guys
may or may not know I'm not the tiniest
person when it comes to everything
pretty much I'm a hoarder I collect
things I'm too sentimental for my own
good I hold on to as much as I can even
when my drawers don't shut anymore and
he actually ordered me one on Amazon
Prime and it arrived the next day and I
read it in one day this really is
life-changing so far I found this
extremely interesting she goes into a
lot of depth about clutter and the
overall kind of premise of it is that if
you hold something in your hand and you
don't feel any joy from that item
whether it's I don't know some makeup
item or an item of clothing then you
should get rid of it you should only
keep things in your house or in your
surroundings that bring you joy when you
look at them or when you touch them so I
have been decluttering my life started
with my makeup then on to my beauty
products which are two separate
categories when you have so many and
then I went on to my clothes and I have
yet to do random crap but I have managed
to get rid of so much stuff it it's
actually unreal and I look at it and I
feel really ashamed that I ever had that
much stuff I'm just like where did this
all come from I just found this amazing
if you're a bit like me and you find
that you don't enjoy your living space
or that you have too much stuff and you
think you need it all but you don't
realize you actually don't which is a
really long confusing sentence you need
to read this it is
amazing thanks for mentioning that on
Twitter Lily I'm sure Alfie is thrilled
the next random thing is this Marks and
Spencers all butter Belgian chocolate
chunk cookies if you're being healthy
look away now because these are probably
so unhealthy but I will drop down dead
after eating a pack of these but I
honestly don't care they are amazing
like so good they're like melt in the
mouth amazing cookies so if you're in
Marks & Spencer's and you happen to be
walking past these I also recommend the
white chocolate ones as well they're
really good but yeah
chocolate chunk ones can't go wrong with
them the other favorite is something I'm
actually drinking right now and it is
this it's the coolest Empress rhubarb
blends with sweet apples and sparkling
water well move
I don't ever eat move up like ever
I don't eat actually I really like
rhubarb and custard sweets
yeah but I don't eat them really I think
the last time I do Bob on custard sweet
I was in primary school because we used
to have them on Fridays as a treat from
the sweet teacher we were all good yeah
it tastes so good if you don't like
rhubarb obviously you wouldn't like this
and I didn't think I would like it
because I'm not really a rhubarb II
person you get these and kind of like
select little like delis and things um
but I just really liked it it tastes
like it tastes like rhubarb and custard
sweets but like sparkling in this again
probably not very healthy but since when
have I ever really been that
health-conscious so that is it for my
August favorites I can't believe it's
nearly September like what the hell what
the hell I almost think that because I'm
so excited for autumn and winter and
Christmas that's what's making the time
go so quickly so I'm really sorry if
you're one of these people that's not
really that first about it you're
probably really annoyed that I'm making
the time go quicker because I have
special powers thank you so much for
watching give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and let me know your
favorites in the comments below as
always I love you good bye they see me
rollin they hatin I wish my hands were
bigger than this oh my I look good out
who's a hair no
