hello everybody today I have a hair
video for you you guys all seem to
really love my hair tutorials or hair
how to's not that I am a hair expert as
you will know but as I learn I like to
share so that you guys can learn also
one hairstyle that I've been wearing a
lot more recently since I've had my hair
chopped off is a half updo top not not
that this is like extremely
groundbreaking or anything a lot of you
have been asking me to show you how I
recreate that so I thought that I would
do that as a little midweek video just
to kind of show you how I do it and also
I have a strange little finger that is I
have a trapped nerve sometimes it
happens so how we're gonna do it with
this bull bleep finger and I promise you
I'm trying really hard to keep it still
I don't even know if you can see how
much that's modeling before filming this
video I washed and blow dried my hair
and to do that I use the alberto above
some stunning shine shampoo with sesame
oil
i love sesame oil I've said this so many
times my hair just really thanks me for
it every time I use it just feels very
nice and soft and it does add shine
especially when you have kind of blond
blond bits in your hair I just find that
blonde is never as shiny so it's harder
to get that and it smells so good so I
used the shampoo and I used the
conditioner it's still a little bit damp
and then when my hair was towel dried
and I then went on to properly dry it I
gave a few spritz of this just through
just through my hair and it is the
Alberto balsam blends stunning shine
shine spray oh hello Nala come to join
me would you like some shine spray gnar
actually does have the shiniest forever
I'm quite jealous
smells peachy it smells like summer in a
bottle so my hair is prepped and super
soft and now comes the part where Nava
shows everyone have fun
leave Malcolm alone you gonna sit good
girl
you just like being in my video so yeah
it was like you're doing a video about
hair wow I have a lot luck I can sit in
for this one so I'm just gonna brush
through and you want to take kind of
just using your fingers really you want
to take your fingers up kind of aiming
towards the back and the top in the
middle of your head with both your
fingers then once you are happy with how
much hair you have not too much so as
you can see I've kind of left some back
down just up here because my hair's
quite thick and I'm just gonna use a
normal hair band to secure that on top
of my head then the next thing you're
gonna want to do is kind of just pull at
the ponytail just pull bits of hair out
I like to do this because sometimes it's
nice to have it really tight to your
head but I actually kind of prefer when
it looks a bit more kind of undone and a
little bit messy I also take these bits
out can't have things looking too
perfect round here you want it basically
so that when you look at yourself you
can see it not hidden English grammar
great you then want to get one of these
little clear elastic bands you can get
these in like most hair flaysome get and
in like big boxes because they are the
sort of thing that break that you lose
the light the things that you find under
your sofa when you move your sofa not
that anyone ever does that often then
you want to take your ponytail and you
want to twist it
this will be a little bit harder if you
have short layers so this bit you'll
want to focus on a bit more like a bit
tighter but you don't have to be too
tight and then you want to kind of bring
it around bring it round get your clear
elastic
and then kind of just get it to how you
want it like pull bits out let's tuck
bits away this is the bit way you can
kind of have a bit more control over
kind of what it looks like so my right
now is kind of big so I'm gonna get some
little bobby pins I'm gonna secure the
front down just pop them in anywhere
really if you see a bit that you don't
like and you think it's sticking out too
much
let's get your pin and just push it in
it kind of like roots it as well it kind
of keeps it really like down on your
head and then I find it lasts a lot
longer even if you love the shape of
your bun it is always good to put a few
bobby pins in okay I'm really happy with
that sometimes I start again I think
things like this are so much about trial
and error and like don't get
disheartened if you've done it three
times and it still doesn't look right
the trick is to wing it like you just
pull your hair up into a ponytail twist
it round and then as long as you've got
that far twisting it around the ponytail
it's kind of down to you you can have it
smaller you can have it bigger once
you've secured that first elastic band
over it you can really pull it and make
it anything you want it to be and then
you can also control how it looks and
the shape of it with the bobby pins
that's my hair done for the day
I'm now just gonna put a bit of
hairspray on it just to keep any little
flyaways down I've got the Tresemme
Salon touchable feel this is superior
hold it's also huge and I know that this
is gonna go missing and Alfie is gonna
steal it from me and there you have it a
half updo top knot which is kind of my
go-to and I'm like no I don't really
want to have my hair down today and I
can't bother to curl it I'm gonna do
also great to disguise kind of unfresh a
little bit greasy hair got Malcolm on
one side and another on the other thanks
so much for watching guys if you do
recreate this hair look then
sure to tweet me a picture or tack me on
instagram i will leave my social media
links in the description below and don't
forget the video thumbs up and I will
see you again very soon bye
