hello everybody welcome to my living
room I have never filmed a video here
before ever I found a video on this sofa
before I'm pretty sure but never in this
room with this sofa so welcome to my
living room hope you like it make
yourself at home grab a blanket I do
have a basket of them down here because
there's nothing better than getting cozy
on the sofa with blankets what was I
actually meant to be doing in this video
so today I'm going to be doing a
stationary haul I don't like to say the
words back to school because growing up
whenever I saw that in shops and things
hello Nala are you showing them your
Ali's not as being poorly guys but she's
home now and that makes me very turning
in the kisses look sad
yeah as I was saying I hate the term
back to school because I remember as a
teenager or growing up whenever I saw
that in shop windows it made my stomach
do that flippy thing that was like oh no
summer holidays are nearly over and that
makes me really sad and then I have to
go back to school and things gonna just
get harder and harder and harder and
harder so what I'm gonna say is it's
almost time for a new year new start and
that means new stationery is one thing
that always made me feel better about
going back to school and that was new
pencil case new pens new pads new
everything and then I was alright with
it you know why go to school anymore it
has been a while I'm getting old school
is no more however that doesn't mean I
don't love stationery anyway and I
wanted to do this regardless of whether
it was almost the end of the summer
holidays because I've been trying to get
a lot more organized with my life
and that means
a lot more notebooks a lot more planners
and a lot more stationery first thing I
picked up was actually from Paper Chase
and it is a magnetic meal planner myself
and Alfie are kind of bad with cooking
we are kind of takeaway people eating
out people and it's really bad and we're
trying to get a lot better at it I
really like the sound of this because
you've got a shopping list on one side
and then you've got Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
Sunday and notes and you can cry just
make a list of the things you want to
eat and that means breakfast lunch and
dinner so I like that because I feel
like when you can actually see the
things you want to eat or you know the
things that are in your fridge and
you're like right I've gone out and I've
bought porridge
I've bought yogurt I bought fruit I'm
gonna have fruit salad on Monday I'm
gonna have porridge on Tuesday and have
your and honey on Wednesday so when you
get up you literally just look at it and
go alright I don't know I just feel like
sometimes making lists is really good
for your brain and I don't think that
means to stop at lists of meals so I
liked that I don't know if it's gonna
make us cook more I hope so um but yeah
it's a good start anyway these next
three things are from a place called
paper sauce which is really easy to get
hold off in the u.s. I believe but they
actually sent me these things and I and
I love them I'm so sad though because I
went online to place another order of
things that I absolutely loved and they
don't ship to the UK but they just send
me these to IPO box so some of things
get sent the first one is this little
mini one and it's an August 2015 -
December 2016 which is perfect
I like these I feel like I stick to the
ones that start our August through more
so than I would if I had to start one in
January I don't know why I feel like I'm
more productive in August and at the
start of a new year
just the way my brain works I don't even
know myself and I just really like it I
just think well that's a really good one
to pop in your handbag the next one I'm
going to use for YouTube and blog and
other things like that and it's another
August 2 2016 and you've got personal
information then you've got the grid
again Oh donut but I just I really love
how this looks visually I just think
that it looks really good so I can make
a list of the videos I want to film when
I want to put them up and also blog
posts this has got to be one of my
favorite things I find it so difficult
to find a planner or a journal that I
actually really enjoy and that I use a
lot and that has the capacity for me to
put everything in it um so when I got
this I was like okay this looks this
looks good all I've got in these ones is
Joe's birthday Amelia's birthday this is
a little bit more different it does have
a grid calendar somewhere ego so you've
got the option to have grid Sunday
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday 5:00
Saturday and you've got blocks so you
can add different things to each block
so depending on what you want to make
notes about or what's going on in your
life you could even do a.m. p.m. after
lunch evening but I really like that and
I've been filling that out well and it's
been keeping me a lot more organized
I just find sometimes writing things
down kind of cements it in my head
more so than if I was to kind of type up
and put it kind of into the webosphere
so really been loving that this is from
Liberty and it's a kind of similar thing
except I feel like this is a lot more
what's the word editorial you've got a
week ahead of you and you can write you
know individual to-do lists on that and
I think that would be awesome I am a
huge fan of to-do list so on two
notebooks the first lot are also from
liberty and these are the botanicals
note
collection by rifle Paper Co they're
just so cute I'm going to take the
wrapper for you I think they're so
beautiful
um and they're like really nice and like
bendy again useful to use and not so big
that it would take you absolutely years
to fill one up um so I really really
like those you can use some corporate
things very pretty
I bought these from Topshop they are
donut um what are they called sticky
notes been a long day they sounded like
the best idea ever
however I have since been using them and
I've come up with one major floor and
that floor is you don't really have a
lot space to write anything so yeah now
it wouldn't be a stationery hall without
mentioning one of my best friend's Jim
Chapman has released a stationary line
and the first thing I have to show you
is this notebook that says pin me friend
me follow me like me is a five which is
like the perfect size and I love the
colors and I just I love everything
about it
I'm so proud of Jim I saw his designs
ages ago for this stuff so it makes me
really happy that he's like got
something I can have the next one I
really like is this teeny teeny tiny one
which again is amazing for to-do lists
and it says notes to selfie the sort of
notes to self I see what you did there
Jim I see what you did there
the next thing I kind of feel like he's
aimed this at me not gonna lie
long time no blog in fact it says long
time no blog and it's a cute pencil case
these are the pencil cases that I used
to have in school because I was always
one of those people that let my pencil
case over feel so much that I could
never find anything so I would always
opt for the top of the little kind of
skinny ones and I like these four kind
of pens and pencils not colouring ones
just you know your standard pens pencils
etc which I do need to add to this I
also just want to say it's smell this
smells amazing like the plastic I know
that makes me sound crazy but if you've
got one of these go and get it and sniff
it right now
smells like armbands or like a rubber
ring on holiday a really cute and
clearly aimed at me long time no block
because I've not blogged in a real long
time speaking of my blog is actually
having a redesign right now so it is
going to be launching hopefully the end
of August beginning of September so keep
your eyes peeled for that I'm very
excited about it very very excited the
next one does have all my pens in it and
this one says eat sleep blog repeat
repeated sleep blog repeat this is my
favorite pencil case that Jim has
brought out hence why I've already got
all my coloring pens in it which I am
going to go through because some of them
are really great pens and you might want
some I hate when my battery flushes
because it really it's like someone kind
of standing behind the camera going
even though there isn't anyone doing
that and I don't have to hurry up it
still puts me on edge lately
they are kind of pastel colors and you
get a kind of thicker felt tip at one
end and then a thin fine liner at the
other end and they're called art and
graphic twin pens by Zig I think that
they had lots of different ones they
have brightly colored ones
like I mean what other kind of color
monochrome even I think I bought a
monochrome ones before they're also
great for you know those amazing
coloring books I'm absolutely obsessed
with got the Johanna Basford ones and
these are perfect for that or just you
know highlighting things lighting making
lists doing the the things you need to
do I really like them I'm so sad they're
just so pretty to look at look at them
the next lot of pens that I picked up
with these which are metallic fluid
metallic brush markers from paper mania
these are so cool again coloring in or
you know titles and things bits and
pieces I don't know the things you use
colorful pens for but they're all
metallic I'm really metallic so I've
been really enjoying using these I also
picked up some brightly colored rainbow
glitter pens because why the heck not
bitter is extremely fun and I flew it
would be a nice addition to my pencil
case and my felt tip
so that is my little James and Friends
pencil case and all the other amazing
things he has in the collection there
are also lots of other things so make
sure you go and check them out I am very
proud of Jim for his new range and so is
Marla now
one other very special person in my life
has also released something which fits
into my stationery category and that is
my best
chummy Louise and she has brought out
the sprinkleofglitter diary 2016
motivation life is too short and
impactful not to live it exactly as you
please very true very wise words so
you've got a little bit of the back for
notes and you've got you know all the
other bits and pieces that you would
ever want a diary along with lots of
really cute little extras and Here I am
on this page I could pick nits grab your
friends and make the most of the first
weekend in May cute also very proud of
my chummy for this I think it's going to
be a really nice addition to a lot of
people's like school bags work bags
desks it's just really lovely and also
really good size it's not too big all of
it but if everything in my stationery
hall
I really hope you've enjoyed this video
let me know if I'm missing anything I
feel like I'm probably not I feel like
I've gone way overboard on stationery um
but anyway I like it and hopefully this
will help me on my journey to a more
organized life I doubt it but it's got
to start somewhere and this is where a
starting give video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I love you very much and I
will see you again Bracy oh hello what
you doing you've been a naughty girl are
you barking be barking everything
yes she is now she's eating my blanket
no not the throw that's the throw no
positive reinforcement positive
reinforcement don't give out any praise
don't give any attention she's wrecking
I like saying it hey hey Milo something
something something already
