hello everybody today I am going to be
showing you how to make funfetti
cupcakes they are essentially vanilla
cupcakes with vanilla buttercream and
lots and lots of color and sprinkles and
they're just really super fun and
scrumming let's go okay so you will need
for the actual cakes 2x free-range large
125 grams of caster sugar 125 grams of
butter at room temperature and 125 grams
of self-raising flour which you can
sieve you will also need these amazing
sprinkles these ones I actually got from
ebay because some of the supermarket's
don't really stop brightly colored
sprinkles
so I basically went on the hunt for the
most brightly colored sprinkles I could
find which always make fun patty cakes
look way more fun
you'll also need bicarbonate soda could
also want some vanilla extract this
actually says so well as vanilla extract
this actually got sent to me this is my
own brand and you'll also want some
whole milk which is chilled for the
buttercream you are going to want 335
grams of sifted icing sugar and you're
also going to want 150 grams of butter
unsalted again at room temperature also
going to need a little bit of milk and a
little bit of vanilla extract equipment
that might come in very useful is a
spatula almost forgot this was cooled
down this is just a silicone one really
very handy I also have two mini spatulas
which are actually the most handy thing
ever because they can really get in
around kind of these areas when you're
trying to get stuff off a ice cream
scoop or a cookie dough scoop this is
the perfect size for the amount of
mixture that you need to put in the
cupcake cases I found so
it's what I use and I also have a wooden
spoon that says so another signature
baked on it I just thought this was cute
and I kind of wanted to use it because
it got sent to me and it's just awesome
you're also going to want a disposable
piping bag I've just found that these
ones are way easier than cleaning them
out and you kind of just snip the end
and pop the nozzle in this is a metal
nozzle and it's an 8 star nozzle trust
me it makes the icing look epic one
other thing that is also extremely
helpful when making cakes is a
KitchenAid a blender a mixer whatever
you want to call it or whatever you've
got or you could just use your trusty
wooden spoon and a bottle either way
absolutely fine it just means you know
you're working a bit more muscle if you
do it the harder way I'm going to take
the easy route plus it's copper and I
love it first thing you want to throw in
the bowl is the butter so that goes
straight in
lovely jubbly you're also going to want
to set your oven to 170 degrees C just
before you start baking it's always good
to be prepared now it's time to add your
sugar so you just pull that into the
mixing bowl
little bit stuck in the bottom don't
wanna be missin out on your blood sugar
next with the flour
ching-ching your 2x which I'm going to
crack into the bottle before in that
because if you get egg show in there it
becomes a lot more difficult
so I'm going to add the eggs in okay you
want to add quarter of a teaspoon of
bicarbonate of soda
a quarter teaspoon of vanilla extract
and one and a half tablespoons of your
whole milk look how cute this little
thing is
and you want to flip it down and you
just want to start off slow and then
work to a medium speed
and just using my spatula making sure
that all the ingredients are kind of off
the sides and just just nicely mix
really next bit is the most exciting bit
which is where you actually bring your
cupcakes to life a little bit and make
them funfetti cupcakes because
essentially all they are are vanilla
cupcakes with little bursts of color in
and what happens is the hundreds and
thousands melt in the cake mix whilst
they're in the oven kind of leaving
these little pockets of color which is
what makes them so exciting so you can
kind of decide basically how much you
want to put in I haven't read firm as
you move to this because some people
could really want to go to town with the
color and some people might just want to
add a little bit of color so I'm leaving
this completely up to you I am gonna
just see how this goes
I'm going to see what this looks like
and whether or not I'd add any more
so I would say make you start putting
them in the cupcake cases I'm using a
mini spatula to clean my spatula what is
my life right now
oh right Monica you have like the mini
goober to clean her Hoover you're going
to want to line your tin with your
cupcake cases I always like to use a
muffin tin because I find it gives the
cupcakes a bit more structure I have
used the traditional cupcake tin before
and they kind of spread out massive so
weirdly you get more neat small cupcakes
in a muffin tin and larger more
strangely shaped cupcakes in a cupcake
tin I don't know maybe I'm buying the
wrong tins either way I'm using a muffin
tin and I'm using these cupcake cases
which I bought from a baking website and
I just feel like they are perfect for
funfetti cakes because they're so
colorful and actually match my dress
which was what I was going for if I'm
completely honest because I own that
name
now it's time to put your mixture into
your cupcake cases using your trusty ice
cream scoop or a spoon
now it is time to put your cakes into
the oven for around 20 to 22 minutes you
basically just want them to look a
little bit brown on the top and be
bouncy to the touch so Starbound my
little funfetti cake
and now it's time to start on the butter
icing oh yeah so for the butter icing
you want to get your 150 grams of butter
and pop it back into a bowl now the
trick with buttercream is you need to
really really mix it you want to beat
the butter for a good five minutes
before you add any icing sugar in so
that the actual butter turns kind of
like a white color it's just a lot less
yellow basically
now as you can see the butter is super
creamy and it's gone a lot lighter in
color which means it's ready and now
it's time to add the icing sugar kind of
want to just add like 1/3 at a time I
would say and you want to sieve it in
I've already sipped it so I'm not going
to do that it's like dry ice tastes
delicious
okay just complement my cake now turn
this on on a low speed otherwise you
will get a cloud oh I can sugar it
anything add a bit more whoa
I just want to mix this for a further
two minutes until it's already combined
and looks super creamy now you want to
add the milk so you want one or two
tablespoons depending on how your
mixture looks at this point your
buttercream looks quite thick and we
want it to be a little bit thinner so
this is where we add the milk
I'm going to start with one and a half
just to see what that looks like and I'm
also going to add a quarter of a
teaspoon of vanilla extract
then what's that on a low speed and
gradually build up once you're done
mixing your butter icing should look
something like this now for the super
fun part where we use the piping bag and
put more sprinkles on top you can have
sprinkles in the buttercream if you
really want to but I didn't want to I
thought that would be crazy amount of
sprinkles so I'm just going to ice the
cake just with a plain vanilla
buttercream and then sprinkle the
sprinkles on top so you want to get your
piping bag and you just want to snip off
the end so you can slot your nozzle down
I'm going to go to about there pop it in
and there you go hold the bag over and
you want to start spooning your
buttercream into your package I also
just want to stress how important it is
to let your cupcakes cool completely
before you do this because otherwise the
buttercream starts to melt and the
butter and the icing sugar separate and
it does not look pretty so leave them
until they're cold
bring the icing bag background and twist
it this bit is always a little bit
tricky I make a right of mess here okay
so this is the super fun part where you
get to ice your cakes and they look good
touch would always start on the furthest
side and work closer to you so then you
don't end up messing any at the front
once you've done three you want to put
those sprinkles on because you want to
do it bust it's still wet
and just putting more of the buttercream
into the piping bag
starting in the middle and then working
your way round that middle one up on top
and pull from the center you just want
to leave the cupcakes for a while so the
buttercream can set a little bit and
then you just want to present them so
that you can give them to oil friends
and family or if you're having a party
then they look quite cool so I'm just
going to dot them around here
and there are your finished funfetti
cupcakes I think they're just really
good fun and they also taste delicious
so let me know if any of you found this
useful if you want to recreate these
then be sure to tag me on Twitter and
Instagram and then I can see your
beautiful creations
it is only right though that I try one
and let me see the inside because I know
you're all desperate to see what it
looks like mmm they taste amazing
look inside I really hope you guys have
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
if you did and if you want me to do more
baking videos and I will see you again
very soon
oh I'll take all these women ciao
