hello everyone today I'm going to be
doing a lush haul I have not done one of
these in so long and this one is a
little bit different because a friend of
mine went to lush in Oxford Street
recently and they have a lot of things
in there that are only in that store
because it's apparently huge I've not
been yet hence why when I knew my friend
was going I was like oh my god just grab
anything that's in there that you can't
get in any other lush stores and I'll
pay you back so that is what happened
and she came back with this massive bag
of stuff which I haven't gone through
yet because I wanted to do it on camera
for you um so it's kind of like a first
impressions slash haul but I didn't
choose myself but paid for the first
thing is this weight oh by the way we
have a little knowledge on here just
you're helping me aren't you
yeah just a little head poking out over
the top okay so this didn't have a label
on it so I had to go online and find out
what this one was but it is use oh and
cocoa and it's a bubble bubble arun or
bubble roon I'm kind of like a macaroon
but not and these are I think runabove
and pop this macaroon shaped bar into
the water for some serious indulgence
with moisturizing coconut oil and share
butter
yuzu yuzu and cocoa has a mood
brightening color and scent thanks to
our blend of citrus oils with a
chocolatey undertone coconut shea butter
get to work feeding your skin as you
soak while the citrus oils pep up your
mood okay I'm kind of glad I read that
because I would have assumed this would
be like a bubble bar that you have to
crumble but you don't you just throw it
in awesome oh it smells amazing you can
really smell the coconut and I am a huge
lover of coconut sense so I know I'm
going to read like this I also get quite
dry skin especially when it starts to
get a bit more cold outside so I feel
like that would be a really nice one to
give you kind of like a boost of
moisture the next thing this this is
screaming out to me it's got a
okay this is the pink flamingo flamingo
the pink flamingo oh okay
we might be able to do a bit of surgery
on him he might still be okay he's not
but you can you get the idea here we go
look at him Lala it's the pink flamingo
look at him Nala okay so he's definitely
going to be reusable because he's broken
into two pieces so far oh that's really
quite fresh actually it's really lovely
and it looks as though it has orange
inside I love this it's just so cute
okay I'm really excited to use him now
you can eat him Nala it smells good but
you can't eat in guardians of the forest
bath balm when this grounding Massey
bomb hits the water your bath will be
transformed into a mystical oak Moss and
Cypress forest Lagoon patch full of
rosewood oil from our Peruvian
rainforest concession wowza this looks
like ah I love the color of this this
smells so good
oh my goodness this just smells like
nothing that lush I've ever made before
it does smell really fresh and like
Foresti that's the only way I can
describe it you guys know I love my
really fresh sense um and that is a
really fresh scent it smells like a big
open field full of wild flowers in the
summer it smells amazing I really really
like that
intergalactic we're on control to major
bomb prepare the take-off as this
awesome mix of peppermint and popping
candy explodes in your bath
creating the scent of an intergalactic
80s rogue launched into the water to
become a guardian of your own galaxy
okay well I really like the sound of
that because again it's minty smell
I like minty smell oh look at this oh
that is really good it smells a little
bit like treatments that you get for
your feet like a peppermint treatment
for your feet very excited give that a
try the experimenter oh now I had
already used one of these because they
sent one to me in the post and it was
incredible the colors that come out of
this bath bomb are insane it's the sort
of thing that when it happens you just
want to film it and just show everybody
because it's like extremely cool look at
that Wow czar it has quite a strong set
I just inhaled the powder I think and
although the colors look amazing when it
comes out and it kind of goes a weird
gray because there's so many colors when
they all mix together it kind of goes us
a strange color but it is them it is
amazing it is a little bit more on the
pricey side I seem to remember but it
depends how much you're willing to spend
on an epic bath okay so the next one is
flowering tea reusable bubble bar if
fragrant pad your food bars are not your
cup of tea look no further
hold this reusable bubble bar under the
tap to fill the water with a gorgeous
mix of orange flower and jasmine
we'll use it all in one or save or save
the bundle of petals inside for a second
bar okay so these petals in there
ah look it's like a teabag that is so
cute I love it it's called bath dunk
that smells incredible is it smells like
very floral you can kind of smell the
orange genus in it it smells amazing I
love the idea of that as well that it's
like a little tea bag lover this one is
called frozen so I'm interested even
blue I think it actually might be um
designed from the film frozen like with
the film in mind let me see do you want
to have a but do you wanna have a bath
bomb do you want a splash and play take
this magical blend about lifting
grapefruit and Tunisian neroli into the
bath with you to store the in I hope to
store the iciest of moods the bus's
incest then a little bit like okay
that's quite strange oh oh look oh my
goodness it's got silver glitter in it
this looks amazing and it smells so good
I really like this one not just because
it's based off of frozen which is one of
my favorite films it just smells
incredible I bet the bath looks amazing
what's use that sacred lotus bath balm
your odyssey awaits drift away on an
extra foot away on exotic waters to a
land of mood brightening Tunisian neroli
and exotic jasmine fragrance kick the
Neronian Jasmine look how pretty this is
it's literally like a little Lotus okay
remind me to pick that up or not
so look it's like a little lotus flower
and I'm guessing this kind of sits on
top of the water as it fizzes away oh it
smells so good it reminds me of another
bath bomb I'm not sure which one and I'm
going to put this away before any more
crumbles onto the floor because puppy a
puppy not just a puppy but a puppy that
likes for everything in her mouth oh
yoga bum ba-bum or I can't quite see
what it says so I'm sorry about that I'm
guessing it's a calming a really calming
one after a long day oh it's orange
smell that Allah can you smell it
don't lick it spill it
that smells strong
all that smells amazing it smells very
lush like it smells like the store but
it has a bit more of a floral kick to it
that's really nice and I'm guessing
that's good for relaxing in the bar
which is what a lot of people have a
bath for so I like the concept of that
one cyanide pill caution drop this into
the bar if you're prepared to detonate
the sense of intoxicating New York and
almonds and rosewood from our Peruvian
rainforest concession watch as a
volatile slick of mercury silver breaks
loose I love their descriptions set
awesome look at this it's like a pill
Wow okay so the yellow side smells
amazing the white side smells a bit like
play-doh oh no I think it's just one
patch there's like certain parts of this
white section that smells like play-doh
I'm gonna sneeze I think I've definitely
got something up my nose you feel like
you're gonna sneeze too
yeah bit of an issue when you're
sniffing bath bombs is net it's my last
one what do you think of that one
that nice very exciting one soap is
called Oxford Street what a wonderful
what oh uh true romance when you turned
our world let's return to that first
meeting
that's fleeting moment nothing compares
into the water as new okay I can't
realize some of its missing okay so it's
white
and it's very fruity but it also smells
like a kind of flower I can't put my
finger on which flower it is it smells a
bit like like lemonade
but it has a flower in it and I bet you
this is so good I actually really rate
the lush dope my favorite are honey I
wash the kids and I love porridge really
good if you have dry skin okay so that
is everything that I have got from the
lush store on Oxford Street I think
there are some amazing fire forms to try
out I'm very excited by that I will let
you know if any of these were an
absolute must-have or an absolute
favorite let me know in the comments if
you visited the store or if you've tried
any of these um I think you can get them
on the website as well if you can't
obviously get Oxford Street um and thank
you so much for watching give video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it
say goodbye now ah they could buy Ella
you're so tired you are so cute
goodbye bye
I do anything for you me everything to
me
anything right a kangaroo anything would
you read my stew bye guys
