hello everyone today I am going to be
doing my July favorites it is now August
I'm not really sure where July went but
I feel like I blinked and i missed it
here are some the things I loved through
the very fast-paced July and I feel like
June I had a good reshuffle of my makeup
bag but through July I kind of stuck to
the same things um if you watch my
second channel you'll notice I pretty
much have the same makeup look every day
which was a gold eye um but the gold eye
that I was wearing a lot was from this
palette which is the Too Faced natural
eyes natural eyeshadow collection I'm
pretty sure I've mentioned this in a
favorites a while back so it has kind of
crept its way back in and for a good
reason it's really really good and I
love the size of it it's not too big to
put in your makeup bag but I also love
the selection of colors that it has the
ones that I really really really love
are honeypot and push-up both of which
are gorgeous I'm actually wearing
push-up on my eyes today I really really
rate to face a shadows I think they're
brilliant the pigmentation is awesome
they blend really nicely they wear
really well and the color payoff is
super so um this has pretty much been in
my makeup bag in timer and I love it
moving swiftly on to a brush that I did
buy a while back but I just feel like
I've been reaching for it quite a lot
and it is the Charlotte Tilbury powder
and sculpt brush it's really super soft
but that's not like the main reason I
like it although you know having a soft
brush it's nice just to you know double
I just poked myself in the eye it's the
size and the shape it's slightly tapered
so it kind of comes to a point and it's
very small and thin
so I've just found it perfect for
contour I just really like it and it
does a superb job so Charlotte Tilbury
powder and sculpt brush bronzer making
the most of the luck my lipsticks gone
run about making the most of the last
little bit of summer I have been
bronzing up and also because my tan has
faded so quickly is actually a rule
makes me a little bit sad when I go back
and watch the videos I film when I got
off holiday I'm like r.i.p town so I've
been using this which is the Clarins
splendors summer bronzing compact one of
the reasons I like this so much is
because it has lots of different let me
just cover the merit before a blind
you'll it has lots of different kind of
shades and then in the middle there's
like a kind of orange e gold shimmery
section but I just take my massive brush
and I just swirl it in and then go
pretty much across my face and I just
really like the color
whoops I feel like it's the closest
replica to a natural tan but I've come
across in a while but that also gives a
very healthy glow because of the little
bit in the middle that you kind of just
pick up on your brush every now and then
so it's not like super glittery you
don't kind of look like you're wearing a
super bronzy bronzer it's quite natural
and obviously you can build on it as
much as you like but I think because it
has the different variations of color
and the brown tones are kind of red
based I think this works very well so I
have been enjoying this obviously this
collects dust from like September
onwards so I've just basically been
making the most of bronzer lipstick and
I'm obsessed of lipstick you guys know
this I'm always wearing different
lipsticks I found a new fave I bought
this a long time ago I bought this one I
bought my Rimmel 38 which I've been
loving which I'm wearing today and this
is the Rimmel Kate Moss 0-3 it's a
little bit of a more neutral
less coral toned nude pink lipstick
that's a lot of colors I just said in
that last sentence it does look
beautiful on the lips it's a little bit
more flat looking this one's quite shiny
I feel like and this one's a little bit
more kind of understated a little bit
more grown-up a wreckin um but it's
still a really really pretty color and I
have been reaching to this a lot I'm not
really used to wearing kind of dark
neutrals on my lips and it doesn't look
like a dark neutral in the packaging but
for me I feel like this is quite a dark
neutral color and on my skin it looks
kind of dark but I really really like it
I think it's a really beautiful color
and it's a Rimmel Kate Moss lipstick
which are the best drugstore lipsticks
ever I don't know if any of you have
ever heard of the library of fragrance
it is essentially a library of fragrance
I know
groundbreaking any scent you could
possibly think of that's a nice scent I
mean they don't do like poo or like I
don't know dirt I have this one which is
the one I've been obsessed with it's
honeysuckle I love the smell of
honeysuckle in my old house we used to
have honeysuckle along our fence and in
the summer it just smelled heavenly um
so I just feel like this is a really
nice one for the end of summer and I've
been spritzing it it's very fresh it's
very floral love love love I also have
another one here to show you because I
have two and sometimes I like to wear
them together so I smell like a flower
shop so sometimes both of them together
most the time this one on its own but
loving them loving them I kind of want
to go and see what other says they do
actually because I haven't ever done not
this next thing is a shampoo and
conditioner I have mentioned them before
but this is just a different one in the
range so I thought I would talk about it
my hair is driving me crazy in this
video because it's freshly washed and I
never really know what to do with
freshly washed hair because it's so like
the shampoo and conditioner is Cucuy oil
I think that's how you pronounce it like
Kui Kui it Oh GX so I have used and I
think I put them in a favorite the
coconut water which is a Mei
thing and I've been using this one
recently which is Kukui nut oil an
ancient Hawaiian secret use for its
humidity resistant abilities creating a
shimmering gloss to smooth texture and
repel humidity to help make every day of
good hair day because if any of you have
hair like Monica from friends when she
goes on holiday this might be your
Savior because it is designed for
humidity and for when you have like
naturally quite frizzy hair I've used it
today so it's very nice and very shiny
and although very floppy and I can't do
anything with it it's clean and it feels
amazing so yes love this and they're
only $6.99 a bottle so they're not even
like super expensive roundin things that
I have been loving the first thing or
things are house magazines it's actually
no surprise to a lot of you that I enjoy
interiors I used to work in interior
design and so things like this is like
my absolute dream being able to like see
inside people's houses and to like cut
out little things that you really like
I still get joy out of buying magazines
although a lot of things these days are
online it there's still something like
quite nice about doing your food shop
and kind of slipping in a magazine that
you can then go home and be like oh I'm
gonna have a little cup of tea or a nice
glass of water and sit and read living
etc I was that kid that was always
repainting my bedroom always moving my
bed to find the optimum place that it
could be I get bored very easily of my
surroundings and that doesn't mean I
always want to like live somewhere
different but more in the sort of I feel
like I could give something else to this
room or I'm loving this style of house
at the moment but then the next month I
could be like I'm not feeling it like
it's kind of like my one thing I love to
do I love to change
things up and get new things and I don't
know like where I can I'll always be
thinking of something else that I can do
to my house so the ones I have our ideal
home living etc house beautiful and
kitchen bathroom bedroom
the next thing I've really been loving
it's a candle so it's not like I've just
been loving candle because I just love
candles 24/7 all year round always
forever candles are my everything it's a
candle you might relocate this going
zowie that looks like a Christmas candle
well my friends you'd be you'd be right
it is a Christmas candle although not
typically Christmas it doesn't say like
cinnamon Christmas it says ginger and
orange but ginger and orange is orange
and spices and it smells like Christmas
in a jar which I didn't really realize
until one cloudy gray day not too long
ago it was absolutely chucking it down
and it was that sort of weather where
you're like I need to turn all the
lights on because it's so dark and
miserable outside and it kind of made me
a little bit excited for autumn you
follow me on twitter and on my vlog
channel you will know that I am probably
one of the biggest fans of Christmas
ever
um and I'm not saying I'm gonna start
pulling out the Christmas jumpers and
decorating my background or Christmassy
yet I'm not that much of a fanatic
although I definitely wouldn't judge you
if you were and I think one of the
reasons I love autumn and Christmas so
much or autumn or winter is because
everything is so cozy
you've got like thick socks on you've
got like the candles burning the fire on
like everything feels more cozy like hot
chocolate I don't know
I couldn't ramble on and on in a whole
other video about how much I love autumn
and winter and Christmas I'm going to
save that for another time I lit this
because I bought this in-home sense
about a month ago
and I just thought ginger and orange
sounded nice and then when I lit it and
came back back downstairs I was like oh
my god it smells like Christmas in my
house and I'm not complaining and it's
July but I don't care and I'm not gonna
blow it out judge me or you like I let a
Christmas scented candle in July last
thing I've been loving is Pinterest now
similarly similarly to the fact that
I've been loving looking at magazines I
also love to look on Pinterest for
anything
I feel like Pinterest is the most
amazing place to go for ideas
inspiration it's like an online
scrapbook I was never really the biggest
fan of Pinterest I just didn't really
understand it like I don't know I was
just a bit like I mean I can go on there
and look at cute cakes and stuff but I
just didn't get into it and I'm pretty
sure I used to take the mickey out of
Louise for loving it so much and now I'm
sat here loving it so much so apologies
Louise Pinterest is a lovely place to be
so I will leave a link to my Pinterest
below you can go see some of the things
I've been loving pinning etc etc and if
any of you are particularly pleased with
your Pinterest boards then leave me a
link or tweet me your Pinterest so I can
go and have a look and we can look at
each other's Pinterest and just be all
cute like that and stuff so that is
everything I have been loving through
July I really hope you enjoyed this
video and as always let me know in the
comments what you have been loving also
and I'll see you getting by
