let's say guys hmm literally just
watching joke okay ready okay give me an
a give me an L giving it at ie go an STI
n KS give me an STI horrible hello
everybody it is I Zoey and this is Alfie
my boyfriend
two years ago myself and Alfie filmed a
video do you remember what it was it was
the first together I did your makeup and
you did my makeup as well this whole
video what's wrong with my teeth tell me
well it's just a period then is it
coming off did it come off alright so
just calm down got a mole of my own then
you didn't really know a lot about
makeup did you know I didn't even know
what anything was I concealer or last
show totally what I try to do why I know
now or all these are the ones you know
about now no I do that quite a lot
likewise my point is I have never given
out fever makeup bag on actually try and
properly do my makeup this time round is
that it trying to put eyeliner on my
teeth or whatever else you tried to do I
have made you like a pirate yeah
I want you to actually try and do it to
be fair though the ones in the ones in
the might I say that morning the one
thing that I've requested for you is I
want to I want to just go and Google
Images and get a picture be with like
the makeup look I wear it every day if I
don't look like properly do I you need
to look up
two of me to see how I make up yeah okay
yeah that's a good one okay
so we just want a bit of gold and golden
brown on the eyes yeah and a little
pinky nude lip yeah and then the rest is
just an Irish bronzer blush powder
foundation concealer etc etc okay I'm
leaving that down ta ya I'm gonna give
you this
I might I'm bigger than my breathing
boxer it don't exaggerate nas like two
other books the same kinda they look the
same to you yeah hold them up so you've
got a pic between two family one share
glow and one Montblanc
I'm gonna go to shared low okay luminous
weightless our base there's not even
like anything you get with this one so
so so you're not using it no I'm gonna
use them anytime try to find a brush to
go with that I mean that's one way of
doing it baby oh okay that's enough the
only thing is that you're just not
you're not like that artistic yes I am
you're not you know you're not I'm so
creative no papi got those wait oh
you're creative in a different way
you're quite firm
you have to be beautiful makeup every
day after work wrinkles by the time I
was 30 why because you're really pushing
my skin Erasmus SEC Oh Tuffy Oh charlie
oh you're really taking that right yeah
you have to be sure you get it all on
there sure you wouldn't be doing this if
you had a makeup artist I'm going in
everywhere well that's your color I
didn't choose it
well you've only got these two mm-hmm
this one just looks I suppose it's been
used so much that it must be a good one
I'm gonna go over this one you're gonna
crank it doesn't rank right turn your
head this time sleeping now this one
here looks good
no that's really like blush or something
just your face
no things like that listen it is biggest
mine what else is in the goodie bag
let's have a look I think I'm gonna go
for eyelashes
next up or do I do your face fast da
I'm gonna go eyelashes we're gonna go
for this one straight at the eye okay
that looks sick okay I'm gonna get the
bottom ones straight on the skin don't
cover that up what is there stuff on
this bear straight on the nose my god go
us how you doing this
they're all just clumping together I'll
split them apart wheezes you have to
like do that with the brush okay you
hold this yeah yeah turn your life
goodbye they're not too bad actually it
being serious that's actually not too
bad I think that's quite good yo that
was sick yes my little brush that I use
on my eyebrows yeah I'm gonna run this
through your eyelashes to separate them
do you see me doing that every day no
but you don't clump them do you it kind
of worked
ah ha you have to trust me okay but
you're coming near my eyeball with
tweezers like you could blind me Oh
should I've done that often your eye
your eye lids shouldn't I
oh why have I done that I don't this
made life really hard for yourself or
this is good honey pot has been used and
that is God so that's what we're gonna
go for I'm gonna go with this color I
mean this brush I'm gonna go a little
bit of this one and then a little bit of
this one join it yeah oh that makes men
to put some guru let's make it stick
aren't you
I don't think about these things this
stuff
I shadow base yes I got it right done I
done with the glue I'm I'm going to rub
it in - you know I don't want to rub it
in at chef chef up in my desk blues
right just make it go tacky why do you
think these are ugly
I'm just gonna stick open because I just
put glue on it now I'm gonna put this in
the middle because if you put the darker
in the middle in there and it looks like
eyes are closer together girls don't
like that like jumping my eyes okay five
cents
eyebrows so I just use this few eyebrows
maybe I'll show you that little dark
mental death they're not color your
eyebrows are well these two looks like a
good eyebrow guy I know this is gonna be
so much harder the more it looks to get
these looking good oh look at her
I can't really see what you've done the
thickest blackest eyebrow in the well -
look at that sack visit the wrong color
I turn to stray off black let me get
that off trap poor sucker back trap its
usual little spoolie and brush it out no
betting on your skin now tattoo the
amount I just put on we're gonna switch
up we're gonna go a different color I'm
gonna go this lighter one lady said why
a liquid eyeliner and then I was like no
that's no lie no that's not something
else in there that you might be able to
might be a bit easier for you this guy
eyebrow pen and then if it isn't eyebrow
pen
crayon contour
by a pencil yeah we're gonna go to that
might be another better one actually
here's another one brow detailer boom
that's the one from the movie pencil
watch it's waterproof as well it's for
your eyeliner
a gallon it would go very well
no never gonna be happy with them down
when I think it lights up I look sad on
this side don't I don't even know what
eyeliner goes oh if you want a little
flick sometimes you do that a little
Catholic thing don't you let me write
climb it back to my image now you don't
have one in this no little flick for you
today this is gonna ruin everything I
can tell it's not low enough there's a
gap like we've skin wet it's not the
colored in there oh my god that's made
it look so bad
how am I going to do this one I'm like
how am I meant to do that
and you change I can change hand right
you have to Tang a head of the loads
let's get this out the way I'm just
gonna start on the other side do that
looks alright now that's quite good
actually I'm pleased for that I'm gonna
put some blush you're on I'm guessing
it's this big old one or bronzer works
on this guy on bloom in accent brush
just gonna fit that isn't it look at the
size of this like this
oh my gosh well lemon Fe o people don't
we do this for precision oh my gosh
there we go and then we go back to our
good old trusty pal this guy just to
blend it in I kinda want to put a bit on
your notes alright I literally got a
brown nose right now if your lips
literally Gladys you can't try and get
it away from your teeth no what do you
mean you like that so I'm just gonna
draw all on your teeth straighten your
teeth
copy that your top teeth okay now come
on get on them now can you guys oh so I
got it all in your - I'm so bad I'm good
everything except from lipstick and
that's all good so we've had bronzer
yeah it done that on your cheeks besides
that's the way you want to put my cheeks
yeah well she got blusher contour and
highlight yeah they're all the same
thing yeah all were the same
no I want to see your ending contour and
highlight this thing a splash up now how
the hell do I play that out this brush
here perfect fit
I don't even know where to put this
this is a sucky lip job I'm just scared
of how pink it's gonna be everywhere oh
you got black down here voice down yeah
no this is your eyebrows oh I remember
this one yeah
they don't brush we use but for the same
one let's just come to each other get
your jaw line nice and dominant other
one do you mean prominent no dominant oh
my gosh it comes so fast
just think about buy anything give her
chair okay each in no good I'm gonna put
that powder afterwards okay I'm gonna
put some of this under your eyes that's
nice
no line there perfect now I'm just gonna
finish off with us and now if they were
honestly done okay your power during my
foundation now I'm gonna visit okay
just getting your nun join it the open
your nose genuinely I did a good job I
say you know what it's really not that
bad
you've done a pretty good job you didn't
really do much eye shadow you could have
really hurt the eye shadow above your
eyes you need bit there's so golden you
don't give me yeah aren't that bad like
they're not they're not that bad they
could have been worse but I think I'm
just a bit disappointed about the ice I
like they're my favorite bitter really I
mean I look at that but it kind of
spread apart the lashes are look at them
properly I look like we don't have
mascara I can't get over how small my
eyes look it looks like you've literally
not betting on my eyes I have I bet not
unknown you didn't my head so my job
you played it safe again to be fair you
did a much better to go out like that
No would you rate the why not because
I'm quite like smudgy like a little bit
patchy I'm offended and amore I need
some be taking my work elsewhere
okay I would give you a 6 out of 10 for
that okay I'll give myself an 8 I mean
we should challenge someone else to do
it to their girlfriend I think Jonathan
should try it on Anna
but serial offender piece it'd be worse
the mind are you jokin
I would okay let's just hope you guys
enjoyed this video don't forget to give
it a thumbs up
I'm gonna go and put some makeup on no
you're gonna show like this for the rest
of the day it's not that bad it's really
not sex much to do my makeup off it's
all right and I will see you guys next
week goodbye okay I think it looks good
oh you really can't don't you
