hello everybody welcome to a kind of
late
September favorites I'm really sorry I
was like how have I not done a September
favorites I knew there was something
missing and I knew I haven't done
something and then it occurred to me
that it was in fact my September
favorites and it feels weird to just
leave one out so I have to do it I'm
going to apologize now you might not be
able to tell and I might just be
pointing it out to you and you wouldn't
have known either way but I have two of
the most painful bulging disgusting
weepy cold sores on my lip and I've
attempted to cover it over for this
video I don't know why I did that
because it's really freeing painful and
the second I finished it I'm gonna wipe
this off and the reason that I'm saying
that is because I really wanted to film
my autumn makeup look which is
essentially this but with like eyeshadow
and a little bit more like gold and I
couldn't because what this looks like
without lipstick on is kind of
terrifying I mean it fits in with the
theme of Halloween but it looked hideous
and I was like I just don't think people
want to see my weeping cold sores like
exposed so I'm going to save that and
switch these videos around and I'm gonna
do that next week so for now I'm gonna
do my late September faves I'm going to
start with a cleanser and this is the
BLA SIA milky jelly cleanser
conditioning at face wash it actually
doesn't look like I've used any I took
this on holiday with me and I was also
using this before I went away on holiday
as my second cleanse now everyone is
going gaga over glossier at the moment I
believe it was available in the States
and now it is available in the UK which
means that now that I'm talking about it
people watching in the UK cannot
actually get hold of it which is great
the reason I like this is a lis
consistency it's a like jelly
consistency but then it feels very soft
and it kind of thins down which is
really really nice I apologize if you
can hear knowledge
snoring she's already fallen asleep
clearly I am that uninteresting it
doesn't have too much of a smell it
smells kind of very lightly of rose
which isn't too like off-putting for my
nose because I don't really like the
smell of Rose this is all very wry me
nose and Rose I don't really like the
smell of rose but this isn't too
offensive it's very light and it's very
it's very fresh rose scent so I really
really love that I like how it makes my
skin feel it's really nice and easy to
use I just pop it on and then I get my
hands a bit wet and then I kind of like
rub it all around my face and then I get
rid of it with a funnel and it makes my
skin feel so soft oh my goodness I think
the fact that it's a conditioning face
wash does mean that when you finish with
this you're like honestly I do this on
my skin and I'm just like ah someone's
gonna ring my doorbell I don't know how
to ring the doorbell
BRB you have two hair favorites this
month the first one is the Maria nila
dry shampoo although I feel like this
isn't your normal dry shampoo this is
more I would say for if you feel like
you need volume and like you know that
feeling when you backcomb your roots and
it just you got that and it just stays
that is what this does this is like a
styling product more I think yes it
makes your hair look less greasy I
wouldn't say I would use this if I
wanted to feel like I had completely
clean sleek soft hair it's not that kind
of dry shampoo it's more the kind of dry
shampoo when you feel like your hair is
really limp and lifeless and yes it's a
bit greasy but mostly it you just feel
like you can't really do anything with
it can't really style it and just look
through it flat kind of like my hair
today it's very flat very flat hair day
to day this is perfect for that
literally spray it in your roots give it
a little rub I might put a little bit in
it's so good so essentially it's kind of
a dry shampoo slash hairspray slash back
home in a bottle styler and I really
really liked it I I don't know if I put
this in a favourites before maybe I have
I can't remember but it's the way hair
oil all this smells so good way is the
brand by Jen Atkin who is a celebrity
hair stylist hair extraordinaire just
basically over all hair goddess and this
is her brand way haircare I use quite a
lot of the products in the brand and I
really really like them and highly
recommend them the oil though is
something I basically am a little bit
obsessed with I'm gonna put a tiny bit
I'm basically doing my hair in this
video I just put a tiny bit on my hands
like after I've washed and styled my
hair and I just run it through the ends
just to make sure that they're not like
super frizzy just to give it a bit of a
shine help take care of the hair yeah I
just really like it smells fab and also
this lasts sort like I've been using
this for like a year like look at it it
looks like a barely touched it because
you only need to use a tiny amount every
time moving back to skincare probably
should have done this after the cleanser
it's nothing new I've used this a fair
amount I have seen so many people
talking about this over the years in
fact this is actually one of marks like
Holy Grail products whenever I see him
doing his skincare he is mostly patting
this delicately into his skin and it is
the LA roche-posay effaclar duo I think
that's how you pronounce that effaclar
duo this is an anti imperfections
corrector corrective unclogging care
anti imperfections and tea marks now I
have been on a bit of a skincare journey
which I think I'll probably do a whole
other video on or do a more in-depth
chat on on my vlogging channel I haven't
quite decided yet
a journey that I have not yet completed
I don't think almost I feel like I don't
to talk about it
I'm in a place where I'm like yeah this
worked now I can like talk about it but
one of the products that I think has
made a huge difference is this because
as I have mentioned in previous videos
although if you're new here you may not
have heard me talk about it before is
whenever I get a spot or a blemish or a
blackhead or toes or a tiny little
pimple or even if I have a bite or a
cold sore everything on my face or
everything that has anything to do with
my skin takes so long to heal and the
marks just stay around for so long it's
almost like you can see every like layer
of my skin and on every single layer is
a mark or a spot from some time ago and
so one of the things I have been doing
alongside other things is using this and
I do feel like it has made a huge huge
difference this is kind of like a serum
so you would just put this on after
you've cleansed before your moisturizer
and again in the evening it's really
light it's not agitating on my skin at
all and I know there is a reason that so
many people rave about this it's great
another thing which actually I did take
on holiday and is a little bit more of a
summer lip color is the cocoa by Kylie
cosmetics matte liquid lipstick in the
shade dominatrix tick in a really long
time and I feel like orange easily is a
shade of lipstick that does suit me does
suit my skin tone and especially when I
have a bit of a tan I just think it
looks good I think it's because I have
blue eyes and orange your blue or the
opposite sides of the spectrum so they
complement each other I don't know but I
think that's the thing and I really like
the consistency of this it's matte and
matte lips are my favorite to wear
doesn't feel uncomfortable and was
pretty much like a staple for the
evenings when I was away on holiday so I
just really really like this color
another thing which is kind of September
/ October phase because I used it
start using this the vlog for it went up
not too long ago but I feel like it was
right at the beginning of October so
this is technically an October favorite
if we're going to get very specific but
I couldn't wait another month to tell
you about this so I've kind of snuck it
in here and it is the fenty beauty
foundation I love this I absolutely love
this I uploaded a vlog it was the
Halloween shopping vlog with mark where
I was trying this out for the first time
so if you want to go and see like me
trying it on and my first impressions
I'll leave a link to that vlog in the
description box to be honest I'd seen a
few people's reviews and I'd heard quite
a lot about it and I just kind of
thought oh it might be worth the try but
I didn't have like high hopes or high
expectations because it is a semi matte
finish soft matte long wear foundation I
don't really like matte foundations
generally I much prefer something with a
bit more of a Jewish so I was like oh
I'll give it a go I might like it I
don't know we'll soon see
turns out this foundation is so great I
absolutely love it I love the
formulation I love all the different
colors that it comes so many colors and
actually thankfully I bought this on the
Harvey Nichols website and I and I
managed to get my shade right for once
I don't know how I managed to do that
but I did and I also bought a slightly
lighter one because obviously I'd come
back off holiday so at some point this
won't be my skin colour but for now it's
great it's very liquidy as you can see
I've got some like dripping down the
spout but it blends really well and it
lasts really well and what it looks like
on the skin is really nice and it's I
don't know it's just a very easy
enjoyable foundation and unless you have
really dry skin I wouldn't recommend it
but if you have like oily combination I
think you'll really like this an
alongside it I've been using this brush
which I haven't cleaned for the purpose
of this video which I probably should
have
it's the Fenty Beauty foundation brush
in one 110 I love this
but then I do love all brushes that are
quite compact like this it's kind of
like the is it the buffer brush by Real
Techniques buffing brush I just love
brushes like this and this one is beaut
I love the design I love how it makes
the foundation go on and yeah I've been
using that like every day this is quite
random and the only reason I'm really
putting this in here is because so many
people ask me why my teeth are so white
and I don't whiten them the only thing I
can put it down to is my toothpaste
and I was having a conversation with
someone the other day I think it was my
mum and she was like what toothpaste
you're using because your teeth just
seemed to be getting whiter and whiter
and it is the oral-b I've definitely put
this in a favourites before it's the
oral-b 3d white looks in glamorous white
and the 3d white Lux in glamorous shine
I'm basically using both of these and
that is all very in mind though that I
do not smoke I do not drink black tea or
coffee and I do not drink coke or red
wine so anything that could potentially
stain my teeth I don't do I do think the
reason my teeth are white is because of
these toothpastes because I mean it
couldn't be anything else to be honest
bathtime I have been using and obsessing
over the zoella Beauty bath milk powders
I freaking love them I think it's one of
my favorite product products favourite
products I have ever brought out because
it's such a different like bath time
experience and don't get me wrong I love
a bath bomb and I love bubbles but
sometimes you don't want that sometimes
you just want like feel like your skin
is in like some kind of conditioning
treatment and I feel like that's what I
feel like whenever I use one of these
this one's actually from the Christmas
collection so these are the splash of
milk bath powders and they come in
little sachets inside like that and
you can use one sachet for a bath if
you're going to push the boat out you
can put two in but one is enough
basically so you let you tear this off
and you just sprinkle this into your
bath get in and it's like it's like
bathing in silk I love it I love what it
feels like I love the feeling on my skin
and I'm just basically a little bit
obsessed the reason there's two of these
is because this comes as like a duo as
part of the Christmas range so in this
you've got tea bags a little bath time
tea bags but you can also get them in
this little tin and this one came out
with the jelly and gelato range earlier
on in the year but you can still get
these and again it's got the little
sachets in it I just love them
especially this time of year when you
feel like your skin needs a little bit
more of a boost to random things I don't
have many random things in this which I
feel a bit sad about because I feel like
my last two favorites were really random
but the only thing I can really show you
in terms of like food are these I only
have one left
I had three I kept one of each flavor in
a little Bowl and I even said to Alfie
don't eat these okay because I want to
put them in my favorites and he was like
your brother's coming he's gonna eat
them I was like no you won't he doesn't
really eat sweets Joe ate two of these
yesterday so now I only have one flavor
to show you fabulously though it's the
one flavor that is my favorite so that's
fine these are the Mowlem sour stripes I
bought these in weight rows because they
had them in like the Halloween section
oh my goodness
I like these like stripy things by my
arm anyway and I really like sour sweets
so putting the two together is actually
making my mouth like fill with saliva
thinking about eating these because they
are really sour so putting those two
things together does make for my perfect
treat this one in particular which is my
favorite one is the strawberry and
rhubarb flavor I know that rhubarb is
quite an acquired taste I feel like you
either like it we really don't like it
but these are so flippin delicious I'm
so happy that this one is the one that's
left and
firstly I am going to feature this book
because I read this on holiday and I
absolutely loved it this is Lily Collins
unfiltered no shame no regrets just me I
don't want to say it's like an
autobiography because it's not really
about her life
in that sense it's more things that have
happened to her but have changed her and
she's kind of passing on that advice
which I really really liked I thought it
was such a good way of sharing parts of
your life that you might not normally
share and that's not just like facts and
kind of where you grew up and it's not
just about like her entire life it was
more the things that had an impact on
her and the things that changed her and
the things that shaped her and also
other things that she could then pass on
like pieces of advice when I was reading
this on holiday I wanted to like fold
the pages where I was like I must
remember that I must remember that quote
and there were so many parts in this
book that I could completely relate to
others maybe not so much but it was
really interesting to read about the way
she handled certain situations in her
life and it was really eye-opening and
also very inspiring and I think it would
have been the perfect book for me to
have read when I was around that age of
like 17 18 19 when everything seems a
bit daunting and you've kind of left
school and you're thinking what is my
life I feel like this would have been
very comforting to me at that time so
yeah I would HIGHLY highly recommend you
read this book it just made me
absolutely fall in love with her and I
think you would really take something
from it so if you need something to read
I would definitely pick this up and that
is everything that I wanted to share
with you as part of my September
favorites this month I really hope you
guys liked it and as always ah-haaa nala
and as always let me know what you've
been loving in the comments let me know
if you've tried these because I need to
share my love of them with someone else
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I will see you again very
very soon bye
