hello everyone today I am going to be
doing a clothing haul because I figured
the last time I did any clothing
shopping was just before my holiday to
Mykonos so I kind of feel like it's
about time I'm just going to tell myself
that even though we both know it's just
because I wanted to have a splurge
clothes both of these were online
purchases one was Topshop I do have a
Topshop in Brighton but I've been really
busy so this was more of like a late
night just throw some things in the
basket and see what they look like the
kind of thing and the other was a sauce
because I just love a sauce it had
everything it has everything so I'll
start with Topshop stuff first thing I
picked up was this metallic crop top I
really like this I like how like suji it
feels it is kind of that fabric though
that could each on your skin so I don't
know but I thought it would be really
lovely with a pencil skirt or with
something like these which are also
trousers that I picked up and I just I
don't know just I love both of these
I've now gone I'm showing you two things
at the same time I'm not good at this
yes jumper really cute little crop
sleeves crop top would have to wear
something underneath it because it could
be quite see-through but I just thought
that I was quite nice especially for
that time where summer ends and autumn
starts to begin because it's not
necessarily really cold but there's a
bit of breeze I don't know English
summer is very unpredictable anyway so
having things like that is actually
quite useful trousers I just love
patterned trousers which is a sentence I
never thought I would say because I know
I feel like it's just not something that
you would generally ever be like oh
pattern trousers yes but I really like
them because I like to wear things that
are quite basic on top sometimes and
then it's quite nice to kind of inject a
bit of fun into your outfit on your legs
rather than on the top and
so yeah I picked up these which I think
are extremely cute very kind of
seventies colors again I did get a pair
like this similar to this with
sunflowers on which I have been wearing
a lot which is why I knew I would really
like these they are kind of they're
cigarette trousers so they kind of brush
your ankle or you can roll them up a
little bit which sometimes I do do
because I feel like I don't know whether
the cigarette trousers kind of
lengthwise suit me so I tend to roll
them up a little bit just until I feel
like it looks okay
but yeah I really really like these so
most excite I also think they would be
really nice for autumn too because
they're not you know necessarily bright
summery colors this next thing I've seen
a few people wear these and poppy who is
Alfie sister had one on holiday and
since then I've just noticed everyone
wearing them and I'm like I wonder if I
could pull those off I'm not sure I know
I can rock a jumpsuit and I feel quite
comfortable in a jumpsuit and I have
many of those in my wardrobe but this is
kind of like a take on it but not I'm
not too sure what they're actually
called but it's this gorgeous like silky
flowery pattern umm and the back is very
pretty actually looks like that and then
you've got little buttons down front and
it's kind of it cuts off I guess just
below the knee um so I'm interested to
see if these suit me they also have
pockets which is a massive bonus I just
thought this one was so pretty and
because it has been quite muggy and warm
here this is the sort of thing that you
could throw on and feel like you're
still you know covered up but it's so
floaty that you wouldn't get too hot um
so I thought this is
perfect and it's just so pretty so
hopefully I don't look like I'm wearing
a jumpsuit that shrunk in the wash
that's what I'm kind of scared of the
other thing I have we've been loving
recently our dungarees I have two pairs
of dungarees
these ones are black and they are shorts
so they come too you know
just below the bottom region and I also
have a three-quarter length pair that
you kind of roll up in actual denim like
denim color blue denim that's the one
blue denim yeah I just really like them
I thought I would feel like a 9 year old
like I used to wear dungarees all the
time but I really don't I just feel very
I don't know very comfy and I feel like
it makes an outfit look really well put
together even though you've just got a
t-shirt and throw something on top but I
don't know I really like them let me
know what you think of dungarees anyway
because I really like them I thought you
know what I'm gonna try another kind of
dungarees variation so I've gotten four
patterned this is woodland theme it's so
cute
and it has the clips I used to have
dungarees with these on like the little
crocodile clips and then you've got zips
down the side and yeah just thought that
would be really nice with a great art or
a white top and again it's 3/4 length
the last thing I got from Topshop was a
jumper it's not super thick jumper but
it's the sort of jumper that you would
throw on in the evening time and it is
this
it's like black ombre so it goes from
black to gray and it's just so soft it's
so lovely I really like Topshop jumpers
I feel like they have good light flow in
them um I don't know if that makes sense
like they just move nicely they feel
nice on um and I feel like this is gonna
be a really nice one
plus it's monochrome so you can't really
go wrong but yeah I really like this
next up it oh wait one more thing from
Topshop this isn't really clothing but I
picked it up anyway it's a phone case
that says Pizza Queen and it has little
pictures of
they're on it I know I saw this and I
was like this sums me up pretty much I
should probably get this my phone
because I am a pizza queen I really like
skinny-dip phone cases so hoorah next up
is a sauce now I did go a bit shoo crazy
on a sauce so I'll do those last let's
start with I picked up this Oh which is
a snow white jumper it just has
embroidery on it it's actually Disney
and 11 Paris so I just thought that was
quite nice makes a plain jumper a little
bit more interesting and I love Disney
so not sure why Snow White doesn't have
any eyes it looks kind of creepy but I
mean Snow White can't really look creepy
can she the dwarfs however well the next
thing I picked up is this wild Fox
t-shirt I really like wild fox t-shirts
because they're really good quality and
they feel very lovely on it's so soft
and I just left the little cat face on
it but it was so cute so I'm very
excited to try that I got this Mason
Scott shirt which has tiny little
raindrops on which we thought was really
really lovely and it just feels lovely
and soft as well and I do love a good
shirt as you know this one was just very
nice very very nice indeed hey and then
the last two things are just two tops
one of them says smoking over jogging
which I thought was quite funny quite
apt although it should be vlogging
really and the last one is a little
stripy t-shirt that just says 1975 and
it's kind of cropped but yeah I just
liked it
these all have a kind of theme of things
stuck to the front um so I first found
these and I was like oh my goodness
these are the cutest thing ever
there are tiny little like eyelashes
with ears if you can see that there you
go there's the ears and the
can kind of stay up that you're so cute
I don't know if they're supposed to be
mice I think there might or cat yeah mmm
cats no mice maybe yes um so I just
thought they would be really nice at the
moment it's the kind of weather which is
quite warm but you don't necessarily
want to pair a smart outfit with sandals
the other day I had a meeting and I had
a lovely outfit on and I just didn't
really have a lot of like smart flats
which is where I kind of thought these
would be quite nice because they're
smart but they're also fun and they
could be worn casually and formally
which is why I like them I also really
like the little pointed a pointedness
which I think makes them feel a little
bit more formal so I got those which
were just a sauce which then led me on
to finding these which are also I think
these ones are cats or maybe they are
mice I'm not sure and it has a tiny
little peep toe so if you had like red
nails it would look like a little red
nose which i think is so cute and these
are melissa shoes i actually already own
a pair of melissa shoes and they are so
comfortable so i knew i would absolutely
love these um I just hope I don't spike
anyone with the ears they're not like
sharp but they're definitely sturdy if
you were to kick someone in the head
with these you would leave a bit of a
mark thankfully I don't do that as a
rule in life so I should be fine which
is so cute
I'm guessing they are cat since it says
meow inside makes sense and again I just
thought they would be really good for
casual or formal and then the last pair
I was feeling kind of brave and I was
like do I don't I am I gonna wear these
I don't know I just really like them
they're so fun and it is these which are
just a sauce and they're white but they
have like not emojis but almost a little
square emoji so you've got smiley on one
side and then really unhappy and crying
on the other and I just really like
these I've got with a pair of black
skinny jeans and a nice t-shirt or a
shirt maybe at an event or something
it's just a really nice alternative to
smart heels is to have something like
this which I think are smart looking but
also very fun um so I'm actually really
glad I got these because then it's at
Alex
and I was like oh no they've gone and I
was like wait I got the last pair so and
the last powers of three so I just feel
like that they were destined and I did
try them on and I actually really really
liked them they're really cool so I'm
very happy with my purchases that is
pretty much everything I got from
Topshop and a sauce or a sauce I never
know how to pronounce it is it a sauce
is it a sauce is it a SOS I just don't
know
thank you so much for watching this
video give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it and let me know in the comments which
one of these things you love the most
very very much I'll see you again soon
