hello everybody today I am gonna do
something a little bit different is
something I have never done before but
I've seen other people doing came about
because my dad found a load of old CD
discs that I had saved a lot of things
onto so I thought it would be really fun
to react to some of my old photos that
I've completely forgotten ever existed
so I'll be to go through some of the
discs and find any of me on my own that
I've not seen or looked at since I've
had the discs so I'm gonna go through
these with you and hopefully share some
really great memories I'm actually a
little nervous okay okay so this first
one was actually taken in my friends
Alex's house I think I was around 14 or
15 I am wearing the fingerless gloves
and I have beads and I also have an
earring that has a little music note on
it and I remember that being one of my
favorite earrings this is also around
the time I cut my own hair so yeah I
remember that back then it was kind of
like the cool thing tough
black-and-white photos but just not not
just a grayscale but like full-on
contrasted black-and-white photos and
clearly I thought I looked really cool
in her mirror so I got her to take a
photo of me like this and no doubt it
was my profile picture on MySpace at one
point I don't know why I did there
I'm gonna say it was for a photography
project
because I think it might be or I'm using
that as an excuse because it's so cringe
but I can't bear for it to not be here I
am in the very same hoodie and throw
over which was in hmm and I start it
from the market wait
and I wrote loose ends on my feet and
then I took a picture can see all the
crap under my bed as well really cool
very cool Zoe ah dude me and my guinea
pig
this was Milo look at him he does
actually look similar to Pippen and
Percy because he's the same breed he's
an Abyssinian this was in my old bedroom
when it was decorated blue and white I
was 13 here and I just had my braces
taken off so I was really excited that
is the day I have my braces taken off
actually oh my god I mean I bet my mum
was like oh darling it's not next to
these beautiful flowers you look like
you blend in yes
would you look at that it does look like
my head is part of the flower
arrangement oh you're really happy about
it
if I were they're very pretty it's a
shame that I'm like some creep in the
flowers with my like camouflage hat on
like peering at people but recently all
my friends keep stay and this photo
happened to pop up somewhere else and my
friends were crying with laughter at
this photo I don't know what is
happening here I have no explanation for
this at all all I know is that my friend
genuine round and we were getting really
silly with hats and wigs and this was a
photo that came out of it
well we've got my skincare on the side
well if I've got a bit of clean and
clear yeah
well I'm just cool aren't I really cool
everyone wanted to hang out with me we
always had a good time with them hats
okay I posted this one on to Twitter the
other day because no brows look at that
look at my eyebrows I was literally
shocked I get asked a lot in interviews
what's one piece of beauty advice that
you would give to someone else one thing
I do always say with someone after that
freshness don't touch your own eyebrows
get someone else to do it because look
look at my eyebrows they're they look so
bad I've got a tiny little line this was
my year 11 prom so I was 16 here I
should have known better I really should
have known better you get to a certain
age and you think right so do I start
plucking my eyebrows now how do I put my
eyebrows I don't know I'll just guess I
guess you take some from down here and I
guess you take some from up here
no get someone else to do it so I don't
know if anyone else used to do this but
whenever I got together with my friends
we would most likely do a photo shoot so
I guess this theme was up oh I'm gonna
put your dressing gown on and pretend
like I'm boxing you I know I mean the
eyebrows still still skinny there so oh
inside plucking my eyebrows at 14
so this is in my friend Emma's garden
and this is her shed and that is also
her top and that's my skirt and I'm
wearing beads and this is where I cut my
own hair and I also dyed my hair which
is why it looks like I have none oh
here's one from the same day but I've
edited just up the contrast and
saturation slightly slam dunk and
there's that little music note earring
again I obviously liked that one a lot
Oh what the hell okay so this was
clearly another photo shoot that me and
my friends decided to do except this one
I've got stripey socks and heels that
didn't fit me they didn't fit
I never although it's only wore them for
photos I've got a denim skirt that I
made out of a pair of jeans on
I also have my Harry Potter t-shirt that
I was given when I was an extra it says
HP crew on the back I've got a cardigan
where I probably did the buttons up
wrong because I thought that was cool a
flower in my hair a spotty headbands and
beads and then I probably thought all do
you know what you know what would work
really well with this photo let me get
my dad's ladder out and I'll sit on it
and then I'll suck my sleeve Oh
this is really awkward this is where I
went through like a kind of alternative
stage I'm wearing a child's H&M Disney
tops which was too short so I would
always wear on top of another top with
lots of colorful things I made that
skirt actually it was very proud of
myself because Anita there's that little
sparkly belt again put some bangles on
awesome My Little Pony socks and my hair
looks awful really serious and again I
was like what's gonna make this picture
interesting oh I know I'll stand on my
toilet
then I'll bend my leg inwards so it
looks like it snapped and I'll lean that
on my tap on my sink and then I'll hold
on to the wall and I'll look really
awesome
in actual fact it just looks like I'm a
five-year-old climbing on toilet
well here I am again a little bit older
doing the same pose why was this why was
this a favorite I feel like we need to
replicate this I need to go back to my
house I need to stand on that toilet one
leg on the toilet when like on the sink
one hand on the wall I want you to all
do it actually I want you to put that on
Instagram and Twitter and I want you to
use the hashtag bar for impose and I
want you to all do this I want you to
have one leg on your toilet one leg on
your sink I don't care if your sink is
it next to your todo you have to make it
work and I want one hand on the wall and
I want to see them and I'm gonna have a
right old laugh to myself because they
just think it's great
Wow I K thought I was really cool and
I've got my little hottie top on layered
on top of my little mustard top and I've
got a Polly Pocket necklace yeah they
were really cool I'm not gonna lie my
beads and my little Polly Pocket head
head clip hair clip and I'm biting my
finger
why that's a finger selfie that is
hashtag finger selfie Oh No maybe don't
use a good time good time yeah and
there's probably plenty more where that
came from
hope you enjoyed this video it was
something a little bit different by
thought it would be really fun give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I will see you again soon
