hi everybody so today I'm going to chat
you through my faves so without further
ado I'm gonna get started because I have
so many to get through I feel like it
was so long ago that I laughed at her
favorites when in actual fact it was
last month because their monthly
favorites eyes on my vlogging channel a
lot of you have been saying what
eyeshadows are you wearing what the scar
are you wearing ah and I was like
instead of answering a million questions
I am gonna put both things I've been
using on my eyes religiously for the
last month in my favorites video I
apologize the light keeps changing the
Sun is going in and out so the first
thing is a eyes shadow palette which I
am obsessed with I've been singing this
I shows praises to a lot of people and
it's the two-faced love palette looks
like this um you get three I can open it
up you get three different types of
palettes I guess five in each and they
are all beautiful the one I've probably
use the least are the green shades and
this purpley shade here the one I've
used the most is this one and I've just
found the shadows to be really
long-lasting really easy to blend super
pigmented really creamy on the eyes and
I just love all the different
combinations obviously you can mix and
match however you choose but I have just
been loving them especially these kind
of highlighting shades so these two and
this one and the one I have on my eyes
today is this one in the middle I just
think this is the perfect thing to take
away with you if you're going on holiday
or if they're going away for the weekend
or I don't know there's just so many
different things you can do with this
and I I just love these eyeshadows a lot
a Laura Laura lot and also have
discovered a new mascara which is not
high-end it's drugstore and it is the
Maybelline lash sensational this mascara
is incredible it's so good and I know a
lot of people always tell me that
Maybelline mascara is really good and I
have tried a lot of Maybelline mascaras
but I haven't necessarily liked all of
them and I've kind
I don't really see the hype this this is
different this is actually insane I feel
like every one of my favorites includes
a different mascara because I went away
on holiday I took away a lot of things
with me that were quite kind of holiday
esque
one of which was the Estee Lauder bronze
goddess and it is a shimmery body oil
spray and it smells incredible and it
looks so pretty on your skin
I was spritzing this all over my body in
the evenings um it feels really light it
doesn't feel like you're wearing oil um
and I just love it makes your skin look
so healthy and it's oh my god see that
smell to me is like holiday in a bottle
it's so lovely um it especially looks
very pretty on your collarbones and on
your shoulders and arms for my legs
however I was using the Charlotte
Tilbury
supermodel body this is a kind of like
shimmery it's a shimmery cream kind of
similar to this that gives you a lovely
glowy effect um and you kind of oh my
god it's gone everywhere on my white
bedsheets
it's a great product but keep it in your
hand luggage as I was saying I'm not
going to take the lid off of this
because clearly the pressure in the
plane has forced some of the product to
come out but it has like a roller like a
metal roller ball which kind of helps
you distribute it along your legs I
think I was using this on my legs I was
using this on my up half of my body and
then I use this on my legs and it just
makes your legs look so toned and like
they look really good in photos that's
all I can say wash hands after use yes
the only thing with this is that it does
transfer if you put this on your legs
and then go and sit on a white bed don't
expect it to not leave any marks um
because it does have like a slight tint
to it so just be aware of that and if
you're going to wear a white dress also
be aware of that especially on holiday
when it's really hot because the two
those two things don't normally go well
together when I got back off my holiday
one of my main missions was to try and
keep the tan I had got which is slowly
disappearing and I noticed that in
photos and stuff and when I watch back
my videos I'm like i'm using my tan it's
going it's disappearing and I was
peeling pretty bad
I basically burnt slightly um but even
before I went away on holiday I was
really enjoying this which is the body
shop Fuji green tea body butter body
butter it smells so good it's very fresh
and summery and it's not a heavy scent
so I feel like it's one of those scents
that you could put all over your whole
body and still wear perfume and it's not
too much it doesn't really interfere
with other sense if that makes any sense
it's quite subtle and very very fresh
like green tea ah I've had a good chunk
out of that but yeah I've just been
applying that all over my body the only
times I don't really like to wear a body
butter though is when it's really hot
because I feel very sticky I feel like
this is great for if you have really dry
skin or you're peeling if you get back a
holiday you're trying to maintain a tan
but the minute it starts getting really
hot out and you've got this on because
it's a bit thicker you end up feeling a
bit slimy no it's sticky and just a bit
like it's need a cold shower or
something so I haven't been using it as
much now that the weather's gotten
really hot I'll get on to what I have
been using but really really good for
dry skin and at night actually lipstick
wise this is quite a recent purchase but
I wanted to put it in this month's
favorites anyway because I have been
loving it and it is the Estee Lauder
Kendall Jenner
lipstick in Restless which is a
beautiful orange e red um I had seen her
wearing this shade and
instantly knew I wanted it especially
with a tan I feel like I really suit
this color with a tan normally I like to
go for very red red red red red red or
oranges I don't necessarily go anywhere
in between you might have noticed when I
wear a red lipstick but with this I
really really like it I also love not
only the color but I really like how
well it lasts it doesn't bleed into
around the skin around my lips it lasts
a really long time it's matte so it
feels mats on your lips and to know I
just really highly rate this really
really liked it and the packaging is
quite nice I wasn't blown away by the
packaging it's cool it's got her little
signature on the top and but I did I
don't know I prefer some of the other
Estee Lauder lipstick packaging to this
whoa
truly it did like me saying that I have
also noticed that top shops Rio Rio is a
really good dupe for this so if any of
you love the color but you don't want to
splash out on the actual lipstick then
try top shots Rio Rio the lasting power
isn't as good and I don't think it's a
matte shade it's more of like a creamy
consistency but it is almost the same so
test that one first if you're thinking
about it looks wise now because I went
away on holiday I read a lot more I love
reading I just don't really get the time
to do it as often as I would like but I
did read two books whilst I was away the
first of which was my good friend Joey
Graceffa spirk called in real life I was
excited to read this the minute this
landed on my doorstep because I love
Joey as a person but I also knew that
what he had in this book was stuff that
he had never shared online in great
detail that makes me sound really nosy I
know a lot about Joey's life but I
wanted to read more about it because
obviously he's my friend and it's
interesting to me um and I honestly
whizzed through this so quickly because
I literally couldn't put it down
I absolutely loved it it's it's
moments in it that will make you laugh
and it has moments in it that will make
you cry and it has moment in it that
will want make you want to squeeze Joey
so hard with so much love um because it
is amazing so I'm not just saying this
because he is my friend but I really
thoroughly enjoyed his book and um if
you loved Joey as much as I do or you're
interested in hearing more about Joey
then do check out his book because I
loved it really really loved it well
done Joey
another book I read which is actually
all like salty and all the pages are
like well I don't know is well read is
by Jennifer Niven and it's all the
bright places Niven or neither and I'm
sorry Jennifer I don't know how I'm how
to pronounce your surname
I guess Layne Ivan Niven nivel Niven
Jennifer Niven okay this book was
amazing again I could have put it down
there were times when I was getting
really close to the end and alby's mom
was like slow down read it tomorrow like
finish it tomorrow because you'll finish
it and you'll wish you hadn't rushed it
um and she was right of course after I'd
finished it I was like damn it I wish
had slowed down I don't want to give
away too much about what happens let me
read the back for you because that kind
of sums it up they meet on the ledge of
the school bell tower and so their story
begins it's only together they can be
themselves but as violets world grows
finches begins to shrink
how far will violet go to save the boy
she has come to love so it's essentially
um about two students in a school from
very different kind of friendship groups
who meet on top of the bell tower who
both want to take their own lives and
it's a tale of them falling in love and
kind of all the things that go along
with their thoughts and mental illness I
feel like this is such a great book for
the awareness of mental illness it's
amazing and I just absolutely loved this
story I think it's great and I became
obsessed with Finch
as a character I thought he was
incredible
so if you haven't read this yet then go
give it a read it's awesome
this next thing isn't a reading book but
it is something similar kind of and it
is I only got this the other day so it's
technically cheating because it was the
end of June but I don't care because I'm
already obsessed with it and it is a Q&A
a day 365 questions five years 1825
answers five year journal I already have
a five year journal which is I think
it's called a liner day and I never fill
it in because I'm just like oh I can't
be bothered like I miss it out all the
time like I feel like it's kind of like
more of a chore rather than a yeah I get
to write my line a day whereas because
this has a question in it that you have
to answer and you never know what the
question is going to be is far more
exciting and I actually find myself
doing this in every single day so far so
for example let me read you one at
random
7 7 to 8 from what colors are you
wearing 24th of September when was the
last time you went dancing so I just
think it's cool how you answer a
question and obviously it's the same
question for five years so on that same
day a year later your answer the same
question and it could be completely
different or it literally could be
exactly the same and that's the joy of
it I think it just makes it loads more
interesting so yesterday I it was it
said black is funny and I put Jonathan
is funny with his Jonathan isms smiley
face because we'd been in like a group
chat and I think he said something that
made me literally laugh out loud then I
put now I was very naughty today after
you still at wireless festival sound
video and watch Harry Potter and the
half-blood Prince obviously you don't
have to carry on and say what you did in
the day you could literally just answer
the question but I kind of like to fill
in the day just briefly but yeah I
really really like this I got this from
Anthropologie I also bought one for
Tanja so I'd be interested to know if
she's been filling hers in everyday as
well um if you haven't Tania then do
because that would mean I'm ahead of you
and I want us to look back on the same
days ok and last but by no means least
tomorrow is of
very exciting day for me I've mentioned
this on my second channel already but I
am just going to mention it here as well
because shameless self-promotion I
already have an original line of beauty
products which I absolutely love still
obsessed with still use every single day
but I have brought out a new range and
it's a tutti frutti range for
spring/summer and that is coming out
tomorrow so there are seven new items to
the range I'm going to leave a link to a
video that I did on my second channel
where I literally go through every
single product so check that out now if
you want to or once you finish watching
this video and I'll also leave a link to
it below but in the meantime the ones
I've been using the most recently
obviously I love all of them because I
wouldn't make a product that I didn't
like but the ones I've been using the
most are the scrub which is scrubbing me
softly and it's a sugar scrub so it's
better for sensitive skin as long as
you're not like scrubbing it too hard
and obviously keeping exfoliated with a
tan is important although it just kind
of makes me cry a little bit every time
I do it cuz I'm like by tan my skin has
been quite dry so it's been pretty vital
I've used like half of it I'm just
obsessed with the smell I can't wait for
all of you to go out tomorrow and like
smell it if you want to I'm not saying
you have to but I just can't wait for
you to like smell what I can smell right
now I wish there was smellivision so yes
I have been loving that hence white so
nearly gone um and then to follow up
from that I've been using the candy
creme softening body lotion which I've
been using a set of this now that it's
actually quite hot because this isn't as
thick um so you and you only need a
small amount of this and it goes a
really long way which I really really
like same scent same amazing scent oh
and it has bursting beads in it um this
range has extracts of blueberry and acai
and I just love them so if you do have
to go into superdrug tomorrow and pick
anything up then please tweet me or tag
me on instagram so I can see what you
bought and let me know what you think
because I am so excited
it hurt a little bit that's the most
exercise what okay so I hope you enjoyed
this video give it a thumbs up if you
did I love you very much and I will see
you next week
good bye Joey
it's all creep in
