oh it is hot it is very very hot here in
the UK today and I'm not going to
complain because otherwise it will rain
that rhymed huh hi everyone today I am
going to be doing a Q&A I love doing Q
days because I'm a Rambler and so when
you give me a question to answer
I really run with it so I apologize now
if this videos like super long but I
kind of just want it to be really casual
sometimes I put this huge amount of
pressure on myself because this is my
main channel video and there are a lot
more of you here than on my second
channel where I feel like I can relax a
bit more and be a lot more chatty so I'm
going to try and forget that this is a
bit more of a setup video and relax into
it more maybe edit it less I don't know
I just feel like sitting here and having
a chat with you and I wanted to be
relaxed and I wanted to be casual and I
want you guys to enjoy it so if you
really hate rambling videos or you just
aren't interested in me in general and
you much prefer to see like hauls and
kind of tutorials and things and you
might not like this but I know that a
lot of you really like my chattier
videos so that is what our loom I went
on Twitter and I asked you guys for some
questions of which I screenshotted some
that I thought you might like me to
answer so I'll get started what is your
favorite thing to do with your friends
okay so I'm not really a party girl I
don't really like to go on nights out
it's not really my scene I just I don't
know I feel a bit uncomfortable and I
don't drink so most of the time I'm just
there thinking I need to look at the
look after everybody else that's there
with me my perfect night like my perfect
thing to do with my friends would be for
them to come to my house and we would
kind of all cheer maybe go shopping go
for a nice meal or have a picnic or a
barbecue and that's like I love doing
things in like couples as well like
recently we went to stay with Tanya and
Jimmy we just had like the nicest time
because it's lovely when you can get on
as like a foursome and you've all liked
it I don't know I just I just
it may be go for afternoon tea or oh and
then that's kind of like daytime things
and then if it was an evening thing I
would say like get a takeout pizza or a
takeout and watch a scary film even
though like half my friends hate scary
films so I need to get new friends who
really like horror movies not to replace
the old ones I just need to meet more
people that really like like horror
films because that's like my perfect
night perfect night in yeah how do you
stay so positive um I guess you only see
me when I feel happy when I've got
something to share with you when I'm in
a great mood and I turn the camera on
although actually on my second channel
you probably see a lot more of my moods
um not like moody moods I just mean like
you see variations but I am quite a
sensitive and emotional person so it is
sometimes hard for me to be positive and
um I think the main couple of things is
give yourself credit where credit is due
um I'm really bad at this um I do
something or I accomplish something and
like yeah I mean I did it but it's like
people just want to shake me and be like
congratulate yourself like look what
you're doing you're amazing and I'm just
like no I don't know like could have
done it better I don't know I give
myself a hard time but then I think a
lot of people do give themselves a hard
time but I feel like in order to stay
really positive when things get a bit
difficult whether that's in your job
with your friends or you know with a
partner I don't know any situation where
you could feel really down about
something I think one of the main things
is to surround yourself with people that
bring out the best in you so always
surround yourself with people who bring
out the best in you that have a great
positive attitude and a great positive
influence in your life um I think do
things you love so by that I mean if I
was having a down day I'd be like right
it's Netflix time I think it's
natural to not always be positive like
you'll always have those little dips in
life where you don't feel great about
something but I feel like that's totally
normal and um you know you always come
out the other end and and you know you
have those days where you're like life
is great and then you'll have another
day you'll be like I hate my life but
it's just that's just how it is and I
can appreciate that I'm not the only one
that feels that way so when I'm having a
really down day I know that I'm not the
only one and that makes me feel better
do things you love be around positive
people that have a great influence in
your life and just love the little
things the little things in life like
the fact that I can smell someone having
a barbecue and it is literally making my
mouth water and I love it because I love
summer I like this one have you ever
been pulled over by a cop or in the UK
we call them policeman or police officer
um yes I have but before you all go oh
my god what's she done it wasn't
actually from me it was my ex-boyfriend
who I was driving at the time didn't
have his seatbelt on so I was driving on
and this police person was behind me and
I was like okay there's a police car
behind me and then they heard the blur
then the police woman it was a woman
actually a policewoman and she worked on
the siren and indicated and I was like
oh my god she's pulling me over what
have I done like I thought it was me I
was like it's my tax up to date yes my
car's MOTD yes everything's fine I don't
know what I've done like maybe I I don't
know signaled too early I said like
thinking everything in my head getting
really freaked out um and then when I
pulled over and she pulled up behind me
she came over to me and when don't worry
darling it's not you I'm telling off
it's your passenger and I went oh my god
do you want puppies from Nala no we
don't want to breed Nala and because I I
feel like I would do an Anna and
Jonathan and it's not I have puppies I
wouldn't want to give them away I
wouldn't want to sell them I would be
instantly attached to them and would end
up with a litter
punks and also I believe it's quite
difficult to deliver pugs without any
help
most pugs have to have a c-section
because pugs heads are quite big so it
wouldn't really be very straightforward
either and I am NOT a breeder so I don't
know what I'm doing um imagining tiny
little knowledge running around is a
cute thought but no we are getting her
spayed very recently in fact it's being
done with keyhole surgery which I find
very impressive I didn't know that fimo
dogs could have keyhole surgery but
turns out they actually can which I
don't know if you're interested in that
but I just thought that was quite cool I
liked this one how do you find yourself
and always be who you are and not what
you think you should be I really like
this question because as you may or may
not know I have just finished girl on
line 2 which isn't actually good girl
online too so I'd quote that's one of
the key themes that I wanted to put in
it which is why I really liked this
question so it's how do you find
yourself and always be here and not who
you think you should be um I feel like
this is very difficult for a lot of
people especially when you're kind of
aged between like 12 and 18 I feel like
that is the key time where you're most
confused I could be wrong that's
personally how I felt around that age I
feel like you never really know who you
are and that's not a bad thing because
environments change settings change
friends change so many different things
in your life can change and I think all
these changes influence who you are as a
person
um so I don't know I feel like it's a
good thing that people don't stay the
same
and I feel like a lot of people put
pressure on themselves to be like I
should be this person or I should be
like this person or I should be doing
this because this person does it and
this person told me I should be doing
this the most important thing is as long
as you're happy and you feel like you're
on the right track
carry on if something's making you
unhappy whether that's a friendship a
situation with a family member
I don't know a job something in school a
subject you've taken maybe you've gone
to uni and you're like I am not feeling
this degree why have I done this I think
you know within yourself if it needs to
change the only person that can change
your happiness is you no matter what
anyone else says no matter how much
Netflix you watch no matter what you do
if something is really making you
unhappy you have to change it and you're
the only one that can really do that and
then it shifts your mindset so I feel
like finding out who you are is a
journey I don't really know who I am
really
um I mean I know my name is Zoe and I
know what I enjoy right now and I know
what I used to enjoy and those things
are two very different things
and I quite like that you know we don't
we don't have to know who we are I feel
like as long as we're happy and we're
being the best version of ourselves that
we can be I feel like that is what is
key um don't feel like you have to
follow someone else's footsteps don't
feel like you have to do something
because someone else thinks you should
only ever do the things you want to do
this is your life not anyone elses and I
kind of wish I had somebody to tell me
that when I was younger because I feel
like when you feel like you have all
these questions floating around in your
head the first thing you want to do is
ask someone you like what am I supposed
to do like what do I do with my life um
for me that was the main question that I
would kind of ask myself is like I don't
know what I want to be when I'm older
what shall I be like what shall I do
should I go to uni like had a lot of
questions and I think for a lot of
people they feel they can get the answer
from someone but really the only person
that can give you the answer is you just
do what you want to do and do it for you
that's the most important thing and I've
kind of I feel like I've gone off topic
no I haven't I'm alright I'm alright
finding yourself is something that takes
a lot of time and I think the definition
of finding yourself can be very
different because it could either mean
you're completely happy with
everything you've done in life
everything you've accomplished
everything you're doing now and you're
like yeah this is me
this is what I want to do this and that
can happen so many times in your life
but then you can also go this is what I
want to do this isn't what I want to do
finding yourself is a journey
and it can be scary it can be exciting
it could be nerve-wracking it can be
terrifying but it's life
that's life that's what all the people
say what was your goal number of
subscribers when you first started
YouTube when I first started YouTube I
kind of knew what subscribers meant but
not really I went on views so I was like
oh I've had like a thousand people watch
my video that's amazing and then when I
understood that subscribers meant you
know the people that wanted to watch
your video like every week without a
doubt and they were there like hitting
the subscribe button I was like oh I get
it and then that would kind of shoot up
and up and up and I was like right but I
never ever had a goal my goal was just
to make videos and make people happy and
that is still my goal for me it's just
not about the numbers I just like I just
like making videos don't know just never
really cared about the subscriber number
I don't know like sometimes I'm like oh
too many
do you not I mean like this scary amount
like eight and a half million is a scary
amount of subscribers and I'm like
remember that like cozy little place of
like 1 million but ya know it's a lot of
responsibility I'm going on to like
another subject now no I didn't have a
golf name three things you miss about
being a child hmm
it's funny because I was thinking about
this the other day Oh little spins and I
felt all like nostalgic in a bit weird I
can't remember why I felt like it I
think I was having a bit of a Down
moment and I was like I was like Oh
remember I was 14 and like my biggest
worry was what my MSN screen name was
which by the way I found a screenshot of
and my MSN screen name was are you as
good as I remember baby get it on get it
on hot
I was like 14 why was that my screen
name
I mean its Spice Girls fair enough but
and I think mostly I just miss not
having as much responsibility because
that is something nothing can ever
prepare you for um and when I mean
responsibility I don't just mean you
know having um a large YouTube channel
or a dog
I mean being responsible for myself and
like you know when you're younger your
parents really look I mean my parents
still account for me but it's not the
same because now I look out for myself
you know what I'm trying to say life
things you know paying bills
the water pressure is broken so you have
to call a plumber over and get it fixed
and I'm not saying these issues I'm
saying these are things that I am now
responsible for something else I missed
be like being a child I think I have a
very huge imagination like I spoken with
my therapist about this and it is one of
the reasons why I have anxiety because
my mind spirals all the time all the
time my mind is never quiet my mind is
never still my mind is always thinking
beyond the thinking beyond the thinking
um so as a child
um and I'm also a creative person so my
imagination is very vivid um but as a
child I channeled that through playing
playing make-believe I think I miss that
that's quite sad isn't it no I feel a
bit emotional like playing make-believe
like just having like four hours on a
Saturday or however long you had just
with yourself with nothing else to do
because you didn't have a job you didn't
have a boyfriend you didn't have a no or
all we knew was just your mum and your
dad and your brother and it was a
Saturday and it was like what do I do
today like I don't think I've ever woken
up at
don't gone what shall I do today I have
nothing to do um so I missed that and I
miss having the time to just be alone
with my imagination and just let it run
completely wild and get up to all sorts
of mischief with my friends and make
them be in plays with me and make them
film videos with me and like I have this
old book that my one of my best friends
Alex wrote in and she once said to me if
I had a pound for every time you said
let's pretend I'd be a millionaire and I
thought that is a quote from my
childhood because I would always just be
like let's pretend that you've just won
a million pounds and I'm your best
friend
and we're about to go shopping or let's
pretend obviously this stopped like when
I got to secondary school because it was
really uncool um but I just loved
playing make-believe and that's
something I miss as a child another
thing so what is that having no
responsibility playing make-believe um
having your parents help you tidy your
room I'm talking child not teenager here
odd you know what I do miss um having
bunk beds with my brother that was so
fun me and Joe used to share a bedroom
when we were really young um we didn't
have to actually there was two bedrooms
but I think my parents thought it would
be really nice for us to have bunk beds
and to share a room when we were around
five to seven I want to say when I was
between five and seven we had bunk beds
and it all went wrong when I fell off
the top bunk do you know what I've got a
really funny story about that we were
living in this really old cottage like
so old like prehistoric and me my
brother's bedroom was really cool
actually I was on the top bunk and I
fell off in the night and I fell onto
the chest of drawers that was next to it
really hurt myself really banged my head
I think
I remember like hurting my arm or
something and my dad took the top bit
off the bunk bed cuz I was I'm not going
back up there I'm not going back there I
fell off I fell off this is like
probably 10 p.m. I'd already been asleep
for a few hours um so my dad came in
unscrewed took like 10 minutes took the
top it off put it down next to Joe's so
we had to bed two single beds then and
because I'd fallen off the top bunk I
was a bit kind of like oh I feel poorly
I don't feel well I'd really hurt my
head I would probably I've already had
like mild concussion or something and I
was lying there and this mouse or rat I
don't know what it was I think it was a
mouse ran across the room and I was
lying there was kind of a bit dark but
not dark enough if you know what I mean
so I screamed and I cried I was like
geez what's going on like you've already
fall off the bed you can't afford your
bed again came in and she was sat with
me and I was like I saw a mouse she was
like no you didn't I was like mum I saw
a mouse I'm sure of it and because she
was saying I I didn't I was like I
really must have hit my head so I
started freaking out and she was like it
was a spider it was just a spider then
it ran across again I was like did you
see that she was like yeah there's a
spider don't worry and I was like oh my
god my brain is making me think a spider
looks like a mouse when in actual fact
it was a mouse and my mum just didn't
want me to freak out I think I freaked
out more thought I I thought I had brain
damage and that spiders look like mice
cheers mum thoughts on this season of
PLL okay I'm going to make this quick so
my battery is flashing my thoughts on
this season of PLL don't worry I'm not
going to give away any spoilers all I'm
gonna say is I'm loving it so far I like
that it's taken a dark turn because I
love horror so every every episode I'm
like so exciting um if you get a bit
scared easily you're probably finding
this series bit difficult to watch but I
really love it there are still a lot of
unanswered questions and a lot of
theories floating around but I'm really
enjoying it
wee
really enjoying it for anyone who
doesn't know what PLL is it's Pretty
Little Liars okay I feel like I've
rambled on for long enough I feel like I
didn't really answer many questions so I
might do this a bit more regularly
because I don't just answer with one
word answers I'm really sorry if that's
what you want from a Q&A but I like to
come bit more in depth because you know
you could go watch your favorite flavor
ice cream strawberry like if I don't
know that's just not interesting is it
or is it I don't know I need to stop
talking I need to go now thanks so much
for watching give the video a thumbs up
if you want more of these and if you
like my chatty videos I like them
because I feel like I'm connecting with
you guys let me know in the comments
your answers to any of those questions
because I would love to read them and I
will see you again tomorrow because I'm
going to be uploading another video
tomorrow as well I love you very much
goodbye
