hello everybody as you are watching this
I am on my holly Bob's aka my holiday so
since I'm away I was like what can I do
I'm kind of going through the whole
holiday preparation phase and it's all
very exciting and so I thought I would
share with you what I have in my holiday
makeup bag so this is my makeup bag it
says you look lovely today which is a
live positive message before putting on
your makeup in the morning going to get
through this quite quickly because there
is a lot and I tend to ramble on and on
and on about individual products and if
I did that this would be an hour-long
video first thing I have in here is the
maestro brush this is in 190 and it is a
beautiful powder brush that I have that
I also have the little maestro brush
that I had in my favourites and this is
the one for eight and this is for
balagia I also have the contour brush
which is the maestro 170 which as you
know I've also been really loving I have
a maestro 320 which is for eyeshadow
application Sigma round kabuki f82 this
is awesome for foundation I've been
using this a lot recently what else
forgot oh I've got this one which is the
Sigma blush s-92 this is also beautiful
powder brush I got this more for like
all over bronze I have this which is the
Charlotte Tilbury powder and sculpt
brush this is just really nice and light
and very fluffy and I really like this
for like powder this one is the maestro
410 and it's a little pencil brush so
I've been loving that just for a bit of
eyeliner under the eye I also have the
Sigma tapered blending III 5 obviously
to blend out a shadow and the Sigma
blending e25 which is a little bit more
dense kind of like a Mac 2 1 7 so I kind
of feel like these are the only brushes
that I really need it might seem
excessive a lot of people would be like
just use your hands I like using brushes
and I find it a lot more helpful to have
this base wise this is kind of tricky
for me because
my face tends to tan quite quickly on
holiday so I knew that whatever I took
with me wouldn't be a match for when I
left anyway
but for those first couple of days where
you're feeling a little bit pale to go
out in the evenings I have the NARS
sheer glow in Mont Blanc I was
contemplating taking the luminous one
but I feel like this works better in
heat conditions heat conditions hot
conditions and I also have this which
I'm going to be wearing more towards the
end of the holiday I feel like with a
little bit of Sun my skin tends to look
a lot more healthy it kind of sorts out
any issues that I've got going on so I
know that kind of by the fourth fifth
sixth day my skin won't need something
like the NARS sheer glow so I have this
which is the estee lauder double wear
all day glow BB moisture makeup it's
basically a BB cream it also has an SPF
of 30 which is awesome and I just I just
find that this is a really nice BB cream
it's very hydrating it makes your skin
look very fresh and glowy and I like it
for throwing on when I'm having good
skin days so I feel like that would be
good this is also a smidge too dark for
me but the one before this is too light
and one after this is way way too dark
so um this will also be a good match I
should imagine concealer wise I am
taking two one is slightly lighter one a
slightly darker this one I'm going to
take which is the collection lasting
perfection concealer for under my eyes
it's just brightening basically I love
it this kind of goes everywhere with me
so it's a given I'm also going to be
taking the Make Up For Ever full cover
for any little blemishes or anything
else I kind of want to hide powder wise
I am going to take the Make Up For Ever
HD high definition pressed powder this
is in just kind of transparent I just
really like this right now it's a really
good powder and it's compact and easy to
take with me so bring one bronzers etc
etc I'm going to take the SA loader
bronze goddess this is a huge big
compact
also it just gives a nice shine a nice
glow so I take one of these and I just
use a massive brush and just go all over
this is in the color medium deep and it
looks like this I find that the best
place to use is because it has like a
terracotta II kind of vibe to it it's on
holiday because it does have that kind
of redness through it so it works very
very well looks like a natural tan I
also have my Charlotte Tilbury sculpt
and highlight powders because I have
been loving these right now and I feel
like highlighter is a vital thing to
take because I feel like you could have
this gorgeous dress on it could be like
a sunny evening and you could have your
hair or nice maybe a little bit of lip
gloss nothing else bit of highlighter um
you look summer ready hell yeah I also
have my Estee Lauder T's blush which is
looking very sorry for itself right now
if sa Lauder could bring out this
permanently that would be amazing
or you know bring out another limited
edition collection because everyone
loves it it makes sense
yeah good look at it it's nearly gone I
actually I'm a bit worried to use this
anymore because I'm like almost get
another one the next blush I have is a
little bit more of a matte shade and
it's the Tarte captivating it's this
very pretty coral color and it's perfect
for holiday so got him for a basis I
have to I have the Urban Decay primer
potion this one is an anti-aging primer
potion so diminish those wrinkles whilst
them away and I've just got that for
kind of standard if I want to go non
gold on the eyes and then if I do want
to go gold on the eyes I've got my by
Thierry ombre um black star in the
showed beyond gold which is beautiful
and I also feel like I could just wear
this on its own sometimes eyeshadow wise
I have my to see art a London shimmer
pots in Lincoln Road and Collins Avenue
Collins Avenue
as you'll have seen from my last video
is more of a gold and the Lincoln's
Avenue is more of a shimmery taupe both
of them are very pretty both of them
very holiday appropriate I also have
this which is my trusty eyeshadows I
don't want my eyes to look blue when my
skin's looking a little bit more healthy
I've got a bit more color to it this
like honestly makes such a difference to
my appearance and it is the NARS I sold
or is old duo whenever you see photos of
me and I've got kind of like an orange
in tone gold eyeshadow on it is most
likely this they are amazing there's a
slightly darker orange kind of burnt
orange tone and there's a much lighter
one though are amazing beautiful very
holiday s I also have this quad from Mac
which I've put individual eyeshadows
into I'll leave a list of the four
eyeshadows in the description box
because I can't member I can I remember
that that's nylon that's charcoal Brown
this is on the tip of my tongue and I
don't remember it so that's frustrating
but I take these it's just kind of
general eyeshadows if I want to line my
eyes I've got a dark brown if I want to
go in the crease I've got a medium brown
this also works great for my eyebrows
amazing highlight and a really beautiful
coat all over lid color boom eyeliner
wise I have a two Urban Decay new
dropped it to Urban Decay eyeliners I
don't know why I've put two in that I'm
probably just going to take one of these
out not that it's taking up much room
but I have one which is a matte shade
and it's a dark brown and it is in the
shade smoked out I then have another one
which is more of a shimmery kind of
Goldy Brown and that is in the color
Roche I like both I probably would use
both to be honest um but they are very
similar I really like the urban decay
pencils because they're long lasting and
if you're going somewhere that's quite
hot I feel like it's kind of good for it
to stay up here rather than make its way
down south I also have a liquid liner
because you know you never know where
you want to do a cat eye this is the
makeup for everyone it's a graphic liner
and it's just in plain black your
standard kind of felt tip liner I love
it though it's really long-lasting
and it's easy to use mascara I am going
to take benefit roller lash you guys
know how much I've been loving this
recently it just makes my eyelashes look
super long super fluttery
and I'm obsessed with it so that is
definitely coming with me and for my
eyebrows I'm gonna take the me brow
precision brow detailer which is the
teeny tiny little brow shader that I'm
also loving at the moment and I think oh
no lips I've got two lipsticks at the
moment I am leaving like tomorrow so I
mean this could change but at the moment
I have two lipsticks I have the one I'm
wearing right now which is my beloved
Rimmel Kate Moss 107 because it is my
favorite red lipstick and if I'm wearing
a white dress I feel like a red lipstick
looks lovely I'd especially think a red
lipstick siren I especially think a red
lipstick works well with pale skin and
it works really nicely with the tan so
I'm going to take that I also have my
Rimmel Kate Moss 38 which is the pinky
nude that I've also been obsessed with I
feel like this is one that I'll probably
reach for the most but I do feel like I
have a distinct lack of coral lit in
there and I could want to rock a coral
so I might have to go back to my
lipstick collection and just double
check but I don't want to take any of us
I've just realized I don't have any lip
gloss in there I kind of feel like
that's okay I don't feel like I'm
missing out by not taking any lip gloss
so that should be fine and that is
everything in my makeup bag that I am
taking away with me I am very excited I
hope you guys enjoyed this video give it
a little thumbs up if you did I feel
like I look like a burglar I was going
to say let me know if I forgot anything
but by the time you watch this it's too
late so there's no point I love you very
much I will see you very soon goodbye
