hello everybody I am going to be doing
another monthly favourites for you you
really like these I really like these I
feel like this is us sitting down having
a chat and me telling you all the things
I've been loving the only difference is
I have to read the comments to find out
what you guys have been loving but as
far as I'm concerned we're out having a
coffee chatting about what we love call
then first thing I've been really super
loving are these brushes they are from a
company called maestro I had never heard
of this company before but they were
sent to my PA box very kindly I get sent
a lot of different things to my P o box
because I have this channel I talk about
beauty I've had my blog since 2009 so a
lot of companies kind of see it is their
way to be like you might like my
products you might not and I felt them
and I instantly fell in love I am a
cereal brush holder slash collector is
that the same thing slightly different
and I have used a lot of different
brushes there are certainly brushes that
for me stand out above the rest and when
I have my hands on these and I felt them
and I used to them
I decided these were my new favorite
brushes ever I firstly love the design
they're really super long handles at
first I thought that that would be odd
because I'm so used to kind of holding
them kind of here I guess I didn't
really see the point of having that but
I really enjoyed actually using them on
the end because it makes you have
slightly lighter touch if you've got it
here you're a lot more heavy if you have
it at the end it's a lot lighter and
I've been trying to apply my makeup a
little bit more delicately because I
feel like it's the most long-lasting and
most effective way of doing it and these
are really helped the brushes are super
soft
they're amazing these are two of my
favorites at the moment this one I've
been using for me right there off it
this one I've been using for blusher
because it's really small but it's also
very fluffy so it's perfect for the
apples of your cheeks this one I've been
using for contour because again
we narrowed and perfect I just I really
love them they feel like amazing quality
just ah love love love the next thing
I've been loving is this Kiko blusher in
the shade a wild move this is I
absolutely love the packaging of this
I've seen mixed opinions and reviews on
this packaging a lot of people think
it's too big it's too bulky and it's
very unnecessary I have to agree to some
extent but I still love it
I don't care takes up a lot of room in
my makeup drawer but I feel like it
deserves its space it's a baked blush
and it has three different colors that
all blend together I've got it on today
I've been wearing it every single day
for like the past week and a half and I
just think it's beautiful it also has a
big mirror in it um and it's kind of
magnetic oh okay the next thing I've
really been loving I ordered from John
Lewis I think I was doing like a bit of
a house shop and then I went on to their
makeup session so I forget they do
makeup as well and I ordered this which
is the Guerlain or gila gila or Guerlain
terracotta bronzer I love the girl and
bronzers I think they're amazing um for
me they have worked the best I find that
they don't go patchy I find it they're
very easy to blend and I also love the
different color tones they had this
range of bronzers with a slight kind of
blusher on the side I'm kind of going by
your hair color I think I think that's
what it was so I selected natural
healthy glow
0:01 Claire brunette so I picked this
one up this is the perfect shade for
bronzer for me right now I'm quite pale
I am about to go on holiday so that is
going to change so if you have Sarah's
skin and you find it quite difficult to
find a bronzer that kind of complements
your complexion I feel like this would
be a winner and this is the brunettes
when I think the blonds one was even
lighter so definitely check those out
girl line is a little bit more pricey
but I just find the quality of these am
a
thing and I've used to girl and bronzers
for a really long time beautiful on the
same category of kind of face powders I
have a lot of face powders in this in
this favorite I am loving the Charlotte
Tilbury film-star bronze & Glow face
sculpt and highlight firstly the
packaging is amazing Charlotte Tilbury
spots are amazing I love all of them to
be honest I think her lipsticks are
amazing quality some of my favorite
lipsticks are her lipsticks I use them
all the time and I did a shoot recently
where the makeup artist was using this
on me and I was like oh that's amazing
why don't have that yet so I ordered it
and now I am using it a lot it basically
has the sculpting shade on one side and
the highlighting shade on the other side
so you can kind of take your contour
brush and stick that in there and away
you go
and it looks awesome I've also got that
on today and the highlighter is very
very pretty
I've been loving that Thank You
Charlotte Tilbury for your endless
supply of amazing makeup products what
do you mean do I like this number yeah
it looks great
I like it's double Alfie's Alfie Stubb
always part of my favorites next thing
I've been loving is CR Tay I think
that's how you say it
see arte London makeup they are mostly
known for their nail polish and nail
products but more recently they kind of
ventured into the make up side of things
and at first I was a little bit like oh
I don't know I haven't really seen
anything that I really like and then
they came out with bees and I am in love
I used this one which is Collins Ave I
use that in my pre previous not previous
but previous before that second to last
video no yes I use this in a recent
video where I did my makeup and it is a
loose pigment eyeshadow and they're just
beautiful colors lovely consistency oh
my goodness
they're just so beautiful they last
really well they blend nicely they look
amazing and today I have on Lincoln Road
so that's another that I really love
they actually come in the top with a
little primer and then you've got the
loose powder underneath oh my god it's
there just beautiful I need to check out
what other colors they've got but so far
it's kind of like the Goldi ones I've
been reaching for and loving okay this
jumpsuit keeps revealing my bra I am
going to show you this which I
previously bought in a whole video and I
told you guys I would report back if I
loved it
so I'm reporting back because I love it
it's definitely something different it's
not something I use every day but it is
something that I feel like has filled a
void in my makeup collection and it is
brow drama by Maybelline it's a base
it's basically a sculpting brow mascara
and it has this amazing wand with a
really round tip the one I found most
useful is medium brown so it has a
slight color to it and the days that I
like using this are the days where I
have really natural makeup and I don't
want to fill in my brow berry strongly
because sometimes I feel like I'll fill
my browsing quite strong and I've got a
very neutral eye and I've not really got
a lot else going on on my face so it can
look quite stark but with this it gives
a really natural kind of it gives a
really natural look to the eyebrows they
look like they've been done and they
look like they are like perfectly pruned
but they're not like super filled in if
that makes any sense it's like a natural
pruned eyebrow which I really really
like and it holds amazingly well so I
have really been enjoying this I also
have the transparent one as well for
days where I do want to fill in my brows
but I also want to give the hairs a
little bit more of more of like a
structure do you know what I mean
structured brows I kind of wish I had
this when I was in school when I wasn't
sure what I was doing with my eyebrows
and I needed something to make them look
more like eyebrows if that makes any
sense I wish I'd had this so if you're
kind of going through that stage where
you're like I kind of want to fill my
brows in but I don't and I kind of want
to have a bit more of a brow routine but
I don't I feel like this would be the
perfect product for you and it's not
scary I mean start with the transparent
if that makes you feel better but it's
really not scary you don't put it on
your eyebrow and like loads of product
comes out you can really kind of guide
the brush and yeah I just think this is
amazing
speaking of brows I've also been loving
this for those times when I want to fill
in my brows a bit more and this landed
in my peer box also and I was like oh
this looks good because this is a brand
that I've featured before one of their
blushes is one of my all-time favorite
brushes and it is it
I think it's called me mi eye and it's
the precision brow detailer in
impeccably medium this is a teeny tiny
little pencil basically um Danny I like
it because it is teeny tiny and it's a
really good match for my brow color also
lasts a really long time and because
it's so small you can really draw in
those kind of hair like lines so I have
been really liking that normally I like
to fill my brows in with eyeshadow um
like a matte eyeshadow not like a
sparkly green one um and this is taken
over at the moment so I've been using
this every single day I filled in my
brows love it love it okay and last but
not least lipstick as you know I've been
loving the nude I don't know why pause
for so long as you know I have been
loving pinky nudes so I have two
favorites one is high-end and one is
drugstore I love both of them equally
which just goes to show you don't need
to spend a lot of money in order to have
something you love I am just an addict
the first one is Tom Ford is a Tom Ford
lipstick this is your cream of the crop
high-end lipstick if you want to treat
yourself or you want to get someone a
present this is the perfect
thing to go for I went online and I
looked up a few reviews because before I
spent the money on it I wanted to know
what colors people recommended and if
the lipstick was any good and all the
reviews that I saw were mostly raving
about this this kind of lipstick the one
I've been reaching for the most is this
one it's a beautiful pink and it is in
the color Spanish pink and I have it on
today I'll put a little bit more on
actually there we go it's so beautiful
it has a really lovely taste it's kind
of that familiar kind of matte lipstick
taste the actual lipstick wears really
very well as it should for that amount
of money and I just love it
I just I had to put it in my favorites
because I have been wearing it a lot
alternatively if you don't have the
budget for a Tom Ford lipstick or you
want something very similar this is the
Rimmel Kate Moss lipstick in number 38
and it is beautiful I did I wore this in
my spring summer makeup look video they
are pretty similar let's be honest there
they are side by side this one just has
a bit more of a move tone to it and this
one's slightly more pink but you could
get away with not knowing the difference
between the two and I think that it's a
very good Joop for that but ah both of
these colors I've been wearing a lot and
loving so I should let you know okay so
I just went to my shower and realized I
have two more favorites easy to forget
because I'm using them like most days
the first one is OGX shampoo and
conditioner this is coconut water
shampoo and conditioner drench your
dehydrated strands in this ultra light
blend of weightless hydrating coconut
water combined with nutrient-rich
coconut oil to transform dry parched
head silky shiny perfection I've been
using a number of different shampoos at
the moment but I feel like I always
reach for these a little bit more
because I love how it makes my hair feel
it feels exactly how it's how it says
they'll be back oh it says really silky
and very healthy
and I just love it they're like super
cheap you can get them in most
supermarkets in boots in superdrug OGX
amazing and lots of different scents and
formulations to try out Hey the last
product was on a viewers recommendation
on Twitter I don't remember I think I
was having a bit of a Twitter spree
replying to people when someone said
have you tried soap & Glory whipped
clean on your legs for shaving or
something like that I can't remember and
I was like no I haven't I've seen it and
I have the body lotion that goes
alongside this the same scent I've not
actually tried this in the shower so
it's a shower butter have you spoon and
I used gels I've never used a shower
butter but I love the concept of this
it's in the scent pistachio almond and
sweet vanilla so it is a very sweet
scent I really like it and it leaves my
skin feeling super moisturized super
hydrated and as the lovely girl who told
me on Twitter said it is really good for
shaving your legs so whipped clean my
soap & Glory I'm short Alfie's also been
loving that in the shower okay so that's
everything I have been loving this month
as always let me know what you've been
living in the comments or what you think
I might like and although that's very
dangerous for my bank next week I'm
going to be on holiday so I'm going to
film that video after this one and don't
be shocked or scared or worried that I
am not online very much I'll be soaking
in the Sun like this with SPF of course
let me very much you're just so cool I'm
doing a thumbnail it shows you Oh Alfie
snogging bye bye I'm going now for you
bye
