hi everybody today I wanted to do a
makeup look now I don't do these very
often on my channel because I'm not
professional
my technique is probably a bit crappy
but you guys like the makeup that I
manage to and I have been wearing a look
quite a lot recently which is a gold
shimmery eye and a pinky nude lips so I
thought I would do that for you in
today's video first thing I'm going to
do is pin back my crazy wild most
annoying fringe we have my fringe have a
very love hate relationship sometimes it
decides to cooperate other days I kind
of want to go at it with a pair of
scissors ah today is one of those days
I'm going to make this kind of a chatty
video because I hate making videos where
I'm not talking with you guys because it
feels weird I was gonna kind of put a
little bit of music and a voiceover and
then I remembered I'm crap at voiceovers
so I'm not going to do that I'm just
gonna chat with you if I'm using the
NARS sheer glow foundation have been
loving the newer one which are cannot
remember the name of now it was in my
favourites I've been loving that but
I've also still been loving my trusty my
trusty shear blow which I do have a pump
for I've just realised I just haven't
put it on the new bottle does anyone
elses knobs bottles do that the lid is
not central to the front of the bottle
and if I don't do it like that it's too
loose see oh yes issues first of all
problems I'm going to use this brush
which is the Sigma 3d HD kabuki this
looks incredible
I've not actually used this before so
I'm very excited foundations done I am
now going to move on to my concealer and
it's going to be absolutely no surprise
to most of you that I am using the
collection lasting perfection concealer
I'm going to put a little bit on back my
hand because I do have some spots at the
moment and I don't want to be spreading
that
so it's always wise to do that I'm going
to use the same sort of brush but this
is the 3d HD precision brush by Sigma
and it's kind of like the foundation one
it's all funny little angles Dumpty dub
dub dub dubby dub dub you remember
dipped up mmm and I'm going to really
lightly just put that over any of my
blemishes
I also have quite a bit of redness
around windows so that's always an area
I have to kind of concentrate on as well
this is really good for getting in all
those little nooks and crannies I never
um fully concentrate on what my face
looks like while I'm doing this I can
only imagine the sorts of faces you
probably won't see them because I'll
probably edit them out because I'm in
charge okay now that my face is
completely done like the base I want to
put a bit of powder on now I'm filming
this on white bed sheet and this is the
loose powder so I'm a little worried I'm
going to get this absolutely everywhere
but this is the Delilah pure touch
micro-fine use powder in translucent
this powder is incredible it is so fine
you don't even feel it on your face and
I find that it sets my makeup amazingly
and makes it last a really long time and
also doesn't make my face look cakey for
a very long time I avoided powders
because I like my face set up Julie I
like my face to look full of life and
when I saw people kind of really
mattifying their face and putting a lot
of powder on I was like should I be
doing that I'm not sure um
it is good to set your foundation
because it is a cream and it's going to
kind of move around a little bit easier
but doing this makes it last a lot
longer and not all powders make your
face book cakey not all powders feel
heavy and not all powders give a really
matte effect either which I like it
powered my face I'm going to use two
brushes and we use this one which is the
Sigma powder slash blush in f10 and I'm
going to lightly dab that in here and
then I'm just gonna dust that across
most of my face
mostly just concentrate this on areas
where my makeup kind of disappears first
which is generally my t-zone and then
going to go in with a smaller version of
that which is the extravaganza tapered
blending e-40 I'm just going to take a
tiny bit on that and I'm going to go
underneath my eyes just to set my
concealer a little bit
all heck's got something in my eye ah
got it
happy with that I'm happy with that if
what do I do next
Oh blush or bronzer I'm going to use
this which is this CR T London it comes
saying that right
CR Tay I like this because it is a matte
bronzer and it is a really good shade
for my skin it's not too dark the color
is Palm Island I'm going to use this one
which is the Sigma blush ff9 - I'm using
all Sigma brushes today I'm really
impressed of them right now
I don't know I'm singing to my bronzer
as I'm sure you are all aware by now
when you put bronzer on you want to put
it on all the places that the Sun would
naturally make you a little bit bronzed
I feel like bronzer works really well
with this look because it's quite gold
and it's quite kind of pinky I think a
more bronzy look goes really nicely with
this so I do put a little bit more
bronzer on than I normally would but I
just think it works really well and
since this one is kind of coming up um
kind of works
I think this yeah did not say for
blusher I am going to use the Charlotte
Tilbury cheek to cheek swish and pop
blusher I love this I think it has a
kind of sunkissed being out on holiday
look to it and as I just mentioned with
the bronzer I kind of feel like this
ties in quite nicely oh it's so pretty
well I'm using the powder blush again
use brushes how you want to use brushes
don't follow the rules be a brush rebel
just popping it on the apples and
bringing it back pretty sure that's not
technical town you can make up a bit too
much on this cheek and this is why you
should never take my advice as a
professional because I am NOT one and
sometimes I put too much on and I look
like I'm going out as fancy dress ok
rectify the problem next I'm going to
move on to the eyes which is you know my
favorite part um I'm going to be using
my by Thierry ombre black star in the
color beyond gold because it is
beautiful and this is a golden look and
I kind of feel like this is the perfect
thing to use or just will over never
shut it properly last time I used it so
if it's not dried out okay well now I
wish I'd had my eyebrows threaded before
filming this video just don't look too
closely
sorting out so I'm going to put the gold
on my entire eyelid you don't really
have to worry about this looking super
super pretty and also a really nicely
blended because this is kind of the base
I'm also going to drag a tiny bit under
the eye just display next I'm going to
use the see art a London Collins Avenue
loose kind of shimmer gold pigment this
looks incredible on the eyes so I
thought I'd show you I'm going to use
the Sigma blending e to five to pack
that on
you should see how I'm all in this
mirror guys it's just not the way you
hold the mirror it's just not our
specially if you clap your hand in it oh
I also feel like this makes my blue eyes
it's very blue that is you guys so far
oh now I am going to use another fluffy
brush this is the type of blending e35
and I'm gonna take a slightly damp color
into the crease so for the crease I'm
going to use buck which is a color in
the first original Urban Decay Naked
palette I'm just going to put a tiny
little bit of that in there and blend it
in only to give it a tiny bit more depth
but to be honest I quite like leaving it
as it is I'm also going to take this
brush brush I'm also take this brush I'm
also going to take this brush which is
the Sigma short shader e 20 and I'm
going to go in with the same color and
just add that kind of in the outer
corner I'll bring it into the gold I put
in already
okay I'm happy with that so now I'm
going to move on to eyeliner I like to
use a brown pencil and just smudge it on
my top lash line for this look because I
think it kind of keeps it a bit casual
rather than going all out with a big cat
eye which normally I would tend to do I
quite like just having the brown smudge
Enis
forgot to say that the eyeliner I used
is the eye of or eye of Horace or Horace
I think it's Boris I'm not sure and it's
just a brown brown pencil now I'm simply
going to use the other end of the pencil
to smudge that out just a tiny tiny bit
there we go now for mascara I am using
my trusty benefit roller lash which I am
obsessed with still
look at the difference in the eyes
and I'm also on mascara on the bottom
lashes type of gal I know not everyone
likes to do it but I do because I feel
like it opens up my eyes slightly now
it's time for my eyebrows I always love
using this I've actually forgotten what
it's called I've got it in a quad this
is kind of like my most used Mac colors
and I always use this one I think it's
called soft charcoal not definitely not
called that handy charcoal Brown I was
close soft charcoal charcoal Brown
charcoal Brown is the color that I will
always use in my eyebrows so I'm going
to use that color and I'm also going to
use an angled brush where are you angled
brush here ears this is the Sigma small
angle e8e 6/5 there we go focused I tend
to start in and then kind of work my way
through
well I dropped the brush at the moment
I'm trying to grow my brows a bit
thicker so it is quite a challenge
filling them in if any of you get your
brows done you all know how much more
easy it is once they've been threaded or
waxed or however else you maintain your
brows to actually fill them like
sometimes you don't even need to do
anything
I haven't had mine tinted or threaded
for a while so this takes a bit longer
at the moment it's so hard trying to
make them look the same but remember
ladies
eyebrows are sisters not twins when I
turn myself
most days okay now that my eyebrows are
done and I'm feeling so much more human
I am going to go straight in with the
lipstick and the lipstick I'm using is
the Kate Moss number 38 and it is this
gorgeous pinky nude kind of thing you'd
generally the word
Sam any kind of makes you go whoo maybe
because I don't want salmon and also
because salmon pink just isn't a nice
sounding color it's also not really the
most flattering color to wear when it's
on your lips it looks beautiful and very
unfished oh my god I just love these
lipsticks so very much I've basically
been loving doing this look obviously
without the pressure of the camera and
making sure I don't screw up anywhere
and I do it a lot quicker than that
normally on a day to day basis I can do
that pretty quickly but there are a lot
of you watching this so the pressure is
unreal I don't really know what I'm
going to call it maybe golden salmon
sounds like a recipe maybe I won't call
it that thank you so much for watching I
really hope you have enjoyed this video
do leave suggestions in the comments for
any other makeup looks that you may have
seen me wearing are the best place to
see me wearing lots and lots of
different makeup looks is my second
channel so I'll leave a link to that
you can go on over and then and then
request things to your heart's content
and I will be sure to jot them down and
possibly film them for you hope you all
have an amazing weekend and that the
next week will bring you nothing but
happiness wow I'm in a great mood today
I hope this rubs off on you give the
video a thumbs up if you liked it and I
love you very much
always mwah goodbye that seems very
final goodbye goodbye see you later see
you never again bye guys okay let's go
what's gotten my unclench RCI hi welcome
to my big this is so close your logic
and I see my cash
