hi everyone so today I'm going to be
doing a homework beauty random bits and
pieces haul video I did my clothing haul
and I asked you guys if you wanted me to
do this one and you all did so that is
what I'm gonna do because that is how it
works when I ask your question and you
answer it and you want it I also
apologize my nails they look chipped and
disgusting disgusting husband are
disgusting because I had a meeting today
and I was just picking out it you know
you're like listening intently but
you're like this that's what I was doing
so my nails are ruined and they look
awful that I need to do them but I hate
doing my nails it's like my least
favorite thing to do so that's probably
on the bottom of things to-do list when
I say home stuff like home where I J I
kind of just need candles to be honest I
did buy some lanterns but now they have
lots of candles in them and they're
downstairs in my fireplace so I don't
really want to have to bring them up and
show you but I'm going to insert a
little clip now they're both from home
cents which is kind of the partner of TK
Maxx or TJ Maxx if you're in America and
it's like a shop that is dedicated to
all things home wear and they have some
awesome things in there sometimes like
some of the lanterns they have are so
nice and they had these big copper ones
and they were like 25 pounds which I
thought was really really good
and so I got them no sense is kind of
like a treasure treasure chest HomeSense
is full of hidden treasures I think
that's what I was going to say they have
some really nice one-off things and also
it is the shop where if you see
something get it because you don't know
how many they've got in stock or how
long they're going to be in stock for
and generally things go out stock kind
of quickly so if you see it grab it buy
it keep it love it s I went to one of my
favorite little independent shops in the
lane which is called edited I go on
about this place so so much people that
work there so lovely
anyway I should sing that praises all
day but that's not what you're here for
you're here to see what I bought from a
shop always wrapped it here
I bought tube handles because they had
20% off when I went in so I thought well
I'm gonna make the most of this this I
mostly liked because of the amazing
little china pot that it's in it looks
like a little bowl like after the
candles finished like you could
literally use it as a bowl I really
really like it and it is black coconut
and amber the brand is paddywhacks and
it is a soy candle oh it smells so good
and so I cannot wait to burn that they
also have other sense with other colored
ceramic pots as well but that's the one
I really liked plus it has yellow in it
which as a lot of you know I really like
I also picked up this candle which is
olive tree and thyme this is also
paddywhacks and it's in a kind of metal
container they did have a coppery one
but I preferred the scent of this one as
much as you think I would probably go
for the copper one because of what it
looks like I don't think I could let my
love of copper overtake my love of the
scent of candles and and this was my
favorite scent I think they had three oh
it smells so good
I can't think of what this reminds me of
but it for sure
reminds me of something and I know that
one day I'm gonna remember and it's
gonna be a great day but yeah I've never
tried paddywhacks candles before let me
know if you have in the comments but
they look really nice
like they have some really awesome
designs and they smell amazing so I am
most excited to burn those candles on
that note I bought two more candles I
think I've got a bit candle crazy it's
because I've burnt so many and so many
have been finished all at the same time
one of my favorite places to buy candles
and a place that stalks my most favorite
of candle ever that has ever been
invented that is never allowed to be
discontinued ever or I will cry is
the white company as you know or don't
my favorite is the wild mint peppermint
and white tea candle this smells
incredible I always have to have one of
these burning somewhere in the house I
like to say it's a really fresh scent
and it's one that would smell amazing in
your kitchen whilst was in their notice
they had a new one which I've not seen
before and it's white pomp Elmo fresh
and up I'm probably saying that right
wrong white pump Elmo pump Elmo compel
Moe fresh and uplifting scented candle
it smells amazing white company candles
are a little more pricey they're
definitely not Yankee Candle prices but
I feel like they're really worth it
because the scents are extremely strong
and they last a really long amount of
time and they just look really lovely
they're in this kind of China container
with a little lid we want to make up I
went into bare essentials or bare
minerals because I was talking to poppy
about Foundation and um when my skin is
really good I like to wear something
that is not too heavy um isn't tacky on
my skin and kind of leaves my skin
looking really fresh and the foundation
that I first started wearing ever was
bare essentials the mineral powder this
one and me and my mum both bought it at
the same time it was the first
foundation it ever owned I also think I
bought the concealer and I wore that
through 6 form and I think until i was
about 19 18 19 must've been about 19 and
i loved it i was obsessed with it and
then i kind of just stopped using it
because my eyes were open to the world
of like beauty blogging and like reading
reviews of everyone else's kind of
liquid foundations and I wanted to
explore other foundations basically and
in the process of doing
and finding ones I absolutely loved i
completely forgot that I ever loved this
so much and I wanted to see if I still
loved it as much now so I went back and
repurchased and I'm in the shade fairly
medium and I also bought the brush
because I just remember this being
really good for this application
you kind of swirl it around and swirl it
on your face whilst I was in there I
also noticed they had something new out
and the girl that I was speaking to was
telling me that she had it on underneath
her bare minerals and so I thought I
would give it a go lots of people have
been buying this recently and I've been
hearing some great things and it is the
complexion rescue she matched me up so
it is the tinted hydrating gel cream
this sounds really cool to me it's kind
of like a tinted moisturizer but a new
concept applied to clean skin with
fingertips layer for additional coverage
she said the coverage was pretty good
I've not tried this yet but I will
report back if I loved it I was just
kind of interested to try it really
looked pretty good so picked one of
those up I also knit into Topshop
because I have been loving nudey pink
lips again and I realized that a lot of
the lipsticks in my collection are
colored lipsticks really brightly
colored lipsticks I've got a lot of
berry tones a lot of orange tones a lot
of red tones and a lot of bright pink
tones but not a lot of different neutral
tones and so I remembered the two colors
that I absolutely loved from Topshop I
don't know if any of you remember but
way way back in some of my first ever
videos I was wearing a very kind of
peachy nude color and that was top shops
Nevada and I don't have it anymore and I
thought you know what I'm going to go
back and I'm going to get it so I picked
it up and I love it I love this color
not everyone likes this I think for some
people it can make you look a little bit
drawn a little bit I don't know it
doesn't really compliment
skintone I feel like but some reason
this works well on me and so I went to
repurchase so I can feel like I've gone
back and got a lot of kind of old
nostalgic product so I must have been
going through a really strange day when
I bought those things I also picked up
whimsical which is again a very very
pretty pinky peach nude color it
actually looks very similar it's just a
little bit more pink very happy to
putting these in with all my other
lipsticks when I was in Topshop I also
picked up some false lashes I really
like my eyes with false lashes on but I
just find false lashes one of those
things that's such a chore that sounds
really bad but I'm just not very good at
false eyelashes so when I do them it
really does kind of take me a while and
I'm not that great at it
but I wanted to get these because they
look really pretty they're the ILA
volume number 70 a compact but fully
lashes are for a subtle airy look airy
my eyelash isn't even particularly airy
today I also popped into space and K
where I picked up this by Terry ombre
black star I already have four of these
I am a huge fan of these they are
amazing if anyone said to me I'm going
on a spree and Space NK recommend me
something for my eyes or something that
I can buy to treat myself I would always
say one of these I love them it's like
the first little bit I take anyone to in
Space NK whoa oh no I've lost it I
wanted to get a gold shape because I've
been really loving wearing gold tones on
my eyes recently since it's been getting
a bit warmer and Suns fan out so I
picked up a gold this is the beyond gold
I actually have explained what this is
so this is an eye crayon basically um
you can twisty twisty there we go kind
of panics me doing this because I'm just
like it's going to break off and then
it's going to be a complete nightmare
what I do with these is simply if I'm
having a day where I don't have long to
do my makeup or I want to do something
quite easy I'll get one of these and I
will just go like this across my whole
eyelid doesn't have to be neat
then get a fluffy brush like the Mac two
one seven and I'll just blend it out
maybe add a bit of a darker color in the
crease and I'm done like that's all I do
and it's absolutely beautiful look at
that on my hand it's been a while since
I've done a swatch people still do that
I'm very excited to wear this on my eyes
I feel like stir burns from The Simpsons
next I'm jolly DeLong two boots and I
picked up some of this courtesy of Miss
Lady hyerin's or Caroline hyerin's as
she's also known as and she has been
raving about this shampoo and I'm sure
she said to me the other day have you
used the OGX shampoo and conditioner and
I was like no um
so I picked it up so if this isn't good
Caroline I'm blaming you but I have
heard a lot of good things about this
from multiple people very affordable
pick this up in Boots I think it's like
$6.99 from a bottle and these bottles
are hench hench
I don't think I've ever used the word
hench to describe shampoo bottles before
also whilst I was in Boots I had a
little look at the Lancome counter
because I wanted to try this mascara
I've seen so many people buying it and
it looks really interesting and I'm kind
of going through a phase of loving
mascaras at the moment and it is the
Lancome grandma's I think it's called
brown doors Grundy or dears grandiose
sure one of those might be right it's
this amazing bottle which has I don't
know if you can see I'll put it on my
skin so maybe you can little black rose
in it it reminds me of like a kind of
dark version of Beauty and the Beast I
love it Lancome mascara I absolutely
love anyway I used to use Hypnose for
about like two years um and it has this
awesome bent applicator wand a little
bit more on the pricey side as it is
Lancome but I just think that's so cool
and because of the bent applicator it's
really super easy to grab any tiny
little lashes that you've got that
usually you can't get with a straight
edged brush um so I have been really
enjoying using that last you a little
bit
I picked up this which is master precise
liquid eyeliner by Maybelline
this is simply a felt liner really like
this eyeliner it works really well I
also picked this up which I haven't seen
in their before
it's called Maybelline Braille drama and
it's medium brown and it's basically a
sculpting brow mascara now I can't say I
have much experience with using these
I'm not sure how this is going to go
down but it looked really interesting
look at the shape of this it's so cool
it's like rounded on the end so I'm
gonna give that a go and I'll report
back if it's really good but I just
thought that looked really interesting
and loads of them had sold out so I was
thinking that quite possibly a lot of
people had also got the same thing I
also picked up a Kate Moss lipstick and
this is in the number 38 this is a pinky
nude and I actually have it on now very
very pretty this was I think the last
one me and poppy picked up the last two
so I love that Ramone lipsticks are one
of my favorite high street lipsticks to
buy I love them they feel so nice and
cleanly on the lips they do not dry out
the pigmentation is amazing as you know
my favourite lipstick is the Rimmel Kate
Moss 107 lipstick which I wear to
absolute death I did actually pick one
of those up but it's already in my
handbag I also picked up one of these
which is the one I also picked up a
color sensational from Maybelline in the
color peach poppy you can see where I'm
going with this can't you this is
beautiful oh my god it smells amazing
you can see I'm really into my peach
corals and gold at the moment so really
like color sensational because they're
very jewy
they're very barmy but they also have
really good color in them but not too
much color that it looks like you're
wearing a lipstick so it kind of just
gives your lips like a really nice fresh
look with a little tint of color and I
really like that and this color is
beautiful peach poppy this again was the
last one that I picked up give the video
a little thumbs up if you enjoyed it let
me know what you've really been loving
recently from drugstore slash high
street shops because anytime I go in
there it all gets very overwhelming I
just want to know what you guys have
been loving give me some recommendations
not that I need to go shopping again
anytime soon but thanks for watching
I'll see you again soon ahh
