hello everyone so today I wanted to do
an empties video I'm obsessed with
watching other people's empties videos
because there's something really
satisfying about knowing that someone
has completely used up a product and
also it means that they can give you a
kind of more thorough review of the
product and you can kind of find out
whether or not they would repurchase and
spend the money again to buy it I hate
my hair today so I apologize if I am
playing with it a lot
Oh Alfie will you grab me a hair a hair
pin I've got it just in the right spot
but I want to pin it
thanks for just use this big silver one
the three really just great just great
now I will get it so um I was kind of
contemplating on whether or not to do a
complete candles empties video because I
have a birth through a lot of handles um
but then I thought that might be a bit
odd so I just kind of left them for this
video and I'll kind of chat through them
at the end I'll start with things that
aren't candles and I am telling you
there is a lot of candles candles even
like allowed and please I don't know I
guess so products white first I ran out
of my Emma Hardy cleansing balm god I
absolutely love this I think I spoken
about it um quite a lot actually and I
have been using this for a really long
time this is probably like the sixth um
job I've got through I have actually
already purchased this and I bought the
one that's like twice the size I love
the smell of this I use this to take off
my makeup I always use it to cleanse my
face afterwards when you put it on to
dry face wipe away all your makeup and
then just use a damp flannel or one of
the closet
with it and you kind of just take it off
I like it because it never leaves my
skin feeling dry I've never had any
issues with it I just it's basically a
Holy Grail product for me now I
absolutely love it so that is what I
cleanse my face with and it's all born
the next thing was a body wash and it's
by Mac and it's neuter kwatak body wash
I actually use the perfume with this
because I really love the smell it's
really very fresh love fresh scents
don't I fresh and floral and I really
like it you can get this in Mac oh it's
all like all the color is like flaking
off I actually got this from Alfie for
Christmas and I believe he used this in
the shower too because it went very very
quickly I love it
I don't know if I would repurchase it I
feel like it's quite an Andorian item I
generally tend to stick to things like
so from glory or my own shower gel but
zoella one um but nothing like you'd
always buy it for me again I just mean
it's not the sort of thing you read by
yourself but it is a lovely present and
it does smell great you know actually
this would be really good for holiday I
feel like very sticky I also used up my
obey shampoo this is price of stuff it's
the gold lust repair and restore shampoo
I think you could almost kind of gag a
little bit how expensive this is but I
wanted to try it because I've already
heard a lot of amazing things about this
range and I use quite a lot of that
other kind of styling products so I
wanted to give their shampoos and
conditioners
though they are really good I do have to
throw that out that you do notice a
difference in how your hair feels and
how it looks when you use this do I
think it's worth the money
probably not it's definitely more of an
indulgence product I tend to use it on
my hair if I've got something lovely to
go to just because I feel like it then
it's kind of a bit more special but for
everyday if you're wanting people to
wash their hair every day I would say do
not there's no point
literally no point I wash my hair every
3-4 days generally because I've got
thicker hair so I can kind of it can
come and go that long um and it does
feel amazing on the hair however only as
an indulgent product or as a gift um
this actually got broken in the shower
dude Alfie deyes I think you dropped it
has actually made of plastic so I don't
know how that happened but there is a
massive chunk of this missing so towards
the end I was going like this and trying
to get it out um but I do like it and it
does leave my hair amazing you soft
okie-dokie the next thing is the Sundy
Sundy really Sunday but why I always say
like that the next thing is the Sunday
Riley good genes serum um it is a
basically treatment
it's corrective brightening refining and
plumping burns exfoliate serves lines
even typing pigments letters even type
of pigment
and increase the circulation instant
radiance and I've already talked about
this one my favorites it is expensive um
I got sent one and I have repurchased
many after that I have actually already
repurchased a replacement for this one I
use this every day or every other day
depending on how my skin is and it
basically is amazing
I noticed such a huge difference on my
skin when I use this and I also notice
the difference on my skin when I don't
use it and I think that's a really good
indication of whether something works
for your skin or doesn't and this is
just one of those things that really
does work my skin so if you've got the
budget give it a try if not it doesn't
matter I'm sure you can find something
else that kind of works for you I just I
would be lying if I didn't have this in
my empties video because it's empty and
I've used it and I love it and I
repurchase it roller lash I'm not going
to talk about this too much because I
raved about it for a good three minutes
in my previous video I loved this so
much this one's kind of drying out now
and I've already got a replacement but
it's awesome I get so many compliments
on my eyelashes when I wear this and
actually they were jevs on my friend
muddy and I was like oh my god your
eyelashes look amazing I'm wearing all
the lashes like lby um really good
benefit roller lash check it out last
product which isn't a candle um is the
soap & Glory sugar crush fresh and foamy
body wash um I've been through like six
of these this is actually my favorite
scent from soap & Glory it's the freshly
squeezed
sweet lime fragrance I know a lot of
people who do not like this scent it's
very particular it's very fresh it has
line but it also has a real sweet kind
of sugary scent to it and
yeah it's just amazing I love it I
already have a lot of shower gels to get
through so I won't be repurchasing this
just now but it is a nice one for summer
so possibly quite soon I'll probably buy
it again and it also lasts a very long
time look how massive this is 500 mil so
it does last a long a long long time
okay on to candles Wow where do I start
okay I'll start with this one this one
came into my Pierre box and it is the
locket on Neroni and all kid
scented candle smells very beautiful see
this is going to be the tricky part and
I think of his book black on my nose
this is going to be the tricky part
where I can't describe steps very well
focused on candles I'm not cheap um this
one burn very well um I found it went
quite quickly
um and it's quite a sweet floral smell
really quite nice for a bedroom I would
say but I mean it is yeah it's quite a
springy kind of a bit like oh what's
that
my arm food or something it smells very
spring-like lots of flowers um but yeah
I don't know I'm not going to buying it
again though because I like to try lots
of different handles and I very rarely
repurchase a candle the only candles of
every purchase are jo Malone green
tomato leaf and the white company mint
one so no I won't be reviving this
candle but it was nice of your buyer
market um maybe go in and have a look in
it it is quite nice this time of year
this one is the Elizabeth Williams white
tea and ginger fragrant candle this was
a present when we moved into this house
from Felix and Marcia oh I can't smell
it anymore it's like literally no smell
now because I literally did burn I'm
right to the core there's like nothing
left in it um but I do remember this
smelling very very nice I'm not sure
where they got it from and I've never
heard of Elizabeth Williams before but
it was nice again I don't know if I
would repurchase it only because I have
so many candles already but I am going
to write it down because I like it's
quite fresh scent like white tea and
ginger is is a really nice unusual smell
and I also really liked this candle but
for so long like I mean I won't have you
move in here it was a long time ago and
I've just been burning it and burning a
bunny in it just kept on going so it had
good longevity that handle I'm really
worried I'm gonna get like the soot on
the white bedsheets
next one believe on all this is actually
done even though there's a good like
half an inch at the bottom of this um
sparkling limeade scented candle this is
one of the ones I picked up from Florida
when I went with Louise Body
Works
very very nice however it wasn't my
favorite of the bunch I do think the jar
is really cute by the way I'm gonna
recycle these jars I'm gonna melt the
rest of what's in there and then clean
them out and stuff because they make
cute little like flower pots you can put
a little substance in them things um but
I don't think I would buy it again
because it's quite a sickly smell and
you kind of get the lime and then it's
very very the sort of smell you sniff
and then it kind of stays in the back of
your nose for a real long time and you
always taste it um so I wouldn't mind
this again but it was nice this one I
received from Oliver bonus on my
birthday and it is elderflower fizz this
pug quite quickly I think I burned this
maybe four or five times but then it is
a smaller candle although it really was
a very amazing smell
I really really liked it again it's that
kind of freshness with the elderflower
and I would repurchase this because it's
not expensive and it was just one of
those really nice ones that you just
such as I love nice and fresh and I just
remember thinking I need to get myself
another one of those next is the white
company wild mint peppermint and white
tea scented candle this is the one I was
talking about where I say I always
repurchase this um just it's just my
favorite I probably got black hole in it
it's just my favorite candle ever I love
it it's very fresh it's quite sweet but
in a really fresh kind of way obviously
the mint it's just where those candles
that when you light it you just feel
invigorated and clears your head if it
clear is a clear head kind of candle and
I already have a backup this so not to
worry I'm burning time on there on these
isn't amazing they go quite quick but I
can kind of deal with that because it's
amazing so
and the last one is another one that I
picked up from Florida back in there we
go yes and it's a honeysuckle bouquet
all that is a good'n I do really like
that one
much like the lilac blossom which I have
already repurchase twice I think I might
have to get oh that's another candle
every purchase then then I look blossom
that that's a whole three candles um can
you tell well I'm a little bit console
obsessed right now
I just a lot of examples from candle
crazy floors like the garden in spring
summer it smells very very nice is one
of the candles that kind of does make
your whole room smell beautiful and I
would repurchase that if I went to
America so that's everything that's all
my empties I can't even tell you how
long it takes to collect empties as well
like when I watch people's empties and
they're like yeah I got through this
moisturizer and I got through this
lipstick on like cheese I honestly don't
think I've ever fully gone through an
entire lipstick don't know no very very
close with infrared by Topshop
but then when it gets up for I'm going
to buy another one because I feel like
it's probably going out of date I don't
know anyway I'm gonna probably go and
edit this video now and I will really
like my top by the way let me show it to
you it's got little tassels
I hope you have enjoyed it if you want
me to keep doing empties i'll keep
collecting them I don't know I just I
was watching other people's empties and
I was like oh I'll start keeping the
things that I get through and then
before I knew it I'd accumulated a fair
share things so I hope you've enjoyed
the video give it a thumbs up if you did
and I will see you again very soon
Oh sleeker celiac like got in your mouth
or are that make you sick baby give that
to me
