hello everybody today I wanted to do a
favorites video because I've become a
little bit obsessed with watching
favorites videos and then I realized I
hadn't actually filmed one in a really
long time so I thought it was about time
I shared with you a few of the things
that I've been loving over the past
couple of months um mainly just the past
month but um all of the months that I
haven't done one basically rolled into
one video I generally tend to stick to
all the things I love and I become so an
adventurous with skincare and makeup
that I almost have to like force myself
to kind of delve through everything else
that I own in order to explore new
things and to find new favorites every
time I do I'm always so glad that I've
done it and I'm always like why do I
just get so lazy with my routines I
definitely need to be adding new
products to stuff so that I can find new
amazing products which also means I get
to share them with you guys which is
what I love doing okay so I'm gonna
start with skincare Body Shop drops of
youth youth
drops of youth drops of youth bouncy
sleeping mask smoothing refreshing and
replenishing night cream gel I've never
used a cream gel before I'm obviously I
know what a gel formulation is like and
I know what a cream formulation is like
but when you put the two together you
don't really know what to expect um but
when I got this I was immediately like
why is it saying
Batsy um and I opened it and oh my
goodness
okay I've like been knocking this around
clearly um I don't know if you can see
that oh the weirdest formulation I have
ever felt Oh nah let's just at the door
I'll be this stuff is like the coolest
weirdest formulation no don't eat it oh
that's close
like selfie there you go it's a chewy
alligator you can chew this you almost
touch it and it bounces back and it
leaves like an indent I don't know if
you can see that but I'm like sticking
my finger in nothing comes out on my
finger but it leaves a huge dent it's
like it feels like play-doh it feels
like cold play-doh it also smells
absolutely amazing this contains a
device stem cells Edelweiss stem cells
yeah okay um
which is designed to kind of moisturize
your skin and leave it with that kind of
youthful glowing hydrated look when you
wake up so you just put this on at night
anything on at night when you wake up
you're like wow and it's meant to make
your skin look fancy um it is so
hydrating like you only need the
smallest amount so although this is kind
of like lower price range for a skin
care product it is still just over 20
pounds I think but this will last you a
really long time and also you can like
it just looks untouched every time like
I've used this a lot but it still looks
like I've barely used anything I just
really like it I really like how my skin
feels the next day I really I do feel as
though my skin looks a lot more hydrated
and I also feel like um it does leave my
skin looking and feeling a lot more
fresh and kind of rejuvenated and that
is everything I thought it would be the
next thing I've really been loving is
the pixie glow tonic with aloe vera and
ginseng this is a toner which I apply
onto a cotton wool pad and put over my
entire face after I have cleansed my
skin before my serum and moisturizer and
eye cream so I will use this this is an
exfoliating facial tonic so it removes
dead skin cells as you wipe it over your
face without it being really harsh on
your skin and it's not a scrub so you're
not using like a salt scrub or any of
the other kind of facial scrubs that you
can get with little bits in which can
sometimes be quite irritating if you
have sensitive skin and you do need to
exfoliate your face exfoliating your
face is a process that does help kind of
you need to get rid of the dead skin
cells and a lot of people just think to
grab the nearest thing with um
bits in it I'm just gonna say bits
because the bits very I have found this
to be a lot more effective and um I like
the smell it doesn't irritate my skin I
use it twice a day I think if you have I
think if you have really sensitive skin
your any advice to use this once a day
um but I just really really like it
this next product is a little more
pricey and I blame Caroline hyerin's for
this because she introduced me to the
brand and but also I feel like when it
comes to skincare you can be a bit more
generous with how much you spend as you
know this face has to last me a lifetime
and I want to take care of it if I'm
going to spend money on clothes and
holidays then I think it's only right to
sometimes spend a little bit more on
ensuring that your skincare is what you
want it to be and is doing the things
you want it to do so after my little
disclaimer um the next item is tatah
Harper hydrating floral essence moisture
boosting toner chatter Harper's products
are all 100% natural and non-toxic which
I found one of the main things that kind
of Drew me to the brand I also love the
packaging but it's not about the
packaging when you're spending this much
on a product it's about what the product
does and if it works well for your skin
and because I have sensitive skin I tend
to find that the more natural the
product is the better my skin gets on
with it and so that is why I have really
been enjoying this it is essentially a
mist toner so after I have used my pixie
glow tonic I will sometimes spritz this
on over-the-top or instead of the pixie
glow tonic and this is honestly so
lovely um you know those days where you
just feel a bit gross and your skin
doesn't feel how you wanted to feel it
doesn't feel hydrated it doesn't feel
moisturized and it doesn't feel fresh
that's the only way I can describe it is
like that fresh feeling this instantly
makes you feel that fresh feeling I
remember when the chordally I can't
remember what it was called the
cordially spray was kind of like
everyone went ups was obsessed over it
and everyone was buying it and I never
got on with it and I was like I just
don't see the point in a mist
toner I just I didn't get it I was so
used to wiping toners over my entire
face since I've been using this I've
been completely converted I absolutely
love it and you guys know I wouldn't
ever recommend you
into anything if I thought it wasn't any
good so for those of you that do have a
bit more of a budget on skincare or you
don't mind exploring other areas for
skincare then you might want to check
this out this brand has amazing reviews
it's definitely not cheap so don't feel
that you have to kind of save up for an
item it's definitely only if this is
kind of within your price range but I
have been really enjoying it you can
also use this over your makeup as well
which I don't tend to do because
generally that means I'll end up with
like mascara over my face because I'm
never very good at spraying a fine mist
and I always scrunch my face up as much
so try and relax
I'm still a face cruncher when it comes
to face sprays so yeah I've just really
been liking that the last two skin is
kind of a skincare item but it is for my
hands is the NV organic skin care for
radiant healthy skin hand rescue my
hands are the bane of my existence
I have the most dry cracked gratified
hands ever and I've always said this
this is why I never take care of my
nails this is why I never really do nail
varnish and I always have dry hands like
the weather here is not cold anymore
it's just a kind of nice comfortable
temperature and I still have cracked
hands sometimes even painfully cracked
hands which I think I get from my dad so
cheers for the dry dry hands dad and for
that reason I find finding the perfect
hand cream quite the challenge I feel
like a lot of them don't even scratch
the surface
I've tried all manner of different hand
creams um and I have quite a few on the
go at the moment I just have to make
sure there's like one next to my bed one
in my handbag one at my office wherever
I can I'll try and leave a hand cream
and kind of use it throughout the day
but it is one of those things but unless
it's in front of you you forget that you
have to moisturize because you're
constantly moisturizing everywhere else
and I guess you just think it's okay my
hands had moisture today but in actual
fact hands get dry very very quickly
you're washing your
and all the time you're always doing
things with your hands II you need to
look after your hands so I got sent this
to my PO Box I didn't think much of it I
was just like oh it's a hand cream I'll
try it
and I've honestly become obsessed I'm
not actually mad keen on the scent of
this product it smells kind of orange E
and unless it's chocolate orange
I'm not into orange scented things I'm
not going to orange flavored things but
I can look past the smell of this
product because of how amazing it feels
on my hands and because of the
formulation of the actual product it
does say intensive skin and cuticle
treatment so this isn't just a normal
hand cream Nala has farted I will resume
in a moment so it is for very dry hands
if you don't like that feeling on your
hands and it would leave kind of like a
semi greasy feel you won't like this
there's no point even looking into it um
but yeah I've been really liking that so
for I would give it a little mention I'm
moving on to makeup I feel like this is
going to be a really long rambling video
so I apologize for that
if by now you're already a little bit
bored I thing I've been really loving is
my Stealer eyes of the window palette
and it comes with this ginormous mirror
and lots and lots of beautiful eyeshadow
shades um I like all of them besides the
grey grey does not suit to me I have
found out um through the years of trial
and error grey eyeshadows do not suit me
I think it has something to do with my
skin tone and the color of my eyes but
grey just doesn't look good I'm
currently wearing this shade and this
shade I've also been using this gold one
to death because I've been really loving
gold and I also just really like Stila
eye shadows the next thing I've really
been loving I can imagine is quite a
hit-and-miss item and that is the NARS
all day luminous weightless foundation
and I am the shade Montblanc for those
of you that are interested I've been
wearing this um in a lot of my most
recent videos I've got it on today so
you can get kind of look at how it looks
on the
in um I always get compliments whenever
I wear this foundation whether that's in
a photo in real life in a video I always
have people ask me what foundation I'm
wearing now when I have it on I feel
like it looks really great um however I
would never have imagined I would ever
love this because it's very very watery
in fact if I shook this now it would
seep out somewhere and then it is a
little bit more difficult to blend into
the skin by that I mean when I have my
brush and I've taken a bit off back of
my hand and I'm blending it it takes a
lot longer to blend and not have those
kind of lines of where you're trying to
blend whereas with the sheer glow
foundation I've never had that issue
formulation isn't my favorite but when
it's actually on your skin and you're
looking at yourself in the mirror or
you're taking a photo or you catch
yourself and you just think my skin
looks great it's the foundation I just
think it makes my skin look so good and
that makes me very happy and I didn't
think I would like it because you do
have to give it that little bit more
effort when you're applying it but I
feel like that really pays off so I just
thought I would give that a little
mention because I do really really love
the coverage and the way it makes my
skin look when you kind of see the word
luminous and weightless you almost
imagine it to be a kind of jewy BB cream
slash tinted moisturizer sort of
formulation but it's really not like
that at all and it does feel very
lightweight I don't feel like I have
foundation on and it does last a really
good amount of time and nothing goes
patchy on it which makes me very happy
the next thing is a concealer which I've
also been using with the NARS luminous
luminous weightless luminous weightless
foundation and it's the Urban Decay
Naked skin weightless complete coverage
concealer why is everything weightless
this is in the color light which if you
are very very fair will not match your
skin
koan I use this on my face my eyes I
feel like it's not quite light enough
because I like to have a bit more
brightness under the eyes but on my
blemishes I've been using this and I
really really liked it how the dopher
applicator so kind of like a lip gloss
which I also really like and the
coverage is amazing so love love love
love this is all I've been using on my
blemishes for like the past like two
months next thing is a huge obsession I
feel like I could do a whole video
talking about this because I love it so
much this is probably my most loved item
of the past few months and that is the
benefit roller lash mascara I wasn't
madly excited about it but um I gave it
a go and I was obsessed and all of a
sudden my Too Faced better than sex
mascara was pushed in the back of the
drawer and this was what I was picking
up every single morning I honestly um
like head over heels in love with this
mascara it is a plastic applicator which
firstly I would have never ever
considered would be good because I don't
really like plastic applicators on the
scara's I much prefer the bristles
because I feel like they grab up my
lashes a lot more my lashes are
naturally quite long they are naturally
quite curly but I feel like when I use
this I I feel like sometimes I can get
like a false lash effect just with this
mascara and nothing else no primer no
nothing
it applies really nicely it comes off
really nicely in the evening it doesn't
leave any smudges underneath my eyes
throughout the day um the only place it
does leave smudges sometimes is up here
but that's because my lashes are so long
and I probably just don't wait for them
to dry um and I just love how this makes
my lashes look again this is another
item that people have gone to me oh my
god what mascara are you wearing your
eyelashes look insane I'm like its
benefits roller lash it's incredible
love it and I've already bought a backup
good this is about to run out and go dry
handles wise um I kind of feel like I
should throw in a can
category since every single month I am
burning and loving many different
candles but this month I'm gonna say
I've been loving the lilac blossom
candle by Bath & Body Works I've been
very sparing with it this isn't actually
the one I bought from from Bath & Body
Works in my haul that was a small one
wick candle which is in my office which
I'm also sparingly burning and then I
ordered this off of ebay it just smells
like a summer garden on a hot day it
smells amazing it smells very floral but
not kind of a rosy type floral um and oh
here we go freshly cut my lip glosses
with a hint of lily of the valley and
delicate violet create the ultimate
spring fragrance that's pretty much it
but that sums up way better than I ever
could I've been loving that so much so
that my friend Carrie and brought me
back this from America which is the same
candle actually it's just in a different
packaging and it's lilac blossom oh my
goodness it smells so good okay Nala
yeah that's fine
Nala its next-door neighbor's in their
garden and that's okay isn't it they're
allowed to do that
hey come on now stop it yeah two other
things I've really been loving one is
music and one is a new TV series the TV
series is once upon a time which I am
watching on Netflix
I'm currently towards the end of series
1 and I am really enjoying it it's about
fairytale characters that find
themselves trapped in the modern day and
I am just really enjoying it because it
does feel very magical but it also has
really good like twists and pop changes
so if any of you are for a new Netflix
series and check out once upon a time
because
it's awesome the other thing I've been
loving is Shawn Mendes
I love Shawn Mendes I love all his songs
I just really really like his music
I have never listened to any of his
songs and thought I don't like this as
much I just love every single song he
has ever sung I will put a little link
in the description box to his album
handwritten so if any of you guys want
to go go on over and check that out or
listen to his album then then do do it
it's it's really good it's really good
so that is all of my favorites I feel
like this is going to be such a long
video but I hope I haven't bored you to
death or to tears and I hope you found
this interesting I would absolutely love
to know what you guys have been loving
so leave me a little comment in the
comment section and I hope you all had
an awesome weekend I'll see you very
soon goodbye
