you're gonna say hello everyone and
welcome to Zoe's horror video do you
know what a whole video is Nala where I
show everyone what clothes are for is
that interesting to you it ha take that
as a yes whole video
I got please I it rollerballs I love you
myself and Alfie's family have a holiday
planned which is coming up fairly soon
so I thought it would be a really good
time to go out and try and look for some
more colorful summery holiday type
clothing items because I have a lot of
dark colors and grays and blacks but you
don't really want to be wearing too much
of that when you're on a summer holiday
so that was my challenge that I set
myself the other day when I went
shopping with Alfie sister poppy you can
actually watch a vlog of that on my
second channel I know that I mentioned
that a few times but for those of you
that don't know I'm just gonna kind of
shamelessly plug my second channel here
on my main channel I do have a second
channel where I mostly just vlog my day
it's not every single day but it is most
days at the moment so if you want to go
over there and check that out I'll put a
link in the description box right near
the top so you can go on over and
subscribe and then you can kind of see
my day see my day see what I'm up to
so anyway I filmed that day um and I
uploaded the vlog and lots of you were
like please do all and I was planning on
doing a haul anyway because I did pick
up quite a few bits and pieces so I'm
gonna show you those now the three main
shops I actually went to were Zara Miss
Selfridge and Topshop all of which have
amazing things in at the moment all of
which are probably my top three high
street clothing stores to be iced I just
love them I'll start with Topshop
because there was quite a few things in
there that I picked up because I really
liked that first thing I was drawn to
you were these kind of like 70s inspired
is it 70s
I think it's 70s or 60s in
um trousers that are kind of high
waisted and pegleg peg leg II and they
just have flowers on and they look
amazing and they look like they should
have been my mum's bedroom wallpaper
when she was a young girl but they
looked so cool I just think with a black
top they would look awesome tried those
on you can actually see that in the vlog
actually I also picked up this crop top
that is really loose um it has red
flowery kind of design at the top and
then a smaller flowery blue design at
the bottom and I just really like tops
like this that you can throw on over a
bikini or over a strapless bra and they
work with high-waisted trousers
high-waisted shorts you can pretty much
get away with this at any point during
the summer or on holiday and they also
have these little tiny cutout bits at
the sides so that was kind of like a
no-brainer to be honest I love things
like this because they're just so loose
plus I'm injecting color so that was
quite colorful stripping back the color
slightly I also picked up this crop top
which is navy blue crochet and I really
like this also this is just going to go
with everything really isn't it got a
little tiny buttons at the back as well
which actually does make it a bit of a
nightmare to do up because you do need
somebody else to do it for you I thought
it was gonna be like elastic like one
that you can just kind of throw over but
now you do need someone to help you get
in and out of this I have seen a lot of
people sporting these and I really
wanted to get one um a lot of people
have gone for like a khaki green color I
want kind of way to go for Navy because
I've seen this one in Topshop before and
I thought it looked really cool so I
picked it up and it is a bomber jacket I
don't know what I'm gonna wear this with
and I know that this isn't spring or
summery um but it is so cozy to just
kind of throw on maybe in the evenings
and I'm taking Nala for a walk um I can
just pop this on I just really liked it
I just wanted to sport a bomber because
everyone else can rock them you may have
also seen if you watch my vlogs I am
really plugging my vlogs today and I'm
not even sorry about it um that papi had
this coat on and I said on my vlog I
love your coat I am going to have to buy
it so when I was in Topshop we were
hunting for it and we couldn't find it
anywhere so I asked one of the lovely
girls up in personal shopping if she
could find it for me and they had two
left one was a size 14 and one was a
size 6 so I was absolutely beside myself
with happiness because I don't think
they had it online and he was a fast
seller so I managed to grab one and I
absolutely loved it it's basically a
duster coat it's quite big it's quite
baggy looking um but poppy manages to
look amazing and rock it with every
outfit and it is just one of those
jackets that you can just put with
anything and it instantly becomes like
really smart and not too smart because
it is still smart cash but it just
instantly makes any outfit look amazing
so picked that up I also picked up this
this is actually one of my favorite
finds and again although this isn't
spring or summer related and I'm
definitely not gonna be wearing this on
holiday I am gonna be wearing this now I
think like now is like good kind of
trouser bomber jacket kind of thin
jumper weather or sometimes thick since
the weather is very unpredictable here
in the UK um it's this jumper it's cream
and it is kind of baggy ish but it's the
color that I really love on this it's
kind of like a high wide net color with
a tiny little roll on it um and I just
think it looks really lovely on so
picked that up I also tried this on with
the really funky flowery trousers and I
think that that was RunAs outfit combo
so I'm happy with that
and then the last dress I picked up
again was very 60s 70s inspired and it's
this swing dress with a high neck and it
just has this really beautiful kind of
yellowy colour with a very very muted
kind of pastel pink and I just think the
colors work really nice together and I
could totally see myself wearing this
with a leather jacket and little black
ankle boots
I'm feeling very 60s accessories wise
from Topshop I pick
these sandals definitely not because
they were rose gold or anything um it
was because they were rose gold but they
are also really nice little sandals and
you need sandals for holiday and so I
picked some of those up this more really
good leathery mmm
leather I also picked up some sunglasses
normally I don't I can't get sunglasses
in Topshop or any high street stores
actually because of my tiny little face
and they just don't sit right on me but
I tried some of these on and I actually
think that they look okay for once you
see what I mean they actually don't look
like they're too big for my head
so I was really chuffed with that um so
small faced people try Topshop right now
because they had some smaller framed
kind of glasses like these really do fit
on my head and these are just kind of
some cat eye ones I already own some cat
eye ones from Topshop they're kind of
like a pinky purple color but I just
wanted to get plain black as well
because I wear them quite a lot in Zara
I simply picked up this shirt that I am
wearing I really love this shirt I
mostly love all Zara shirts a lot of my
shirts are from Zara because I love the
quality of them I love the fit of them
and I love that they bring out so many
different kind of unique kind of shirts
if you know what I mean this one has
random bugs all over it and I absolutely
love it
it was a winner with Amelia who is two
years old uh and she really liked it she
was pointing out the different bugs on
my top and it also kind of makes you
kind of go oh every now and then because
you forget you're wearing a shirt with
bugs on it and you actually think you
have a bug on you that kind of wears off
after a while though so don't don't
worry I went into Miss Selfridge so the
first thing I picked up is this MIDI
kind of tight gray dress with a roll
neck and it has this tiny little cutout
at the back I really like these types of
dresses I bought one similar to this
from a sauce or a sauce however you like
to pronounce
and I really really like this style with
black boots so I just picked that one up
as well then picked up just a plain
black and white striped v-neck crop top
can't go wrong with one of those I
picked up this top for holiday
it's a v-neck kind of slouchy top with a
back like this so really like that the
next thing are pair the next thing are a
pair the next thing is a pair of black
high waisted denim shorts actually don't
own a pair of like high-waisted denim
shorts and I figured that is a good
wardrobe staple so I picked up those I
think kind of my obsession this year is
going to be like waistcoats and like
what are they called kimonos and like
caftans and things like that um
especially when you're on holiday
because you're kind of wearing a bikini
around the pool you're on the beach and
it's just so much easier to kind of
throw something like this over you to
feel a little bit more covered up
without covering up or being really warm
so I picked this one up I do actually
have a few already I'm sure I'll do some
sort of holiday lookbook or something so
you can see them all but I picked this
one up from Miss Selfridge and I really
like it it's waistcoat one and it just
has this kind of black and white Aztec
ePrint and it's really super long um I
would say it probably goes down to just
above my ankle so it's really long but I
just thought that would look really nice
on especially on holiday again these are
black and white but they're very holiday
themed look these are the sorts of
things that would just be perfect to
wear on the plane I think this
definitely screams I'm going on holiday
doesn't it I kind of feel like these are
a staple for when you go away on holiday
this is where it gets more colorful look
at this cute little place suit it's got
tiny little cutouts a link along here
and it's little shorts and it's red and
it has leaves in it's vibrant and it's
very cute and I just think that that
would look lovely with a town and the
last thing I picked up
is this place suit not play suit
jumpsuit it has quite a large V in it so
I'm not sure how that's going to work
I'm guessing maybe a little top
underneath or something it has a tie
around the waist which I really really
like because it means you can kind of
pull it in where you need to and it's
just this really lovely print it's kind
of like speckled with black blue green
and pink and I just I really liked that
I went through a phase of wearing a lot
of jumpsuits I think I mentioned this in
my Primark haul and I want to go back to
being in that phase because I really
like jumpsuits and I think they really
suit me and I have been wearing a
Primark one and I really really liked it
so I picked up another one of those and
that is pretty much everything I got
clothing wise I did buy some beauty home
wear and kind of cosmetic II and hair
that kind of covers Beauty kind of
covers those things um so if you want to
see those then let me know and I'll
maybe do like a midweek video or
something with all those bits and pieces
as well um but yeah I just thought you
would really like to see some of the
bits I wore maybe they've given you a
bit of inspiration or kind of showing
you which shops have what at the moment
and I hope you enjoyed the video sorry
if I rambled or went really quickly my
battery is flashing and it has been for
like the last 10 minutes so I'm going to
really try it and finish this quickly um
hope you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up if you did and don't forget to
check out the link for my second channel
below where you can kind of see me
trying some of these bits and pieces on
and I love you very very much don't you
ever forget it and I'll see you very
soon
