if I see myself talk this video and I
knew cement thank you do you want to
actually sit next to me or the shop
Wayne yes hi everybody today I am here
with my process otherwise known as
brother I'm Joseph hello you can call me
Joe Joe or thatcherjoe that's his
channel name after all
recently Casper and I have played a game
we get stuff both up amount of
marshmallows and then I describe a
character to him I need to try and guess
what it was but awfully big cotton Hill
were saying hey I've never laughed that
much during a video okay that sounded
like a good idea yeah so we're gonna
play to stuff your mouth challenge stuff
you man stopped about doing this right
from youtubers so for me to get first
well would you ever folks get stuff in
wrong papers of this show can you got me
to your joy I guess first I'm gonna
describe first okay and I got I guess
yeah so I'm a swim I don't choke as well
challenge
Oh
disgusting Chinese ever done legit I
have taught my something gagging I
wanted to gag but I couldn't I knew it
set you off thank you so much for
watching give it a good old thumbs II up
sees we also filmed a video over on
Joe's channel where we did some prank
calls were and they were very funny so
make sure you go and check those out and
if you love seeing videos of me and Joe
as always let us know in the comments or
if you've got any amazing ideas for us
to do next time then let us know because
we would most likely do them we will do
anything for all off how do you cook for
a long chin goodbye bye bye and
delicious stuff
