hello everybody today I am going to do a
Q&A because you guys love q and A's and
I really like filming them so I've done
something very different with my hair
today I was kind of experimenting
because I can't really do a halo braid
anymore and kind of miss it so I did
plat downwards instead and I actually
quite liked it let me know if you like
it I like it did I say I liked it I
liked it I look like one of those things
that talks that doesn't really talk
what's it called a puppet I don't know
what they could wear the guys have their
hands in their mouths in their mouth
subject I videos might even started and
I already have word vomit cool I took to
Twitter as I always do when I want to do
a Q&A and I asked you guys to let me
know what questions you would like me to
answer under the hashtag asks zoella so
that is what I am gonna do do you want
to have children soon I want to have
children just not soon I am a very very
maternal person be that with animals
with friends with children I'm just very
very maternal ever since I was little
anyone would ask me what I wanted to be
when I was older I always said I want to
be a mummy I want to have as in not you
know bandages type mummy as in I want to
be a mummy of children it's just
something I have always wanted to do my
absolute worst fear in life is not be
able to have children because I have
just always wanted them just not yet I
just don't think I am quite that yes I
really really want children but just not
yet who is your favorite guy on PLL PLL
is Pretty Little Liars if any of you
weren't aware it is such a good program
I am hooked and I am now completely up
to date which I am very pleased with
myself about I love Caleb I think if I
was
girl if I was a girl if Caleb wasn't
just in British for lieth and he was
like a real person I think he would be
the one that I would want to be my
boyfriend I feel like yeah I would I
think just Caleb in general is just my
idea of like boyfriend material
um plus he is samokhin his cheekbones
and his jaw alike like next-level
chiseled um and I just kind of like his
attitude and I like just like him really
it's pretty sick
do you prefer sunrises or sunsets I mean
to be honest to awake early enough to
see the Sun Rise every morning I
definitely am NOT awake early enough to
see the sunrise but sunsets are my
favorite I feel like when the Sun sets
in the evening it's one of my favorite
times of the day especially when it is a
beautiful sunset and we do get a lot of
those here in Brighton um in fact
sometimes some of the most amazing
sensors have ever seen and I've seen a
lot across the world so yeah sunsets for
sure they're very beautiful did you ever
think you would get 7 million plus
subscribers no heck no no way
not in a million years 97 million years
um I know
no I didn't can you put your music on
shuffle and explain why you like
whichever song start playing okay go for
my Spotify playlist I'm a bit obsessed
with at the moment
shuttle say ah okay
that is hey Julie by the Fountains of
Wayne if you're not familiar with the
Fountains of Wayne you might be familiar
with Stacy's mum that was all mom that
was Fountains of Wayne so I think I
downloaded the album and that was one of
the ones I really liked and that just
came on shuffle so hey Julie bye
Fountains of Wayne let me know if any of
you are even familiar with that track
because I think it's quite um uncommon
what is one thing you miss l ily I love
you too firstly um oh no I don't like
that uh one thing I miss right now is
probably my family mainly because if you
didn't already know
I moved two and a half hours away from
where all my family lives last January
and it's really nice having Alfie's
family around and I have a lot of
friends and I have Alfie and I have Nala
and I have everyone really close by I'm
lucky for that at least I'm not um you
know across the other side of the world
but there are times where I'm like oh I
just I miss like chilling with my dad
and like chatting with my mom and like
even hanging out with Joe which I don't
really get to do as much now because
we're both just really busy and Joe
lives in London with Casper as you know
um and obviously all my grandparents
live back where I used to live so close
by me I don't really have a lot of
family um which is sad sometimes and I
think yeah I miss my family although
it's great because they're only a phone
call away
who is your woman crush oh I think right
now my woman crush is Shay Mitchell she
is just a babe do you still have those
apps from last year in your dad's
freezer oh I actually don't know just
wander in one of my questions on my ass
no Eloise does your dad still have all
those apps that you bought last year in
his freezer
you do are you going to be translating
your book into Spanish yes I am I'm
actually getting my book translated into
35 different languages and Counting
which apparently is like awesome and I
will be having one of every single
language that is going to mean getting a
bookshelf just dedicated to 35 different
languages of girl online what's your
most hated housework I'm guessing this
is like kind of housework chore a pain
is a couple of things I don't really
like um there's also coverings I love
taking the bins out I hate taking the
bins out I just I don't know if you've
ever seen any of our vlogs or even back
in the flat that was just I just used to
put my rubbish into black bin liners and
put it near the door but it was getting
it down in the lift and outside the bins
or going out onto the driveway and over
the wall and into the bin I don't know
what it is I guess it's just the lazy
streak in me when it comes to taking out
the rubbish
so Alfie generally takes on that role um
I also hate changing sheets like who
likes changing sheets
I love having clean sheets I love
getting into a clean bed it's like the
best feeling in the world but actually
changing the sheets is gross I just I
hate it I can't do it I always get
myself into a massive muddle I always
end up trapped inside the duvet cover
and I'm such a perfectionist everything
on a bed has to be like I don't know I
don't know things I love though just
just to counteract that so I don't sound
whoo Moni um I love steaming my floor I
recently purchased a floor steamer and
it is the best thing I've ever bought
I'm even contemplating putting it in my
monthly favorites because I love it so
much and cleaning surfaces with whites
ah what kind of voice is turned into I
really like that I really love wiping
down myself
says with some Dettol whites it's just
the highlight of my day
what is one thing you do that annoys
Alfie so one thing that Alfie finds
annoying about me I think the main thing
is that I can be quite messy not dirty
messy just like I leave things in piles
but I want to put in places and like
organized piles so I have like oh this
is my pile to take up to my study or
this is my pile to put in my bedroom
well this is my pile of clothes I need
to put away and this is my pile of
things I need to pay I just make piles
everywhere and although in my head I'm
like making a pile is being tidy when
you have lots of piles it's not tidy I
don't want anyone to like click into
this video what over here that section
of lightweight zoella has piles so yeah
I make piles and then I don't take the
piles where they need to go and then
alfea's like um you seem to have made a
lot of mess with your piles and also
that i gulp really loudly when i drink
um which I can't help I don't understand
how someone could go loudly and how
that's the thing but apparently I do oh
yeah sores
do you ever rewatch your videos main
channel videos no I don't ever watch
these back obviously I watch them back
whilst I'm editing them but apart from
that not really
vlogs I watch back all the time like I
said previously I love blogs because
it's like a visual diary and how you
might go oh I'd love to see what I did
on like around this time last year you
can watch it instead of just read it
which i think is the most amazing thing
ever okay I feel like I have rambled on
through a lot of questions I'm most what
we gonna have to cut this video down
because I always do this I over talk all
the time I feel like I could sit and do
like a 10 hour Q&A honestly anyway I am
going to
oh now thank you so much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed the video and I
will see you again very soon
bye hello hello
I just realized I have lipstick on my
teeth and that ladies and gentlemen is
why you check your teeth before you film
a freaking video and you have red
lipstick on that's too bright I'd like
to do a selfie and the light is too
bright
