hello everyone and just a quick clip
before you get on to watching the actual
video I'm going to state the obvious
here but in the following video that you
in a following footage you are about to
see I have long hair because I filmed
this video before I have my hair cut so
I just thought I would let you know that
in case some of you got a little bit
confused why is that hair long what's
going on um also I kind of forgot I had
this video so I really wanted you guys
to see it which is why I've uploaded it
for you
and I really hope you enjoy it but hello
everybody today I'm going to do another
hairstyle for you bridge that I'm going
to do is a Dutch braid and I'm going to
have it just here and then I'm gonna
take it down so I'm not going to go all
the way back around my head I'm
literally just going to take a small
section here and then bring the plant
down so I think it's best probably to do
this with two day old hair or even three
day old hair if you're brave enough to
leave it that long and a lot of dry
shampoo is also really helpful they also
used a 24 hour body amplifying mousse
mousse is awesome if you want a bit more
lift at the root and you want to do some
kind of styles in your hair and it gives
a lot more hold so that is why a mousse
is really useful if you're going to do
something like this so that is basically
the prep to the hair wash it use a bit
of mousse and then leave it for like one
day two days but if you've got mousse it
probably is okay to do it straight away
because mousse gives it a lot more grip
okay let's see lots more grip so the
first thing you want to do is to section
out where you're going to do your braids
and then separate the hair
once you have gone all the way to the
bottom you just want to use a little
clear elastic just keep that in place
there we go and that is your braid done
now with the rest of my hair I am going
to focus quite a lot on this side I'm
going to make it big and I want to make
it really curly and to do that I am
going to use my straightness to curl my
hat didn't turn it on come on there we
go okay I am just going to curl it away
from my face using my straighteners so
turning it like this doing that there we
go there's one curl that I generally
like to pin my fringe
once it's cold because it holds it in
place better so if you just curl it
round the way that you've just curled it
and then secure that in it looks kind of
like a little limb 1950s and then back
on to curling the rest of your hair
and also it's great to use a heat
protectant
I completely forgot for this side of my
hair but for this side of my hair I'm
taking no chances and I just remembered
that I have it here with me it's the vo5
nourish my shine the dazzling oil heat
protectant which smells amazing and also
loose my hair feeling really super sleek
and soft heat defense is very important
don't do what I did and forget it for
the majority of your hair
I also think this would be a really nice
style for short hair - I don't see why
this ever has to be restricted to her my
length I think this could work for hair
of all lengths if I'm honest the curls
would probably actually look better on
short hair because the weight of long
hair generally drags my curls down as
you can see so this is pretty much the
finished look I have the plat obviously
which is keeping my hair out of my face
this side I've still got my pin in this
side I'm going to add a bit of hairspray
before taking that out the hairspray I'm
going to use is one of my favorites it's
Toni & Guy at casual flexible hold
hairspray I love this stuff hmmm
complete open a window it's gonna take a
while before I breathe in and I'm going
to take up a pin and I think that should
have held my fringe a bit better than it
normally would
there you go and this is the final look
I just really like this I think it adds
something a little bit different to the
style but I did the other day where I
just had all my hair back you could
still have your hair all the way back
but I quite liked having the plot as a
little added extra and yeah I really
like it so I hope that you guys found
this quite simple to follow but I would
absolutely love future recreate these so
I can see them myself so tag me on
Instagram and Twitter which is episodes
evos I can see them for myself and I
really hope you've enjoyed this video
leave suggestions for any other
hairstyles that you might want me to try
and do in the comments below and I will
put those on my list of hairstyles to do
thank you so much for watching give it a
thumbs up and I will see you very soon
bye
