good time to start hoovering out hello
everybody today I wanted to do a video
that I haven't done in a really long
time and it's one of those videos that I
love because I'm quite a nosy person and
I like to see what people carry around
with them on an everyday basis and I
think the last time I did this video was
I think I just got so ever excited I
spat I think the last time I did this
video was in 2013 possibly I don't know
I haven't actually looked back through
my channel but I'm sure you guys can let
me know I wanted to do a what's in my
handbag because I have a new handbag and
it has been a while and I don't know
what's in this right now so this could
be very interesting I'll start with the
actual handbag
so this is it it is a leather Ted Baker
handbag it's very square it has little
like falling bag handles and a long
strap but those diagonally across the
handbag and all the hardware is rose
gold surprise surprise I absolutely love
this the leather is so soft and I just I
really like it I feel like it's a really
good size a lot of my handbags are
starting to get really big and with a
big handbag comes a lot of crap kind of
nesting in the bottom and things start
to get furry and there is nothing worse
than a furry handbag so I got this one I
actually got this recently when I went
to blue water with Anna there is
actually a vlog of that on my second
channel so you can go on over that and
go on over that so you go on over there
and watch that if you want to I'm not
massively into designer handbags so Ted
Baker for me is kind of like a good
in-between and yeah I just I really like
this one we've got a pocket down here at
the front and then you've got a lot of
space inside and you've got one one
pocket inside okay so I said there's a
lot of pockets there's two there's the
one on the front and there's one
as well apart from that it's kind of
like a throw things in in an organized
fashion and kind of carry it off I also
love this because it goes with a lot of
things I wear a lot black and white what
to be honest a black handbag goes with
anything really but also the rose gold
goes with pretty much all my jewelry so
I love it I love it a lot anyway moving
on from the actual handbag let's delve
inside shall we so the first thing in my
handbag is my phone it is the gold oh
it's the gold iPhone 6 that does not
want to be held by me I do not have a
case on it right now which is really
really bad especially since it's
floating around in the bottom of my
handbag always get a case for your
phones ladies and gentlemen because the
one time that you really regret not
having a case is the time you may do it
scratch it or smash it on the floor
which I have found out the hard way what
else is in your do yes practical things
like tissues and 12 soft moist tissue I
hate the word moist moist tissues these
are just like boots wet wipes I don't
know why I have tissues wet but I just
feel like this should be an essential in
most people's handbags just in case you
never know you might get pooed on by a
bird it's like my worst nightmare and
Bryton there are so many freakin
seagulls and anytime one swooped over my
head I'm pretty sure I shout I'm gonna
get booed on so that is when these would
cut the hop up a heart that is when
these would come in really useful to
many seagulls in Brighton to many
unexpected unexpected birds that could
crackling head oh why can't hold
anything chewing gum I really like the
extra white by Wrigley's sugar-free gum
and I always like to buy them in the
pots because they last longer especially
since you have friends who get out the
little strip like the little packets and
you'll be with like five people another
what a chewing going before you know it
they've all gone always get the tubs if
you're in school I'm pretty sure you're
not allowed chewing gum I definitely
wasn't in fact I did get caught once
chewing gum and me and my friend
she was also chewing gum had to stay
behind during lunch to scrape chewing
gum off the bottom of the tables which
let me tell you was absolutely vile
because some of that chewing gum had
pretty much like was pretty much like
fossilized into the bottom of the table
it's been there for so long so should we
have any in school but if you do happen
to have some in school make sure you
have one of these because I feel like
school is the one time where you have a
chewing gum and everyone is just like
Jim who's got the chewing gum so be that
person that shares it my purse this is
quite summery this is actually by Marc
Jacobs I bought this in the airport
before we went to VidCon last year I
want to say or maybe the year before I
can't remember I like it it's like tutti
frutti it's cool it has a zipper in the
middle then it has two sides or cards
and then like fluffy bits either side of
the card bits and so be honest I don't
really have a lot of exciting things in
here I do have my donor card so I am
registered as an organ donor so if any
of you aren't and that is something that
you would do
touchwood if anything ever happened to
you then I think it's really important
to sign up for that it's one of those
things that a lot of people are like I
need to do that but they never remember
to actually do it so here's your
reminder here's your little nudge be an
organ donor because if you don't meet
them someone else more than likely will
and it could change someone else's life
so well this what's in my handbag got a
little deep Dannette my dental
hygienists business cars 20 P ballin
buckets all my receipts actually what's
this for that's for the salon what's
this for bills mmm gelila fills the vets
Jamie's Italian well
mmm Burger brothers oh my if you are
ever in Brighton get a burger brothers
burger they are the most amazing burgers
I have I've ever had
purse watch out the big option here
little roll-on perfume
perfect for handbags really hard to find
this is actually one of the perfumes
that I really like to wear it smacked
aquatic perfume I've worn this since I
was maybe 16 17 and I really really like
it it smells amazing and so I keep that
in there just to kind of top-up freshen
up my headphones keep these in here in
case I'm doing any train journeys or I'm
somewhere where I want to listen to
music turned to normally have in ear
headphones in my handbag because they're
a lot smaller but I clearly couldn't
find them the last time I threw these in
my bag so and I can't wrap them up these
should come in a case but I've lost the
case there friends ones again they are
rose gold I just have a rose gold
obsession but you all knew that anyway
some reason I have my passport in here
this is a little passport holder that
Louise got me from Ted Baker
since we're themed Ted Baker and rose
gold and burgers there must have been a
reason why I needed my possible
something but yeah so I have that this
is what the British British passport
looks like and on the back it says fly
me to the moon in rose gold italic
writing which i think is really cute I
also have a notebook how cute is this
it's a ladybird books limited notebook
this just reminds me like that font
reminds me so much of learning to read I
just think that's like the cutest
notebook ever it's just kind of playing
pages so you can sketch in this as well
um I have a receipt for pets at home a
dog poo bag these once you have a puppy
end up in every pocket of every coat and
every handbag you own because you never
want to be without one trust me
so these ones are cute their little pink
spotty ones
PS this does not have poo in it I just
thought I would make that clear this is
an empty food bag can you imagine if I
just pulled out a poo bag that was full
of puppy poo huh oh here's one I forgot
to empty no a topic Chris clearly
wherever I was going when I threw this
in my Hamburg I was feeling very
packaged do you get these anywhere else
in the world I'd really like to know
because they are amazing my car keys and
like keys for everything with a little
key ring on it that got sent to my PO
box which is a pea pod and pea pods
symbolized me Louise and Alfie a lolly
this I picked up because I was in a
meeting and they had lots of jars of
sweets in the middle of the table I'm
going to have to sort Nora out she is
barking at me no
so yeah they had Johnson jars of sweets
down the entire table and I just didn't
get a chance to eat any sweets or even
look at the sweets until I was leaving
when I actually just took this I was
like huh I'll take one of them I have
two pens I also have alfea's kaki in
here because I'm the only one that can
drive his car because he hasn't passed
his test yet so as you watch this video
everyone going to tweet him hurry up and
pass your driving test
maybe if we remind him he'll continue to
do it and then I have two lip products
in here which actually is very
surprising for me because I have like
half of my lips - in in a handbag so the
first thing I have is the time your bird
lip gloss in cheek and in contrast to
that I have my Rimmel Kate Moss 107
which I keep having to buy because I
leave them everywhere because if I'm
ever wearing a red lipstick it's this
pretty much and I go through them very
very quickly and I feel like I this is
the sort of lipstick that I need like
one in every handbag
um but yeah I really really like that
I've been opened what's in the front
pocket some Brighton cab numbers well my
guess is useful for some people you need
a cabin Brighton that's why I took them
I was like oh well if anyone ever needs
a cab of course I've got some leaflets I
can give them so that is everything that
is in my handbag currently I hope you
enjoyed this video it's always
interesting if you're a nosy person to
see what someone else carries around on
their arm every day I don't always have
toffee crisps actually give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it enjoy the
rest of your weekend go out make it a
good one
and I hope you've had an awesome
Mother's Day for everyone in the UK that
is celebrating that today and I will see
you very very soon
