next to you hello everyone it has been a
long time since I have done a Primark
haul namely because the Primark in
Brighton isn't my favorite and I used to
live near Bristol and there Primark is
my absolute favorite I've been to a lot
of pry marks and Bristol is definitely
my favourite one and I don't live near
Bristol anymore so that was kind of
stripped away from me hence why I don't
do Primark hauls as often as I used to
but I do still love Primark
I still watch everyone else's Primark
hauls it's just that whenever I go into
Primark in Brighton it's always a mess
and they don't select the things that I
really love so when I went to stay with
Louise recently we took a trip to the
Primark in Milton Keynes which is an
awesome Primark and yeah I just found
loads that I absolutely loved and I've
kept it in this bag in order to do this
video and show you so it's probably
gonna be quite creased so I apologize
for that and I will iron it before I
wear it first thing I picked up was
definitely the inner child in me it's
Little Mermaid pajama bottoms they are
so cute they're quite thin I basically
live in pajama bottoms if I can if I'm
filming I mean not today because I've
got a dress on but generally if I am
filming or if I am in the house I'll be
kind of dressed from the waist up and
from the waist down I'll have something
like this on I also picked up these
pajama bottoms
they are just navy blue with little
stripes on the pocket and hang a little
lace detail and again just cozy in fact
these are actually softer than the
Disney ones but I just I feel like you
can never have too many pairs of pajama
bottoms um especially from Primark
because they are such good value for
money and you can get a lot a lot there
was a lot of crochet
in the store and I feel like crochet and
tassels and fringing are gonna be huge
this kind of spring/summer ad I have
seen a lot of it in the high street shop
so I did manage to grab some stuff from
Primark I've got this kind of crop top
it's just black and knitted kind of
crochet and it's quite like stringy and
I am quite low at the front and quite
low at the back as well and it's just
plain black and cropped and I just
thought this would look really really
nice with a bandeau top underneath or a
strapless bra I tend to have quite a lot
of things like this through the summer
so it was perfect
oh it's a cardi after you know I am a
huge lover of all things gray
I feel like gray is a color that resuits
me um so I picked up this I really liked
it because it had short sleeves um so if
you don't want something that is a
little bit more wintery this kind of
feels a bit more spring back tonight
where I absolutely love kind of
oversized shirts for mainly springtime
because I feel like in the winter you
kind of get quite cold when you get into
bed at night and you want to have like
the trousers and the tops and sometimes
socks
although I do feel like there's nothing
worse than falling asleep with socks on
because then you wake up and you feel
like suffocated so just me I don't know
I know what I mean I picked up this
shirt it's kind of I guess just above
the knee roll up sleeves and it just
says a love on the pocket so I thought
that was really nice I always see on
like tumblr and just all these cool
girls on Instagram wearing things like
this with like knee-high socks so I was
like I reckon I could do that I reckon I
could be that cool and I probably can't
in reality but there's no harm in trying
awesome super cozy tights tonight um you
can't really go to Primark and not pick
up any of these these if you don't know
are my Holy Grail tights I absolutely
love them however there is kind of a
maxim
you can wash them before they've become
quite bubbled so I tend to pick them up
really super cheap and they have a
fleece lining so if you are anything
like me and you feel the cold more than
the average person and you tend to wear
little dresses with tights quite a lot
of the time even though the sun's out
but there's still a breeze and you're
like nope I'm gonna have purple legs if
I don't wear tights these are perfect
because they are sure to keep your legs
toasty basically I picked up this Navy
top which has this along the bottom it's
kind of cropped I mean it's not hugely
cropped but I really liked this it's
kind of quite a boxy t-shirt but I loved
the Navy with the little cream bit of
lace at the bottom I just thought that
would look quite nice and skinny jeans
it picked up this jumper um I basically
love stripes
I love Navy and cream I love black and
white I love stripes and this is stripy
and it feels really lovely it's really
soft and it has kind of like what
material is this it's kind of like a
sheer kind of fabric on the back half
way down which is quite an interesting
concept I have to admit although I did
quite like that this just feels really
nice and soft and it's kind of like that
really nice jiggly material I don't know
the right word for jiggling material it
hangs what you now see it feels quite
heavy and you know it's the sort of
material that will sit nicely on your
body so yeah I like that a lot
do you have to wash it though because I
picked up a dirty one so much black and
white apart from the Disney trousers
everything else is so yeah black and
white I picked up this which is a kind
of high-necked sleeveless knitted jumper
crop top top again going down the kind
of knitwear crochet route I thought this
would be really nice and spring when
it's a little bit cold and you still
need that kind of extra thickness
but you want to wear something that
looks a bit more like you're ready for
spring
okay this was me being brave I picked up
this jumpsuit which does due up I was
like wow this is really like plunging
I'm gonna need some tit tape for that no
don't worry those buttons they're just
not done up and it's black and white so
I guess it's not that daring I really
like the print and it has a kind of pull
around the middle little elastic bits on
the bottom I don't remember the last
time I wore a jumpsuit I have to be
honest but I do remember going through a
phase where I loved them I think I was
probably 20 21 do you know what though I
reckon this would look so nice with a
leather jacket and some bright heels or
like ankle boots yeah Rach that jumpsuit
I tend to have a bit of an issue with
jumpsuits sometimes they fit perfectly
up here or that and they're not long
enough or the other way around and they
are long enough but they're really
backing up here so I quite liked that
because it had the tie yeah next thing
this is Navy and white and it's like the
first one I showed so it's kind of
crochet knit and it's again a really
loose top a little bit higher at the
front and the back this one and cropped
and again I just thought with jeans this
would look really nice but do you like
these low tops and there's such good
value for money this is 5 pounds
bargainer whoo a little bit of color for
the summer I wanted to get as I said
quite a lot of things had tassels and
fringing and I was like I need to at
least buy something with fringing on it
so I picked up this which is a kimono
and I absolutely love it look how pretty
the colors are it's like a tie-dye and
it's a really nice subtle kind of peachy
pink in with blue and black and cream
and then tassels at the bottom
and I just love it it's just Jersey
material so nice and easy to throw on
with most things and because the colors
aren't that out there I feel like this
would go with pretty much anything I
think things like this look amazing
with shorts and boots and a little top
tucked into the shorts and I'm excited
to wear that here are the ankle socks I
told you about I really really like
these they're really chunky they're a
dark gray color and they have like big
thick parts that go over the knee I
thought I could possibly wear these with
shorts again feeling the cold like to
cover my legs up so that I don't have
purple legs and yeah just thought they
would be a nice addition and actually
they're really really nice quality so I
liked those I picked up this black kind
of sleeveless shirt number and it has a
zip up the back and it's one of those
that has a kind of roll neck II color I
just I really like this I did want one
in white but they didn't have it but I
really like the black one it's a nice
little addition and it's like a nice
alternative to a normal shirt as well
which I like more super cozy tights
now this one I am not so sure about so
you guys will have to let me know it's a
dress and it is kind of a cream color
with these really pretty yellow and
black kind of paint stroke flowers on I
really liked this when I saw it on the
Hangout and I think one of the
mannequins had this on and I was like
wow that actually looks really lovely it
kind of comes into the waist and then
goes out just above the knee I guess but
yeah it was just like I don't know I
think it's quite cool again with like
little black boots and leather jacket
quite nice spring I really liked the
flowers they look like bunches of
bananas they said this one combines
crochet and fringing all at once and
it's a little
crochet waistcoat I really really like
this I think it's so cool imagine this
with like a really pretty top underneath
or a striped top and then either some
skinny jeans like ripped at the knee or
some shorts I just really like really
like that I can imagine this is like
knowledge dream to chew on these though
I think puppies and fringing don't quite
go and I hadn't really thought of that
until now
I bought two floral headbands I was with
Louise and she's been rocking floral
crowns at the moment I can't get away
with the read big flowers because it
just looks like I've popped my head up
out of a flower bed or something I think
I just look a bit ridiculous but I
really like the smaller ones the ones
that are a little bit more delicate so I
picked this one up which just has some
really tiny kind of vintage pink roses
on yes that's quite pretty and I also
picked this one up as well which has
pink or blue flowers and little purple
butterflies ah obviously you would put
it on better than that I would hope and
I didn't really like much in the way of
jewelry I feel like I've gotten so fussy
with jewelry I kind of just wear the
same thing like all the time but I did
really like this which is a necklace
with navy blue and cream rope
honor Anna's I mean it would have looked
nice if I'd worn it today actually with
this dress it's quite simple but also a
little bit different so I liked that I
bought three pairs of shoes and they are
all flat the first pair of these which I
always like to call schoolgirl shoes
these are the sorts of shoes I wore when
I was like four five six in school but
I've just realized I've picked up the
wrong size what damn it the next pair of
shoes are sandals for spring summer and
they are these ones
kind of gladiatori they don't have a
part for your between your two toes you
know I mean like they don't have that
bit that the like stone bit that goes in
between your toes so they're nice and
quick to kind of slip on they'd look
quite nice with this outfit actually and
then lastly in the way of shoes myself
and Louise went to like the jelly's
section because I really like the smell
of them like that smell of plastic I
really like I know that sounds really
odd and we were looking at them and I
was like oh my god do you remember
jellies she was like yes I remember
jellies I kind of won a pair of jellies
and she was like me too but where the
hell would we wear them and I was like I
almost don't really care like I just I
really want them so we both decided to
get a pair so we now have matching
jellies and we both said we would make
our mission to try and wear these or put
them with some kind of outfit and here
they are they are glitter like
holographic glitter jellies and let me
tell you they look amazing where could I
wear I mean I could wear them with this
outfit right I was like on the beach if
we go on walks where there's a stream or
a river I just really like that smell if
any of you have jellies what do you wear
them with because myself and Louise
would love to get some tips from you
Jenny wearing tips and then lastly we
had a little snoop through the home
section and I picked up these 20 LED
battery-operated lights I actually have
some like this hanging on the bed right
now but they're slightly bigger and
these ones are a little bit smaller and
they are copper I just you know what I'm
like guys I'm obsessed with copper right
now kind of rose gold coppery and
they're just so beautiful I think I
might drape them over my dressing table
because I have a lot of copper in my
bedroom so yeah got those and they were
only six pounds I realize I've said some
prices for something and not
which is really irritating but Primark
is generally just really good value for
money anyway so anything you see will
not be over 20 pounds and that is
everything that I picked up in Primark
I love Primark I think it is one of the
best high street shops especially for
value for money
and I'm gonna have to just be making
more regular trips up to Milton Keynes
now or back to Bristol either way is
about the same distance this is so
annoying is that a massive Primark
that's near Brighton I guess Southampton
maybe I don't really want to go to the
ones in London because they are chaotic
but yeah I'm really happy with
everything I got and I cannot wait to
wear it I really hope that you enjoyed
this little midweek video and I will see
you again the weekend I think my
neighbour may have just watched me film
this entire video which is really
