hello everybody today I'm doing
something I have not done in a really
long time I'm doing a whole video I
realized I haven't done a whole like a
proper sit-down talk you through things
have actually bought hall in a really
long time and I'm very sorry about that
but don't know how that's happened but I
have a homework haul for you today and
these are some of my favorites to watch
because as you know we moved house not
too long ago so I'm still collecting
little bits here and there for our home
and so I've saved lots of it in a really
big pile so that I can show you now and
then I can start distributing it into
the house let's get started there is
quite a thing to this homework haul it
it didn't start this way but it seems to
have ended up quite autumnal autumn Hall
a little bit of Halloween thrown in it's
not to earlier say I don't think so I
mean the first thing I want to show you
is this plant pop I thought I saw a
spider crawling up the curtain then oh
it wasn't a spider it was just a little
crack in the curtain this was from Urban
Outfitters and it's a little pot and it
has googly eyes on it it then comes in
this size and then yeah you guessed it
it then comes in this size I have a lot
of plants around this house and I have
lots of like tiny little ledges in my
office so I did buy how many of these it
up like I think I bought wall nearly
dropped it I think I bought three of
these because I want to put a little
cactuses in so it looks like it's their
hair and then just have them like
scattered around my office which I'm
very excited about so yeah those were
from Urban Outfitters also from Urban
Outfitters I got this gold planter which
is in like a little black stand they
have some really nice planters on that
website if you are looking for something
to be plants in definitely check out
Urban Outfitters they've got a great
selection and then picked up this which
I'm not gonna lie I thought was gonna be
least five times the size of this I
guess this is
perfect for my office and the tiny
little plants but you're not going to
fit a lot water in this when your plant
round so yeah when this arrived I was a
bit like steady on are you watering way
too many plants of that watering can
that was also from Urban Outfitters and
again this is from Urban Outfitters it
kind of I mean there's a lot of mugs in
this Hall jeez this uh kind of goes with
the plant pots with the eyes on I think
I'm just a little bit obsessed with
googly eyes I also thought this looked
quite Halloweeny because it's like a
little ghost I don't know I really liked
that that was also from Urban Outfitters
I then picked up these for my office
because I have a kind of leaf print
theme going on up there and these are
it's this wine glass I'm not going to
use them for wine I'm just gonna use
them for water and like juice or
whatever I fancy but I really really
liked those so that was just a set of
two and again Urban Outfitters because I
don't think you can have too many fairy
lights
I bought some fairy lights these ones
look pretty damn cool you can see them
here they are full of like glittery bits
so it says ten glitter bauble lights so
I think I'm gonna put these up in my
office they are by the Brooklyn lighting
company white LEDs on a clear braided
cable these are battery operated which
I'd prefer not to have only because
sometimes I forget to turn them off and
then I end up wasting so much battery
life but they were so pretty I couldn't
like not get them like that's so pretty
yeah Urban Outfitters and then I already
have one of these but I kind of wanted
this one because it was pink and black
and so what I thought I would do is put
this one in my office and then put the
other one that I have currently in my
office somewhere else in the house
because they're just really cute to put
like little signs on or like positive
messages or yeah love it oh I love that
90s film marathon which one of these is
your fav
let me know that was just the Urban
Outfitters section oh hang on another
thing from Urban Outfitters before I
move on is some peach bedding its
bedding with little peaches on it and I
don't know I thought it was really cute
so I bought it
peaches
moving on to bedding now I don't know
about you but I do feel like sometimes
when you move house you realize what you
have that you should probably throw away
and for me that was a lot of our bedding
that we had like used reused reused
again and just we ended up we were
ending up putting bedding on that we
didn't even really like so I've thrown
away a load of our old bedding which
meant I had room for new bedding which
is why I also bought the peach one but I
was on the next website and they have
some really nice bedding on there so I
picked up this which I'm not sure about
and I know almost a hundred percent our
fee is going to hate its fleece bedding
like actual soft fleece I love the idea
of this because I love being cozy but I
do feel like this could be sweaty hell I
sweat quite a lot on my sleep anyway
possibly tear my little bit gross but I
think maybe I might sweat even more if
our sheets and our fitted sheet yes
that's right ladies and gentlemen I
didn't just buy the sheets in fleece I
bought the sheet in fleece um I'm just
I'm gonna see what it's like so these
are from next in a gray
I'm just very intrigued surely it's like
getting into the coziest little cocoon
like I am just imagining that this is
gonna be the coziest bedding I've ever
owned but I don't know it could swing
both ways so I will let you know the
other bedding I picked up was this which
is
a really light gray star print and it's
brushed cotton which again I love our
feet
not so much thankfully I'm the one in
the relationship that actually buys the
bedding so he hasn't really got a lot of
say in that um unless of course he wants
to go and buy his own bedding but and I
also bought like a charcoal gray fitted
sheet in brush cotton as well so if all
if the fleece fails we can fall back on
this then maybe after you won't hate the
brushed cotton as much you know also
from next this is quite big oh I bought
this extremely large faux fur throw I
find it quite difficult to find throws
that drape nicely over king-size beds
there are some amazing ones for double
beds and single beds but once you go
beyond double like they just don't fit
they look too small they don't work um
so when I saw this one and instantly
fell in love like this is like autumn in
a throw and it's also big enough to sit
on a king-size bed so after this video
I'm probably gonna put it on this bed
although it's not quite cold enough here
yet for any one to warrant having a
thick faux fur throw on the end of the
bed also from next I got this doormat it
says hello it's like it's like inscribed
is that right embossed it's got a little
embossed hello on it which I really
liked I was only ten pounds and all that
was quite reasonable we needed a doormat
it's starting to get a bit wetter now so
dirty feet coming in through the front
door needed a doormat all the bits now
I've left to show you are all from home
scents and they are all amazing I'm just
gonna go like straight in autumn I
bought a gold speckled pumpkin I don't
feel like there's any any explanation
for this you know why I bought that it's
gonna look great
somewhere in the house I also bought a
orange pumpkin with little black polka
dots this is really light and it was
really cheap but I really like it and I
just think even if I just put it on this
bedside table in the background or put
it on the step by our front door I just
think it would look so cute and I don't
know I really liked it
I've got two sets of Lights the first
being these little pumpkin ones I think
he's a glass you know there's ten on
here and they again are battery-operated
but that's fine and yeah they're just
thought they were really cute they've
got really like smiley faces and they
looked really nice quality so I picked
those up I also got these these are
little plastic skeletons that all move
let me see if I can like than much you
look I just really liked it he's like
all their joints move I just oh yeah
skeleton lights I also picked up this
little sign that says I put a spell on
you and you can turn it on look it's lit
up
I'll find a place for this for sure mugs
and crockery I did go a little bit crazy
on not gonna lie at first I saw this one
this is a little mummy mug and I liked
that it was like all round and it had a
really big handle and it was really nice
to hold so I thought well I have to have
that one because he's really cute then I
saw this one I thought that is gonna
look amazing with whipped cream and
flakes and all the chocolate sprinkles
with a hot chocolate in it and that is
just a really cute smiley little pumpkin
in a copper one again very great size
and a lovely big handle why Halloween
mugs like bigger handled so now I really
like it so I got him then I saw this one
which is by a designer called Ray Dunn
who I have never heard of before but you
will see I did pick up a few of these
items and I am actually obsessed with
everything I picked up of his so the
inside is orange and it
is a huge mug like look at the size of
this and it just says trick or treat and
it has a little pumpkin on with black
kind of diamonds on it it's just lovely
it's really lovely I love that then I
also picked up this one this is also by
Ray done in fact everything I'm going to
show you now is by Ray done you'll
notice that the illustrations are very
similar I really liked the handle on
this one look it's like higher up I
don't know and it has the top of a
witch's hat and it says bewitched and
inside it says has a bewitching day then
I picked up two sets of four kind of tea
plates I guess they're not like big
enough that you would have your dinner
on but they're good enough for like
little snacks and like every Halloween
I'm planning on having like a movie
night and having friends around and I
just thought these would be perfect
perfect so the first one says
scaredy-cat
and it's a black cat then we've got the
same as the mug with the hat that says
bewitching then you've got like the top
of a little pumpkin face and it says
trick-or-treat and then a little owl
that says whoa so I've got two sets of
clothes which was actually my mum's idea
she was like oh you're gonna want to get
two sets because if you have more than
four people some people won't get a
plate and I was like ah very true mum
just so wise so I picked up two sets of
those and also they really didn't have
that many and I loved them too much to
get home and be like I wish I'd got
another set and I never did so I picked
them up I also got this style of plate
which has like a little lip on it and
they're oval and I've got this one that
has the little witch's feet and it says
hocus pocus on that one and then the
same pumpkin that was on the mug and
that says trick-or-treat then I got
these like snack platters and there's
this one that has all the different
witch's feet and it says eat up witches
and this one which I just love so much
this says the witching eat scared
patrocle tree and then it just says it
all the way around and it has the Hat
the pumpkin and the cat and then some
dangly spiders I'm all set for Halloween
dining at least candles wise I did pick
up a couple of candles I picked up this
one which is epic it's huge and it's in
this really lovely like battered copper
jar vast jar container it is smoked
pumpkin by a company called gilded
Forrest oh it smells so good a lot of
the time I love pumpkin cents if they're
too sweet I don't tend to like them much
because they're really sickly because
this is smoked pumpkin it smells like
when you light a candle in a pumpkin I'm
really happy with that and I'm excited
to start burning it another can do I
picked up was this one which is apple
blossom tart and crisp by DW home which
I'd never heard of before or can't open
it
ah but it's just like a very sweet apple
scent and it smells divine
a few other little homie bits that I
picked up from home scents I got this
throw because if this is not autumn in a
throw then I'm sorry but as a nought to
tell you it's also very soft and just oh
oh yeah I also got this cushion here
down here from home scents now I don't
know why I did this but I picked up
quite a few tea towels I just feel like
you can never have enough tea towels
they get really grubby really quickly
and you end up throwing them away so I
just thought why'd you know what's order
it's better to have more than not enough
so I picked up these ones which are
white with little grey skillets see
Skellington have never caught them
skeletons in my life
skeletons on and they're really cute and
a little bit more like you know muted if
you've got a very kind of modern kitchen
or you don't want too much color soak a
nice little pop of Halloween without
being too you know orange or black being
very orange and black
I also picked up these this this is like
ridiculously soft these are the sorts of
tea towels that you can actually really
dry things very well on so I think these
ones are my favorite so they've got the
pumpkins they've got little candy corns
on them and little black stars and
they're just like adorable I wish I had
a jumper like this and then as I just
showed you plain orange with the little
Halloween pumpkin faces on and then
lastly I bought this beautiful little
autumnal wreath I don't know whether I
want to hang this maybe on our kitchen
door or have it this way up and put a
candle in the middle so like maybe even
my pumpkin candle in the middle of it on
a table kind of in the center the
possibilities are endless
but it's beautiful like look at
everything on there you've got some
pumpkins some pinecones some odd shaped
squashes little acorn I just loved it I
love that home scents are incredible for
seasonal wreaths so they don't just have
Christmas wreaths they have like a
wreath for every occasion
spring autumn Halloween Halloween
Halloween wreaths I saw this and I was
like I don't need a Halloween wreath but
I really want one this spider came off
so I'm gonna have to stick him on but
yeah a Halloween wreath I love this um
you can never have too many wreaths
that's my new motto so I feel like that
is everything that I wanted to share
with you basically I'm gonna go an
autumnal Phi it's a word or tum na Phi
or tum autumn up my house now because
I'm calling it it's officially autumn so
there we go what's our it's my bracelet
so I had a bruise on my arm thank you
guys so much for watching this video
give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
make sure to subscribe if you haven't
and I will see you again very very soon
boy
