hello everyone today I thought since I
had my best friend here they've meant to
be an affectionate might open my hand so
just yeah so since I have my best friend
You chummy here with me who you all know
and love who have been friends as now
for almost five years yeah just to know
also my name's not chummy is actually my
boyfriend
also known as pointless book and I've
known very less time there's always
known Louie's doggy chog chog chog a
hashtag saw game I haven't seen this
anywhere but I really wanted to do it
because there would be fun I wanted to
do a best friend versus boyfriend the
winner gets to keep me in their lives
and the loser okay this is my I don't
know anything
let's go first question how are we doing
this is it who does the best on soda pop
the point
okay so doesn't it so time is ticking
time doesn't matter
sorry I don't need bitch down here is
one way you have to be quicker we'll
hold this and it's just the person to do
it
okay okay just getting ready me Louise
both quite competitive oh my god you're
both so competitive you have to fainted
on my office what's the question the
question is what would you cook me as an
ultimate pick-me-up okay
by god this funny I'm going to cook you
margarita pizza with a side of mashed
potato and parcel pasta
okay I'm gonna tell you a few dishes
you've got margarita pizza with cherry
tomatoes on top extra cherry tomatoes a
side of mash and some four-cheese pasta
with tomato sauce very similar and you
don't have to go to that much detail I
mean that was the choice was now we had
a choice how much detail we wanted to go
in you just said so one each here's the
second question
this is one slightly different but still
based around food what would you order
me as an ultimate pick-me-up so ordering
you'd have to cook it again I'm just
gonna copy Louisiana by a large cheese
and tomato pizza from dominos with
that's a hot a lot half pepperoni a half
pineapple I'd probably get you a sprite
sarazar no caffeine and a side of cheesy
dough balls what would you get me it
depends what mood you're in isn't it
because it could be very similar to that
sometimes you love what Louise went for
and then sometimes you also like to go
for a minute made lemonade one pizza
face with mascarpone mean it made
lemonade from pizza face
yeah minute made lemonade is only in
America gorgeous
oh no not many made lemonade what's the
one in the pizza face the hope that
homemade lemonade stuff with a pizza
from Pizza face with halva portion and
mascarpone and extra cherry tomatoes it
depends where you want me to what mood
you're in though sometimes want a nice
beat so much when they go I mean
dominoes
yeah I'm actually gonna give that to
Louie watch she had all of it there the
sprite zero I'd eliminate they don't do
that Pizza face Pizza face is different
I don't know sorry sorry you hurt me you
get point deducted what season am i
currently on for producer layers
correction where question to you is how
much of my book have you read yeah point
for each page boyfriend I mean I just
made all of it I just forgot obviously
read the first chapter that's really
like how many pages that like lemon or
some okay so what we on three to what
was my first school friend called
Melissa my first I knew her name how old
was I when I got braces 12 correct yeah
what was my first boyfriend called Jake
no no
you think at the start of the alphabet
no I press that buzzer previously horses
go whoa whoa
Louise is reading the question I saw
that what is my current favorite
chocolate bar
yeah just the speech it's funny awesome
man thanks for dying bit cents no mini
eggs Alfie please stop it right now
no kick-out orange orange because that's
your favorite color sorry thank you
blue because it's like your eyes yeah
this next question is you actually get a
point well each digit of my mobile
number off by heart
oh you brang it for five years
yeah I just press three pictures well I
just made it out okay no check believe
this first you've got one two three four
five six
no Alfie deyes no honestly I just
remembered okay we've got seven I've
still got ones that Louise got right
I've got one okay eight nine scores on
the doors please Dave well is there one
point available for that round yeah have
you got that point six that's five four
six four six core ultra me I don't mind
I don't mind she does though
she does mind what is my middle name
oh I was waiting for lightly actually
don't have the day Elizabeth
if we sumo that guys I've got the ding
what month of last year did I move to
Brighton oh my gosh I know both for
those what is my star sign
I don't know that even over your name of
the other ones
that's question knowledge question could
bring this back and make a tiny bite so
greater at what age did I start my
period bought in late last year I
brought out a beauty range yeah yeah
what is the name of the shower gel of my
in my beauty range there any women I'll
see what's wrong how am I meant to know
that it's in the shower
Alfie it's in the shower room what was
yours
so soap is to me
soap opera wait
another question okay another question
what's my motivation
oh my gosh great okay my champagne I'm
gonna keep you both you're both great
you need to lie down
no way from me thought I was gonna like
throw up I don't if you know this but I
don't know well not winning I didn't
know that to me in the five years I've
known you is never cross my mind that
was really fun and I hope you guys
enjoyed the video
louise has also done a video on her
channel as well
so I will leave a link to that and it's
called don't bother watching it or
something like which is gonna make you
want to watch it Alfie's also another
video which one up yesterday and it is
extreme each other basically yeah each
other done so yeah that was fun I love
you both lots and a little bit more
thanks no I love you just a little bit
we'll have a hug okay there's a bug
okay just get down that comes go away go
away when you're the best of my rocket
betrayed - bye guys oh don't get you the
video thumbs up really enjoyed it I mean
if you really enjoy if you really enjoy
that oh okay very hot oh my god and the
video that's it
