thanks a lot see a while crocodile
hello everyone today I wanted to do a
video and uh someone made a fan edit of
me actually and I realized probably for
the last four or five years outside
every video with hello everybody today
I'm gonna do a video about when an
actual fact you probably know what it's
gonna be about because it's already in
the title I just like to say today I'm
gonna be talking about today I'm gonna
do a video on almost like a little
school teacher well class today we're
going to learn about yeah today I wanted
to do a little haul as you know I went
to playlist in Orlando Florida last week
and there was one day which was the
Saturday that myself and Louise didn't
have any panels any Q A's any anything
so we decided to jump in a cab and we
went to the mall at millennia and did a
little bit of shopping so I thought it
was only right that I uh shared with you
some of the things that I purchased
whilst I was in the USA I am going to
quickly say I'm getting a cold so I
apologize in advance if I'm all sniffily
or if there's like snot going everywhere
which hopefully won't happen but you
know it's best to give a warning
you can thank Anna and Jonathan and
their adorable children for this cold
which they ever so kindly passed on to
myself and I think Elsie so I love you
Anna Jonathan thank you very much the
best gift you could have ever given me
I'm joking they did warn me that but I
could catch they're honest but this time
everyone gets ill for long I'm rambling
I'm rambling I'm just gonna have myself
a nervy on debian yeah oh my gosh like
gulping was perfectly loud this is a
tiny bottle of water just in case I get
thirsty throughout the video playlist
was amazing I put a video up on my
second channel which kind of was a
rundown of the event and also a little
snippet of the shopping day so you can
actually go on over to my second channel
and watch
I also kind of explain and show you how
my meet and greet work which I actually
loved by the way I loved it so so so
very much so you can go on over and
check that out once this video is
finished for now let's get on with the
haul because I have a fair few things
the first case we went was Victoria's
Secret I bought lots and lots of
underwear which I was contemplating
showing you and then I was like I mean
bras kind of all look the same and the
pants were cute I think I had one with
bees on and yeah that's pretty much it
so I kind of just put that away
Sephora Oh Sephora I went in here
because we do not have a Sephora here do
we do we know do we have one now I think
we do um so I wanted to go there and uh
all we can do is for sporting these like
amazing gold tattoos they weren't real
tattoos they were just transfer tattoos
they were metallic and I looked super
cool so I picked up some of those I got
the Sofia ones and the Zara ones they're
just they just look really awesome like
some of them are little like feathers
and like bracelets and necklaces even
and I don't know I just think for the
summer these would look really really
cool and Louise pulled them off and she
did look really really cool and she'll
really like me saying that the next
thing I noticed when perusing the NARS
counter was that they were fully stocked
of NARS sheer glow now over here in the
UK I've been trying to get hold of Mont
Blanc which is my shade in NARS sheer
glow for a good three months and they've
just not had any in stock anywhere so
they had it yeah and because it was
sitting right next to it I also picked
up the new one which is the all day
luminous weightless foundation which is
also in Mont Blanc this one is similar
packaging but it's like a frosted glass
and it's taller and it's not as like
wide and it has a frickin pump
Thank You Naz thank you finally under
stirred our pain there's a pump ladies
and gentlemen so I will let you know how
I get on with that I also picked up some
duo eyelash adhesive I lost mine
plus it kind of went mouldy I know this
because duo blue has a funny smell
smells fishy smells kind of gross the
worst that smells the more it's gone off
so if you open up your glue and you're
like wow that stinks throw it away
immediately do not put it on your eyes
don't put something that's out of date
on your eyes that is never gonna end
well
so I bought some new glue next up I
found this as I was queueing I think
Sephora are known for their tiny little
products and miniatures of things which
kind of grab you as your cueing to pay
and I just bought one of my favorite
shower oils this is the lock return um
shower oil it's without as basically
almond oil and it's just really super
lovely I just think if we're going away
on holiday this would be awesome because
it's super moisturizing and it leaves
your skin feeling amazing and because
it's an oil I like don't use so much of
it so the full-size one of this I still
have so much of um there's just kind of
actually no need to go bigger than this
I don't think because a little goes a
long way well did I get oh yeah I also
picked up the fresh sugar advance
therapy lip treatment everyone goes on
about this so I wanted to kind of see
what everyone was raving about I don't
know which one I picked up oh wait
smooths wrinkles good then for my really
wrinkly lips I tell you why a rushed a
rushed it there was lots there a rushed
it just for a quick grab one I'm in the
queue I'm next up oh well I'm not going
to get wrinkly lips any time soon cool
well I'll let you know how I get on with
this 100% felt improved dry lips
hundred-percent noticed more moisturize
nourished supple and softer lips just
what I want and the grand finale
well flip my hair got excited the grand
finale this Stila um it's called soul it
is beaut
oh this is what it looks like it is so
shiny and beautiful it has 3 s's
and Oh on the inside it's rose gold and
it has a huge mirror this is one plus
for me because if I'm going somewhere
generally the biggest mirror that I have
is my bronzer mirror because bronzer
tends to be bigger why is that I don't
know um
so perfect and the colors in this are
just beautiful they're all really pretty
nude colors there's one two three four
match shades and the rest are shimmers
and one looks quite glittery but I just
I just know I'm gonna fall in love with
this and I have no use to thank for
pointing this out to me and this says
since love grows within you so beauty
grows for love is the beauty of the soul
by Saint Augustine
we'll go Augustine Augustine Augustin de
Saint hmm this is a mixture of things I
bought whilst I was in the shop and
things that lovely viewers and watches
of my videos gave me at my meet and
greet so I just thought I would add them
all in together because I kind of have
them all around the same time um so once
I actually picked up myself this one the
thing about Barton Body Works is is very
overwhelming there are so many colors
and so many different things you don't
really know where to start unless you're
with someone who knows the shop really
super well I mean the staff are very
helpful but myself and Louise were kind
of like oh we're just gonna browse
Thanks typical English like we don't
need help we just look ourselves and
struggle um but Louise found it quite
overpowering you descent and she was
just a bit like what I stand here by the
door and you have a look so I was kind
of like browsing through but also not
knowing what I was looking for but I did
really like this cute candle this is
called white bar market and it's called
sparkling limeade it smells amazing it
smells so fresh and so spring light like
I just thought this is the perfect
candle to light now here in the UK and
the labels so cute so pick that one up
also picked up this one which obviously
they
have massive massive ones like three
wick candles but all riding my suitcase
was so heavy I couldn't lift it myself
so if I was going to try and get home
like the big ones I would have really
struggled in fact whoever was happy with
my case would really struggled and my
bag probably woulda struggled too
because I would have had to pay like an
extra charge on weight which always a
prepared to do and also I'd never tried
the candles before so I went for the
small ones so this one is called
honeysuckle bouquet
I love smells like this like summer
garden smells are my favorite
honeysuckle actually is one of my
favorite scents I really really like it
it's such a nice smell it reminds me of
my garden back home which is why I
picked that one up the next one is
called eucalyptus mint and this one is a
much more fresh kitchen scent I really
like this one I'm starting to really
prefer fresh scents over kind of sweet
sickly scents so a lot more like floral
but kind of not too floral like you I
think the mint in this really like helps
um kind of balance out the sense but I
think this smells amazing oh I can't
wait to like these Alfie is in for a
right treat and the last time I picked
up is a lilac blossom oh my goodness
okay so this is actually my favorite one
this one plus this one I feel like if
you lit together would smell like the
most beautiful floral summer garden like
you know when you just go into those
people's gardens you've got all the
flowers you could ever imagine in you're
like wow you really look after your
garden there's not many but there are a
few that really cherish their gardens
and have the most amazing flowers
everywhere if I shut my eyes and smell
these two candles together I'm in that
garden it's amazing come join me by the
candles i want my garden to smell like
this this is my goal my goal is to make
my garden smollett
candles in the summer I think I've been
smelling candles far too long and I've
gone crazy and I'm always crying with
laughter at myself which is literally
the most stupid thing uh I just I could
just sniff this all day
I'm already obsessing this candle and
I'm not literate yet how am I gonna buy
another one so good so good I got you
boo boo boo boo next up is the stuff
that the gorgeous and wonderful people
at my meter bought for me from Bath and
Body Works because I did do a tweet
before I went there like let me know
what's amazing because I'm gonna go so
obviously they kind of knew their
favorites and I think that way so much
easier if you know what someone loves
you can go in now and be like right
mental note I know that person likes
that so they got me lots of little
things that they knew that they loved
that they thought I might like which was
just so nice just my viewers you guys of
the best you just the best it's the
first thing I have is sleep um
aromatherapy nighttime tea body wash and
foam bath soft and soothing uh is it
said a word or cheddar wood Chet would
anyone want to bathe in cheddar oh man
okay whatever knows but that smells so
good but actually smells a bit like my
ghost perfume eclipse it smells really
good okay I'm excited to use the next
thing I have is this which is the fine
fragrance mist in a beautiful day have a
little spritz so you don't really get to
look at any of the mists I'm not a
massive mist person the only mist I use
is my own which is kind of funny and a
bit weird is it weird
probably not oh that's not so good not
as good as mine but still carried away
Coupe de foudre Coupe de food this is
like a mini travel a shower gel so let's
have a look let's have a sniff of that
one at first if smell I vomit and I was
never gonna tell you guys something this
smell Oh Matt I'm not let me
oh yeah that's for you know if that's
refresh a really nice brush there
perfect for travel shear Kashmir hand
cream oh I needed a hand cream to try a
bit of that
let's try bitter that carried away so
it's the same set better than I I was
about given one of these which is
Twilight woods shimmer mist now I have
never used a shimmer mist before but I
love the idea of these especially when
you're on holiday and you've got a good
tan and you go on like your evening meal
out and you just want a little bit of
shimmer but I mean let's try let's try a
little bit on the arm can you see the
shimmer I'll just move my arm sexily mmm
yeah that's actually really pretty oh my
goodness that scent is really nice I've
got really glittery hand as well now
someone also got me three little candles
I'm going to open them because I love
mum first one is pink petal tea cake oh
that's really nice actually I just think
that was going to be like a cake scent
but it's actually not it's more of a
floral scent I like that next one is
green and it's called bloom I've high
hopes for this this might smell like the
perfect garden in the summer oh man it
is it is these three candles together
but just a just perfect
you don't need flowers just like those
stuck that way cut my nose didn't I and
the last one is watermelon lemonade
which I did smell in the shop and I
really liked I forgot to pick up ah so
good also got given some hand sanitizers
now as I was queueing there were troughs
and troughs really like that word trough
though troughs and troughs to hand
sanitizers and I just there was too many
too to kind of look ah
does that make sense I don't know me and
Louise were like Oh
to test the scent you can
have to put it on your hand and then
once you've put like two on now you're
like I don't know what the scent is
anymore because I have like four
different hand sanitizers and smells on
my hand first one is it Caribbean escape
I'm actually going to whistle it off I'm
not a fist on my hand learn that the the
silly way all that smells good that does
more really good it smells kind of
coconutty let me put a little Bowl it's
so cute
it's called Paris what does pass smell
like Paris smells good this one's called
beautiful day which is this fragrance I
wonder if that's a popular fragrance
you'll have to let me know so good I
really like that well actually I think
that one and Caribbean escape my fate so
far and this one is a mahogany teak wood
I'm imagining mr. smolla car varnish
okay Wood varnish this is my favorite oh
this smells so good I'm just gonna pop
it on me I'm gonna come away from
filming this video now if he's gonna be
like you smell really strong oh that's
good I would never have picked this up
either so thank you I also wanted to
include a few of the sweets and treats
that some of you guys were kind enough
to give me also at my meet and greet
because what is going to America without
bringing back some form of American tree
the next thing I want to show you just
before I go onto the sweets and treats
is a little gift that a girl called
Megan gave me at my meter
I remember her name because she was
super cute um and it's this little dish
that I am I just really like it it says
live simply expect little give much fill
your life with love scatter sunshine
forget self think of others and do as
you would be done by and I just think
that's so cute and I'm gonna put all my
jewelry in this because it's like a
little shallow dish and it's glass and
it's just really lovely so thank you
Megan
it's a cheese I can't go to America and
not come away with pop-tarts and someone
got leaves me oh they didn't put
to name our normally I put their Twitter
name on it I can't remember who it was I
can see them in my mind
I can't member the name and these are
the hot fudge sundae ones I've not tried
these ones so I'm excited to give these
a try I also got given these which are
Jolly Ranchers but they're gummy
addition I have become the addition
gummy addition I've not tried the gummy
ones and red sweets are always my
favorite I think they knew that like I'm
as or person that picks out all the red
sweets from every type of thing apart
from Smarties where I'd just be how the
orange ones because they taste the bet
mmm that's good
I also got given a massive bag of the
hard-boiled Jolly Ranchers these are
amazing
green apple cherry what's fun and great
and blue raspberry mm-hmm
last but not least from the back of this
really how to take this on now if I
remember rightly for giving to me by a
boy hmm
just make me like cry as an early
birthday gift I hope you enjoyed the red
velvet Oreo cookies I have given you
they're limited edition here in the
United States thanks again for all that
you do and it was amazing to meet you I
Love You Zoe
bye Matt thank you so much Matt but it's
so cute
I'm glad I saw that tada red velvet
Oreos cream cheese flavored cream I'm
not going to try one now because I'll
literally get it everywhere but I am
gonna try these for sure
very soon so that's everything at that
ahright was given or bought whilst I was
over in the States
let me know what your favorite things
from Bath & Body Works are if I've shown
any of your favorite sense if you're now
excited to have a summer smelling house
- garden and if you enjoyed this video
don't forget to give it a thumbs up I
will see you again very very soon for
another video and I love you don't say
that very much
but I really do I really love every
single one of you watching this you make
me very happy
bye
