hello everyone today I wanted to do a
video around the theme of Valentine's
Day whether you love it or you hate it
whether you're single and loving the
single life of feeling super independent
and don't need no one or I don't know
why I went all ghetto or you are with
someone and you're super loved up and
you can't wait to spend the day with
them having said that I don't really
think that we just need one day of the
year where we have to express our love
and admiration for someone I feel that
it should be all year round
that's my only gripe with Valentine's
Day or maybe you're just having a night
out with your friends either way if you
want to do something with your make up
then I have a look for you I decided for
this tutorial only to use drugstore
makeup items so the things that you
would find in boots and Superdrug maybe
because a lot of you are asking for this
and so I felt it was perfect and
especially since I wanted to send to
this whole look around my favorite
lipstick which is the Rimmel Kate Moss
107 plus I'm just going to throw this
out there but you don't need to do
yourself up for anyone you only want to
do it for you because it makes you feel
great and because you enjoy it that
being said I am now going to show you
how I did this okay so I'm just going to
clip my hair back out of the way and the
first thing I'm going to use is my
beloved Rimmel match perfection
foundation I'm just going to be putting
this all over my entire face and the
brush I'm going to use is one of the
Real Techniques bold metals in 101 which
is like a kind of 3d triangle shape
you
I am a huge fan of this foundation I
really really like it I would say that
it's probably good for all skin types
it's not it's not got massive coverage
but it's definitely buildable I also
feel like it gives my skin a really nice
kind of fresh jewelr which is always
good
okay now I'm done with foundation I'm
going to move on to concealer and it's
going to be absolutely no surprise to
any of you that I am using the
collection lasting perfection concealer
I actually have two shades I've got one
which is fair which I'm going to pop
underneath my eyes and then I have two
which is cool medium which I'm going to
pop everywhere else on my skin that I
need it
okay now that I look crazy I'm gonna
blend it and to do that I'm going to use
this Real Techniques brush which i think
is for eyeshadow but I really like it
for concealer and it's the bold metals
200 and I'm just gonna dab it on and
blend it in tend to use a slightly
lighter on under my eyes because I feel
like it really brightens and lifts any
kind of darkness that I have under there
which I generally do have so I quite
like to use a lighter one there and then
kind of my skin my actual skin tone for
the rest of my face
for my powered ER I am going to use the
Rimmel stay matte and this is in the
color
0:03 peach glow I really like this
because it just adds a little bit more
depth normally I like to use a
transparent one which you can also do if
you want to but recently I've been using
one with a touch of color in it I'm
going to use the Real Techniques
old metals in one hundred dub dub dub
dub dub dub dub dub dub
powder done it's now time for bronzer
which i think is one of my favorite
stages because i feel like it just
instantly makes your face look like it
has some sort of dimension to it because
right now I could literally be a 2d
image Oh No
I just stuck this in my bronzer like how
is that even possible
not exactly the smallest mirror I'm
going to use the same brush and I'm just
gonna dab dab dab that on there the
bronzer i'm using is glam bronze by
l'oreal i love this bronzer i used this
a lot during the summer it's pretty much
matte it has like the smallest um kind
of Goldy shimmer in it but besides that
it's pretty much a matte bronzer so you
don't have to worry about too much
shimmer
the bronzer is done it's now time to
move on to the blush I am using the
bourgeois blusher in 34 Rose door not
like a pulley door but like a D ' oh ah
this is super pretty and really actually
quite pigmented for this I'm going to
use the Real Techniques 300 possibly one
of my favourite ones it is beautiful
it's rose gold and it's really small and
really good for blush application
especially when you want to be quite
precise or you've got small cheeks I'm
gonna sneeze I think I sure really went
for that don't you just hate when you're
around people you don't really know and
you can't fully go for a seat you can't
fully commit into the sneeze so you kind
of withhold your sneeze and you kind of
end up just going it's like the worst is
such a waste of a sneeze
I love this blusher so much it's so
pretty it almost gives like a rose gold
effect to your cheeks like you can see
the pink but you can also see like gold
shimmer coming through and it looks so
pretty I don't know if you can see that
but it looks so shiny and pretty on my
cheek so it also acts as a highlight as
well I brought the camera closer so you
can have a proper look at the skin I
think it looks really nice and it looks
really pretty with the blush on it now
I'm going to get on to the eyes because
I want to make this quite a subtle but
smoky eye and focus quite a lot on the
lips I'm going to make this quite
neutral so I'm using the soap & Glory
lid stir a real at this quad it's really
good it has pretty much every color you
would ever need if you just want to do a
basic neutral eye I'm going to use this
shade here which is pretty much just a
matte cream slush white and the brush
I'm using is a Real Techniques base
shadow brush
you
to give it a bit of highlight I'm now
going to use one of the colors in the
collection little mix about the eye all
about the eyes palette this is about
$2.99 and it's actually amazing it has
really nice colors in it I'm going to go
for this one which is the light one
because it has a little bit of shimmer
to it mostly just focusing on the inside
corner because you know I'm all about
the eyes about the eyes Little Mix
palette I'm also going to put a little
bit underneath my brow bone
okay next is to pop a bit of the dark
color in my crease so I'm going to go
back to the lid stuff palette and I'm
going to take this matte Brown and I'm
just going to work that into the crease
to do that I'm going to use the Real
Techniques angled shadow brush because
you know I'm all about those angles both
those angles in a shadow brush
I'm also going to take this color which
is like a dark brown with a hint of
shimmer in it and I'm going to use this
brush which is the Real Techniques 201
whoops which I dropped and I'm just
going to dab a tiny bit of that and just
really concentrate that more in the
crease
okay so there's both eyes done with eye
shadow the next step is obviously
eyeliner now I couldn't find one in my
collection that was strictly just from
boots or super drug in that kind of
makeup you section however I do have an
urban decay one which isn't technically
drugstore or High Street but you can buy
it in some boots so I'm going to pass
this off just for now but if any of you
have any good recommendations for any
others that are slightly cheaper then
leave them in the description so other
people can see your comment
you want to follow your bottom lash line
up
this is drying out on me I'm just like
drawing it on the back of my hand see
one done now is the tricky part where
you have to make the other eye the same
as this eye
next thing you will do is add mascara
now I want my lashes to be as big and
dramatic as I possibly can you could
also add false lashes but I don't have
any right now and for me they generally
tend to ruin my makeup because I'm not
very good at them unless you have a
friend in which case they can help you
or your false eyelash wizard and you're
just really good at it but right now I
am using the bourgeois volume clubbing
ultra black for dramatic eyelashes boop
boop
okay so now it's time for me to fill in
my eyebrows and to do this I'm just
going to use a powder eye shadow so I'm
going to use the brown from the soap &
Glory palette and I'm just going to fill
those in with a angled liner brush
so now that your whole face is complete
it is time to add the lipstick now this
is my favorite lipstick ever ever ever I
am obsessed with this
I feel like this shade of red really
suits my skin tone and I don't know just
I reach for it all the time it's my
Rimmel Kate Moss 107 which is this
beautiful dark red so I'm just going to
apply this on my lips
and there you have it there is one look
that you could use for valentine's if
you have any special plans or even if
you don't I hope you enjoyed this video
let me know what you think of Alan tines
day whether you've got any nice plans or
if you're just staying at home and
chillin with your friends also if you
recreate this look I would absolutely
love to see it so don't forget to tag me
on Instagram or send me your twit pics
so I can see for myself thanks so much
for watching guys I will see you next
week
