hello everybody today I am going to do a
video showing you some of the things
that I take with me on a long-haul
flight I'm going to be showing you
everything I put in my carry-on which I
always have a little wheelie suitcase
not necessarily for shorter flights but
I feel like for a long-haul flight
there's a lot more that I want to take
with me and so it's never all going to
fit in something I have on my shoulder
and if it does it's super heavy and I
always end up making Alfie carry it so a
suitcase with wheels is basically
something that is a must for me when
traveling more than about 4 hours so as
most of you will know I am going to be
at playlist live in Florida next week
so that means a 8 plus hour flight for
me and I'm not the best at flying I
don't mind the concept of flying I'm not
scared of aeroplanes or aeroplanes being
in the sky I'm more kind of anxious
around travel so for me it is vital that
I have my carry-on packed and ready and
it has everything that I will need in it
my carry-on is this which is a Ted Baker
wee suitcase it looks big but it's not
it's the general kind kind of cabin size
it has four wheels how do I'm shouting
that I love it it moves really softly
and I don't know if you're really into
suitcases whether that's something on
your checklist it looks really pretty
and it has rose gold on it so I love it
as you can see when the suitcase is
opened there are two compartments one of
which has a little zip kind of mesh side
and the other which is just generally
clipped together I tend to put my more
valuable things over on the zip side so
I've got my laptop in there but I'll go
through the other side first it kind of
looks like chaos and a little bit of a
mess but in my mind is organized chaos
which is slightly different the first
thing you will notice which I actually
don't take in my wheelie suitcase but I
thought I would just include it we can
it's kind of an essential for travel is
my passport but you're not going to get
very far if you don't have a passport
but I generally just take this in my bag
and this year the bag I'm using is my
little whistles rucksack
I just find a rucksack a lot easier for
an airport because you're pulling along
one suitcase you don't want to have
something else here and something else
here and before you know it you're
literally juggling a million bags so if
you have a little rucksack just to keep
essentials like my phone my boarding
pass my passport and chewing gum and
just general easy access things I keep
those in here so I will be wearing this
on my back the next thing I have in
there is my sunglasses obviously it
depends where you're going but I'm going
to Florida and I hear there is a little
bit of Sun there at the moment so it's
not something that you might generally
think of this side because it's really
not that sunny so a lot of times I
actually forget to pack these and then I
get to Florida and I have no sunglasses
at all so I always just make sure I put
those in my hand luggage mainly because
when you get off the plane the other
side it's quite nicely just be like oh
it's sunny
um so yeah those are my glasses
the next thing you will see is my
headphones now I take two types of
headphones this might sound really odd
but when it's like an eighth plus hour
flight and you've got all your in-flight
movies and you've got episodes of TV
series downloaded on your laptop and you
want to have some quality listening to
things yourself time then you're going
to have to wear headphones now I find
over ear headphones a lot more
comfortable for a certain amount of time
and then I find them quite uncomfortable
because they've been pressing on my ears
so I have these for initial comfort
these are friends headphones and I just
find these really nice to wear they're
small they don't stick out a major issue
I have is that a lot of over here or on
ear headphones are massive and I look
like a seven year old wearing at their
parents headphones so these I don't
really have that issue which is great
and they're really good for travel
because they fold like this and they
did come with a little bag which I have
no idea where it is
I think it's in here actually somewhere
but then once they start to hurt or if I
want an app actually if I want to sleep
I find in ear headphones a lot easier to
wear for that specific time and actually
I like to revert back to the old iPhone
headphones I'm not fan of the newer ones
I like the older ones that were just
round and basic so I have some of those
they're really dirty really monkey but
they do the job so I'm gonna take those
with me yep
they did they untangled so it's all good
the next thing I have is a sleeping mask
um this is this has fluff on it there we
go this is by wild fox it's possibly the
softest eye mask I have ever come across
I love this so much I think the designs
really cute I think they have a few of
these but I like these because it's kind
of a way of being like I'm gonna have a
sleep now to everyone around you and
also to the air stewards and the air
stewardesses
so yeah the sleeping mask also it's good
if there are a lot of people around you
who don't want a nap and they want to
read or they want to do other things and
they've put their light on and you find
it hard to get a bit of dark get a bit
of darkness next thing is children
chewing gum is an unflinching I feel
like it's a lot of hours in a day to be
sat in very close proximity to other
people it's basically makes you feel
like you have fresh breath and a clean
mouth on a flight where essentially you
probably don't have a very clean mouth
so the next thing which I always advise
people to take on long haul flights is
cozy socks when I'm on a long-haul
flight I could fall asleep and wake up
and have the coldest feet in the world
so for me I kind of the first thing I do
when I get on a flight also to make
myself feel more comfortable and to feel
a little bit more at ease because I find
flying quite an anxious ordeal is to get
really comfy and make myself at home as
it were so I get onto the aeroplane take
off my shoes that's one of the first
I do tuck them away or put them back in
my suitcase to put back up because I'm
not going to need them for like eight
plus hours and then I put on my cozy
socks these ones are so freely and soft
they are just polka dots cozy socks
always a must the next thing is a neck
pillow now this doesn't look like your
average neck pillow that is because it
transforms two ways now I really love
the ones that come around here but
sometimes I find I can't get comfortable
on them this is a neck pillow by
Samsonite and it basically unzips and
you can pull it out and you can have it
two ways and then you zip it back up so
you can have it this way around your
neck or if you find a comfy spot or you
can have it the other way and have it
squares is just an added whoops almost
flush to there plus I just I don't know
I really like the square side I like
that you can have both I just dropped it
the next thing is my small little bag of
things okay so in here there's not a lot
but it's just easily accessible stuff
you can get these clear bags from boots
this is the medium size this is the
small and it also comes with a much
larger one which I like to put shampoo
and hair brushes and all sorts of other
hair things which I put in my main
luggage but these to make it to the
carry-on bag really minimal make-up I
don't wear makeup on flights I don't
wear makeup to the airport but I might
want to put a little bit on the other
side generally I don't because I find
that I'm so relieved to be on the ground
that I don't care what I look like but
oh my god that made me jump so much but
if I get the other side and I think man
I might put a little bit makeup on that
flight is not really done me the world
of good and I look awful then I might
put a bit on but the only things I will
put on are a little bit of concealer so
I've packed the naked skin Urban Decay
concealer a mascara this is the Too
Faced button
sex mascara and I've also packed a
bronzer now I went for bronzer over
blusher because I feel like bronzer can
add a little bit more depth to the face
and yeah just went for a bronzer and
that also has a mirror in it so if you
need to do anything during the flight
you have a mirror also I also have in
here some neurofen this is basically in
case I get a headache or I feel terrible
or I don't know I just take this just in
case I also have travel sickness tablets
because I am NOT a good traveler and
sometimes I can feel very queasy and I
would rather not so I take those too
just in case and also you never know who
might be around you that might want
something like this also and I'm not
really sure why I've got these in my
hand luggage but I carry these pretty
much everywhere I go whether that's in
my handbag or in a suitcase I don't
really take a suitcase many places but
it is the compete plasters for blisters
I love these I get blisters quite a lot
I don't know if it's the way I walk in
shoes or what but I generally have a
blister most of the time and these are
just genius so I take them with me just
in case um next one has a lot more in it
so I will get started to make up brushes
for the makeup I've just shown so this
one just to blend in my concealer and
this one just to pop on the bronzer I
also have some Kleenex tissues just feel
like tissues are and must-have for a
plane you never know when you might need
a pack of tissues antibacterial hand gel
there are a lot of germs on an aeroplane
most you can't avoid because they're in
the air but where you can I would always
use a hand gel through the airport and
on the plane and just generally trying
to stay as clean as possible makes you
feel a lot more refreshed
speaking of feeling refreshed I have
twelve handy wipes these are just wet
wipes
I just think again they are really
useful if you just want to freshen up as
well then these are really useful I also
take this with me on long haul flights I
know that I think first-class offers
this but if you're anywhere else on the
plane
then this might not be offered to you so
it's worth taking just in case
toothbrush and toothpaste now you can
get smaller toothpaste than this this is
actually allowed this is a 50 ml we have
a restriction I don't know if it's the
same everywhere in the world we can only
take items under 100 mil through in our
carry-on so everything I am showing you
is under 100 mil and this is 50 it looks
huge but it's actually 50 mil you can
get ones that are half the size but I've
taken this because me and Alfie share
our toothpaste so when one of us has it
it kind of lasts a bit longer while
we're away also and it's still in the
limit so taking that one and then this
which is a travel toothbrush is pink and
sparkly and it's really cool one thing I
really hate about taking my toothbrush
with me in a bag or thrown in somewhere
is that they never generally have a case
and if they do have a case they're big
toothbrushes and the case is massive so
I found this in Boots and I was like
this is brilliant this is just what I
need it has the cover on it so you're
not going to get those horrible little
bits of fluff in your toothbrush that
you're having to pick off because it's
been in the bottom of your bag or
handbag or makeup bag so this is perfect
you pull it off and it's actually an
electric toothbrush so the head can go
on you can change the heads too I just
thought that was genius for travelling
and I'll obviously use this while I'm
away as well so perfect deodorant I like
to take a deodorant with me because
sometimes you can feel a bit hot or you
can get a bit stuffy or you can think
I've been sat in the same clothes in the
same seat for a real long time and I'm
not sure I feel 100% fresh so you could
go into the toilet with the wet wipes
have a little wipe down and then whoop
wax malice on I love dove I love dove
dove is one of my favs hard smells so
good
next thing is a little rollerball
perfume you can also take on those
little tiny testers that you get in some
shops which I find are amazing for
flights because you don't necessarily
need to use it anywhere else but it's
the perfect size for a flight next thing
is skincare
now I see long-haul flights as the
perfect time to give my skin a good
pampering not only just because of the
time but also because I won't have
makeup on I'll be chilling not doing a
lot and also because flights can really
dry out your skin so if you have
sensitive skin or dehydrated skin
already then you really want to pay
particular attention to your skin on a
flight if you don't want to leave the
other side thinking why does my face
feel so tight and dry and disgusting and
it's fun too if you're there with your
friends like me and Louise we always do
this together
I think we've even wrote Alfie and
Markus into this possibly before so it
is a bit of fun it's a bit of you time
and it kind of is quite a nice
distraction if you're getting a bit
bored if you are one of these people
that likes to get on a flight with a
face of makeup and leave a flight with a
face of makeup that's totally fine but
you might not want to wear your makeup
during the flight so in that case I
would recommend a mini Liz Earle cleanse
and polish so you can take the little
muslin cloth and you can take this and
you can just go into the bathroom and
remove all your makeup maybe do a double
cleanse just to be extra extra sure but
also if you're not wearing makeup and
you want a little bit more of that clean
feeling on your skin using something
like this would be really good however
if you are going there with no intention
of wearing any makeup and your skin is
already clean but you just want to
freshen up your face white are amazing
my favourites are the simple skin care
wipes and the number seven beautiful
skin white I'm going to take these
because I've only got a few left which
makes it perfect for packing so it's
really nice and flat next thing I have
is my heels creamy eye treatment this is
just something that I think is perfect
for a plane is really really sick it's
really moisturizing and you could almost
just put it on and leave it there next
up is my moisturiser of choice I
actually bought this on my way to either
LA or Florida last time in the airport
because I was after something that was
really going to hydrate my skin this is
the Clinique Moisture Surge extended
thirst relief which I thought sounded
perfect for a flight and I actually have
used it ever since
because I love it but it feels amazing
on the skin and it definitely doesn't
allow a flight to dry my skin out so I
give this the in-flight tick next thing
which I feel like is so important not
just for your dry areas like your lips
or your cuticles or certain parts of
your hands I know that in the winter I
get like certain little bits on my hands
which get really like dry eight hour
cream Elizabeth Arden 8 hour cream is
perfect for an airplane I love this
stuff it is amazing especially on lips
you want to be rehydrating your lips
quite a lot throughout a flight and this
is the perfect thing to do that with
these next things are optional but I
like to take them because they make me
feel a like I'm having a bit of fun and
be like it's really doing something so a
face mask you can take a face mask you
have time to put a face mask on you
don't have to have a sheet mask I like
to take these because I think they're
really fun or you could just take some
of your favorite face masks in a tiny
little tub that you can decant and take
with you but I just find sheet masks
really easy because they're really thin
to take and once you use them you can
just throw it away they do look quite
scary however but if it's you and your
friend doing it then you can both legs
carry together and no one can judge you
this last one I have is actually from
leaders I got sent this to my PA box
from a company in Tokyo I believe these
are just amazing it's the bio media
curing mask aqua dressing if you can't
get hold of that which is understandable
although I think you can get those
online then I have a hydrilla on one
which is just from boots and it's the
moisture boosting mask and these are
amazing
the other thing which I've kind of
swarmed by on all long-haul flights for
like the last year and a half is the
leaders hydrogel therapy patch I think I
mentioned these in one of my favorites
videos I love these eye patches so
freakin much not only do they moisturize
under your eyes but they're so cool and
refreshing and when you feel tired and
just a bit gross from a plane these
completely change that
I feel like I can't get on a long-haul
flight without these now two other
things that I keep on this side of my
suitcase are electrical items first is
my laptop charger which is pretty vital
when you have eight hours of your
favorite TV series to catch up on the
other thing I have with me is my phone
charger
now I generally don't use my phone on a
flight because you can't but also I like
to think of my carry-on owes not only
the things I'm going to need on the
flight
but if anything were to happen like I
lost my luggage then I would have
everything that I would immediately need
in there so that is why I take my phone
charger obviously I don't generally
charge my phone up on a flight but you
might want it on to the next side
there's only two things in here and the
first is my laptop here it is in its
case this is actually an 11 inch MacBook
Air so this is perfect for flying it's
really thin and lightweight and that is
what I will be watching a lot of films
and TV series on and the last thing I
have in my suitcase to show you is a
cozy hoodie or jumper or sweater I just
think that sometimes it's quite nice to
have something for added warmth and
added coziness I have actually been
known to pack a blanket
there actually is room in here to take a
blanket so I might do that I have some
small ones that I wrap around me that
are really cozy but also they just make
me feel so much more relaxed so the cozy
jumper that I have is my TRX ye jumper I
just feel like it's quite nice if you
get quite anxious on flights to take
something that makes you feel really
comfortable and at home with you on a
flight so then if you're starting to
feel a little bit out of your comfort
zone or a little bit anxious you can get
that out and you can just shut your eyes
and imagine that you're at home and
that's something that I'd quite like to
do also so that is everything that I
will be taking with me on the flight to
Orlando and it's generally what I take
on most long-haul flights I really hope
that this has helped any of you that are
planning to take a trip soon and if
you're nervous about it I hope that
that's also made you feel a little bit
better let me know if there's anything I
have missed or anything that you like to
take with you on any flights and
I will see you again very soon boy
