thanks very much thank you very much hi
today I wanted to do a Q&A a Q&A can you
make it to the end I took to Twitter and
I use the hashtag asked zoella and I
asked you what you wanted to ask me and
I have collated some of my most favorite
questions and I'm gonna answer for you
that's how Q&A works whoa
if you were a disney princess who would
you be I feel like a lot of people get
asked this question um and it's not
necessarily the one that I would like to
be but who I think I probably would be
this one's quite hard because you kind
of don't really want to just go by looks
you want to go by everything else as
well and there are a lot of Disney
Princesses and I definitely have my
favorites but I think in reality I'd
probably be Belle because I play it
pretty safe and I have dated a few
beasts
I'm joking that's really wien happen ah
I haven't dated any Beast well what is
your idea of the perfect pizza obviously
when I was finding these questions I was
quite hungry because I picked this as
one of them I think my idea of the
perfect pizza is depends on mood I'm in
sometimes I want quite a thick kind of
greasy pizza and sometimes I want like a
thin Italian style pizza with like
mascarpone and mozzarella and like all
the cheese's so I don't know it depends
what mood I'm in but actually I feel
like my favorite kind of pizza is the
really like Italian authentic pizza
that's quite a thin base with a bit of
mascarpone I'm a bit obsessed with
mascarpone on pizza right now and cherry
tomatoes hot cherry tomatoes not cold
ones how much are you loving your new
hair yes I have had my hair cut this is
where it ends I love it there was not a
percentage of me that did not want to go
short at all I took a little bit off
first and then I was like just to kind
of see and then I went back the next day
I had three more inches taken off the
bottom and now I am just obsessed with
it it takes me
literally 1/8 of the time it took me to
do my hair before and I just think it
feels and looks so much more healthy I'm
really happy with it I'm so glad I did
it um I have no regrets no regrets
probably absque lassic I love it so much
I don't know why I didn't do it sooner
what was your favorite thing to do when
you were a child
oh I tell you what I did do a lot which
I actually have video evidence of which
might find its way to the internet one
day I don't know I used to make my
friends and family really sorry friends
and family do plays with me so they
would come round just you know on a
Sunday afternoon my family would gather
round we don't have a Sunday roast but
while the Sunday roast is being cooked I
would take my cousin's off with me or
whoever oz was around my house and I've
been out right we're doing a play
I'm the mum you're the dad you're the
brother and you're the cat and then we
would like plan this whole thing and we
perform it in front of all our family or
friends and I was actually having this
conversation the other day we're in the
school playground I was obsessed with
the film the one with us all it goes
mm-hmm my girl that's it I was obsessed
with the film my girl and I went to
school I must have been 10 or 11 and I
was like write to all my friends I was
like we're gonna perform the film so
they were like okay I think I was really
bossy when I was younger or either that
or my friends were really bored at
playtime so like all right we've got
nothing else to do I went to a very
small primary school so there really
wasn't that much else to do and I
watched the film multiple multiple times
wrote down the characters and everything
they said up until about the middle of
the film by which quickly uh paper and
gave everyone characters and recorded it
onto tape so we could play it back at
school and learn the words and then we
performed it in the playground just to
ourselves
most days if any of my friends are
watching this and remember this
I really sorry I made you do that
although to be fair now when I watch the
film back 15 years later I know a lot of
the words to the film I sit there and
I'm like speaking all the words so I'm
like how do I know this I'm like oh I
know why because I forced everyone to
learn it
that's why are you enjoying broadchurch
if you don't know what broadchurch is if
you live in a different country or
you're just like one broadchurch is a
drama series that we have here in the UK
on itv unless any of you want to watch
online and it is about a murder we're on
to the second series don't worry I'm not
going to give any spoilers and nobody
should give spoilers in the comments
either because that's really mean if you
haven't seen the first series go and
watch it it's absolutely incredible I
was obsessed with it last year as some
of you may know and actually was it - I
think of the year before and now we've
got the second series and it's so good
oh are you coming to Amsterdam soon by
the way your videos are amazing
hello Amsterdam actually is on my list
of places right at the top that I would
really like to visit
so hopefully this year around summer
time I get to go um I don't know when is
the best time to visit Amsterdam you let
me know and I also really want to visit
the Anne Frank museum or the Anne Frank
House because I'm Frankie's actually one
of my favorite books in case and if you
didn't know that it always has been
since I was old enough to read
I just love Anne Frank and everything
I'm Frank so that's probably something
you didn't know about me how you just I
feel like I haven't ever been to many
European countries so I mean I've never
been to Spain I've never been to Spain
who's never been to Spain okay well I
need to go exploring Europe way more
favorite song at the moment I have two
favorite songs at the moment the first
one is Taylor Swift wildest dreams I'm
obsessed with that song love it
love it love it I'm like obsessed with
her whole album but I really like that
one the second one is James Bay hold
back the river I really love that song
currently so that's my two things I
really like this one it's oh do you get
shipped the shippers when you pee just
asking you know what sometimes I
actually do why is that does anyone know
you sit down and you just go blah all
over your whole body we have a piece TMI
do you watch Pretty Little Liars I get
asked this question a lot and a lot of
people tell me to watch it in fact Tanja
has been telling me to watch Pretty
Little Liars for like two years and I
have yet to do it so sorry time and the
other day Gaby was like please tell me
you've seen Pretty Little Liars and I
was like no she was like you would love
it and I was like I haven't seen it I've
never seen it apparently a lot of people
say you kind of have to get through the
first like three or four and then you
kind of get into it which I always say
to people about American Horror Story as
well so I feel ya know I've never seen
it I've never seen Pretty Little Liars
am I missing out big time do I need to
like cut out massive chunks out of my
schedule to sit and watch Pretty Little
Liars because I will because I like to
watch things what past experience or
memory always brings a smile to your
face no matter how down you are I like
this question I think one thing that
really makes it I just thought of it and
it made me go like funny inside is when
I used to start coming down to Brighton
to visit Alfie that sounds so smashing I
think I've ever been so submission so
much smooshy smushy ever and when I used
to drive like two and a half to three
hours three hours mostly sometimes for I
hope the traffic was bad to come and
visit Alfie and it was summer and we all
had so much time to just do whatever we
wanted and we've meet up with Louie and
Marcus and everyone would come to
Brighton and I don't know I just have
these really nice memories of Brighton
in the summer when I first met Alfie of
us doing so much I think it was a
mixture of like meeting Alfie and
discovering Brighton because I love it
here so much and it was like all my
first memories of Brighton so
maybe that no are you more like at daddy
surg or your mum and why oh this is a
hard one because I'm not too sure I
think personality-wise I'm a good
mixture of both although I think my
weird sense of humor definitely comes
from my dad and I think you could agree
with that as well okay so that's all the
questions for today let me know if you
want me to do these more often and I
shall do that for you hope you had an
awesome day and I'll see you again very
soon and if you haven't given it a
cheeky thumbs up yet
do it do it
bye
