okay hello everyone it's been a while
since I've done a haul I think but I
have been shopping obviously and I've
accumulated quite a variety of homework
clothing and beauty so I figured for
this week's video I would sit down and
share those with you possibly impart
some inspiration into your lives whether
that's for clothing or house things um I
don't know what I'm chatting on about
I'm just going to get on with the haul
I'm gonna start with beauty then I'm
going to go into home wear and then I'm
going to go into clothing so beauty wise
I went into boots which I haven't done
in such a long time I used to absolutely
love going into boots and kind of
casually perusing all the different
stands and these days I kind of have
less time to do that so when I go it's
to get a specific kind of list of things
that I need so I don't ever really get
the chance to have a look at other
things that might be available so I kind
of did a bit more of that and I really
enjoyed it
first thing I got was this which is
bourgeois and it is the Rouge Bette
Rouge Edition velvet I got one of these
a couple of months ago and it was in a
purple shade and I just wanted to get
kind of like a more Beijing nude pink
color just for everyday wear because
I've been really enjoying wearing that
shade on my lips recently so I picked
that up
because I love these and I really liked
the color I also went and picked up my
beloved Rimmel match perfection in the
shade 100 ivory I do have a huge
collection of this foundation it was one
of my favorites last year I actually
forgot to mention this in my 2014
favorites probably should have done that
but I just really really like this
foundation I think it's one of my
favorite drugstore foundations and all
the shades I have at the moment in my
collection do not suit my skin tone so I
went and picked up a lighter shade and
that's it I see a lot of other youtubers
and bloggers recommending this eyeshadow
quad and I have yet
to even like try it or look at it so and
actually a lot of the time it's out of
stock so I went up to the soap & Glory
counter and I picked up lid stuff I feel
like there are a lot of amazing eye
shadow palettes and quads and duo's in
the kind of higher makeup ranges but I
feel like um in the kind of drugstore
realm there's not that many so I was
kind of having a little look around and
this one did actually look amazing
it looks very similar to a Mac quad that
I actually have with kind of all my
favorite shades in so it has a matte
beige II white shade it has a matte
pinky shade a glittery taupe and a matte
kind of taupey brown I just feel like if
you're starting out with makeup or you
kind of we're a lot more neutral subtle
looks like I mostly do you would really
get on well with this palette look at
this on the back it says we choose not
to include a cheap spongy shadow brush
because not only would it drive the
drive the price of this palette up we
thought you'd rather opt for a proper
one that's funny at least they're honest
the next thing isn't actually a makeup
item but it is something I've been
meaning to get for a really long time
and it's a tangle teaser for your
handbag um as I have extremely long hair
if I'm out and about especially at the
moment because I'm wearing scarves quite
a lot my hair gets into this disgusting
like matted mess which actually makes me
want to cut my hair even more because it
drives me crazy so having one of these
in my handbag I felt would probably be
kind of essential so I grabbed one I've
got the gold one they had a silver I
think had a metallic purple too I was
toying with with both of them but opted
for this one so basically what makes it
ideal for your handbag is the fact that
it has this on the other side which
means that when you pull it out you've
got the hairbrush here with all the
bristles and then you can pop it back in
and the bristles don't get dirty and
you're not going to have like bits of
stray hair in the bottom of your handbag
and as long as you kind of keep it
relatively clean but tangle teasers are
amazing if you get knots or if you just
like to brush your hair and just have
super sleek hair all the time and yeah I
feel like it's taking me a real long
time to get one of these I feel like
everyone and their mother and their cat
and their dog has one of these so oh you
can see yourself in it kind of you look
very warped but yeah I got time for
teasing for my own back I also took a
trip into Mac originally to buy a kind
of pinky nude shade lipstick in the
colour faux I think and they didn't have
one and also because the other day I
stayed with Louise and she had squirted
too much foundation on her hand I don't
know if anyone else does this if they're
with their friend but if you sometimes
squirt too much you're like ah and I
hadn't done my foundation yet and she
said do you want to use the rest of this
because you're the same shade as me and
it was Mac Studio sculpt which is
something that I used to swear by in
maybe 2011 2012 I got remember and we
both fell in love with that foundation
and we used it all the time and I
applied it and I was like oh my goodness
I forgot how much I loved this so I
picked one up we are the shade nw20 I
just really like this foundation because
I mean it is quite thick it's definitely
not a matte foundation if you have oily
skin this might not be the foundation
for you but in the winter months the
colder months I love this because it
feels so moisturizing and it makes your
skin look really kind of glowing and
really moisturized and just yeah I love
it
jewy jewy is the word I was looking for
it looks really kind of glowing and jewy
and I find this really easy to blend and
a very good coverage to so pop that one
back in my makeup collection
thanks to Louise and her over pumping of
foundation I also popped into space
link' now obviously Space NK there are a
lot more higher end brands
and one of those brands that I don't
ever really look into is hourglass yet I
have seen so many raving reviews about
the primer veil so here it is I decided
to buy it and try it this year I've
decided I'm going to try more so um that
means primers there are so many people
that swear by primers and their makeup
lasts so much longer goes less patchy
everything so much easier to apply and I
have just too lazy for primers like I
guess when I'm getting ready I'm using
my serum using my moisturizer and I just
go straight on with my foundation I'm
one of these people that's like
sometimes I'll really enjoy doing my
makeup and I'll take my time doing my
makeup and other days most days I'm
doing in a rush because I need to be
somewhere I need to be doing something
so I kind of just get things done as
quick as possible but I really want to
try this because I have heard amazing
things so it's our glass and it's veil
and it's a mineral primer oil free with
SPF 15 I'm going to give it a go and see
what all the fuss is about and if it's
amazing I'm sure it will feature in a
favorites at some point the next lot of
things are house things now I moved
house in was it October or November I
can't remember and it's kind of a work
in progress you're never going to move
into somewhere and it be completely done
straight away I kind of just thought
that I would move in and everything
would miraculously go into place and it
would be a home straight away I was
wrong it takes a long time to build up a
space in order for it to feel like a
home and there's definitely a lack of
pictures photos lampshades mirrors just
general little bits and pieces that make
it feel really homely and actually it's
something that kind of got me down a
little bit because I was like it doesn't
feel like home and my last flat very
quickly felt like a home because there
was less space to fill and so one of my
missions although slowly but surely is
to make this place feel a lot more
home so I am still going out and buying
lots of little bits and pieces and also
spending hours and hours on Pinterest
looking at all the different kind of
interiors and designs of rooms and stuff
which actually I have become a little
bit obsessed with from heels is a bin
it's a copper wire bin it's actually a
laundry bin but what myself and Alfie
actually want to use this to put rubbish
in so we're just going to put a plastic
bag in this and because let's be honest
this is really tiny you could just put
one jumper in that and it would be full
so we're going to use this as like a
waste a waste paper bin basically but as
you will see from the rest of my items
I'm I've become a bit obsessed with
copper so um a bin for my bedroom yeah I
also wanted to get some plants for the
house we've got a few Alfie has a bonsai
tree which I am basically keeping alive
because he let it die because he's
useless at keeping plants live and we
have a succulent too and I wanted to get
some more succulents because they are
really low maintenance houseplants and
you very rarely need to water them and I
just think they look really pretty and
not pretty pretty is not really the word
but I just feel like they add a bit more
life to things you know plants are
living and what is this one for living
it's like good science lesson it's just
nice to have some living things
everywhere and bring a bit of greenery
and life to the house so I decided to go
and buy some more succulents these are
two of my favorites got this one and I
also put them in little white pots I
don't know where I'm gonna put these yet
I think I want to put them in my bedroom
and we need to get some shelves for the
wall and then I think I'll put them on
the shelves or something but I really
really like these they come in all
different shapes and sizes you can get
teeny tiny teeny ones I actually really
want to make a terrarium um which is
well you can google it but I just think
they look really really cool and put a
few of these in there so I've got these
two and I also brought up a teeny tiny
one to show you because he's so cute
look okay so Oliver bonus
have a lot of copper things in at the
moment I don't know where this obsession
with coppers come from I'm thinking
Pinterest and I bought these two little
nibble bowls so it's kind of like almost
like someone's dipped them in copper and
I think the other side is bamboo I just
think it's really nice if you've got
guests coming round and you want to put
some snacks out you can put them in
these little bowls obviously they're not
great for like cereal because I don't
know if you'd want to put milk in these
but yeah I really really like these also
from all of a bonus I picked up six of
these drinking glasses or tumblers as
some people call them I really like
these they've got copper on them just
kind of like all again as if they've
been dipped in but this looks kind of
like a fish scale effect and I really
really like it it's kind of like
battered and I don't know just I love it
I love them I think they're really
lovely sure another thing I want to do
in the house is to have a wall of
posters and sayings and voters of my
friends and just cute things kind of all
together I've seen a lot of this
everywhere so you could have like one
massive poster and then a smaller frame
and then a slightly bigger frame and
kind of all jumbled and mixed up and so
I went into Paper Chase actually and
they had lots of nice frame so they had
this copper one again with like a fish
kind of scale theme going on which I
really really liked I got this one
which is white and it looks like it's
kind of like a rope roped edging and
this one which is like a slate gray
slash black and that one is slightly
bigger and then to fill them I'm
obviously going to use photos of like me
and my friends and things like that
maybe like holidays and stuff but they
also have a section called postcards
where they have some really lovely like
postcards and so I picked some of those
up I got this one which is of a really
cute little girl holding a little dog I
might just the way it was very cute this
one which says ain't going nowhere I
really like typography I think it's
really cool especially when they're like
awesome saying
or like motivational sayings it's always
good for a desk area I think so ain't
going nowhere and then logic will get
you from A to B imagination will take
you everywhere I really like that saying
a lot yeah so I'm going to pop some of
these in frames and scatter them around
and just turn the house into a home a
bit more clothing wise I actually went
into Topshop yesterday so I have some
things from Topshop I want to show you
the first thing I picked up was this top
it's kind of loose round neck and it has
a really cute kind of like free bottom
freely bottom so I got that one in black
and I also picked one up in white
because I just find tops like this so
easy to throw them with jeans with a
bikini underneath obviously if I'm going
on holiday not in this weather um or a
little strappy top and yeah I just I
really like those they feel really like
floaty which is the kind of material
that I quite like I also picked up these
jeans these are the Joni super
high-waisted skinny jeans I really like
super high-waisted right now because
there are a lot of crop tops around I'm
actually wearing one right now so it
kind of ends here and because it's still
really cold I want to keep as covered as
possible so even if it just means the
teeny little line of flesh really hate
that word' skin showing then that's
great because then I'm less cold so I
got these they've got little cutout bits
in the knees so your knees might get
chilly but they're really super nice and
stretchy I really like Topshop jeans
Topshop jeans restored my faith in jeans
because I never used to like wearing
them before and now I actually think I
love wearing jeans so there you go
Topshop you made me love jeans I also
picked up this cardigan which was now 35
pounds it's in this gorgeous maroon kind
of burgundy color and its really kind of
long drapey and slouchy with pockets I
actually have one of these in a gray
color which is why I knew I would love
it when I saw it and I wear it with a
lot of things and it's so soft and cozy
I also picked up this really long
slouchy kind of jump her t-shirt it's
not really thick but it's thick enough
that it would keep you warm long sleeves
and it's just super long I feel like
this would be really nice to wear with
leggings and boots because it's kind of
like a t-shirt dress the lot of stripes
on the screen right now I've also been
loving roll necks at the moment because
they're so cozy I've never really loved
a roll neck before and I bought one from
ASOS recently I lived in it so I kind of
went a bit overboard and got some more
this one is from Topshop roll neck it's
a really nice kind of navy with a black
and white threads running through it so
it looks kind of textured nice big
slouchy jumper with some tight sleeves
at the end I just really like it they
have a lot of really nice things in
Topshop right now guys it was so hot
like this is already enough but it was
so hard to restrain myself from
literally putting everything in the do
Topshop new baskets I don't think they
do in my hand and the last thing I
picked up was this jumper I really like
this cocky green color what I'm gonna
like papercut my face a real at is khaki
green color and it's a nice big slouchy
jumper which I have been living in
unlocked recently so I kind of felt like
it was a no-brainer
and yeah that's of everything I wanted
to share with you in this haul video I
really hope that you have enjoyed it and
then it's given you a little bit of
inspiration in some way whether that's
given you the courage to wear a roll
neck or made you want to go out and buy
some plants I hope you enjoyed it give
it a thumbs up if you did and I will see
you very very soon for another video
no no no don't wave the trap a bit when
I am with you there's no place I'd
rather be
eat eat you Oh
