NOLA safe enough Oh hugs okay hug hug
I'm gonna plug hug give me a hug hug oh
hi everyone today I am going to be doing
my 2014 favorites I'm just gonna stick
to makeup and beauty and skincare in
this video because otherwise I feel like
we would be here for the rest of the
year so I realized I'm probably the last
person to do this but it's okay because
I'm still doing it I sounded really well
sure then I found it quite hard to
narrow down all my staple favorites of
2014 there were a lot of things that I
loved but maybe not loved enough for it
to be in this video but hopefully you
enjoy it and yeah I'm gonna get started
I'm gonna start with skincare because I
just feel like that's the first thing we
do before makeup so as you all know I
have been loving the Emma Hardy Moringa
cleansing balm I just love this stuff so
much and I'm pretty sure I was using
this towards the end of 2013 but maybe
even longer I don't remember I basically
just love this stuff and my skin loves
this stuff too and I find it really easy
you basically apply it to your face when
it's dry all your makeup kind of rubs
off and then you use wet flannel when
you go over your entire face perfectly
bads cleansing for skin that craves
clean that's actually a really good way
to describe it like when I use this on
my skin my skin just feels so clean and
that's what you want your skin to feel
like when you're taking your makeup off
there's nothing worse and it's still
feeling a little bit grubby so umm 100%
this is amazing and I'm sure I'll be
loving it way into 2015 and beyond the
next thing I've been loving I mentioned
in my last favorites which i think was
my October favorites
I don't remnant and it is the Sunday
Riley good jeans treatment so I use this
morning and evening before moisturizing
my face yes it is pricey and I mentioned
that in my October favorites but I have
been probably using this since June or
July and I absolutely love it
I've been raving about this to everybody
I first found it on Phil unique as I was
reading through all the reviews and then
my friend Caroline hyerin's who has an
amazing skincare blog which I will leave
below if you're having any issues with
your skin her blog will have the answer
to it basically she raved about this
also so then I kind of knew it was good
and yeah since then I've just been using
this constantly and I really notice the
difference that it makes in my skin if I
don't use this if I've had a few days
off or I've left it somewhere um my skin
just doesn't look as healthy or glowing
and when I use this I can totally notice
the difference so and loving that I have
also really been loving the Kiehl's
creamy eye treatment with avocado I
think I started off the year wanting an
eye cream and not really knowing where
to get a good one from and this is so
rich and thick and also really easily
absorbed into the skin because sometimes
when you hear those words together and
you have to put it under your eyes is
kind of a bit scary um so this actually
sinks into the skin really quickly and I
just found that my concealer went on a
lot nicer and my eyes have just not been
so dry last year I had an allergic
reaction around my eyes I don't know if
any of you remember me talking about it
but it took a good six months for my
eyes to get back to normal after that
and I do think that since I've been
using this nothing like that has ever
happened my eyes haven't been dry in the
slightest it's been amazing I feel like
this isn't any different to last year
but concealer and foundation wise it's
the collection lasting perfection
concealer and the Rimmel wake me up
concealer I love both of these so much
so easy to find so affordable and I just
I live for these two things sometimes I
use them together this one's slightly
thicker this one is a little bit more
brightening so this one under the eyes
is in
scene and this one on blemishes is also
very good yeah nothing new there I speak
about these products all the time and
there is a reason for it they're amazing
I'm pretty sure this isn't new to my
2014 favorites either I love this every
year since I first used it and it's the
NARS sheer glow foundation I actually
need to go out and buy a lighter one of
these because the last time I bought
this I think I'd come back a holiday or
it was summer or something so I can't
actually currently use this but I love
this foundation so much I know there are
some people that don't love it so much
and there are some people that
absolutely swear by it I'm one of the
people that swear by it purely because I
love the the way it feels on my skin I
love how easy it is to blend like you
you don't find yourself having to try
and buff in any brush marks at all and I
love the coverage of it too this just
works with my skin I don't know what can
I say I just I love it and I probably
have used this the most in 2014 that I
have ever used it eyes wise I've been
really loving urban decay and Too Faced
funnily enough the palette that I've
probably used the most this year is the
original Naked palette by urban decay
this has been out for so long and for a
really long time I didn't give in to the
kind of naked hype and sounds a bit
wrong it's like I've been for looking
about naked now all of a sudden and I
just thought to myself you know what
I've got so many nude eyeshadows I don't
need them and then I think this year
maybe last year I can't remember but
this year I have most certainly used
these a hell of a lot more one two and
three I love them all but this one is
actually my favorite the original one
the next one is two-faced palette the
natural eyes I used this a lot in 2014
and it wasn't two-faced isn't actually a
brand that I have ever kind of looked
twice at in Boots or wherever else you
might find it I think they sell it in
Boots some boots I think they sell it um
but this year I've just loved so many
things from Too Faced really we like it
this palette in
ticular was definitely used a lot some
really lovely eyeshadow colors in here
and you can't really go wrong and I have
really cute name sticking with mascaras
I just want to throw in to that I have
been really loving in 2014 first one is
another two-faced mascara I have the
full size and the mini size this is
dried up but I kept it for this video
just to show you that they didn't all
look tiny and it is the Too Faced better
than sex mascara I don't wear anything
else I've got it on today it makes my
eyelashes look so long so curly so
voluminous and or volumous and I just
love it a lot a lot a lot I think it's
an amazing mascara before I found that I
was using the Charlotte Tilbury full fat
lashes 5 star mascara this is also
amazing it does all the things I just
mentioned about the other mascara it's
just slightly more pricey I think but
both amazing mascara 's both with brush
applicators because I'm not a huge fan
of the plasticky ones bristle
applicators they will have brushes I
love them mascaras another brand I've
been loving this year especially for
their brushes is zoeva I love these
brushes so much I just don't even reach
my Mac brushes anymore
they're amazing plus they have rose gold
on them so who doesn't love rose gold
all my brushes I just really like them I
like how there is literally a brush for
everything I love how they come in
little kits with little bags and I just
love how pretty they look on my
dressing-table I'm gonna be honest they
just look very pretty
but more importantly they do the job and
they do it really well their brushes
have been my go-to brush of 2014 so
loving those moving on to lips I have
been loving Tanya burr lip gloss I'm not
just saying this because she is my
friend I genuinely love everything about
these I love the taste
I love the formulation I love how they
sit on
the lips I love how long wearing they
are I just don't know anything that
compares with these now and if I need a
lip gloss I will 100% grab a Tanya burr
one mostly the cheek color which is a
really pretty pinky nude and more
recently I found Nemo which is a
beautiful slightly shimmery coral color
I just I love them well done tan
literally I'm very proud of her and her
lip glosses be popping lip stick wise I
couldn't find my Rimmel 107 but you
might know that I just use that all the
time if I need a red if I need a dark
red so that still is a favorite of 2014
alongside that I also picked up my
Russian red by MAC lipstick a lot it's
slightly more red rather than like a
deep red but I just used this look at it
it's gone it looks like a stub now it's
flat - what does that say about the way
I apply my lipstick
I'm sure there's like some kind of
analogy behind it I don't know and in
terms of berry lips you guys know how
much I love my berry lip twas the end of
the year um Glastonbury was definitely
one that I reached for a lot by
Charlotte Tilbury I love the consistency
of these I love how long wearing they
are they're really really beautiful and
they're very easy to apply and the
packaging is a dream to look at so I was
loving that and another which isn't
necessary a 2014 favorite because I have
had this a while and I think this was in
2013 - I don't know um is a YSL rouge
pur Couture and this is also a very
similar dark berry color and it's in the
number 54 I just
a lot a lot we're nearly done bath wise
alongside lush which I love anyway
regardless of what year nothing really
changes in lush so things that I've been
loving since 2012
I still love today but this year was
different I brought out my own product
range I wanted it to be around pampering
yourself and having that kind of me time
that downtime that you have when you're
at a bath in the evening and you get
your candle out you get your slight
favorite scent out you have a bath bomb
you have bubbles you have a really nice
body lotion and that is kind of what I
was going for and this this are this are
some other products these are some of
the products that I have wah
without Tooting my own horn I just love
them obviously so my favorite things
from it are probably the mist and the
fizz bars I've gone through so many of
these you would not believe
plus I'm really proud of it you know
sticking with scents the Sun that I
would probably describe as my 2014 scent
is ghost I think this is Eclipse ghost
Eclipse I'm going to call it that I
think that's what it doesn't actually
have the name on the bottle just as
ghosts there are many reasons why I love
this scent and why I think that this is
my 2014 7 the main reason is because I
went on to summer holidays both to
Greece actually one with Alfie's family
to Rhodes and the other with my friends
Tonia Jim Marcus Naomi and Alfie and we
went to Santorini and I decided that
2014 was the year I realized I am
absolutely head over heels in love with
Greece I just never want to go on any
sunny holiday that isn't Greece I just
love it so much and this is the scent I
wore on both those holidays so now when
I smell this I'm just like oh it's 2014
in a bottle it's my summer holidays I
love it so much so don't eat it so this
is my 2014 scent I really like it I'm
gonna be taking on holiday with me
wherever I go this year I've inhaled the
perfume I don't have many hair favorites
because I pretty much just loved every
shampoo and conditioner that I use on my
hair otherwise I wouldn't use it for
anything you've ever seen me talk about
or mention oh this is just leaked all
over me because I just check out my
shower I love but more recently which I
haven't actually mentioned anywhere else
I was going to do a December favorites
and then I didn't and it is bedhead TIGI
color goddess shampoo and conditioner I
used it for the first time and I
instantly fell in love the minute I put
it in my hair because ladies and
gentlemen
it smells like toffee and fudge and
caramel all rolled into one
it smells incredible if I didn't know
that this was a shampoo and someone
blindfolded me and put this on a spoon
I'd eat it is that a bit I mean yeah it
smells like good I just love it because
it makes my hair look amazing and it
smells amazing last thing I'm gonna
mention is I did kind of want to throw a
candle in here although I said this is
my makeup beauty favorites I did want to
throw a candle in there because I'm
candle obsessed and it would be weird
for me to do 2014 favorites without
adding a candle so my candle that has
won the award for the best candle of
2014 which was really hard to narrow
down I'm just gonna add is the Joe
Malone green tomato leaf candle this
thing is incredible oh my god I actually
had to blow it out to come and do this
video it just smells fresh and summery
and amazing it's not really a bedroom
smell it's more of like the rest of your
house smell so like your kitchen your
dining room your living room anywhere
else in your house that you want to
smell fresh and amazing the amount of
people that came into my flat this year
and were like what is that smell that
you're burning it literally smells
amazing and it was always this always in
fact you can even smell this if you've
not got it lit and I feel like that's a
good sign of a good scent in a candle so
yeah that's my top candle okay so those
were my favorites of 2014 I think
throughout this video I kept saying this
year this year this year and I realize
it's actually last year it just feels
really weird to say that 2014 went so
quickly I felt like I'm blinked and it
had gone um but I'm very excited for
2015 and I hope you guys are too let me
know some of your favorite things
through 2014 in the comments below and
I'll be sure to go through it I really
hope you've enjoyed this video and oh I
know what was going to say I've reached
7 million subscribers what the actual
hell that's insane it to me literally
insane I hit 1 million I was like that
is insane I hit 2 million I was like
okay this is getting a bit silly now
hit 3 million I was like right okay you
guys kind of taking the piss 4 million 5
million 6 million I've now got 7 million
that's crazy
thank you all so much for hitting the
subscribe button
commenting on my videos for liking my
videos for tweeting me for just being
the most amazing viewers ever
I just can't really believe it I kind of
feel like it will stop now it can't go
on it can't go to 8 million
crazy make sure if I really think about
it it does freak me out I'm really sorry
if I've gone a bit weird towards in this
video I feel a fully-fledged migraine
coming on and the light behind my camera
is definitely not helping I'm just
rambling now I really want to know what
videos you guys would like to see from
me in 2015 so if you have any
suggestions for those then do leave
those in the comments below also and I'm
just gonna leave you now to get on with
the rest of your Sunday evening or
Monday morning or whatever time zone
you're in when you watch this and I love
you very much and I'll see you very soon
and welcome to January
it changed I forgot now this filming
thing works and I've gotten at Chichen
to infinity and beyond something just
clicked in my neck
what the hell all the way down here but
then just click ok they're alive so it
kind of been that bad
ah this is the length of my hair guys I
want to cut my hair to like this leg or
do it like that it's weird just length
what do you think I kind of want to cut
it I really like it
- scared dude good maybe that's
something I'll do in 2015 actually have
the balls to do something with my hair
submit some B Holaday if you tattooed on
my forehead
I can't talk
