you'll have to tell me if I've got um
lipstick on my teeth you have a my or
only age have you done that usually we
do infertile miles okay so does that
mean I'm giving you gifts or you're
giving you gear okay I'm good I'm fine
with that you're ready yeah I can snatch
now what do you mind no yours yours yeah
yours yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
hello everybody today I am here with my
friend Louise and as we did last year
all of you have been requesting for us
to do this again I've had a lot of asks
about this so we are going to do our
gift-giving once again and Louise has
come to my house for our annual
Christmas house day mm-hmm three is in a
row now yeah yeah she'll be back next
year
oh well oh well making it she will
wanting a sleeper help of Domino's Pizza
on your lap Oh God like it hard to talk
to small yeah I'm gonna give you my
present when every other puppy
no okay oh she will actually just sit
like that for the entire time so I saw
sniffling white bark white it's nasty
box I'm gonna put it here quite the
snazzy Bob there's a few thing lovely
wrapping you've gone for here which one
should I go for first
take your pick it really doesn't matter
we're just good with those mm-hmm
okay this one okay Sylvania family wife
only I did I do love Sylvanian oh oh
I've got something
oh did you know what that makes you
really happy because I sometimes for me
sorry but still being your family should
know about something I do okay in a
little box paper clips nope all month
suspense is very nice right table talk
spill the beans Oh when was the lat also
something too tall like little I like
things like this okay yeah they like a
little black thing little chitchat
topics like this when was the last time
you did something spontaneous oh when I
went to Marks and Spencers
p.m. last night you were awake Tempe
what lovely thank you so much Nexus okay
I've forgotten what this in I'll be on
it okay
I bought it a really long time coming in
that this it's okay
it's for my cute little shop yeah a tale
to tell okay well dogs are very excited
random notes of appreciation chummy you
know I love things like this time I got
I know I love stupid things like this I
love them include I'm eight mini note
cards to make someone smile know how I
do love thieves awesome Oh God
oh my god it's our website lease like an
autumn or I have other ones stop have a
happy day
keep smiling it suits you you are the
cuties Jim Joe that's such a huge thing
door you've made my day oh you are my
girl you're my cup of tea
chin up buttercups my favorite
everything is peachy and then little
envelope missed one oh you make
everything tickety-boo that makes people
respond I don't get all of those I'll be
really sad and part of someone gave you
a deep not someone did give me oh yeah
just giving you eight of them I'm
already happy your presence by the way a
crap competitive silly
I don't remember what that is I don't
know be Bendigo oh okay okay good cat I
know how much you love your stationery
oh do I ever
and you're kitc things and cats and
that's all three rolled it's everything
I want I might even put my makeup
brushes in here yeah that's a good idea
I might it's a lot to me alright so look
what does this all got a little a rustic
boat a worsening what I did I do it to
all of them no it was but time enough
this is quite a random I try to get it
you cry is it one of those bulbs I
really liked in the shot yeah oh I love
these I don't know how I'll attach it to
anything Mac we make this work in our
house hold one episode there might be
some spots for a bulb in your house just
a few it's the one where you conceal the
filament
right um this one's really cool and if
you can see
zigzag yeah a Bulbul lovely lovely bit
of ribbon itch there chummy ribbon our
ribbon our ganache ribbon osh grooving
our what office books I thought
stainless love you line it with it she
has shiny ball bulletin ribbon in a
wicker basket just think wicker weevils
in a wicker bus all right
splashing what's your favorite summer
splash hmm
I love shut up it is from when I was in
the shop and I love this and this is a
specific designer that does this time I
am arena has no yeah just saw it and
thought you would like it I said I do an
IV in you're right I shall put this on
my desk I do I know that you like
planning thing oh I do do I ever
good job so very hungover caterpillar Oh
what are you saying this is what I try
to say what does it like I obviously am
never hung over no never
mmm I thought because of the Very Hungry
Caterpillar was a favorite among
children I would give you a version but
it's still really cute
sometimes at dues dues
I have lots of wine too many there's
always someone that does that and it's
usually me you can read this to the well
in this days hmm
probably won't meet this our we do the
first Harry we'd it's math in the gloom
of the room a fully dressed man lies on
the sofa it's not what's next chummy bum
it was this one of those stolen cakes no
good regular 200 hard to run I cannot I
just gave up and oh did you yes no no
that's nothing I ever did it
flying duck oh it's a little craft kit
how cute yeah I like the box
I know it's like a little Chinese
takeaway yeah that's why I thought
crafts of flying just a craft clip I
don't know when you'll ever make time to
do those by tomorrow be quite a nice
acting now with you and Darcy I do it
now sorry left all this one's got lovely
bow on it glittery so you know what yeah
O'Dowd but little boy your hand take
that can't remember oh I know what I
don't swing that one chocolate truffle
or not so a candle Electric chocolate
ong go leave that in someone will know
what film that's wrong macaroons and
they've no soap macaroons are they no no
that chocolate you know how I feel about
things that aren't what they are what do
you like it looks like a thing but
that's not what it is like it looks like
a macaroon but it's not yeah it like I
like them they sort of bothers me like
just pretend they're soaps like why
think they look cute yeah I feel like
they're trying to trick me someone's for
that one sighs I don't know it didn't
let up on them so I did like it
appreciate it this is my Shero taste
nice you shut your eyes you never know
it's more rustic wrapping mm-hmm this is
a book it is I know it is now counting
how to make York an internet celebrity
already done it I love him so much I got
to financial freedom what I'm going to
use this in the new year I'm going to
utilize those cats spend so much money
on them in cap biscuits and cat treats
thank you now I may try and think what
this is oh yeah I know what is this oh
is it special lovely bit of lace Oh
Oh in a box is it a little photo frame
Chumlee you should you know where I
thought that wasn't cute if my hallway
yeah I went for the same colors I like a
lot and the buttons
yeah rustic you better needs buttons and
the Springfield lifter that's what my my
blog used to be called oh thanks chilly
I got you this is our bike oh oh is it
hot chocolate in a thing oh it's cookies
in there keys cookies in the thing so
you know how you don't really like to
bake can't go wrong with that can i no
you just literally throw all of that
into a bowl oh thank you over I gotta
smell this whole village thought yo next
kids all right we can make those now if
you like oh yes maybe we could happen
without film I want to see what my
favorite thing is can ya do it
can you guess what it is are you be
guessing at home yeah the appreciation
cards any appreciation cards yeah oh god
I like them yeah oh I just I just
elbowed the dog bed boom
thinking she'll be alright be alright I
do tell me they're more such thoughtful
little giftie oh if I was a touchy verse
my touchy sometimes you are so only when
I'm going toward yeah oh god I'm
squeezing the top of love Oh show me
that's so cute for case box as well very
switch yeah thank you very much you are
welcome I love you lot I love you too
actually da
I do love actually is my presents to
Louise don't forget we are going to be
filming Louise's presents to me over on
Louise's channel so make sure to click
her face now or there'll be a link in
the description box and you can go on
over and see that we hope you've had a
very very Merry Christmas
yeah Happy New Year
