do look at the code Christmas man
I found Christmas no so it's got to that
time of year again almost Christmas
not long now I still ain't done with
presents yeah applause man
that is true what's this gonna be the
fourth video into overall Christmas
videos okay can't be swimming on York's
new one yeah my first one I had a Santa
hat on it flipped nice it fit me in the
face in there yeah second one we
decorated the tree and I have that bow
in my hair
yeah third one Suggs Christmas past oh
this is our fourth year whoa so this is
the fourth year of me and Zoey doing
Christmasy videos on YouTube once a year
so we thought let's do a Christmas in
Q&A yeah hooray yeah
hey they see they say Bells jingling
ding ding ended up in a ping dong Ling
as you know he's dead another lyrics so
we took to Twitter to get your questions
on all the Christmasy things you wanted
us to answer in this video using the
hashtag sub Christmas subscript stop
burping it's really sick he's such a
bourbon excited okay okay Kathy who who
gets the most in their stocking oh
that's an interesting one we don't we do
well we don't have stockings anymore yes
we do do it mom's got stuck in again
yeah mom or to do this we're old now
no always do that I think the always are
the same amount didn't we but I always
make sure that I took longer opening the
nudists and make that I've had more yeah
chairs one of these people that's Reece
low and he'll leave the ones that he
thinks are the best ones to Allah yeah
whereas I'm like open all the good ones
first excited it's good stop yeah I
don't know I think my mom always made
sure that it was fair mum what what do
you think mum leave a comment down below
and let us know if you have
no ma'am we're try and find the covet
have you seen mom's comment give it the
hug let's try to get my mom's coming
shut up all of you go look for mom's
comment right who raps the best your wit
name is oh well ah she's like Cinderella
didn't look like Cinderella but she's
got salmonella she's got seven Ella
oh why she looks ill don't talk about
Phil they are not relevant
he's just an elephant oh good job wacky
yogurt
dude you mean he'll ever know rats
ha ha I am the absolute worst at
wrapping presents yeah joe here
somewhere I tried to get though to teach
me how to wrap presents once and when
you did actually show you once you
showed me how to do it but just couldn't
do it it's not really that hard I'm sure
as a tutorial on YouTube you can follow
so Ashley I look this is not right now
did you really want the fit and watch of
the collab when you were kids who would
wake up first on Christmas morning me I
think it was mostly you yeah you always
way more excited yeah like wait look
sorry honey it's really mental excited
it gets me excited for Christmas sorry
Zach oh it stings I can taste that what
does it taste of burger ha ha she's
right mate hey mange I used to practice
Christmas so we would rehearse with like
a few weeks before we wrap up things we
already owned in two O's codes and put
them into pillowcases we've like right
this Christmas you come into my room or
vice versa but mum and dad would always
give us a like a minimum time that we
were allowed in which we normally 6 a.m.
- easy 5 AC Phi is high then it changed
to 6 yeah um and even sometimes you come
in to me and I black Joe it's it's like
four can you rephrase up it fit in you
in do pingu afraid we just sometimes Joe
would come into my room
huh way too early and I have to be like
right Joe go back to bed yeah like I
know you're excited but but now now you
just capable yeah you definitely get
before I would cuz yeah I love sleep now
oh I just realize how much I love sleep
yeah in fact I would quite like to be
asleep right now
leap is better than Christmas and some
in some cases just I'm gonna put out
that well I like that and you pay the
way I look just around the Riverbend Oh
welcome Shire up what's the best
Christmas cracker joke you know ah which
cool man with notion I know this man
Tony yeah Tony neato
mine is what you call father Christmas's
spies now is crap it's fine I was it was
it rush a trauma why did mrs. Claus have
smelly hands I don't know because she
needed a poo gift why would mrs. Claus
need a poo that I could be anyone did
you just add mrs. Claus and stuff no
more joke oh yes we'll see a baker what
is the best Christmas movie in your
opinion Muppets Christmas Carol hands
down boom next question
I like elf but this year really been
liking author Christmas I've I've
haven't seen our way through yet I saw
it last year given Tania's but okay
given Tanya's gets me really excited
when I talk about them oh oh my good job
I can taste your freaking dinner this
the smelliest videos is a tin can
challenge on Alpha Channel okay right
now in your face oh yeah you had great
store the world sure you know and after
Christmas replace great store in the
world
ah all over my face that's what you get
is Christmas time every time you said
replace it it's kyra replace replace
replace replace replace okay if you have
young children in the room cover there
is now a check
now I'm warning you I've given you the
warning skip ahead if you do not want us
today when it did your parents tell you
that Santa isn't real
oh the same joke that every other
youtuber does in a Christmas video I
don't remember a time I don't think our
parents told us they did it no I'm
immersed I remember it was at school it
was just murder
Jerry I think my friend Louie Jordan had
told me he was Jordan my friend Jordan
told nothing our parents never told her
no but I feel like as we got older we
started to think realistically about
whether it was actually support and we
would I remember us having actual
conversations about it being like but
how would he do it I just don't know and
then I'd be like but I think he's called
Saint Nick like I think he actually is a
purse yeah yeah no but why does why does
father Christmas ask for beer when he
comes to our house but in every else's
house here's a milk yeah sure it's for
me my dad would ask first about our big
fish you drink that not not pint of milk
if you're gonna drink milk you don't mix
beer with it of all things
crikey at least Nesquik do you remember
that one year that mummys wallpaper yeah
it's a few just moved in off so that
more people will do what is your
favorite part of Christmas dinner gravy
all that gravy
you could you'll know it's all about
that gravy about that gravy no Brussels
no I like I like getting Yorkshire put
in but then pour the gradient so that
you should put it down then I get inside
gonna Burke coming hot pour the gravy
you always should be authorship leading
another no sprout gravy and you're put
in then let it leave it Network to the
end of the meal and it's also get the
ball whoo sound like Jamie Oliver is my
favorite bit is the Yorkshire pudding
yeah partly Yorkshire puddings aren't
traditional Christmas dinner what I know
someone told me that what's your guy's
opinion yeah that's what the favorite
part
okay whatever would you infer this why
am I covered in it what
there's a lot of what oh but I love it
came from you well I Spit that saying
what you think the other person's dream
Christmas present would be and see if
you get it right so I'm gonna think of
wine we're gonna say on the count of
three okay three two one baby okay a pug
crossbred with a guinea pig
uh I'm not sure that would be pleasant
really you have there yeah you say baby
guinea pigs I don't know I don't have it
like a dream you would have liked
oh nice holiday maybe away three two
what a ticket around the world is so
hard to say it at the same time as each
other realize let's go yeah yeah
 Baggins hey copy on your face
everything a ticket around the world
oh yes I shall rise well can you sing a
duet of the fairytale of New York how
does it start
is Christmas Eve a in the drug time I'm
gonna even all my care take up walls
because Jose got rivers of gold but the
wind blows right through you it's no
place for deal when you first kiss my
arse on the whole Christmas TV
he promised me Broadway was waiting for
me he's right you're right
clean up via City
for Christmas Day how do you say 11
little elves licked 11 licorice
lollipops 6 times really fun what was it
11 little elves licked 11 licorice
lollipops 11 little elves it's 11
licorice lollipops 11 little elves
little leopard if I laugh at 11 little
elves licked 11 licorice toy box 11 -
what else it's level across all of us
live in little else it's 11 little are
all we looked into each it's a licorice
off and let me little out of his 11
liquid sealer top 11 little out of the
leaven leavens robots never get around
at 11 licorice locals levels at hours of
living large cause let Irish little
Irish pop clicked 11 middle errors pops
sorry Island every little Elvis 11
little Oh would you ever want to spend
Christmas in hot country or maybe an
island in the Caribbean that's where I'm
from one hunt what you set it yeah it'll
you run it I feel you're on side there I
was like what the hell it's we're done
century I am 100% yes Pro going away to
a hot country for Christmas you're gonna
do it this year and you didn't I know
what have you ever actually kissed
anyone under the mistletoe
none so that is another Christmas
collaboration with my brother Joe Oh
over 2014 what year what year what a
year what honey I really hope you
enjoyed this video and it has got you
feeling festive don't forget to ask some
other questions we answered in the
comments below
and we also filmed a video over on Joe's
channel done what we did we did we uh
well I'm just going to show you my
channel I put Zoe buzzes Alfie deyes in
a Christmas quiz off but the loser got
zapped with this little fella the TENS
machine
there'll be a link to juice
our video in the description box so be
sure to click on that once you're done
watching this we really hope that you
guys have an awesome Christmas spend it
with people you love eat lots of food
and watch lots of amazing films any
other parting words on the Christmas
front uh it's all about that gravy about
that gravy no Brussels or Brussels bye
Merry Christmas
whoa snow is falling in to do all around
me do today children play is the season
nothing under study merry Christmas
everyone
