almost like now blooming gate
one thing we all love about Christmas is
the Christmas food mostly the Christmas
tree just eating my favorite thing is
eating eating in general but Christmas
time I reckon a lot more people who do
that a lot more now are in licking my
chin I want you to do very quick treats
and things that you can do if you're in
a hurry you've got friends coming around
for the evening and you don't really
have a lot in and say quick and it's
usually kind and they look good they
look festive and they test I have three
things that I want to share with you so
let's start with the melted snowman
biscuit
let's go the first thing that you are
going to need are some digestive
biscuits or if you wanted to be an
expert and you have way better making
your own biscuits you can do that and
I'm sure there are tons of amazing
recipes in order for you to do this in
fact it would be quite nice and
gingerbread since it's that time of year
big marshmallows the ones that you would
normally see people shoving in their
mouth so the chubby bunny challenge we
want those and lots and lots of I say
because we need to iceland and another
thing that you are gonna want is the
really cute tiny little squeezy icing
things what are they cause I says that's
squeezy Isis those in various colors
depends what color you want your snowman
to be I couldn't find any in the shop so
I'm just gonna use some colored gels and
I'm just gonna mix those up and pop them
in my little squeezy bottles I kind of
like milking a cow something came out
yeah okay okay
my job is to make the icing because
obviously you want to put icing all on
the biscuit so it looks like the snowman
is melted I don't know how to make icing
wait did you just what you just put
water in that though
I don't like I got the worst job this
ism I'm gonna add a bit more icing sugar
because our feet has made his quite
runny which is often I bet I think sugar
on them articles for me okay the icing
sugar is now a much better consistency
so I'm gonna separate them into two
balls and mix one with black and one
with red the black has been mixed in by
Zoey and I'm about to mix in Christmas
red as if that's even a color why don't
I start it who's heard of anything right
they're both mixed in now and we're
gonna have to somehow to count them in
tinea into these little tubes go
hold up high in the no go thinner yeah
oh my god that was good
Zoey did it really well fluke Lee I
don't know what to do
why would you do this oh come in and put
some blood on your face now we are at
the fun part which is only get to put
the icing on the biscuits
so grab your biscuit and you simply want
to put the icing sugar in a Wiggly kind
of melted snowman shape onto your
biscuit next thing we need to do is put
a little sad snowman face on the head of
the Snowman ie the marshmallow
now we are going to stick our sad little
snowman head into his sad little melted
body on the biscuit and then we are
going to use the rest of the gels and
colors just to make his body all kind of
melted in with the rest of it
it's my first sad snowman what's his
name
Sybil Sybil Sybil the Snowman your turn
our fee
I am literally gonna be the worst is oh
crap no you ready yeah ready Gertrude
you can obviously make as many as you
like we've made six this one I tried to
do a scarf on but it actually just looks
like he's been beheaded and he looks
very happy about it I'm gonna arrange
them on this which is a piece of slick
hot plate a piece of slate heart what's
that Alfie's melted snowman biscuits
super easy to make and I'm sure they
taste super quick just as delicious
it's time to try one guys is it good hmm
there's something about digestive
biscuits and icing just tons of ice next
we are going to be making some candy
cane chocolate lollipops a hot road the
heart-shaped these look super super
pretty and I'm really excited to show
you how to do so all you will need for
this is candy canes some scissors some
white chocolate or milk chocolate if you
prefer some light pop sticks some
festive sprinkles a baking sheet and a
bowl over a saucepan of boiling water in
order to melt your chocolate oh it's hot
right boiling water in a pan you want to
melt the chocolate first chop up the
chocolate
why are you chopping it why don't you
break it this already bit melted I don't
want my fingers so unless you're buying
baby candy canes
you might want to cut them down to size
because you don't want not only pops to
be too big unless you do in which case
to leave this bit but you just want to
make sure they are the same size and you
just want to use scissors to cut up you
do know right yeah it also means you can
eat the little leftover pieces Oh hmm
then once you have made sure they are
relatively the same size you want to put
them together like a heart shape and you
just want to stick a lollipop stick down
through the middle starting at the top
they're gonna stress this point because
you have to wait for the chocolate to
cool down put it in the freezer if you
need to we just pop this in there for
about five to seven minutes very precise
because you don't want it to kind of
ooze out so fingers crossed this is an
okay consistency
all right it's my turn guys don't know
how that's going to go
Christmas doot-doot-doot dude what
happened if you take too long to build
your lollies
it actually goes into hard chocolate
lonely number fix it and you just want
to pop those into goodbye
so just taken the lollies out of the
freezer and this is the finished results
look
it's time to try them out guys
my one looks the best by far yeah I
don't know how to bite this hmm my
personal favorite guys we are going to
make it a super Christmasy peppermint
hot chocolate with candy canes let's do
it
of course guys well some candy canes
we've got some arty looking little like
mugs to put the hot chocolate in we've
got some cream in here but we're about
to whip to make the whipped cream got
hot chocolate powder milk for the hot
chocolate don't use water use milk if
you've got it so much tastier we've got
don't even know what these are little
glitter edible flakes there's always
bought I'm definitely not going to be
the one doing oh my gosh that was so
close to my face you scared me
so then the people find really - whether
making hot chocolate is to make it all
mix in with the milk and it just stays
like lumpy powder on the top so I've got
a little tip for you check this if you
put a couple of teaspoons in there just
say to it like that and then only pour a
tiny bit in about that much and stir it
so it's completely dissolved before you
add the rest of the milk in that way you
can properly stir it and it doesn't go
everywhere then we'll carry on mix and
once we add the rest of the milk now you
want to heat up your hot chocolate I'm
gonna put it in the microwave for a
minute get it out and give it a stir and
then see how much longer it is
go out there okay
hot a nice big dollop of cream on top oh
yeah oh my good
how much do you want Oh cream cream
yourself instead of using like spray
cream just because it looks a lot more
like rustic okay now have you found
these amazing candy canes for Marks and
Spencers so I'm gonna pop those in oh my
god it looks amazing now to make them
look awesome on top I'm gonna crumble up
another candy cane and just as an excuse
to use my teeny tiny cheese gray I'm
gonna grate some chocolate on the top as
well
we're nearly there guys we've just got
the chocolate left and then the edible
glitter Zoey has been obsessed with her
tiny little great guy
I've never had any use for this until
this very moment
and everything last one guys this is my
favorite all of the quick mistake there
code I think we can drink through it
look at that we need a straw he goes ok
let's give this a try oh my god I love
that we use fresh cream man that's good
oh my god
should we just not enter the video
understand hey drink in there we now
have a very large mess that we need to
go and clear up I would love to see some
of you recreating some of these or in
fact showing me some of the quick and
easy Christmas treats that you have done
this year by using it the hashtag what
should we do zombies Christmas tweets oh
Christmas tree give this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and they must have
enjoyed that that must have been the
longest video as well we filmed so much
we may go with my 5 hours yeah a long
time thanks so much for watching guys
and enjoy
