good morning it is currently Saturday
here in sunny mykonos and it is 9 a.m. I
was just about to head out to breakfast
so I thought I would show you my very
first outfit of the holiday which is
throw something on and get to breakfast
quickly outfit we have this little play
suit by I think this is hmmm this was
literally like nothing at all and it's
so cute I love it and then I have some
fairy sliders on I got sent these to my
peer box and I don't actually know where
they're from so if they're in the
description then I found out and then
I've just got my pink pinky purple ray
bands on let's go outfit number two of
today I have a black bikini which is
literally just a plain halterneck black
bikini which i think is from ASOS and
then my top this is from Zara actually
it's quite thick I think it's like an
autumn kind of thing but I really like
it it's like a little throw on and it is
kind of like this muddy color with black
polka dots and then if I picture down
here you can see my whole outfit like
these and then I've just got these
little shorts on and these are from H&M
I think please for like five pounds so
that is my waiting for my Sun cream to
set in before I can go out in the Sun
outfit and then obviously I'm gonna wear
this outside I don't know what we're
doing I think we are just gonna chill by
the pool and potentially go down to the
beach
this is our little pool
okay we are going out for the evening so
I thought I would share with you my
first like evening outfit on my eyes I
have the Urban Decay heat palette on my
lips I have this which is the mimimi
matte liquid lipstick in the shade
then all my outfit I don't know how I'm
going to show you this all earrings are
these like little furry ones and these
are from Zara I've got my Maria Tosh
ones and then I have this top one which
is from Miss Selfridge it's really cute
it has like bell sleeves and it's polka
dot and then it has elastic around here
as well so it's like a it's kind of
cropped but you could also I guess pull
it down I've just kind of left it where
it naturally hangs
then I have these really cute little
shorts on and these are from H&M and you
can just tie them up like that they're
actually Navy but and they do say you
should never wear navy or black but
nevermind
and then for shoes I'm wearing these
little sandals from H&M with red bows
just because I wanted to give a pop of
color and then I have my little Gucci
bag as well so I will show you in the
mirror oh there you are I don't know you
are a thang so that is the outfit
overall just wanted to show you my PJs
because I think they're quite cute these
are from ASOS and it says send nudes and
it's little pair of shorts send nudes
like nudes but noodles
morning just about to head down to
breakfast I thought I would show you I
was wearing this little play suit
it's from in the style and it's just
really nice and light and then I've got
my bikini on underneath which is a sauce
and then I bought these yesterday in the
town there by a brand called illest ever
which is an Italian brand I actually
already have a few pairs of sunglasses
buy them I really like them because
they're small and they fit my head and
like a drum it's like doing drum I have
these little sliders these are from H&M
and that is all I have on no knickers no
pants I need a nice coffee and I will
show you my beach outfit down here
instead of in the room so firstly you
will notice I have this little bag this
is from joni clothing they sent this to
me you might have seen it in my PA box
video it's really cute as the perfect
size mum with film ends
Amanda wants short a picture I'm really
nervous I'm gonna step back oh yeah it
isn't slanted as well I'm gonna hold
this pole because there's a massive drop
behind me I've got this hat on which is
from a soft last year I think it serves
me very well so I like to wear it all
the time
same glasses I had on this morning and
then my dress is just this safe throw on
strophe dress from ASOS and I've got the
same hmm shoes but they're kind of
slipping off because it's
a little cold from Zara and I love it
these earrings are also from cyber can
you see them and then these are my
sunglasses by gentlemen's stuff oh and
then sandals are from H&M I really hate
when other people see you vlogging they
don't know what you're doing but yeah I
like this out fair lot we are about to
go out for the evening
and so I thought it would be nice to do
the outfit out here I'm gonna hand the
camera over to Alfie come on my official
cameraman for this week jumpsuit is this
really pretty very light fabric with
little flowers on them this is from Miss
Selfridge it's actually still very hot
it's about 5:00 p.m. and we thought it
would be nice to go into town early
because it gets quite cool in the
evenings not today it's very very hot so
nice and breezy got my Gucci bag and I
also have my hmm leather sandals and
what else
all my gentle monster sunglasses that I
had on what about this oh this is the
Daisy London bracelet with Ellie
Goulding for the environmental damage
campaign I'm les sweating already
an alpha has on this lovely stripy
t-shirt with a rose and some shorts and
what shoes did you go for in the end or
you think uh maybe shorts myself they
were jeans and the reason I'm showing
you his outfits because I just picked it
for him Tuesday is a very windy morning
here today actually which I quite like
I've got these
it is evening number four now it's gone
so quickly and this evenings makeup is
the naked heat palette a little bit of
Clarins eyeliner bit of bronzer and a
Coco Kardashian lip color the one I
picked my favorites video she okay I do
have the room key and then jewelry wise
I have these earrings these are from
ASOS these little ones and necklaces
this one is Miss Ouma
this one is Miss Ouma and this one is
and other stories but I will get Alfie
to do like a full shot so you can
properly see also forgot to mention
these other Maria Tosh ones at the back
that I've just basically had in for like
six months but I thought they were worth
mentioning and then these are the
glasses that I got the other day that a
less Dever I'm probably butchering that
but you know I mean Shawn I warrant some
fans Authentics yeah check them out
classic classic car key chinos cropped
love em standard 399 H&M t-shirt basic
I'm a Nixon watch and also I knew tense
I like them that cool yeah Alfie Urban
Outfitters deep yeah don't know where
these are fun summer in Brighton it was
like a glasses shop wasn't it is it
called Bratz brand new glasses but there
I just I know it said don't worry about
the lenses and then I got yes necklaces
Gucci
yeah shorts Oh Levi yeah
Gucci sliders and some rings mom made
and just random different places poppy
I've got a sus maxi skirt I love their
Topshop top quite old ray-bans oh I like
those that's so cute it's got like a bit
at the back slide how do you do that I
know it's a bit weird
oh I like it yeah they're cool let me
put one in now go kid what no that is
wrong that's a bit strange I like those
they're cool a stop shop whistles Oh
whistles I like whistles jewelry let me
see I forget you've got an earring up
that I just had to replace yeah now
right what shoes have you got pop tops
up Topshop sandals it's a very beautiful
day Mykonos today this the wind has
settled
lovely I like this like summer evening
Sun this is like my favorite time when
the Sun Goes Down we're wearing trousers
wrong below I know I know a chill in the
air the wind was like gone now though
hasn't that like there's not really any
wind although a tiny bear little little
breeze oh this ring is from and other
stories see that see that yeah I don't
have chipped nail polish anymore because
I'd be tall off and this jumpsuit is
this really nice like satiny light to
fabric and this is actually from
misguided and it has I could type it
around here and then like a floaty bit
and it's an off-the-shoulder and I got
my Gucci bag and then my hmm some doors
which are proving to be my favorites of
the holiday so far just because they're
so comfortable and they don't flip off
my feet like I don't have to think about
keeping them on you know sometimes when
you yeah you have to walk a little bit
carefully yeah yeah so I'm not having to
do that with these and that's my outfit
great no what are you doing at my room
yeah yeah no no cable hanging out of my
bag if you want to say why do i okay
yeah I want to see your new iPhone ten
goodnight say goodnight good morning it
is a very beautiful Thursday no
Wednesday god
I'm really losing track of the date it's
about 9:00 a.m. and we're about to head
to breakfast I just wanted to show you
how beautiful and calm it was out here
oh my camera's fogged up
so this morning I've got my gentle
monster sunglasses on I actually got
these I don't know if any of you
remember but I bought these when we went
to Edinburgh at Christmas time last year
I really really like them I've also got
my little Asus earrings my my soma
necklaces and then this top which is
from Miss Selfridge I think it kind of
has like a little wraparound element to
it but it's not actually wrap around Oh
God can you even see me right now there
we go so that's the top it's very
comfortable like it fits really nicely
and it has like little cool happy
sleeves I'm so bad at it I've got my
shorts on from Zara
the little embroidered pink Panther's
and then my vintage YSL belt oh and my
little hmm sliders which have served me
very well this holiday for any of you
that might be going away take sliders
best thing and
so I'm trying to decide what to wear to
go to the beach and I've tried on two
misguided dresses and both of them have
looked like this I mean what is this
like boot it would just look like boobs
I should have tried this on before I
came on holiday I know there'd be so
many of you like why didn't you try it
on before you went but I just didn't
think I would need to it's like a little
dress
hey there we go right this now looks
like have a dress on back to front
what's gonna like at the back part oh
yeah oh yeah yeah it doesn't look right
it looks like I've got a dress on back
to front I would have preferred it like
this though I don't like this either
like I read though I was gonna like this
is just a sir
but it's the arms yeah like what the
hell it looks like I'm wearing a sleeve
well I don't know if we're just in this
mood today where I'm putting things on
I'm just like this is Papa's favorite
version because I put it on and just go
this looks I hate this I hate this this
is horrible I think it would look great
on some people and again I should have
done this one at a time but I just I was
foolproof
I've got nothing else left to wear no I
think this could look nice on some
people but yeah it's this bit it's this
bit that I'm having the issue with the
fact that it looks like I've stuck on
two sleeves because this looks lower
than this yeah like that is lower than
that and that doesn't look right
I'm just gonna put my little shirt and
I'm gonna put my little shirt and shorts
combo on from Zara again I think cuz I
really liked that okay I'm happy now
I've got my little shirt shorts combo
and I got my ray-bans and my miss oma
choker and I'm ready to partay let's go
we've even got the Greek commuter Conn I
thought this was Sean's playlist but
it's obviously not is it whilst we've
been here we've discovered these which
are called Nutella be readies and oh my
god they are delicious have you tried
one of these Sean ah okay so they're
like no they're like what are those
things
they're called kinder kinder bueno okay
so it's like a giant Kinder Bueno that's
so good to me and Alfie of like
demolished this whole box I also bought
this terrifying snorkel mask which looks
like it should be used for something
else but it is actually really thick
like you don't have a small core in your
mouth it just you breathe in the mask
and then the air comes out the top I
really wanted to get this because I like
the sound of it and it was a wreath
gadget that I wanted to try and Alfie
laughed at me and was like no oh I've
just realised we didn't peel the plastic
off it I feel like I'm forever doing
this in videos always peeling off the
plastic oh that's better
oh yes I did
but you can see everything so we're
going to take this down to the beach -
because I want to swim and see all the
fish even though I'm not gonna lie
I don't enjoy swimming in the sea I know
that's a bit controversial but I don't
because it's terrifying because there's
so many things in there I just don't
trust you're the same on you I'm not
scared of sharks I'm just scared of
little fish that look weird that's all
like the coral makes me feel funny but I
don't like putting my feet down on the
coral because I'm like well let's think
let me get it yeah which is fine here
because I feel like you can see the
bottom especially this one but I know
wearing this Missy will scare me because
I don't like seeing what I'm swimming in
like in freaks me out I think maybe we
better that I can see everything very
clearly but when I went in the sea the
other day I was like oh that looks like
coral but is it coral are there any
jellyfish I just don't know it's too
scary but now that I have my GIMP I mean
it's north also as if I haven't already
sold this mask to you it comes with a
GoPro clip so I'm gonna try and see if
Shawn or Alfie can help me attach it
who's my little session yeah and then
I'm gonna swim under water and then the
next clip you'll see will be my majestic
underwater swimming showing you
everything I just said I was scared of
and you can actually hear people very
well with this because you can talk you
can properly talk you don't have a
snorkel in your mouth so you can be like
fishies and everyone
good evening okay so we are having a
little barbecue on the beach this
evening which is really nice and I am
wearing this jumpsuit which I think
could probably do with some heels by
wearing it with my sandals and it's from
Miss Selfridge I'm not wearing a bra
with it so it feels a little looser than
normal but I like it I feel very free
and I've like scraped my hair back I
don't think I'm very good at doing this
hairstyle I like I really like everybody
and it does feel quite nice having my
hair off my face and then like makeup
wise I've gone really just like eyebrows
mascara and a orange lip I think this is
a Kylie lip kit but I don't remember the
name of it so I'm very sorry about that
and then I've got my ray-bans that's
literally it I didn't put any jewelry on
hairband as an accessory in case this
gets annoying and I tell them I happened
about your earring I I lost one of my
earrings I was wearing earlier in the
see some resat about that
nevermind so let's go good morning
everybody is our last full day in
Mykonos today it's Thursday and we're
heading home tomorrow which is Friday I
am actually quite ready to go home I
feel like towards the end of a holiday I
start to miss like my home and I really
miss Nala
I really want to just like grab her and
just like cuddle her we have had the
best day day I got the best day we've
made it look like this bin a week but it
hasn't it's just been here for a day
doing all these different outfits making
it look like a video for a week no I've
had the best week yeah me and Alfie ages
chillin we've had breakfast in the room
this morning which was really nice we
got up a bit late we were like oh let's
just get breakfast here
swimming costume I am wearing today
where I can put this maybe I'll show you
in the mirror is one from a sauce and
the reason well okay I'm very dark the
reason that I'm okay with wearing a
swimming costume now is because it's the
last day and I don't want to like I
don't know I feel like I've got the town
I'm gonna get now and the only places
I'm gonna really want to turn now is
like any other areas you're gonna see so
I'm happy to wear my swimsuit now this
is from ASOS as I just said it's quite
high but high up one which I'm not used
to but I could try and banish these tan
lines now for the last day and then the
back it's very difficult to show you
what it crosses over yeah I really like
it it's very comfortable I didn't think
it would be but it is a very comfortable
swimsuit and it just has these little
cherries on it and it's really really
cute and it's white so the perfect time
to wear it is at the end of a holiday
when you've got your best tan this is
probably what I'm going to spend most of
today in and then I think we're going
out in the evening for a last meal good
evening oh my god looks so bright this
is a fire night actually as you can see
we're packing up you're packing it's all
coming to an end
packing up packing up no yeah we are
ready I'm ready to see nylon I'm gonna
squeeze I'm gonna love her I didn't have
a foundation that was dark enough so I
had to use a foundation unlike bronze
the hell out of my face which is why I
look a bit questionable these are from
Miss Selfridge I really like them I
think they're very cool then I have this
play suit which has this really nice
little like tie on it and then at the
back it's like in here and I really like
the shorts on this they're very flowy
and the sleeves are very flowy actually
this is from River Island but I've got
it
SRT's star of the show I think you'll
agree my sandals these crazy sandals are
from a brand called known on the inside
of my shoe I'm now asking Alfie to read
my shoes Selena I don't know basically
guys I will leave a link in the
description box but I got sent these
quite a while ago and they are the most
fun sandals I have ever seen and they
tie like up the leg and they have all
kinds of crazy things on them and I've
never had the right occasion to wear
them and I just thought no in what place
it would be the perfect time so everyone
in Mykonos will hear me coming because I
jingle as I walk but it was very kind of
them to send them to me and now I get to
actually wear them but yeah this is I
mean this probably isn't the last outfit
because I will do one more tomorrow for
my like going home outfit which I
already have planned out in there
because even packing something very
organized but this is my final kind of
holiday outfit we are back from town and
it's actually only what's the time
quarter to 11:00 yeah
which in the UK is actually closer to
9:00 this is so we've been going to bed
that early so when we get home I think
it's gonna be a shock I forgot to show
you these pajamas which I've also had
here with me as well as the send nudes
noodle ones let me see if I can put you
up here they've got like really cute
pink and green leaves the only thing
about these is look how like deep the
neck is like that's like a full-on don't
I mean you'd move quickly and a whole
boob would pop out so you do have to be
aware of that she comes here
a really long so I've had to run that
but they are non fit aren't they I know
I've got AIDS talk I bathe the people
all the girls matching ones but yeah I
really like them these were just a sauce
and now we're going to bed the least
natural way tore down the stairs I've
ever seen that's the slowest lift sorry
God squaw right I'm gonna take off my
makeup and then it's time to go to bed
it's the last day I'm just gonna go
outside it's much nicer yeah we are
pretty much packed I was just gonna show
you all actually ain't gonna need the
mirror aren't I I'm gonna show you what
I've got for my flight same outfit
I loved my hair in French flats that's
because then it's out the way this won't
last two seconds and also it's like
flicks out like this but it just keeps
out of the way and then I have on this
t-shirt from Miss Selfridge which says
not your baby on it which I will the
other day and then I just have these
like loose qalaat trousers from I think
these are from Miss Selfridge as well
actually there's some great things in
Miss Selfridge at the moment yeah these
are Miss Selfridge I wanted something
that was kind of light for the flight
but also not kind of like short because
I'm aware that the second we land back
home it's gonna be freezing and then
I've just got these on because they're
easy to like kick off at the airport or
kick off on the plane now I know what
you're thinking you're thinking Chloe
you're still gonna be cold when you land
in the UK and I agree I am so I also
have which I'm just gonna put in my like
um bag a jumper that again is from Miss
Selfridge and I'm basically gonna be
working this on probably on play
because planes get cold I'm just
demonstrating how I'm gonna wear there
I'm gonna look like this I'm gonna be
worn so it's all good and then if I'm
still not warm enough I've got my denim
jacket which I want also for a long I
can't be college looks so funny the
other side can't say it's the most put
together outfit every one but you know
what I might check this in actually I
might do a yeah that's probably better
there we go thick outfit and then when I
get home
Oh someone at my door it's me it's
outfit and then when I get back I'm
gonna have a bath and change into PJs
and let me tell you I'm so excited about
it because I haven't had a bath or busy
since I've been here cuz barter for cozy
I'm washed up showered but yeah so I'm
wearing this to the airport do you think
I mean I might get a bit hot but I'm not
wearing this to the airport but I am
gonna take I'm gonna take this stuff so
I can be warm on the plane that is the
last outfit I'll show you my bag as well
my little carry-on bag which has got all
my kind of flight essentials this bag
was actually from Primark I think it was
like 7 pounds or something but it's like
a really big kind of tuck everything in
it and just go bag doesn't go with my
shoes it's a different type of metallic
but who cares yeah see you later bye I
actually do have a couple more things I
need to pack almost forgot the bits in
the shower tap tap
he's coming in to end this video do not
even joke I've got the camera in my hand
Alfie Alfie do not joke no minute then
you're gonna ruin this we'll be late
okay so that is my week in holiday
outfits complete I really hope you guys
like this video it was a little bit more
casual it wasn't really a lookbook it
was more just me like talking through
bits and pieces but I really liked that
style of video when other people have
done it so I thought it would be quite
nice more kind of vloggy style I give it
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and if you
liked the little snippets from our
holiday and I will see you next week I
will leave a link down below to all the
clothes and I will see you next week
where things will be a little more
autumnal around here thank you so much
for watching guys I will see you again
braegh see
