hello everybody as you may have noticed
two things are going on right now I have
my lovely friend Tanya bear with me hi
and I have changed my house into a very
festive backdrop it is nearly the start
of December I wanted to do a festive
video and who better to do this with
that my Christmas loving friend Tanya
breathless pal
we both love Christmas so much and we
thought we're the perfect people to get
you guys into the festive spirit so when
December the 1st comes you are ready to
have already conject your halls and I'm
probably a Christmas tree yeah so an
amazing part of Christmas is of course
the festive music which is one of my
personal favorite things yeah I will be
playing Christmas music from now onwards
and so I ought to test our knowledge on
Christmas music Tyler Oakley has done
something very soon as this on his
channel and it was the Disney song
challenge so I thought for my channel
we're gonna do the Christmas song
challenge we also have Jim over on the
deaths Christmas poem he was playing the
songs if you don't know the rules basic
game gonna take it in turns and Jim will
play 10 seconds of a Christmas song
whoever's turn it is has then got to
tell Jim who they think sing that and
what the song is called if you fail to
answer one of the other so the other
person can take the point you got them
both
winner gets a snowflake I'm doing well
I'm just so excited
I need this smoke mates I better win
this game you watch who's go first me
okay number one time that I need both
the name of the song and then we'll be
honest three two one
okay Frosty the Snowman
good bye hey see the Snowman Justin
Bieber very good easiest one
this time okay can I just yeah Merry
Christmas everybody
I don't know you think that is second to
Christmas time you do know I know you
know you know I almost just let them
know you don't get it out
I miss Elton John and I knew that say
last Christmas well oh she's good oh
good
misil's home wine
jolly Christmas yes holy joy of
christmas michael b is equally easy yeah
it's like holly jolly Christmas my lady
blaze boys like fairy tales New York the
Pope yeah
okay it was okay
band-aid yes I want to say I know that
wizard yes
Merry Christmas yes oh I'm on wait do I
look nice Merry Christmas everybody
no cuz otherwise Tom would've got a CI
otherwise I would've got there somewhere
I'm driving home for Christmas
yes I've no idea great lake no fool you
so you can't hear me I don't know I
guess the answer is this year Chris reah
yeah I know I know that because I've
done it that song is that what he said
have a greased
beauties from Japan why don't know that
some I have that smell of home mm-hmm
that's where I'll be well you let me
learn you this Christmas yes by Elvis
Presley have yourself a merry little
Christmas Bing Crosby oh one point for
the title not for the artists thanks
notches
I have no idea it's not like the start
of a Peter Pan song does let's start to
the right I wasn't expecting that even
sure I have to say some most wonderful
time of the year
very good bye hey Bing Crosby no Frank
Sinatra no with it Andy Williams be your
main grave like we're late that's a
great make in there if there is give it
to me my favorite Christmas all around
me merry Christmas everyone
very good oh good oh great
they told me ristmas story
oh and the Snowman brings the snow it
could be Christmas everyday by Slade no
with it oh my nose 12 comments ok 1 6 8
9 10 11 12 points is OE I'm gonna pay
you a song Cake Boss persons give me the
name of the song no Jake I hope this got
you in a festive spirit thank you all so
very much to Jim over here our music
maestro if you enjoyed watching this
video please give it a big old thumbs up
and also leave in the comments below
your favorite Christmas song that's why
we also make them the video over on
Tom's channel where we did a general
knowledge Christmas quiz yeah and it got
very heated from the very competitive
yeah go on
- tarz channel now I leave a link in the
description box or you can click her
face
and you can go and watch that and also
subscribe to Tanya at whilst you are
there because I love her and I love her
videos and I think that you will to get
on a Christmas music get it okay I was
dying we can start getting a bit fat
yeah safe to say it christmas has
arrived in my house but that is okay
cause it is nearly to start of December
motors again I was like okay is that
right I make games of the wildling at
the end of the world
yeah jingle bells
bye we don't name chink runs by so okay
I'm sorry I just wake my job - shut up
who must never do a tango with an Eskimo
you know I was raised to push you to
play baby please come to people around
this is a boob album
ma che tipo sympathy you like to go
around
please come home
HiFi to read by Fellowes let's make a
bat
