you just sit in the sofa but they'll
stay gone yes take a seat
hello everybody and welcome back to my
channel there is an Alfie sleeping on
the bed been doing that that comfy
alright actually is pretty calm he gets
a sofa bed isn't now yeah today I wanted
to do a haul video because I have I was
gonna say I haven't done one of these in
a while clearly I have I do them all the
time but I haven't had a bit of a
drugstore what's the word you know
sometimes when I go a bit crazy in a
shop what would you call that shopping
splurge yes ledge that's the one or like
oh oh um me me me topping spray shopping
spree or me Louise sometimes call it a
runny round where you just go around
your there's likes amazing this looks
amazing this looks amazing I haven't
done that in a drugstore or High Street
store ie Superdrug or boots in a really
really long time since you know that I'm
loving dark clips at the moment a lot of
the stuff in this haul is kind of like a
dark purple color and whether that's for
lips or nails or eyes so I'm gonna get
started the first place I went to was
the sleep counter I hadn't been at this
counter in so long and their blushes are
one of my all-time favorite the
formulation is amazing they blend really
well and they have a really good color
selection and I love these which are the
blush by threes I picked this one up
which is slightly darker tones and it's
in the color sugar I shall get it out
for you I just liked this because the
tones in this are quite autumnal and a
lot more dark and deep and wintery and I
don't have a lot of colors like this at
the moment in my makeup collection so I
really liked those the other one I
picked up is called pumpkin and this is
slightly more orangey tone blushes and a
lot more bright but I really love these
colors I think they are super pretty
I especially love this one which is kind
of an orange II red I think that would
look really nice around this time of
year and of course a lovely flushed pink
you've been outside in the cold the next
counter I went to was bourgeois and I
noticed they had some of these now I
don't know if these are new additions to
the range or not but they look really
cool this is the Gujarat Rouge Edition
velvet in a matte finish I think they're
like a liquid lipstick basically and
it's in Grand Cru Oh eight and it's a
really pretty deep red like super deep
red I love dark tone dreads I always
have and I just think that it's the sort
of red that really suits me the other
thing I had a little look at were their
24-hour color Edition cream to powder
texture ultra luminous finish I think
these are for your eyes I'm assuming so
they don't actually say you all can you
know I don't see no the two colors I
picked up ah um prune Nocturne which is
a beautiful kind of deep purple II
maroon color which actually looks like
it has a hint of gold running through it
which is very very pretty and I also
picked up this one which is Cataldi
glass um and it's just a really pretty
kind of rose gold pinky shimmery shade I
love cream to powder eyeshadows I think
they're so super easy to apply and if
I'm in a rush and I think I can't be
bothered to do the whole like dark color
in the crease lighter color and the rest
of the eyelid then I will use these and
I'll simply just blend them out with a
fluffy blending brush and you're pretty
much good to go
also from Bourjois I picked up this nail
polish which is beautiful
I'm not normally one for a kind of
sparkly nail polish or anything with a
bit of shimmer in it I'd quite like just
plain kind of colors but this is so
pretty
it's the one second gel polish I love
the applicator for this it's kind of
square which makes it actually a lot
easier to apply to nails so I really
like that and it is it says one
second I'm just going to throw this out
there I don't really think it dries in a
second I don't know if that's because I
apply it to BIC obviously you are
supposed to apply nail polish in very
thin layers and build it up but
sometimes I don't have the patience flat
so I just like slop it on and then it
shifts and smudges but it does dry quite
quickly on the subject of nails I also
have a little look in the SE counter I
love Essie polishes they're probably one
of my favorites and they have a really
nice new collection out I don't remember
what it was called but they had some
really lovely colors and these are two
of them so the first one I picked up is
this kind of topi kind of move color or
Marv Marv how do I set in America mouth
I think as I say in America now move in
number 333 which is take outside this is
a really really pretty color although
I'm not sure this is going to go well
with my skin tone sometimes colors like
this can make my skin look a bit dead so
we shall soon see how that comes off on
my nails but it looks really pretty in
the bottle the next one I got is a
really dark kind of forest green and it
is called the perfect cover-up this is
just amazing
I love this shade so much I'm actually
gonna paint my nails with this when I
come off of camera after filming this
video and I just really like it and then
because all the nail stuff is next to
each other I then went to the elegant
touch and I featured some of these in my
favorites video previously because I
just finally so super easy if you've got
a meeting or you're doing a shoot or you
need to run out the door or a party even
a Christmas party and you've not done
your nails and you don't have time for
them to dry this is like the perfect
kind of alternative to that so elegant
touch have so many different colors and
shades every time I go there there's new
ones out and I get very excited so these
are matte gray I love them so much they
are called grey days in three three two
and I also got these ones which are kind
of purple ombr√© which is just so cool I
think for nails
and these are also Matt and they are
called Merlot also in my October
favorites I featured one of these it is
the Revlon Colorstay moisture stain
which is kind of like a cross between a
lip stain and a lip gloss they're really
highly pigmented and really easy to
apply and lasts a really long time and I
love the color I had it's like a dark
purple color so I went back I picked up
a really pretty kind of Barbie pink and
this is in the color LA exclusive and
it's just really pretty but I just
wanted to have another one of those
because I really liked it so I'm
extending my color range for those back
to sleek I missed off two of the items
that were in the pile I have been
wearing a lot more dark lips recently
and I have also been lining my lips a
lot more since I met Gabby who told me
that she never wears lipstick without
lining her lips I have started to do it
and noticed a bit more of a difference
and also much better staying power with
anything that you have on your lips and
also it's just so much easier to fill in
especially when you're using a really
dark color or a red so I wanted to get a
lip liner that kind of matched up to
some of the tones of my lipsticks and
sleek have an amazing range of lip liner
colors um so they have one in a read
duct purple and this is the color raisin
this is perfect
basically for any purple toned lipstick
so I really like that and this is also
very toned but a lot lighter and this
would also be really nice to line your
lips if you were wearing a little bit
more of a natural lipstick color and
this is in the shade dragonfruit
I like the name of that dragon fruit is
an actual fruit isn't it have you ever
tried it isn't it that big spiky one
kind of like America's star when you cut
into it it's like a star tracking
through I think school over light and
it's like an orange inside maybe like a
star one way let's draw it it's like a
star no it's a like the capably the same
one deny that mean
if you ever tried track them free yeah
okay yeah was it nice usual oh I haven't
eaten it on the regular but right there
we definitely don't have any of those in
the fruit bowl let me know if we've got
matching pug slippers my views on yeah
you see hot stucco touchstone work where
they don't pick Ziva proven good at pug
noises no oh my god what I was thinking
too guinea pigs
that's why I like bugs Django woof oh no
keep going maybe the try your guinea pig
noise I thought I can you keep this on
I'm so cause guys it's finally time for
us to show you our brand-new pug are you
ready oh it's actually my leg oh really
I'm not flexible in the slightest
so I mentioned a while back how much I
loved the soap and glory eye brow
felt-tip and since then I've not been
able to find it anywhere it's always
sold out in my local boot store so I had
to go on the hunt for something else and
in superdrug Euler Euler the company
that makes eyelashes have loads of brow
stuff they've got brow powders brow gels
and brow pencils and brow ink so this
pleased me immensely they also had loads
in my color so this is number 20 mid
Brown and it says double-ended soft tip
brow liner for intense to even color so
I think this has okay so it has a wreath
in precise nib on one side and then a
slightly fuller one kind of like a
calligraphy pen that you might have used
in school did you ever have those when
they try and taught you how to do really
neat handwriting and you use a green one
yeah it's so bad I want it to be good
I'm a huge fan of felt tips for filling
in eyebrows which sounds kind of scary
if you do it with a really light hand
and you do tiny little strokes of hair
can look really really natural don't go
trying to fill it in like you're doing
like a what's it called a
paint-by-numbers
remember the coloring book the last
place I went which was not boots or
super drug was Topshop because I always
forget that Topshop have a makeup range
that noise was me slapping my thigh by
the way um so I went in there and I
picked up a few bits
I got a lip liner this is in kind of
like a berry tone red so slightly
different from the other colors that I
have but also I feel like would come in
very useful and it is called deception
so I really like that I also picked up
this lipstick which is in a really nice
like black bullet and it's called twin
and oh my goodness it's a dark berry
purple shade - bet you see that coming
did you see that coming Alfie okay how
did you say the word berry yet no I then
bought some lip bullets I've already
used this it's very nice it is in the
shade berry no more than a woman
actually and just to be a bit different
I also got an orange toned nude I love
orange tone nudes in the summer I love
wearing them constantly I just find that
orange tone nudes really suit to my skin
tone and so I picked one up because I
don't have one I used to have a lipstick
from Topshop that was called I think it
was desert but this is the closest I
could find to it so it's kind of a
Coralie nude shade and it is in the
color covered so I'm really excited to
do that and that is everything I picked
up on my shopping spree slash right
around
I also apologize if you can hear the
rain I apologize for my sleeping
boyfriend uh Alfie deyes who just made a
little cameo in this video who said do
you have anything to add Alfie have you
actually fallen asleep Alfie
hey farewell farewell from our few days
farewell for me and I hope you enjoyed
this video and I'll see you again next
week for something a lot more festive to
do a thumbs up
oh yeah give it a Sode that give the
video a pug up already weird
you're really weird hey nothing fight
