hello everybody today I am gonna do a
boo hoo clothing haul so if clothes are
not your thing then this video will be
really boring but if you are like me and
you are a bit of a Shopaholic and you
love clothes then you are gonna love it
I'm going to get straight into it
because I've got quite a few things and
also I'm really sorry if my fringe
irritates the heck out of you through
this video it's irritating the heck out
of me if any of you follow me on Twitter
the other day I said I want to chop my
hair off I know it's a very big
statement to make but just I'm just so
bored of it and it just is so long it
just like sticks to my head like this
when it's freshly washed and it's just
it's a nightmare look at it ah I might
actually have to pin it problem solved
for now okay so where to begin now
there's a very apparent color scheme
through this I know I always go for the
blacks and the whites and the monochrome
I've also gone for some kind of more
kind of wintery shades such as the Navy
velvet and the aubergine color but
besides that it's all quite monochrome
I'm so bad with monochrome things like I
just live in black-and-white like I'm
wearing white today
apart from my joggers which happened to
be very sexy I just live in
black-and-white
so this first thing I picked up is a
playsuit and it's black and it has lace
stars around the boobage area and it has
a cross over back now I think this is
probably a no bra wearing thing and I
would say this would be awesome for a
Christmas party that's what I have in
mind for it anyway and for those of you
that are feeling quite brave with the
whole no bra thing I just think would
look awesome because the back is so
exposed and you could just bite in that
boob tape you know the stuff that sticks
bits down the boob tape just get some of
that and you should be fine really like
them stars next thing is another play
suit I'm clearly loving play suits right
now play suit season and it is this one
it
just has like striped mesh at the top
and then just goes down into its simple
play suit but I liked that one too
and again it's black oh this next thing
I picked up I was feeling quite like
brave and it looked awesome on the model
I was like I wonder if I can pull this
off
so it's this metallic top now I love
this obviously I've just got it straight
out the packaging so it's got like this
awful like crease on it so I will have
to give that a good iron before I
actually properly wear it but I was
thinking like the these this would look
really really nice with like black
trousers or disco pants something like
that I just really like it I love the
metallic Enis especially around
Christmastime and to kind of go with
this I picked up these which I really
like I don't know if I can pull them off
in the slightest but they are like
pleather trousers
one of my friends had a pair of leather
trousers on the other day Lucy if you're
watching this I'm talking about you and
she was rocking them and I absolutely
loved them on her and she was like I
just wear them with everything like
slouchy tops which obviously I wear
quite a lot at the time something glitzy
I just don't own anything in this sort
of material obviously it's not real
leather it's just pleather plastic
leather I think I just back when I said
that whatever I really like them they've
got zippy pockets here and like what I
like to call
um not armadillo yeah Chucky pig what do
you guys call Chucky pigs because here
in the UK I think we all call them the
same thing it's those little like
woodlouse okay maybe we don't all call
them Chucky pigs maybe that's just me
and they also have the Chucky pig part
here which is just like the lower part
of the trousers but I just thought the
two together would look awesome so I'm
going to give them a try but if I can't
pull them off my Lucy I'm going to be
very sad I also picked up this pair of
trousers which are kind of like
/ leggins I have a few pairs of these
I'm like a bit obsessed with them
because they're super comfy and I feel
like they can just go with everything
like this would go with like the top I'm
wearing right now for example is that of
these if I want it to be a little bit
more stylish and I just really liked the
kind of crosses on there I thought they
looked really cool and that could also
be one with the metallic top actually
there you go
some nice heels yeah I really like these
they feel really nice and cozy and comfy
and they have pockets so that's like a
huge added bonus so I think I got a
little bit carried away when it came to
the velvet swing dresses I love swing
dresses I feel like they really suit my
shape as they kind of go in and then
flow out and they were long-sleeved as
well which is hard to find around this
time of the year but I do love a
long-sleeve dress and they had them in a
few colors so I have gone for a navy
blue one but just think these are so
lovely with a pair of black tights boots
navy blue I don't wear navy blue enough
you know I feel like I should because I
have blue eyes and they do say that if
you have blue eyes you should wear blue
clothes and it makes your eyes stand out
but I don't know how true that is but
still I really love this color and I
think I think this is really Christmassy
not as Christmassy though as this color
ultimate Christmas shape this is so soft
I could let you just oh my goodness you
know how I feel about blankets and soft
things
it's lovely really lovely and the
quality feels really nice as well so I
think I'll probably get good wear out of
those and because you know I love the
monochrome I did pick up a black one as
well I think this next thing is possibly
my favorite I have three favorites and
this is one of them it's this dress
which I absolutely love it has short cat
sleeves
has this beautiful black and white kind
of paisley print and it flares out into
this really cute shape I just really
like this I love this style of dress a
really high neck and I don't know I just
instantly fell in love with this one
this one I was feeling brave about and
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to
pull this off but I really hope I can
and it is a maroon or berry colored
jumpsuit which starts off like shirt
style I can't even begin to tell you how
soft this feels this is like nothing
I've ever felt before it almost feels
like the velvet and then you've got kind
of place for about here and then it goes
into trousers now I love play suits and
jumpsuits places I find a lot easier to
wear jumpsuits you've got the hole is
this gonna fit me around the waist and
be the right leg length is this gonna
cut off at my ankles and make me look a
bit sure or is this gonna I don't know
you always got that added it needs to
fit me around here here here and be the
right length whereas with a place suit
as long as it's covering your bottom
you're all good I'm excited to try this
I'm a bit worried that I'm going to look
like someone in prison like wearing like
a prison jumpsuit or something but um
hopefully I can pull it off
oh look at that it unbuttons all the way
down to the front not that that really
is very helpful for a woman when wearing
a play suit for a man maybe little hole
but ah yeah kind of going off-topic
slightly now on to accessories this is
up there with one of my favorite things
also and it is a hat I'm going to put it
on and show you it because I absolutely
love it ok I'm going to scootch down if
I can
and nichkhun it I love this hat it's so
cozy and it fits my head take the tag
off I always want to wear this for the
rest of the video this is perfect I'm
going to be living in this all of winter
I can tell you now if you saw my pumpkin
video then you will know my friend Gabby
and a lot of her necklaces come from
boohoo so I checked out the necklace
section and I picked this up because I
feel like I have a distinct lack of
statement jewelry I have a few things
but they're either very very colorful so
they don't necessarily go with
everything or they're really delicate um
so I picked this up and I really like it
it's like proper costume jewelry but I
also feel like it's not as big an as
statement as some statement necklaces
can be boul it really nice with the UM
metallic top actually and lastly the
thing that I also love that was in my
top three are these little booties as it
gets to the colder months dropping the
floor obviously you're going to kind of
end up living in Boots I know I do and
these are the sorts of kind of comfy
boots that you can just sling on with
any outfit and they also have the little
gaps in them so you can wear cute socks
like the cute frilly ones or ones with
guinea pigs on or pugs or whatever other
kind of cute socks that you want to wear
or tights even or tights with socks on
top there's nothing wrong with that so I
love that little cutout section where
you can see through and they're flat
well pretty much yeah that's not much of
a heel on that is it they're flat um and
just amazing to throw on I don't have
many flat boots in fact I have one pair
of flat boots that I wear all the time
and they're starting to I've got
something I've got some hair on my lip
they're starting to deteriorate and
they're getting very very muddy so I
feel like this is a nice step up and
they look really pretty and
is everything from boohoo that I wanted
to share with you boo who are actually
holding a competition for you guys to
win everything that I just showed in
this whole I know it's really nice of
them like super nice so if you want to
enter that all the details will be in
the description box and you can click
the link and go through I would do it
because it's free for you to do it and
why not plus there are some amazing
things there if I say so myself
let me know what your autumn and winter
staples are and let me know if you've
managed to find yourself a bobble hat
that's as amazing as this one and I will
see you again next week bye guys
