hello everyone I am going to do a
favorites I didn't do a favorites last
month I think I did like a current
favorites because I've been quite busy I
have moved house and so my favorites
have been scattered around in sellotaped
boxes so I am sorry that I haven't been
on schedule with many monthly favourites
but this month I do have things that I
have managed to salvage from the boxes
but I've been using a lot this month so
I thought I would share those with you I
have quite a lot so I'm gonna try and do
this as quick as I can
makeup wise I have been loving NARS
sheer glow now I think I've talked about
this in many previous favourites videos
I love this stuff so much it is my
current go-to foundation I always flip
between this and either Rimmel match
perfection either this or Rimmel match
perfection or Rimmel wake me up
foundation at the moment I'm really
loving this it just has a really nice
consistency it's not too heavy on the
skin but it's a really good coverage and
it's also buildable and I just love the
finish that it gives I have it on today
though I've been loving that thank you
very much NARS sheer glow lips wise as
this is kind of the autumnal season now
which is one of my favorite seasons in
fact it is chucking it down with rain so
I do apologise if you can hear the rain
through this video I'm certain denieth
one of those roof windows and so it
literally sounds like I'm being rained
on I have brought out some old classics
now I bought these last year and I loved
them to death and I feel like it's kind
of the season to bring them back out
again and it is the YSL lipsticks the
 they are the Rouge pur Couture ones
and I have them in two shades they are
very similar shades I definitely
wouldn't suggest that you go for both
unless you are a very toned um crazy
person like I am but I do use both
having said that one is much more of a
moisturizing kind of Sheen lipstick and
the other is a matte shade and a
slightly darker and a little more vampy
this is the matte vampy shade this one's
quite
mark this one is in the color 205 the
other one is number 54 and this is the
one that I'm wearing today it's a much
more moisturizing kind of consistency
and it's a little more red toned and
it's a lot more shiny on the lips they
are different they don't look it but on
the lips they do look slightly different
and it kind of depends what look you're
going for because obviously having a
shiny lip is different to having a matte
lip but yeah I use both and love both I
didn't want to talk about vampy lips
without including a kind of drugstore
alternative of something that I've also
been loving a lot this month and it is
the Revlon Colorstay moisture stain I
think these are new because I've not
seen them on the shelves until earlier
on in the month and this was the color
that I really wanted and I went to
Superdrug and I was like ah I want this
color and they were all gone it was
almost like everyone had seen it and
gone ha I'm going to take that one and
then they'll be none left for Zoey
and I've got very sad and I almost
bought the tester I didn't because I've
done realize that's very gross so it has
a little dosa applicator I say little I
mean massive it has a really big
applicator which has its pros and cons
if you have quite small lips you'll find
this very difficult although I do find
that the pointed tip is very useful for
getting a really good outline this is
basically like a lipstick mixed with a
lip gloss that's the only way I can
describe it
they are very moisturizing the color is
very pigmented and I would strongly
suggest you try these if you're looking
for something kind of similar to what
I'm wearing right now what notes well Oh
lashes so Louise had been using this
mascara for a while and saying how
amazing it was and um me and all my
girlfriends so Naomi Tania Gabby Louise
all of us we all talk about beauty a lot
because we all love it and we all find
it very exciting and very fun and didn't
really think twice got it my PA box used
it and I absolutely loved it
again I'm wearing this today I've
probably been wearing this for the last
two months it is Tarte lights camera
lashes the packaging is
not my favorite um although very
heavy-duty I did look at this and think
this is gonna fall apart in my makeup
bag and it's gonna go grubby and it's
gonna look disgusting but I think it's
held up really really well I don't know
too much about Tarte cosmetics although
I do know that this mascara is amazing
and amount to try out a lot more things
from the range I'm gonna use this till
it dries up and it goes with old and dry
and decrepit I'm gonna stick on the kind
of beauty kind of scene um I am
currently wearing some but uh the nails
I have been loving a stick on nails now
you know if you've been watching my
videos for a while
I am so lazy when it comes to nails I'm
so bad even last night tan sat down
there and she did her nails all
beautiful and I was meant to be doing my
toenails and I just didn't my toenails
get chipped and disgusting and then I
think oh I'll just paint over them with
another color and it'll be fine no they
are a mess and then once I do take the
nail polish off the color of my toenails
underneath I literally like a hobbit
like my feet are disgusting well my feet
aren't but my toenails are it's just not
my forte I love beauty I love makeup but
nails are not my forte I don't have the
patience to sit and let my nails dry and
when I do and I think yes they're dry
I'll touch something and they'll chip
and smudge and I leave a terrible nail
mess behind me so when I was in super
drug the other day I got very excited
because I went to the stick on press-on
nail section these these have adhesive
tabs I don't use the adhesive tabs
because they don't stay on so I use nail
glue and I just use nailin you could try
them with the adhesive tabs but I just
feel like I'm so clumsy and hard on my
hands that they wouldn't last two
seconds but I did love the variety of
nails that they had I currently have on
some Halloween ones which I have filed
down you can file them absolutely fine
so if you're not keen on the length or
the shape you can change that and
there's a nail file in there stick on
nails but with not with the adhesive
with some glue have been loving because
it looks like you've actually put effort
into your nails and they do tiny sizes
too because I have teeny tiny little
fingernail
and they always have the right sizes
that's elegant touch ones I'm not sure
about any other brands but the elegant
touch ones always have my nail sizes
which makes me very very happy the next
thing is quite random but I wanted to
include it because it worked like a
dream and I always tell people to buy
this and to have this in their medicine
cupboard and it is first offense Vicks
first offense
just before Amity fest I had that
horrible thing where you wake up and you
want to scratch your throat out and
you're like oh no I'm getting ill worst
timing ever ran out and bought this and
you spray it up your nose it sounds a
very scary and it doesn't taste very
nice because obviously go your your
mouth and you know they're connected
just in case you don't know um and so
you squirt this up both nostrils and you
just carry on as normal breathing and it
kind of kills that I think it kills the
back not the bacteria but the virus
that's starting in your system I feel
like this is such a weird thing to put
in my favorites but around this time of
the year a lot of people get ill and it
can be prevented because I sprayed this
for like three days maybe two and a half
days up my nose every couple of hours
for the day and it worked amazingly now
every time someone's got like a little
bit of a sniffle or a cough I'm like use
this quick fight the fight the virus
this next one is an indulgent project
project this next one is an indulgent
product so it's not cheap I'm just going
to throw that warning out there now that
if you do not have the budget for this
do not even contemplate buying it and
don't say for it if it is completely out
of your reach I guess this is more for
the people who are very into skincare
maybe some of my older viewers um who
might be looking for something new for
their skincare but if you don't have
money for this don't even like think
about it because it is very expensive
it's the sunday sunday sunday really
it's the Sunday
Rylee good genes treatment serum okay so
it brightens exfoliates plumps lines
evens hyperpigmentation and increases
circulation for instant radiance I
bought one of these
from the feel unique website because it
had amazing reviews and it was when I
was going through that kind of rough
patch where my skin was Ries potty my
skin type is the skin type where if I
have a spot the mark just lingers for
months and months and the pigmentation
on my face is quite uneven and I just
wanted to try something that I thought
it might be that I'm spending a bit more
money but maybe it works so I did and it
was 85 pounds ok yeah everyone breathe
everyone calm 85 pounds yes it's a lot
of money for a serum I used it every
morning and every evening and I have
noticed a massive difference in my skin
in fact a lot of you guys have noticed a
massive difference in my skin because
you have been leaving comments saying
your skin looks so glowing recently what
have you changed in your skincare
routine which is mainly part of the
reason I wanted to include it I could
have not included it because it's so
expensive and I know that a lot of you
will say it's absolutely ridiculous to
spend something like that on a skin care
product and judging by all the amazing
raving reviews of this on for unique I
decided to take the plunge and try it
out I don't I can't explain to you how
this has changed my skin without being
able to do before and after which I
don't have but it makes my skin feel
like silk after I've applied it anyway
it makes makeup go on a lot smoother the
scarring that my face would leave after
spots is massively reduced this stuff
just either really likes my skin or is a
miracle product either way I am happy
that I have it in my life and I started
on my second bottle today and that is
why I wanted to put it in my favorites
please don't feel like you have to buy
this
there are definitely cheaper
alternatives I've just not discovered
them myself but if you have then leave
them in the comments below and I've also
heard great things about Sunday Riley so
if there are any of you out there that
are looking for some high-end skincare
inspiration or you need something a bit
like this then that's the one if not
then it's okay I understand 85 pounds is
ridiculous much spend on a product but I
did it anyway
thing is a candle because it's getting
to that time of the year where
everything is so festive and it's like
rainy and crappy outside and you're
inside you're like ha it's raining
crappy outside and I'm inside and I've
got candles yeah love candles and as you
know I am a camp candle a holic I
basically need to go to candle rehab
this one is called Christmas baking and
this is my favorite I have tried to from
the range so far there's an also an
apple potpourri one which is also very
nice but this just smells amazing I'm
not a huge fan of the really sweet ones
like vanilla frosting or there's one
called Christmas treats which both alfie
and Tanya love because that's kind of up
their street I don't like anything too
sickly and I feel like this is a nice
mixture of sweet but festive and kind of
cinnamony gingerbready
kind of it's I don't know I can't the
worst explaning smells but it smells as
if you someone was baking literally
baking something Christmassy in the
kitchen that's what it smells like it
smells amazing and this is what I have
been burning for the past like two weeks
we can huh and I really like it I was a
bit gutted that had to blow out before I
made this video actually because now
I've got that ring around the outside
that you don't want like the deadly Ring
of Fire in case any of you are wondering
what I'm on about when you light a
candle you must always make sure the wax
melts all the way around before you blow
out because then the wax will burn down
at the same time and you'll never get
that a million ring of wax around the
outside that you're trying to like fight
inside you know what I mean
another thing that comes with cozy
nights in in festive season and autumn
is having a bath this is a bit weird cuz
I feel like this is the first I've
mentioned my own product in my main
channel video because I don't want to
feel like I'm throwing them at you guys
um but I genuinely love them um worked
very hard on them and I wouldn't be
recommending them to you or selling them
it for that matter if I didn't love them
so I just wanted to share with you just
- from the range that I've been loving
an awful lot this month so the fizz bar
which
chili is my favorite of the whole
collection I tell this to people all the
time I know that the mist and the fizz
bar are the two top sellers there's
eight pieces of fizz so eight bath bombs
if you've got a really deep bass you
could go all out and throw half of it in
if you've got a shallow bath if you just
go for one or if you're mixing and
matching something else maybe a lush
product or something you can do that I
sometimes do that but it's just my
absolute favorite I love the smell so
much it's really fresh and um I I just
it's my product I'm proud of it I'm
proud of it and I love using it so it's
like the perfect mixture no I just love
staring at it I even went into super
dragon bought one everyone thought I was
mental they're like why buy your own
product I was like because I need more
what are you all about
I need more like I want more fizz bar so
I'm gonna go out and buy more fizz bar
that you know you could probably just
ask and they probably you could probably
get one they are your products Mike yeah
but I just buy them just buy em and use
them that's what I wanted to do with
that I then mix it with the soap opera
buff soaked and shower cream this stuff
is amazing I love that it's double like
a double action product I guess and you
can use it as a shower gel and also a
bath cream everything from the range has
the same refreshed scent I add this in
with the fizz bar and it creates big
bubbles and then I just soak in the bath
and just love it and then I get out and
I smell like it as well so just love it
the last thing is cozy joggers now this
is something that I love all year round
obviously but as I said it's getting
colder and you just want to kind of be
all cozy and warm and I'm a massive
advocate of big cozy blankets always
have been and recently on stage Amity
fest one of the questions was who is the
most likely to spend all day in the
pajamas and everyone said me and there's
a reason for that and that is because I
own way too many pairs of comfy pajama
bottoms and I did laugh a little bit
myself
I like
would sum up for this video as all three
of these bought in seperate occassions
separate motes separate years even I all
have Robins on them but I did not
realize so here's a nice pair these were
from Primark me and tan bought matching
PJ's so I use these a lot then here are
some more with Robins on and these are
also from Primark Primark do some really
good joggers and they're like three or
four pounds or something ridiculous and
so soft and I got these last year and
they're still going very strong I'm
going to be going in there getting some
new one soon don't worry and last night
in true tradition me and Tom went out
and bought some more matching pajamas
and again they have freaking Robins on
them I don't even realize that I've
buying pajama bottoms with Robins on
until I literally put them in the pile
today so apparently I like Robins anyway
I feel like I rambled on for a very long
time and I do apologize and it's my mic
on oh my goodness please tell me a spin
on the whole time yes it's like goodness
and I'm sorry also for the lack of
anything that's behind me as you know I
have just moved house so I'm still kind
of trying to find somewhere to film and
set up my office space but I'm sure you
will see that unfold ah I hope you
enjoyed this video let me know in the
comments what you've been loving this
month or if you have any alternatives or
anything similar to what I have shown in
my video especially candles Christmassy
candles let me know what what ones let
me know at which Christmassy scented
candles you really really like and I
hope that you had an amazing Halloween
and I will see you never see oh the
death of that I've done it the derp say
yes say yes cause Ernie do not oh why
you gotta be so cool don't you know I'm
human too
