let me just have a sip with my massive
vagina someone put yourself Aegina ah
everybody this is just many enemies with
any right to have some mother pumpkins
so I have enlisted my friend Gabby here
we're gonna grab our tools there the
good one
no no it's just a shock oh no we should
cut this like a star Oh miss me already
the creative juices are not flowing
they're just going into people oh you're
right there don't think so maybe you
should try this one don't baby still hot
look yeah have you decided your pattern
yeah and I
I would do something so epic I might do
I'm gonna do the sound of music I do not
see each other live play soon there
we're a different shape fuck good good
yeah Jeremy's back back back
I love Fred Fred Fred guess who's back
guess who's back guess who's back
oh my god whoever has the worst podcast
is over on my head no that's a great
idea it's not yeah or to eat some shit a
face in it put it on their face this is
your idea I know your middle Emma's now
look it's grown trees in the ground oh
no my hat cheers yeah don't laugh that
was the cook serious question or much at
that point of tree oh yeah your mom in
Turtles grow on trees pumpkin chats new
chatter - I couldn't do this as a job as
a job do people do this is drugs I don't
think so can you imagine it gets that
time of the area one yes that doctor
what else the time time to shine really
impressed with the state
not me not look eyes great oh wow yeah
you've to stuff she's not well grandma's
got me good job have you cleaned up so
well
well you've got solid my friend feel
like you're smells better than mine yeah
yeah you're supposed look pumpkiny I
know you guys like smiles loose my mind
this is such a horrible innuendo I like
your smile better your smells fresher
hey kid Disney character is literally
just thinking yeah yeah yeah okay I've
got one your wiser
not telling oh boy this is safe oh oh oh
my god we're lick you the finger like
what the hell
hey let's scrap that idea let's just do
a pumpkin face yeah yeah all right then
I don't know what I'm doing
I do making very nervous
your sleep
do we have to put candles in at the end
yeah oh this is Halloween this is
Halloween
oh I'm fully prepared what you say
you're fully prepared to be bobbing them
big thing kiss me it's gonna be popping
them fit lucky one what is Halloween
infinite raishin on the Hallows of the
weave when all the hollows come on now
skin and you'll have a smile pumpkin
angels all the girls will be on t gonna
be pulling tonight me Nawal
it's a fast little one I got a mess all
right
and all the you boys that handle tea
light in flame on okay let's move the
inner fire in the hall from Toy Story 3
2 1 I'm going to turn the light off so
they can see it so these are our
finished pumpkins - called Jacques job
John so mine is a little pumpkin village
here we have the village cup uh what's
it called Flossie yeah here we have the
village you know what that is actually a
little pumpkin I just made a thing
around it it was a ghost and then a year
we've got 30 back oh I like it
you're just like Halloween all rolled
into one yeah and yours is like
Halloween face I like it I think I did a
great job high five
so we tweeted out saying which pumpkin
do you guys prefer left or right we
didn't say whose was whose and the
consensus although it was very mixed I
have to say there was a lot of people
that loved the creativity they went
Gabby's but there was a lot of people
that the third one I knew that Soviet
way as soon as I did my first thing I
was like so it's gonna be me but he also
so much more creative without just party
or sik's better
no I promise I won't push you in any 501
doesn't like you and your mother suey
it's really good for your skin you know
maybe is okay seeds now oh oh yeah
you've got one oh yeah your turn they
literally pop your face in it actually
feels quite nice are you sure yeah
you're gonna take your makeup off anyway
it sticks them squidge 800 you choose it
the first to fall off what do you mean
are you not allowed to tip your head
that's not fair I feel we should end
this before it gets very ridiculous
yeah stop bathing in it yeah I can see
it 0:01 little bit keith lemon keep up
kid sorry
yeah I'm not gonna lie Sophie well I
think I wrecked your ceiling is it still
bad
looks like it'd be day oh my get me day
let's make it be day so we hope you
enjoyed this video and let us know what
you decided to carve into your pumpkins
I would like to see them to recreate
hashtag yeah what should we have some
bacon jars pumpkin chats with a vet with
the Zed so hashtag pumpkin chats and
said we'd love to see your pumpkins and
and any other pumpkin related activity
so you know throw live bolt bowling or
throwing the pits or making pumpkin pie
so we're gonna go now thank you very
much for watching don't forget to that
if you enjoyed this video you could give
it a little like for Halloween we're
gonna go wash our faces now thank you so
much don't forget check out Gaby over
her link in the description box I love
her I love her videos oh you can carry
on
I want to do a show my video with the
pumpkin from it in the air to the mall
ah
Oh
