hello everybody today I'm gonna do it
another her video for you and because it
came to my attention that my most
watched video is the quick and easy
hairstyles so I thought it was only
right and only fair for me to do another
one of those for those of you who are
constantly asking me for very quick ways
to do your hair there's always those
mornings where you're running late
you've got school or you've overslept
missed the alarm you've got work in like
ten minutes and the last thing that you
want to be spending time on is your hair
when you have lots of other things that
you need to be doing so today I thought
I would show you some more of my quick
and easy hairstyles first thing I have
done today is wash my hair I've used the
Tresemme platinum strength shampoo and
conditioner is actually wet I've just
taken out the shower but my hair smells
amazing so good shout I also use the
Toni & Guy prep leave-in conditioner as
I have quite long hair it can get quite
naughty and if you're in a rush the last
thing you want to be doing is brushing
your hair for like five minutes which
some mornings I actually end up doing so
if you're one of those people that kind
of wakes up with really naughty hair or
you've got long hair and it's a bit
unmanageable and frizzy use a leave-in
conditioner this one is amazing love it
also another lifesaver before I get on
to the actual hairstyles is dry shampoo
this one is the Dove Hair Therapy
refresh and care dry shampoo I love dry
shampoo as much as the next person it's
great if you're in a rush and you don't
have time to wash your hair and it's
also great if you've just got freshly
washed hair and you're finding it
difficult to do anything with it because
it can add a lot of texture and it makes
it slightly easier to do some more kind
of intricate styles I guess okay now on
to the hair styles so this first test
style that I'm going to show you is a
braid within a braid or a plaque if you
prefer to call it that which is just a
simple twist on a classic easy style
which takes it literally a few seconds
longer I just think it looks really
pretty and it adds a little something to
an otherwise quite standard braid the
way I've done this is to simply just
plat one tiny section of my hair and
then incorporate that into the three
strands and then just with a normal
braid you're taking one piece underneath
and into the middle and then from the
other side and into the middle until it
looks a little something like this I
just think it looks quite nice and
obviously you can cut the little elastic
band out which I totally forgot to do
hairstyle number two is one that you
actually see me wearing quite often it's
just taking half of your hair and
putting it up into a simple ponytail you
can either leave it like this I'd quite
like to pull out bits of hair and make
it look slightly more messy and because
my hair was quite freshly washed I
wanted to do that anyway and then I'm
turning this into a bun so just twisting
the hair and quite messily to be honest
just wrapping it around the actual
ponytail and using another hairband just
securing that in place and again just
kind of playing around with it a bit
make it the shape you want it to be
stick a few bobby pins in there just to
give it the perfect shape although to be
honest there is no such thing as the
perfect bun
I think the Messier the better you can
either leave it like this or I thought
it would be quite speak to pop a little
bow in the front because it looks quite
cute look at that so cute or you can use
a scrunchie you know bring the 90s back
a little bit add a scrunchie and you're
done
for this next one you're going to want a
hairband now it can be decorative so
I've got some flowers on mine or it can
be plain it's totally up to you and I've
just done this and popped it through
like you normally would if you were
going to wear it just to kind of see
where my hair was going to lie and you
want to push all the hair back from the
hairband then important to pull your
hair back through the hairband I know
I've done this an odd way just so it's
it's quite nicely now I don't know if
there's a name for this but I just call
it
chucking your hair in underneath the
elastic in any way you can I think the
aim of this style is not to be neat it's
just to be a bit messy it doesn't have
to look perfect but you simply just tuck
all your hair in to the elastic and you
want to do that all the way around the
bottom of your head
you just want to continue to do this
until it's almost all done and you've
tucked in all your hair I think this
looks super cool if there is a name for
it let me know in the comments but I did
this once I really really liked it and
then I just kind of pin bits in place if
I'm not happy with them just make sure
it's all sitting quite nicely but again
I think it just looks really nice quite
messy looking I also think this looks
kind of former it looks like you could
have actually spent quite a long time
doing it and there you go finished now
we are on to the last hairstyle which I
do a lot it's basically a messy high
pony so I always find it easiest
actually to tip my head forward to get
the pony tail in the right position on
the top of my head and to cover the
actual hairband I use a tiny strand of
the hair from the ponytail and just
simply wrap that around I also think
this looks quite nice and because I have
my fringe that's a bit short it kind of
normally sticks up a little
crazy-looking I then think you can
either leave it that way or you can use
a hair accessory so I've got a little
bandana here which I am loving right now
and you just kind of want to tie that
into a knot and I do a double knot on
there and it just adds a bit a bit of
something to it really
and there you go that's pretty simple
and very very quick so I hope that this
helps some of you and kind of gave you a
little bit of inspiration a few ideas on
how to do your hair very quickly if you
are in a rush somewhere I know I use
these hairstyles a lot give a video a
big thumbs up if you enjoyed it and let
me know in the comments if you ever want
anything else similar to this or if I
ever come up with any more quick
hairstyles then I'll be sure to film it
for you if that's something that you
want why can't I say things thanks so
much for watching guys and I'll see you
again very soon bye
