would will poop hello everybody today I
am going to do and makeup tutorial for
you I'm going to attempt to do it
because as you know I am no expert I
have been really loving a kind of dark
berry lip at the moment as you may have
seen from my second channel where I've
been vlogging every day I've been
wearing it quite a lot recently so I
thought since it is starting to become a
bit more autumn II which I'm really
excited about because it's like one of
my favorite times of the year I kind of
feel like I look like that man woman
from 50 first dates right now I can just
picture all of you like putting my face
now next to that woman and it's gonna be
all over tumblr I don't even know if
that was a woman or a man in the end did
they ever clarify I'm not sure anyway
let's get on with the face um as you can
see I have a few little spots but that's
okay
spots are normal and as I said I like to
collect them so let me know how your
collections are going on um in the
comments I'm going to start off with a
little bit of concealer I'm just using
the Rimmel wake me up and because a lot
of you have told me that if you are
putting concealer on spots is always
best to put it on the back of your hand
and then use a brush to apply it to your
face so that is what I am doing for my
spots and I'm just going to blend that
out with a real techniques brush this is
the contour brush which I am NOT using
for contour why when I film a video I
have men decided it would be a great
time to drill things
why do men drill things all the time so
I am just blending that in
but under-eye circles haven't been as
bad as they have previously I think
because I've been drinking a lot more
water which has really really helped
just going to use a little bit on the
back of my hand and now put it on my
spots my troublesome areas
okay now that I have evened out my face
a little bit I am going to put my
foundation on so the foundation that I
want to use is the NARS sheer glow and
this is in the color Deville I don't
know if this might be a bit like because
they've been away so we shall see and
sorry if the lighting spent really weird
the Sun decided to go behind a cloud
brush I'm using for this is a zoeva silk
finish brush one of my all-time faves I
love this brush so much it's really
really good for blending foundation
overall I really rate this Arriva
brushes a lot if you didn't already know
that because I mentioned them all the
time I'm going to powder now now I've
got my base on and I'm going to use this
which is a matte key ash I want to say
Maki ash I think I'm not sure I've not
heard of this brand before but I use it
the other day and I really really liked
it so it's a loose powder and I'm just
popped a tiny bit in the lid and I'm
just gonna brush that over my face
especially paying attention to under my
eyes because that is where my kind of
concealer disappears first oh dusty
Wow stuff is really dusty it looks like
I'm creating some sort of potion in here
you
I also get really oily in my t-zone that
is the first place that my makeup will
escape so I just make sure I've powdered
around there
love this powder so much you can really
tell the difference and it's really
really light now for some bronzer then
it's my kind of arms and the rest of me
is a lot more tan than my face I've been
using the Chanel's to later tan Chanel
which is something that I've had a major
love-hate relationship with I've had it
for a while and I just never find any
purpose for it and I just think it's
kind of pointless but recently I've been
really enjoying it to kind of balance
out the shade of my body to the shade of
my face so I'm just going to use this
brush which is the fanatic c4 and I'm
just gonna put a little bit of that over
here I just dab it on because I find
that that's an easier way to do it and
then just blend you kind of have to do
this with quite a light hand as well
because you don't want to go overboard
so there you go I look a little bit more
of my kind of shade of body now I'm
going to put tiny bit of bronzer on as
well and the bronzer I'm using is the
L'Oreal glam bronze I do love this stuff
it's really nice it's really really
subtle it has the tiniest shimmer in it
which i think is really nice as I don't
want to emphasize too much on the face I
think the lips are like the major thing
in this look so Thai bit a bronzer
I feel like this look could look really
good on someone with very fair skin as
well you don't have to bronze up if you
don't want to you can just kind of stick
to kind of rosier cheeks but since I
actually have a bit of a tan at the
moment I just figured it would look
quite good this way but I think either
way I think this look would look amazing
on every skin tone to be honest with you
I'm now using my favorite Estee Lauder
tees highlight flush blush I'm just
going to use the same brush again this
is the zoeva luxe sheer cheek
okay face is now done and you can kind
of see the sheen on my cheeks from the
blusher which I really really like now
I'm going to go in and do the eyebrows
and then the eyes so you are going to
have to excuse my eyebrows as I haven't
had them plucked in a while I need to
get them sorted out so I do apologize
for that but I'm gonna try and fix them
up with a little bit of them powder the
power that I'm using is a body shop
eyebrow kit and it's the brown liner kit
in number one so it's quite fair but I'm
using the darker shade and I'm also
using there's a weaver 307 winged liner
brush and I'm just going to give these a
bit more shape with tiny little brush
strokes
I really don't like doing my eyebrows I
feel like there's so much like tension
in case it goes wrong
there's always one I'd rather you think
looks better than the other I can't work
out which one I think looks better but
these will do but my eyes I want to use
kind of gold the bronze colors just to
make it a bit more autumnal so I'm going
to use this one which is called bronze
by Mac and this one which is amber light
by Mac so I'm going to put this all over
and this in the crease I think I do love
a crease
I'm now going to take another brush this
is there's a weaver to 2/8 crease brush
which is actually one of my favorite
brushes right now I am loving this brush
it's so much and I'm just going to put a
little bit of the bronze in the corner
there's a man shouting or sneezing and I
can't work out which one it is I hope it
was just listening
and then going to put a tiny bit of the
amber lights just down here under my eye
and then a little bit of bronze on the
edge of my eye and this is with a Mac
two to eight which is like the cute
little brush I've ever seen in my life
life also amber light is an amazing
shade to use on your eyes if you have
blue eyes just going to throw that out
there the orange kind of brings out was
blue so I don't know if you've noticed
already but my eyes are already starting
to look a lot more blue okay so that's
the shadow done now I was going to use a
liquid liner just to give kind of like a
cat eye flick but I think I want to keep
it quite kind of smoky and a bit smudgy
so I'm going to use an eyeliner pencil
the one I have is brown and it is a
Tarte one is it here and I'm just gonna
do that on my lap a lot of
Oh
as you can see sometimes goes a bit
wrong and that's okay because we're not
experts and we can just use a cotton bud
to attempt to fix it I'm going to put
tiny bit more amber lights on the little
patch that just too kind of got removed
there we go I am now going to use this
mascara which I have been loving also
and it is the Too Faced better than sex
mascara
when I done
just put a little bit underneath as well
onto the lips just like my super
favorite part especially since this
whole thing is kind of based around the
lips I am using this dark berry color
which is called Glastonbury love it and
it is by Charlotte Tilbury rose gold
packaging love love love love I don't
have a lip liner that is as dark as this
but I almost feel like if you're going
to use a color that's quite dark it is
quite important to line your lips first
as it can be quite messy and then you
end up spending a lot longer trying to
fix the mess you've made then actually
applying the lipstick so I'm going to
use this which is my zoeva 3:3 own lip
contour brush I'm just going to take a
little bit of the actual lipstick and
pop it on the brush and go around the
lips first
once you've got the bass go back over
with the actual lipstick to get a bit
more intensity or if you would rather as
it's a little bit lighter because I've
used a lip brush you can leave it up as
it is now and it's just not as intense
but I'm gonna go all in and go intense
so Cheers
so this is my finished look it's
definitely not a subtle look and it's
definitely one for those of you who are
feeling a little bit more brave and want
to rock a darker lip but I honestly
think you should just do it I love
wearing dark colors on my lips I feel
like they are so much fun to wear and if
you're feeling a bit scared then just be
a bit more gradual with it just put tiny
bit on and a bit more a little bit more
it doesn't matter and honestly I think
this color would suit a lot people I
hope that you enjoyed this and that it
has inspired you to rock a bit of a
darker lip around this time of the year
and I would love to see you recreating
this so tag me on instagram which is at
susie bow and also send me your pictures
through twitter as well which is also at
zero so I can see how well you guys have
done it also leave in the comment
section any other kind of very toned
colors that you think I might like
during autumn and winter and I'm sure I
will go out and spy them and buy them
buy them and buy them with new term
anyway I really hope you enjoyed this
video give it a thumbs up if you want
more tutorials and I will see you again
very soon goodbye
