thank you very much our fearless boxers
ladies and gentlemen oh yeah hello
everybody and I hope you're having a
lovely Sunday I have had a ghanima
I have had a very busy week this week as
you will know if you have been watching
at my vlog channel I'll leave a little
snippet here and you can go over and
follow that to see what I'm doing every
single day if um you just can't wait
every Sunday for a video I really wanted
to do a Q&A I was in the mood for it and
then I realize I'd only ever really done
one Q&A and I was like what the hell I'm
really fighting the urge to do a Tyler
Oakley Q & slay but I just did it sorry
Tyler the loudest you have laughed was
when question mark in my laughs a lot
and I laugh for everything any time I'm
happy it's portrayed through a laugh I
hate my laugh I think my laugh is
atrocious
and when I watch back blogs where I'm
clearly having the best time of my life
and just laughing every three seconds
and I'm like what is that really what I
sound like the hardest I have laughed
that I can think of was a time at
Louise's where we were discussing this
photograph that she had of her old cat
Mindy r.i.p Mindy bless your kitty soul
it was a picture where she had kind of
missed the litter tray and the poo was
kind of pouring over the litter tray it
was a really vile picture lucky I don't
have an image of that to insert on the
side and we were talking about it and
the fact that I had dad had thought it
was the bath tub instead of the litter
tray and we just cracked up so much I
had to leave the room because I thought
was gonna be sick from laughing and
another time quite recently wasn't
actually one of my blogs where I was
filming two snails and I read
there was actually a dog poo in the
camera shot as well and if you go back
and listen my laugh sounds kind of
demonic I didn't even know that that
sound could come out of my mouth and I
don't pick what was the most fun video
you have ever made I think this this
might be kind of obvious to a lot of you
but also maybe not but I get asked this
question quite a lot and also what is my
favorite video and I have two favorite
videos but one of them is this and it is
the video that I did with clean aka
Miranda sings I think because I had been
watching her for so long and I just find
her character and her sense of humor as
Miranda so hilarious and so random and
funny that filming with her was probably
one of my like highlights one of my
favorite collaborations I've ever made
and it was just so funny I think I
actually pulled muscles filming the
video I mean it's up on line it's the
seven second challenge so you guys can
watch it too I just kind of whenever I'm
having a down moment I'll put that video
on and I will instantly be cheered up
out of the Seven Dwarves which would you
be this is a difficult question because
I don't remember them there's grumpy
sleepy dopey bashful I'm gonna have to
google it I've forgotten the seven doors
Oh originally did you know this they
were called flick-flick flick-flick qui
snick and wig in 1912 and then they got
changed I did not know that you learn
something new every day this is doc mmm
happy sleepy bashful sneezy dopey grumpy
and Doc I think I would probably be
happy or sleepy I think happy because
most of the time I'm really really happy
and I'm laughing all the time as I've
just said so I think if I was one I
would be happy someone has said my
friend crawls on the ceiling
what should I do perform an exorcism
because that is not normal do you
sometimes pee with the door open
now I'm going to be very honest here yes
I do but not in public toilets if I'm in
my house on my own why not why not pee
with the door open in fact I think I may
have Peter the door open run Alfie and
Louise as well basically if I'm really
close friends with you and I feel super
100% comfortable around you I will pee
with the door open this could be too
much information but just just saying
you asked the question I answered it how
many children are you planning to have a
case so I have always wanted to I wanted
a girl and a boy and I would want them
really close in age like myself and my
brother so that they can be like really
close like we are as well sighs why
would always one who was the last person
you text the last person I text was Ana
Ciccone and I was asking about birthday
plans
um surrounding Amelia's second birthday
five days do you have a happy place yes
I do have a high place I have a few
happy places I really like my bed my bed
is my happy place
my bed with my blankets and some snacks
and a bit of Netflix or some youtube or
kind of Kardashians or something some
other guilty pleasure that I love
watching online that's kind of my happy
place is my bed oh one of my main happy
places is black and shine in the Isle of
Wight which is a 60s theme park which is
pretty much stays the same since the 60s
apart from a few like paint jobs here
and there it's classically awful and I
love it just every time I go there I'm
just like it's like being a kid again
and just having an awesome time will you
be having a book tour for girl online
yes I will I don't know any more details
yet as obviously the book is not out
it's almost done it's in its final
stages and there's not long to go it's
coming out on November 25th
so I'm guessing I'll be doing some foot
book tours and book signings around that
time but I have no further details but
I'll be sure to let you guys know would
you ever go on Big Brother no big
brother is like my idea of hell I have
anxiety so I would never want to be
trapped in a house with no access to
anything no no thank you
if you could change your YouTube journey
in any way what would you change I feel
like this is a really deep question but
I also really like the question because
it made me really think about it and
there is not one thing I would change
because I feel like if I'd done anything
differently I might not be where I am
now I might be somewhere equally as
great or I might not even be making
videos right now so I don't know what I
I'm kind of like a believer in
everything happens for a reason so know
there is nothing I would change the only
thing that I would love to be able to
change is being able to meet as many
people as I can safely but that's not
something that can really be changed
unless we had burners watch any of you
know ion about let me know in the
comments when did you have your first
kiss well I think my first proper kiss
you know like proper proper kiss not
just a peck on the lips was when I was
about 14 and it was on a road at like
night most unromantic thing ever
what is your favorite thing about autumn
love you heart love you too to start
with my favorite thing about autumn is
the crunchy leaves the fact that it's
not too cold and you can have nice sunny
days and that it starts to get a bit
more dark in the evenings and kind of
like the fairy lights come on and you
like some candles and it just becomes a
lot more cozy and the food is like you
get all the comfort food out and it's
like Oh more baths
Louise's favorite season is autumn and
now I can see why because I'm actually
really excited for autumn this year um I
actually yeah I like it
having my own questioned if the guinea
pig had two cousins who like carrots
subtracted by the mass of the Sun how
much did I spend in Topshop three light
bulbs
I think since moving out what's been the
one thing you miss most about living
with your family I have to say the one
thing I miss the most is the amazing
food
my dad cooks like sometimes I just think
oh my goodness I would do anything right
now to have his mashed potato and I
can't I can't make it as good as him are
you looking forward to Christmas what
yes always the first thing to your left
is your weapon in a zombie apocalypse
what is it okay well there's a candle
bear but equally there's something down
here which I did have to move before the
video because it was on my bed so I'm
just going to show you that this is on
the floor because it was in my travel
bag for holiday and when the I had a
film crew over recently filming a part
of a YouTube documentary and they came
in here so I hid them so they're all a
little pile right now because I actually
hid them under this cushion before
filming this video and you could see
them poking out so I've taken them out
you're all probably wondering what the
hell is it the tampon been a zombie
apocalypse I am prepared with my weapon
of a tampon you'd better watch out who
has the most entries in your toilet book
besides you and Alfie fun fact myself
and Alfie have never actually filled out
the guest book because we're not
typically guests so person who's filled
out the most in the guest book is
actually my brother because every time
he comes round he fills it in not once
but every time he uses the toilet would
you rather play the hero in a movie or
the villain I think I would rather play
I mean everyone's gonna say they'd
rather play a hero but it might be quite
fun to play a villain I can't do like
quite a good like evil laugh oh maybe
not maybe I should paint a hero Frank
it's just that I'm not ready to tell you
what I didn't want to tell you to your
face you sat down by my window I think
I'm pregnant no not with a pug
with a baby no a baby human how did it
get in there I don't even know having in
a minute not what they got dropped off
my dog
maybe the stalk impregnated me you
should come here quick I think I'm
giving birth
I had a baby baby yeah oh boy a cow boy
Dora Dora Dora I was gonna say Dora but
that's a girl's name so I said Dora yeah
do you wanna come and cut the cord you
don't even care about me and Dora I'm
I'm going okay so I hope I answered most
of your questions and that you enjoyed
this video if you want me to do more of
these then do let me know because I find
them really fun to make and hopefully it
gives you a little bit more of an
insight into my life and what I am like
as a person in case you didn't already
know I love you guys a lot and I'll see
you again soon bye
