okay everyone this is a bit awkward
isn't it I didn't want to do this you
did you told me I don't feel like this
is appropriate but it's part of all gasp
okay so around this time last year we
did a collaboration and it was on my
channel here and it was basically us
putting out there and saying that we
were together and I feel like we did it
because there was so much pressure
coming from our friends and from our
family and from you guys to be honest
and open with you guys as much as we
possibly can
and I feel like we can't stop being
honest we have to tell you the truth and
the truth is that myself and Tyler
Oakley are no longer together there's a
lot of reasons which we will get into
but we just need you to listen and hear
us out I don't really think there's a
breakup tag on YouTube because you know
this is quite like a personal thing to
discuss yeah but we felt like it would
be really fitting since you know last
time we were an item this time we're not
so instead of the boyfriend tag it's the
break-up tag so the last question is
when did you break up there was today
but I mean for me I can only speak for
myself I feel like this is this has been
done for like months yeah I kind of feel
like we've been done for like yeah we
have been trying to you know work on it
and do the process like still
instagramming and tweeting and doing
collabs and de vlog
those rough why did you break up I have
my reasons and he has his reasons and
we're we're good in the fact that we
respect each other's reason I don't know
about I mean what was my major issue um
the fact that you were openly watching
gay porn yeah no see I wasn't no okay
I was doing research and it was pivotal
one of my friends who we are both
friends with is going through a rough
time so I am trying to get on their
level
can I say who I feel I feel like if I
don't say who you won't believe me it's
Alfie deyes he's going through something
I think he's experimenting with men so I
am just trying to get on his level and
understand the logistics of how that can
work I would have understood that if
however the history on your computer
wasn't three years worth of gay porn I
this the interesting point I understand
I have I have thought this for years
with Alfie deyes he the way he looks at
me the way he carries himself he has
been craving honest well I don't want to
say it but I feel it I don't know if you
feel that in the room when he's here to
be honest I thought he was interested in
me
zel fee what literally what the
could selfie ever be
nobody ship selfie its no you spent more
time with the guinea pigs yeah because
they love me the way you look at them is
a little bit the way Elfi looks at me so
I feel like maybe part of the reason why
we broke up was just because Tyler was
lying and you know he's just not being
himself around me and also that means
that I find it very difficult to connect
with him emotionally and physically see
I just see all I hear is excuses and
excuses where was that attraction when
we started this it was there I felt it
yeah once hearts not returned yeah
the next question is where were you when
you decided to break up well I was it
was I think I mean we have many
conversation clearly but wonder the one
yeah the one last final straw was last
night last night I was at the gay bar
doing research as one does for healthy
and I was just dancing with the boys I
was grinding in character yes I had
turned off my phone but I was I turned
it on for a second to check Grindr and I
got a message from nobody
no face and I am talking to this person
and guess who it is undercover lying to
me acting like there a guy me cuz I'm
smart you're deceptive so after this I
messaged him he messaged me back
pretending it wasn't him and that
someone else stole his phone I hadn't
well I thought that I was being
catfished so the next question which I
think will
make sparks fly but I'm just gonna sit
patiently because that's the person I am
is who broke up with who
what being the bigger person I mm took a
step and just said listen it's done so
clearly I broke up with you well I
actually said the same thing do you want
to go through the grinder transcript we
can look at who said what we don't you
can look at we can look no I don't I
don't wanna see those pictures again
okay nice question here is gonna keep
the guinea pigs you are you just you
know what you have your help to our
lives in January's trying to improve the
relationship and ties you can't fix you
can't fix a problem with scotch tape
those few pegs of scotch tape you need
superglue that my secretly then keep
your superglue next question is will you
still follow each other on Twitter now I
don't know it's kind of hard one because
at the moment his timeline is just full
of subliminal messages aimed towards me
so I could name one name one I've been
thinking about you that's not that's a
no that's I'm just going for retweets
what are you looking to hide what are
you looking to hide sorry what are you
looking to hide I'm not hiding anything
neither am i then what's that guy doing
tied up over there home
you know it's for my self research
one other thing I need to just tell you
I mean this has been going a while but
me and I'll see uh together I can't
believe you've been he's been lying to
you
let me see you fancy him I think that's
what the problem is me yeah last
question then is I guess where do we go
from here
am I gonna remain friends yeah if I'm
gonna play the character for Elfi as a
gay best friend in character yeah I can
be your gay best friend
when Sylar can still be real to an
extent yeah I feel like we'd get them
really well that way I mean we can yeah
I have to go because Alfie is waiting
for me but you can end the video I come
I've had enough I haven't go enjoy your
life together last time so when you will
believe that we were actually in a
relationship and this time I'm a hundred
percent certain everyone's gonna believe
that we are not breaking up he is gay
yeah okay guys please don't take this
video seriously I love Tyler he's always
gonna be my touch me don't look at me
yes don't even know obviously time is
doing Oh guess again so make sure to
head on over to his channel to see that
not just our video but all the other
videos that he's done this month because
they'll be awesome yeah we're doing the
Disney challenge like we did last year
but part two it's gonna get more you
don't win again did you win last year
yeah that's so rude know it I will
finally redeem myself as it does any
kind of doom and I'm gonna win so yeah
um but I hope you enjoyed this little
saga part 2 of the saga 2 of these I
love saga if you did give it a thumbs up
we just checked last year's video had
three hundred and twenty seven twenty
three hundred twenty seven thousand I
think this one should get more four
hundred and then what and you have got
to kiss my guinea pigs no I genuinely I
mean there's nothing wrong with them
let's say in the lips if this is it's
four hundred thousand thumbs up I will
post a vine of me kissing your graphics
on the lip and the lips
boyfriend/girlfriend by saying that they
abstain use it to it longer this is
weird
yeah
oh that's I I can't I don't want to
waste everybody's time with off I can't
not smile up just posing okay think of
something dying find you really
attractive as you should in I I will be
putting out a tweet longer one of the
reasons substituted what are you trying
to say well what word are you looking
for attributed contributor you can't
laugh okay don't look at me
oh we got matching tattoos as well the
arrows to our heart this one is pointing
away from you oh yeah the life of a
party by singing the wrong song and I
don't know where I got this from
