hi everybody and welcome back to my
channel I did a little haul I had Louise
and hazel to stay not too long ago last
week and I took them into Brighton and
we had a little wander through the lanes
and I always forget how much I loved all
the independent shops and just well this
is what happened first thing I talk
about is this top because I bought this
I don't if you can see the color it's
very broody and this is from a shop
called joy um and I don't believe this
isn't an independent shop but I do
believe it is a great shop and I've got
this which is super pretty actually kind
of has a flap I don't know how to quite
explain it but it's really pretty and I
really like it and I also got this
jumper which I also love it is that kind
of awesome autumn winter mustard shade
and it has like raised little polka dots
and which I actually thought would look
really cute if I was to put my like um
jump on top of this kind of cute little
you know how much you love my collars I
don't even need to explain and also I've
just been really enjoying the kind of
autumn winter stuff that's been coming
in recently um if I'm really honest I'm
really looking forward to autumn a
winter like every time I see anything to
do with Halloween I get really excited
and I want to have like a Halloween
party and make Halloween cupcakes and
then I think oh my goodness and then
it's nearly a bonfire night and then
it's nearly Christmas and that's my
favorite time of year but I just love
when it starts to get like autumn me and
these kind of shades come out and it's
just I've loved it so much and this is
such a lovely jumper that's also from
joy oh this the actual brand is yoosh
um but it was sold in joy I got this for
my holiday um it just has like two
straps and it's just a nice loose top
just something nice to put on Oh
bikini or to wear in the evenings so
really like Anat and then I got this
free because I spent so much money which
is never a good thing
but also a great thing and so it was
this jumper which is it's not Navy it's
black black waffle kind of style with
Korean sleeves and I actually really
like this as well there we go another
thing to whack on over the collars can't
wait for sweater weather I'm gonna ruin
the summer now I've said that there'll
be no more Sun that was the only
clothing bits and pieces that I bought
the next kind of bits and pieces I got
work kind of for my house and for a
secret thing that's happening um so the
first place I went was edited which I
mentioned in one of my blog post that's
just where I got my big like yellow lamp
from and there are a little shop in the
lanes they also have a website so I can
link that below if you want to get your
hands on any of this stuff but I picked
up this cushion because I loved the
colors in it and then I picked up these
kind of feel like they go really well
together I could be so wrong but I
really like them ah-ah
this question is from firm living I have
two of these in my window in my like
sitting seat window these are not cheap
cushions but they last a really long
time and I really enjoy them and they
it's just got like pastel shades I
really like the pop of navy blue on that
I really like that and I just like the
shapes in it nice cushion is also nice
big little thing and then obviously the
candlesticks I picked up a small mint a
large baby pink and a kind of nobly
cream and I just thought they'd look
really nice like as a three like this um
so I've got those from edited as well I
can leave a link to the website as I
said below so you can go and check out
oh and I also got this cushion from
edited as well because a lot of you may
know that the color scheme
in my living room is gray and mustard
and purple so I just thought that could
sit on my sofa next to my custard cream
cushion and look quite nice and this is
mini moderns but this was also from
edited as well I think I've got a bit of
a problem in the fact that I just buy
cushions a lot I just feel like cushions
is something that really can change a
bedroom or a living room or an office
like you could have the most boring
chair and the minute you add an amazing
cushion it just brings it all to life so
I've been really enjoying that I also
just remembered from joy so they not
only do kind of clothing they also do
like books and bits and pieces and we
also picked up these three things so I
am majorly into home and interiors
magazines at the moment and just ways
that you can revamp your home but not
necessarily in the ways that you might
think you know like DIY and all that so
I picked up this book which is called
design robbers at home and it says fresh
interiors inspiration from leading
online trendsetters so this is just some
other people's homes and ways they've
kind of improved it and things they
fought small or big bunting glass
bottles different ways they kind of um
made the spaces in their house kind of
come to life I guess
and so I find stuff like that really
interesting and also this is totally my
style I love mixing old with new um and
going for lots of different colors and
kind of styles so that was interesting
to me and also its design bloggers
bloggers Gus what the blob whoo I also
picked up this which says style your
modern vintage home this is actually
quite hilarious because I was flicking
through this the other day and there are
a lot of things in here that I already
have but I have before I bought this for
example there's my dressing table in use
as a desk but also being used as a
dressing table further on in the book so
I was a bit like
okay obviously on the right track
already but I just love stuff like this
like look at this cute little picnic set
oh my goodness um so yeah I and also
they're just great coffee table books as
well hmm oh yeah also from joy and I saw
this on the side odds with Louise I
almost had like a little mini like oh
how exciting
I didn't know what it was but I
instantly picked it up to buy I believe
it's an egg cup holder um I can't think
why I was attracted to this or why I
really wanted to buy it I mean I I like
eggs you know as much as the next person
but as far as egg cup holders go this
one is frickin awesome
it's a bloody guinea pig look at it like
it ready okay I've gone crazy
I need to put down the a cup Hey so
there's this thing about me I'm a card
holder so if I see a card really like it
don't have anyone in mind
to get it for I'll get it anyway because
someone will always crop up and someone
will always have a birthday and someone
will always move house or pass their um
tests or pass their driving test or you
know have a baby or something something
always happens and so I bought a
selection of cards because I just think
Brighton does the best cards first one
is baby boy this is for my friend Emma
hopefully she's not watching this but in
November she is due to have a baby and
for me this is crazy because you've like
grown up together since we were 11 and
it's just really exciting and I saw this
card and I was like oh my god it's so
cute exciting so I've got that for her
um I picked up this one um it says I
think you're lovely and it has a little
rabbit on it
not sure how I'm going to give this to
yet but there's only really a small
handful of people who I think are lovely
so whoever gets this you're very lucky
and lovely this one is a round card and
it has order if you can see it the sun
is shining on it it has a little French
bunny and it says ten and a little
heart can't thank you that could be for
- moving house cards everyone is moving
house I need to have moving house cards
this one is for Gabby this one is for
Marcus annoying me I just haven't got
around giving it to them yet guys these
are your cards this one is black and
white it has a little heart and it just
says always in like a type writer font
can't think he that word before either
and this one is my favorite this is
obviously for a beauty enthusiast
I'm thinking maybe tan so she's watching
this I hope she isn't logic um it says
less popular nail varnish colors we've
got nicotine patch screen of death blue
burnt crab cake drizzle dandruff shimmer
what does that say
sir crap sparkle - celebrity Orange
yesterday's broccoli mysterious rash
cheap ham beige earwax flatulent poodle
asbestos Sparkle and my favorite
grandma's dentures I just think that's
brilliant pick this up in a toy shop
actually um I think it's for kids but I
also think it's for adults
someone reassure me and tell me this is
battles it's called secret garden and
it's by Johanna Basford and it's an inky
treasure hunt and coloring book so the
treasure hunt section I'm not really
sure on I'm guessing you have to find
things in the book but maybe that's
where the child comes in I bought it
because this is amazing for coloring in
like I'm not them coloring in for a very
long time but these designs and patterns
are in saying Lea detailed I just think
if you left out a packet of felt tips
just on like a coffee table or something
people can just like chat away and like
color in and they will look so amazing
look at that it's a peacock I don't know
if you can see I hope you can this one's
one of my faves it's a tree house
again I don't know if you can even
freaking see that throws anything like a
really lovely present for someone who
loves art okay please net
things are quite possibly my faves so
there's a little shop called Rose Hill
boutique boutique Rose Hill boutique
Rose Hill boutique and I went in there
and they had a lot of these I also saw
these in one of my interior design
magazines and they'd pressed flowers in
here it's just literally a sheet of
glass but a frame that you can hang and
you can just put things in it like you
could I mean you could put anything in
it you could fill it with little photos
but I really want to press flowers in
them because I think it looks so pretty
I actually put a photo in this one to
demonstrate even though it's up the
wrong way this is a photobooth photo of
me hazel Louise um and I just put that
in there but it's quite nice because you
can kind of see through around the
outside and yeah I just I just think
there's such a lovely idea just a hand
just I make everything so blatant I
thought these were a great idea to hang
or throw around above your head or to
hang you hang them you hand them Zoe
what else would you do with them and
then these I guess you could use for
anything these are from a shop called
Oliver bonus bonus bonus bo n AAAS bonus
oliver bonus ball bonus bonus bonus or
one as Oliver these are from a shop
called Oliver Oliver these were
displayed in the window with plants in
them so you could see the mud and you
could see the pretty little plant so I
got a small one and a big one and they
had some hanging and some just left on
the side but I just really liked that
you could see the soil and like the
roots underneath then like the flowers
all like coming out I just look so nice
that is everything that I got on my
little spree in Brighton I really hope
you enjoyed this video give it a thumbs
up if you did and if you're feeling
awesome and I will see you again very
soon boy
bitchy
