hello everybody in today's video I am
going to be showing you a couple of the
little bits and pieces I have bought
recently in the way of clothing so I
have some acyl and Zara I don't actually
remember what I bought which i think is
not a good sign
think I did this when I got back from
Amsterdam and I was unpacking my
suitcase and I just thought I'm gonna
see what's new in its the new inception
that gets me every time
I'm so excited okay first thing looks
it's a duck egg on it is there if
there's anything in these that I keep
then make sure you go on over and
subscribe to my vlogging channel which
is where I do more like outfit of the
days and stuff and also a lot of this
stuff is very summery but I like this it
looks cute it has short sleeves they're
quite wild it goes in at the middle and
it's quite short but it's also quite
girly and cutesy I like it I think this
is the shirt
this is just a plain white shirt this is
from misguided it has like really fluted
sleeves and I think it's cropped has
buttons down the middle and it's a vide
it's got like a deep V I don't love the
fabric of this I'm not gonna lie it
feels quite thin and like cheapy but I
was hoping to wear this with some skinny
jeans I just thought it would look quite
nice with like a gold necklace and some
sandals in the summer so that was like
my intention with that now this I am
hoping this is a kind of 80s vibe spotty
jumpsuit with I guess the kind of short
three-quarter length rolled-up sleeves
and then it sort of comes in to the
middle with these like big gold buttons
and then you have the trousers I really
I'm envisaging this to look so glam I
just don't know if this will look how I
want it to look but the vision is strong
and it's quite thick so I think it would
be okay to wear now actually maybe with
a leather jacket on top what is there oh
okay don't hate it so much now this is
French Connection and this is a jumpsuit
so it has this lovely back to it that
you can tie up and very loose sleeves
has a zip down the back and then
three-quarter length kind of qalaat
style trousers I think this looks quite
nice this would look really nice with
just a white t-shirt underneath for now
I mean looks very wide I guess you can
just tie this up a bit tighter but
it looks like it could be quite exposing
on the old breasted area I liked that
so that was a French Connection I
haven't bought anything from French
Connection in honestly like ten years oh
this is oh my gosh this is so soft
holy guacamole I just wanted a plain
white jumper that wasn't too thick I
could put underneath dungarees or play
suits or just to kind of wear underneath
things because I didn't really didn't
really have any just thin plain white
jumpers so I picked up this one this is
the brand Jacqueline do young guys this
is like the softest jumper I have ever
owned it's lovely
16 pounds it's really not bad so yeah
just a plain white jumper trying to buy
jumpers that are slightly more thin
because I feel like I mean I'm hoping
for a bit more spring-like weather and
in the spring-like weather the jumpers
don't need to be so thick so that's what
I'm kind of crazy going I made a very
brave purchase this is by Motel and no
it doesn't feel very nice it feels very
thin but this is a kind of astronomy
style very tight jump suit I don't know
when I might wear this but it's the sort
of thing that I just thought I would
love to wear something like that and I
wonder if I could pull it off I don't
know maybe if you know on the rare
occasion that Marc and Alfie convinced
me to go on a night out I might wear
this but yeah that was a brave purchase
and not too sure what I was thinking
with that bike I mean it could look
really nice imagine leggins but over
your whole body as a jumpsuit so it's
like very very figure hugging oh this is
cute this is just an a soft gray t-shirt
it says high in faux leather fur hi you
know I like my t-shirts that are a bit
quirky and have something a bit
different on them so I thought that was
a nice additive to my wardrobe why did I
buy these I think I was on another
planet when I placed this order guys
these are some earrings I don't think
they'd look so bad but they they have
balls on I think it's just the dime
woman tape it up here that I didn't
realize they had and I'm not as keen on
that bit some earrings oh I got some
felt let me see that's the sort of thing
I always just forget to buy new ones off
because I have some that I use all the
time and I just never think to get any
others I just I use the same belt like
all the time pretty much because I just
never know if I'm buying a belt for my
hips or for my waist oh this is waist
waist and here I have a very tiny waist
which I am not complaining about because
I actually really like my waist but it
does mean buying belts is very difficult
and these do not fit around my waist
which is slightly annoying I wonder if
maybe I could just have these for if I'm
wearing jeans on my hips which I don't
tend I don't tend to wear jeans on my
hips too much I'm much more of like a
high-waisted mom jeans type wearer
personally oh and then I went a bit hot
crazy I forgot about this
I brought loads of hat on the premise
that not all of these are going to look
good or fit so the first one I bought is
just this one that says go away which I
really liked
I mean it's quite big
why is my head so small I try that on
with like my hair down and back combed
and you know
curly maybe the more volume the better I
also picked up this hat what's this
thing that they put round they're very
untrusting this one you can adjust the
size of thank heavens a nice style hat
you know it looks freaking massive I'm
not sure about this I find hats very
very hard to get right hence I've
ordered like four hats I don't mind it
it definitely is more like wintery then
I got this one this one you can also
adjust that's good oh I like this one
this one's nicer
it's very floppy yeah I don't mind this
wait this one's my favorite so far for
sure then the last one I don't know that
I even like this before I put it on my
head no no so one out of three not bad
eh these glasses again an adventurous
purchase because I love the style of
these however my head makes things
slightly difficult with stuff like this
because they either suit my head shape
or they really really don't so we are
all about to find out together no oh my
god if these were smaller
I would love them but why is everything
so big on my head I think I might have
to start shopping in the child section
if there are any other P headed guys and
gals out there please will you let me
know where you buy your hats and
sunglasses because sometimes a sauce
nail it when you can select the size of
a hat I'm okay sunglasses are hit and
miss you either order some and they're
smaller and they look great or you order
some and you put them on like those and
you're like why is my head so small let
me know guys help a fellow P header out
but also picked up this because I was
watching my friend Susie's vlog
hello October you should check out her
channel if you don't already I love her
and I love her videos she was wearing
this this is labeled as a swimming
costume but it's velvet and lace like I
don't know what getting velvet is wet is
like but I don't really put it in a home
it's a very interesting concept wet
velvet and but she was wearing this as
like a body with a pair of shorts and I
thought it looked really lovely so I'm
going to try this on and see what I
think I probably won't wear it as a
swimming costume
I'll probably just wear it as a
op but it's so nice it has like let me
see if you can very pretty this one
looks very tiny though I may have gone a
size too small this is not going to fit
over my breast
I mean halfway okay may have to go to
exercise but I will try that one oh I
bought a pair of these trousers in a
very bright pink and I love them and one
color that I do think screams spring
it's bright yellow like even if I just
wore these with this little t-shirt I
just love I love smart trousers a lot
and the pink ones that I bought recently
I've worn quite a lot so I just thought
it would be nice to go for some bright
yellow ones this is like a little nod to
Easter I bought it from Pullum bear and
on picture I couldn't work out what kind
of material it was what was kind of
hoping it wasn't this material and it is
but I'm not I'm not hating it if I'm
honest this hanger is very peculiar
isn't it don't think it's meant to be
like that or like that it's I mean it
looks more like a hanging out this is
from Pullen bear it's like I'm it's more
of a mustard a yellow but it's it's a
very like soft Jersey ish fabric I kind
of like it it's sort of like a very
smart blazer cardigan like I would
probably just wear it over this t-shirt
it's a bit more of like a thin coat - no
I kind of like it I might roll the
sleeves up maybe I wouldn't probably
wouldn't do the button-up but pop the
collar a bit yeah I don't mind it quite
like it it's probably one of those
things again when the weather starts to
warm up that is nicer to throw on than
like a full-on coat
I thought to get myself some new
dungarees because I have one pair that's
two years old from Topshop which are
starting to go very very stiff and
they're becoming quite uncomfortable to
wear so I thought it would get some more
these ones also are a lot more of a
skinny fits because the ones I have a
very baggy and these are buy cheap
Monday and they're just very dark black
color but I flip in love dungarees so
much you can wear them in every season
like they are the one staple thing but I
would say everyone should have in their
wardrobe because you can wear thicker
jumpers and layers under them in winter
with a coat on top you can wear them in
someone with a bando underneath I've
done that a few times you can roll up
the legs and you can wear them with like
thinner jumpers and spring like the
possibilities are endless with dungarees
they're an all year-round wardrobe
staple I also picked up oh these are
cheap Monday as well we're not a bit
with cheap Monday's free some baggy I
just flew denim ones because again I
have some old ones but they are kind of
getting a bit old and like I wore them
so much I wanted something like new but
yeah they look quite nice as well those
ones are more of a baggy style okay so
that's everything from ASOS oh no I also
picked up this do you ever go on the
gifting section of a sauce because I
love it they have some really weird
random stuff on there sometimes and
there was this little book and I was
like oh this is cute I might put this on
my desk or in my office somewhere and it
says girl power and it just has loads of
quotes from cool women in it better to
live one year as a tiger than a hundred
as a sheep Madonna
oh my god I love that I'm not bossy I'm
the boss Beyonce so yeah it's a book of
quotes by lots of cool
so I thought that would be a really nice
thing to have in the office just to
inject with inspiration and also it just
looks ok on to Zara I do feel like this
time of year is a really weird
in-between eat I'm in the shops because
it's still cold that everyone is still
wearing like their winter clothing but
all the shops have summer things in like
there's bikinis and like straw hat and
I'm just I'm just not quite there yet
I flip in love opening these Zara boxes
it's very satisfying and then they took
like oh I did order this this is a
jumpsuit oh I love the color of this so
much
it's a burnt orange rust color and it
has short sleeves and oh it has pockets
on the front and the back look at that
and it's just big and baggy and it's
jumpsuit I imagine there with the straw
hat that fits my head oh okay now these
I am so into I haven't bought a pair of
like platform trainers ever I see people
wearing them and I think they look so
cool but I just have never bought any
until I saw these they're not even
trainers they're like shoes how freaking
cool are these
I love them they were only 30 pounds as
well so yeah I picked these up I think
these would go great with this outfit
just they end I hope I actually get some
use out of them though I hope I don't
like get a little scared to wear them
because they are a tiny bit out of my
comfort zone I don't do heels and I love
like shoes and trainers yeah this for me
is kind of a combination of the two so I
don't know how I feel about them but I
just think they look so cool
I bought some head scarves slash scarves
to tie around your neck I've seen so
many people wearing like plain
purrs or you know the plain white jumper
that I had maybe with some dungarees and
then these tied around the neck and it
just looks so nice oh I bought some more
shoes
I don't normally buy shoes from Zara but
I was quite impressed with their shoe
choice these are leather loafers type
things I just wanted some very plain
slip-on nice smart ish shoes to wear
with the kind of types of trousers I've
been really enjoying wearing which is
like the yellow ones I've got pins and
needles in my foot and I just really
liked the look of these with the big
gold chain on I thought they were really
nice I then also got this bag which
actually I am very late to the party
with the whole like Hessian style bags I
am aware of that I just wanted to make
sure it was gonna be a thing that was
around for a while you know so I picked
up this one from Zara it has wooden
handles which I absolutely love but it
also has a long strap so you can put it
over your shoulder and it has this
really nice somewhat squashed tassel I
tell you why I got this one I like the
size of this some of them I've seen a
very small and some of them I've seen a
huge which I think if you're going like
shopping you can use it as like a
shopper if you're going for a huge one
which I'm pretty sure I did order
actually I did order a huge one and it's
not here but I like this size because
it's a really good in-between size and I
thought this would be great for housing
all my things so yeah got that as well I
am ready for summer oh how cute with
this outfit baby you've got the jumpsuit
the bag and the spotty shoes I love that
I'm sure going to dress with those so
yes there are a lot of things in here
that I'm really chuffed with a few that
I will probably send back as you may
have seen that is my little kind of
in-between sprit winter and spring pull
I really hope you liked it I'm gonna
take this off now because I'm boiling
hot I'm filming in my conservatory again
today and I said to Alfea before I
started filming I was like I feel like I
need sunglasses filming this I've
probably been like this a whole video
like for one of my next videos I really
want to do a Q&A because I haven't done
one of those in so long and I absolutely
love sitting down and like getting to
answer loads of your questions and
feeling like I'm interacting on a
slightly more personal level so if you
have any questions at all that you would
love me to answer please leave them in
the comments of this video or go over to
my most recent Instagram and leave your
questions there for me I would
absolutely love to select some of the
best ones and answer them in next
Monday's video I really hope you guys
enjoyed this video make sure to give it
a thumbs up if you haven't already I
know that so many of you are so lovely
and you do do it anyway but just as a
reminder and don't forget to press the
bell to be notified press subscribe if
you want to subscribe to my channel and
remember to go on over to my vlogging
channel if you want to see me combining
any of these things and putting some
outfits together because that is where I
will most likely be wearing them and
also I will of course leave links to
everything that I can in the description
box so that you can go over and check
them out yourself and I'll see you next
week with another video bye guys
