hello everybody it is time for another
monthly favorites Wow say woah Nullah
it's finally September and also can we
just take a moment to appreciate the
fact that these fairy lights are back up
on my wall behind the bed oh my god
guys it felt so weird to be filming
videos in here and not having those very
lights behind the bed I was like it
looks boring it looks rubbish I'm
feeling much better about it now the
lights are back I'm happy well I'm not
happy with those the fact that all these
cushions seem to be like on this side of
the bed I just need to just sort that
out okay
happy with that you wanna come up this
really is like being in the old house
got a doggie he refuses to not be in the
video sit down what's my plan so the
first thing I am gonna share with you
because I think Nana's gonna eat it it's
this house plant I know it seems a bit
weird to put a house plant in my
favorites it's that weird
I don't know but every time I look at
this plant it gives me so much joy I had
to share it annoyingly I can't actually
tell you what this is I know this will
be a lot of you that do know so if you
do leave it in the comments so that
other people know but I currently have
this sitting on my dining room table and
I just flippin love it it needs a name
actually so if any of you have a name
for this plant then do let me know tweet
me leave a comment on my Instagram or
you know leave a comment in this video
giving my little plant a name I have a
lot of houseplants in this house but
this one I seem to have like a special
attachment to and would be most sad if I
wasn't able to keep this alive
so if I've done a pretty good job I've
had it for about a month
and it's still going strong but you know
what it kind of reminds me of like is it
90s when they had like the braided kind
of long kind of floppy hair yeah it kind
of reminds me of that but i abso
actually love it and it is bringing me
so much joy every time I see it so I had
to put it in my favorites quite a few of
these things in the Beauty category you
may have already seen in my peer box
video but obviously since I filmed that
I have been testing out a lot of this
stuff so a couple of the bits will have
been featured in that just means I've
been loving them first one is the Urban
Decay Naked heat palette I mean I knew I
would love this anyway so it shouldn't
really come as a shock to any of you oh
I peeled the plastic off this I have
appeared the plastic of the mirror okay
you can all join me in the satisfaction
of peeling off oh I wonder if there's
like a community of youtubers that just
do satisfying things like peeling
stickers of things
there must be there's like there's a
channel for everything these days these
colors are all beautiful as you can see
absolutely love all of them I can't wait
to take these on holiday with me colors
everywhere mostly our dirty talk
scorched cayenne and Fuego ashes and
ylim lumber lombre those are the cuts
are basically half a pallet there's so
many different looks you can do with it
I do think it would be perfect for
autumn and yeah I really love this
palette I'm so glad they decided to do a
palette like this because those sorts of
colors were always the ones I was most
drawn to in any of the other palettes
anyway so loving that the next thing I
have been loving is the k'kaw Beauty
powder contour kit I've been using this
every day since I received it and I
really really like it I don't use it so
much for the highlighter colors because
you will see what I have been using but
the contour shade here is absolutely
perfect for my skin tone and it's so
pigmented and it blends so beautifully
and glides on and lasts really well and
I've just been really really enjoying it
I love how epically massive the mirror
is in this as well because it actually
is very very useful for my eyes I have
been using these
who together these are both by the brand
Smith and Colt so I buy these on Colt
beauty don't lik disgustin wants to hear
that you really pick your moments Nullah
and I know for a fact I have mentioned
this in a favorites video somewhere
along the line and it's the lash danced
mascara this mascara is so flippin good
if you don't like thick clumpy looking
lashes which I know sounds weird because
it sounds like no one should like that
but I actually do like that I like a
mascara that is really thick and with
one coat you can run out the door and it
looks like you've spent ages doing lots
of different coats I like a mascara like
that takes less time for the same kind
of outcome so the Smith and Colt lash
dance has been a favorite of mine for
probably over a year now and I really
really love it that and my Maybelline
lash sensational
I'd go between pretty often so I've been
loving that but with it I have also been
using the liquid liner so this is the
smithing cult B line eye pen and along
with the Stila waterproof one which I
also absolutely love I don't have right
now this is just amazing like it lasts
really well it goes on lovely it's thick
it's dark like the actual color comes
out really well and it's just a really
really nice eyeliner so I've kind of
brought back the cat flick that I had no
time for during summer and moving house
so I'm quite happy about it I thought
you wanted to come in here and sleep
it's not playtime this is technically a
blush and a highlighter but I had to
mention it because I am obsessed with
this product in fact I think this is my
favorite product she has ever ever
released and it is the Tanya burr
cosmetics illuminating powder in peonies
please Tanya sent this to me and I first
started using it about three or four
weeks ago and I I am obsessed with it so
he's a bit of a story
I don't know if she's mentioned this in
any of her videos and I don't know
whether it's like me that has completely
inspired this product cuz I don't want
to be that big-headed about it but ages
and ages and ages ago there was a blush
by Estee Lauder called tease and it was
my absolute favorite blush in fact I'm
not gonna lie I've still got it I'm too
scared to use it because I don't have
much of it left and they haven't brought
her another one so went on started up
her makeup range I said to her oh my god
please create a product that is like
Estee Lauder tease that I can use so I
don't have to like use up a tease and
when I text her saying oh my god this
product is absolutely freaking amazing
she said I did it because you said you
wanted one that was like teased now it's
like oh my god I feel like Tarn has
literally created a product specifically
just for me which obviously isn't the
case because she wants everyone else to
enjoy it and she's made multiple sure
that just make one but I just thought
that was so flippin cool and also just
like I'm so happy that I have a product
that's like teased and I absolutely love
it I've been wearing this every single
day since I've got it it gives a really
beautiful subtle pinky glow that is kind
of the way I would describe it is like
it looks kind of healthy it looks like a
healthy shine because it has that pink
in it and I absolutely love it so I use
this in place of a highlight and the
blush so it's kind of like my kind of
all-in-one and I just I'm obsessed with
it it's my favorite thing she has ever
ever ever brought out a lot of you have
noticed in my vlogs that I've been
wearing a certain like new dark nude
color and that color is this this is the
Coco by Kylie cosmetics matte liquid
lipstick in the shade bunny I love this
I love the Kylie Jenner lip kits I think
they're amazing my favorite formula is
the matte shades
I just think matte lips look better on
me I don't have anything against like
gloss or what's the other kind it's like
sat in like a satiny finish nothing
against those but I just think mat suits
me better I feel more comfortable in a
matte shade I don't feel like it's gonna
smear all over my teeth like once it's
on I feel really kind of confident and
like settled with the fact that it's
there to stay for a really good while
and you know I love my nudes so this is
a nude that I have been reaching for
pretty much every day that I am wearing
a nude and I really really like it
next up is actually one of my own
products but I can't tell you how
obsessed I've been with this for like
the last three months obviously now I am
allowed to share this with you and I
have talked about this over on my second
channel but my beauty gifting range this
year is snow Ella and it is a very fresh
crisp kind of smell like it's basically
how I would describe my perfect scent
and it was a scent that took a really
really long time to perfect in fact it
is the hardest thing I've ever had to do
and it took a long time but with that I
think this is my favorite scent that I
have ever ever released I am just
obsessed with it I basically spray it on
myself all day everyday I know it might
sound lame because it's my own product
but I genuinely am obsessed with this
smell and this fragrance and just
everything about this this and the other
things in the beauty range will be
launching in super drugstores a little
bit later on this month although I do
think there are a few online for any
early birds the next two products were
also in my p.o box haul and I was really
really excited to try these it's the
shampoo and conditioner by the brand
Windell and moody and I think you can
get these in Space NK I've used these
about four times already I don't wash my
hair every day so four times it's over
quite a large span it's not like I've
washed use these for four days and gone
these are going in my faves
they are the ultra nourishing treatment
shampoo and conditioner with white tea
and monoi oil monoi oil I'm going
I'm annoyed and I love this so as I was
saying in my other favorites video when
I was talking about the L'Oreal shampoo
my hair felt very dry and I still use
that shampoo and I still love it and I'm
using like other shampoos and I used
fees and again it just gave my hair like
that instant like boost of D frizz and I
really really like them another thing I
really like about these are the scent
it's a very different scent it's it's
like a little bit floral and very light
and a bit fresh and every now and then
when I like move my hair or like go to
tie my hair up I can smell it and it's
just really nice it's very subtle left
my hair feeling absolutely incredible so
if any of you are looking for something
for like a bit more moisture or your
hairs a bit like dry or you color your
hair then check these out rigored moving
on to random things Marc recently went
away on a cruise and he came back with
this this is the Bath & Body Works
leaves candle this is actually the one
for this year and I really I do actually
quite like this this is very autumnal
and it gives me all the autumn feels and
these just like autumn stock images but
it's so funny I've probably spoken not
as snoring behind me babes
that's like you know the time in a place
I've probably talked about this candle a
lot although when I went to pick this up
I was like I don't know if people know
this is my favorite one of all the Bath
and Body Works candles ever ever ever
this is my favorite leaves is my
favorite if anyone said to me what does
autumn smell like to you I would say
leaves and here in the UK we've had some
pretty like miserable cozy or terminal
days and I've lit this and it just
smells so good and it's made me so happy
to have this candle lit and even unlit
people walk in and they're like oh god
what's that smell and like it's this
candle so yeah leaves bloody lover this
is a clothing item but again it's
brought me a lot of joy this month and
it is this jumper
from Zara this is a big oversized cozy
soft jumper with giant multicolored
pom-poms on it all the way around it all
over it I like a gimmicky jumper hence
why have this one with a massive tiger
on it I really like it gimmicky jumper I
had that Easter one with all the
multicolored pom-poms on like my jumper
collection is something that I'm
actually quite proud of adding this to
my collection
just made me so incredibly happy and
this it's a lovely fit it wasn't too
expensive it's from Zara by the way did
I say that it's from Zara and every time
I worn it I've had compliments on it and
people asking me where it's from and
yeah I just love it FYI
there is a lot of great things in Sarah
and my men sorry in advance so I was
with a couple of the people that I
worked with earlier and I was like oh I
must remember in my September favorites
to put fried onions and they were just
like what it was just one of those
moments where I realize how weird I am
and how random my favourites are but
guys
fried onions I discovered fried onions
and I mean like they've already not like
fried onions like fresh fried onions on
a saucepan like these have been fried a
long time ago they're like crispy crispy
onions tiny tiny little crumby crispy
onions so I discovered these because
Alfie really likes Waitrose sushi and
there's a type of wait true sushi called
crunchy salmon roll and it is a salmon
roll
rolled in crunchy onions and I tried it
and I don't really like sushi but I was
like I'll try it and I realized that the
only part I actually liked of the sushi
was the crunchy onions
so whenever alfie would have sushi I
would eat all the klephts over crunchy
onions that he would leave in like the
little dish then when we were on another
shopping trip and Waitrose I realize
they sell the onions that are on the
sushi in their own little pot so these
are all gone because I put them on
everything
I'm telling mom I left four crunchy
fried and I scared you because you say
you stole my sushi I did anyway fried
onions these can go on anything I've
finished these but thankfully poppy and
Shawn brought us these back when they
got back of holiday this was the
president then poppy DeSean brought us
back because they knew we would like it
so Alfie things we put fried onions on
go well normal people ie me sushi Zoey I
think a lot of people will put fried
onions on sushi yeah baked beans on
toast baked beans on time Ariel no not
safe house Hastur jacket potato baby no
baby girl there's a few things are we
just mix in a sandwich you know what
have you told them enchiladas ah no
let's tell them we discovered don't want
to tell them because then they're gonna
sell out another supermarket no it's
fine we've got this this will last us a
while so me and I'll be also discovered
tiny little cocktail sausages bite at
the end dip it in ketchup tomato sauce
then you dip it in some crispy onions
then you bite it and it tastes like like
um like a cheap hot dog like the ones
you can get from like stores in like car
boot sales and things agree just taste
that basically guys you can put these on
every meal anyway I feel like I'd be
talking about these longer than any
other thing in my favourites I need to
stop and the last thing this I feel like
my favourites recently I've taken my
weirdness to a whole other level and I
feel like none of you are gonna carry on
watching me or my videos if I continue
down this path of being very honest
about the things I've been enjoying
anyway this isn't news isn't innovative
I didn't invent this but melted
marshmallows
between digestive biscuits and I
actually have one to show you because I
made loads last night
someone just left this on the side and I
just found it when I was downstairs well
perfect have you showing them in my
favorites video take a digestive plane
or with chocolate if you want to go for
like the s'mores effect you melt a
marshmallow in the microwave for about
10 to 15 seconds on a high heat you then
place another digestive biscuit on top
and you make a melty marshmallow
digestive delicious snack not healthy in
the slightest but delicious and I think
if you consume these within reason it's
fine I have yet to try it with a
chocolate digestive but I feel like that
would just be like delicious because it
would be like a s'more and the chocolate
would melt a little bit so I am gonna
try that but I think it's it might be
like the cozy kind of all terminal
weather that's made me crave this but
I'm really doing that this actually is
one thing you can't really put crispy
onions on okay that is everything I've
been loving this month I really hope you
guys have enjoyed this video as always I
would love to know what you have been
loving so make sure to leave a comment
letting me and anyone else reading the
comments now make sure to tweet me and
or even tag me on a picture on Instagram
take a little picture of everything
you've been loving and tag me because I
really like I like sharing in there like
things we all love joy give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see you again very very soon bye am I
gonna hold the crispy onions up for my
thumb now
