all right laughs this is gonna be quite
a casual chat today I just want to talk
through some of my favorites I would say
this is my monthly favourites for July
but this is the middle of August now and
some of these things are August
favorites
side note number one I guess the day
before yesterday I decided to have some
blonde streaks put through my fringe I
was feeling very adventurous and I was
like yeah let's do it
I got home besides I didn't like it
yesterday I got it changed back just
thought I'd tell you that second side
note is this not the most amazing
bouquet slash a bunch of flowers you
have ever seen thank you to sue Eva Tsui
Eva
thanks to so weebs oh my gosh I can't
say zoeva for sending me those that was
really sweet um and they are honestly
the most amazing bunch of flowers I've
ever seen in a reader I want them to die
bit depressing sad note before I from
this video I was trying to color some of
my hair and I burnt the side of my face
with my curling wand so be very careful
because they get real hot and if you
point it towards your face you will burn
it there are lots of random things in
this favourites video so I'll start with
the beauty as some of you may know I
have had quite the challenge with my
skin over the past like six months it's
been really testing me I'm still not
sure what it is that's making me break
out a lot more on my chin it's normally
hormonal but recently it has been a lot
worse and constantly not just at one
particular time of the month I think
it's the fact that the fan is
circulating this kind of regurgitated
air around the room every night and when
I went on holiday and we didn't have the
fan although we did have air
conditioning and that was fine my skin
cleared up and it's actually been ok and
I've not been using the fan but oh my
god this was like the most long-winded
story all I wanted to say to you is that
since my skin has been so bad I've been
using the origins super spot remover
which I have mentioned in favourites in
2012 I believe this has just been a
staple for me and I used up my last one
and I just forgot to pick up
another one I mean it's not something
that stands out on your dressing table
like here I am is actually in fact very
small and easy to lose which I have done
multiple times already um but I just
forgot how amazing this was I actually
think that there is a blog post on my
blog about this just kind of like a
little review um but it is amazing if
you have a big spot or maybe there
really saw ones that just sit underneath
the skin I tend to be having a lot of
those at the moment this works wonders
its origins so it's not super cheap but
I can honestly tell you even though this
is a small bottle this lasts so long
because all you do is dab the tiniest
bit just on your spots you don't put it
over your whole face so yeah really
recommend that if you are having some
little troublesome pesky blighters on
your face so this got sent to my PO Box
from Too Faced and it is one of their
new mascaras um I kind of hoped I
wouldn't like it because when I saw what
it was called I was like oh well I hope
I'll never have to talk about that in a
favorites
turns out I freaking love it it's an
amazing formula an amazing brush and it
works so well
it's the Too Faced better than sex
mascara I'm going to pretend it's not
called this in my head I'm going to say
better than chocolate this is most
definitely better than chocolate um if
you like mascara if you're a guy you
like chocolate then no um regardless of
the name this mascara is awesome I have
also been using the wire sell shocking
mascara although I actually prefer this
over that so that's saying something
very nice amazing on the eyelashes last
a really long time no smudging my lashes
look really long and full and I have it
on today I don't know if you can even
really tell but yeah super duper duper
but I the name the name yeah next thing
is something I took away on holiday with
me I went to roads in Greece not too
long ago
and I took obviously lots of SPS
suncream body blow dryer but I do think
that an after Sun is also very important
just to make sure you don't peel and to
keep your skin maintaining moisture etc
etc and also if you've gone out there to
get a little bit of a tan then
moisturizing will obviously help to
maintain the tan
so the one I bought was from Phil unique
and it's the Institute s the derm and it
is the tan enhancing lotion which calms
moisturizes and prolonged the tan for
your body I also bought the Sun the
tanning cream for this as well and that
was also amazing the only downside to
that was that you had to reapply it
every time you went in the water and
every time you went in the sea and I
much prefer something that's going to
last me at least half the day if I'm in
and out of water especially if you're
going away on a relaxing holiday where
you've got the pool one side of you and
the sea the other side and it's very hot
so you need to keep cooling down but I
really hate applying SPF multiple
multiple times of the day might just be
because I'm lazy it is important to do
it obviously and I did do it
it was just that sometimes you'd kind of
be like halfway through I don't know a
book or you want to be scrolling on your
phone trying to select a bit of music
and you've just kind of got sticky SPF
hands so I took that although I'm not
sure I would recommend that yeah I don't
know I'm not sure but this this is
amazing this is the after Sun so you pop
this on in the evenings I would always
take a shower in the evening and then
put this on before going out for the
evening for our meal and I can honestly
say my skin has never felt more like
silk it soaks in so easily and it just I
just couldn't get over how my skin felt
it just felt amazing and as it was
really hot I didn't want there to be
kind of a sticky residue left because
you know I was already hot and sticky so
yeah I just I love this again it is a
bit pricey Institute esterdome is not
the cheapest brand but if you're looking
for something that kind of goes that
kind of extra mile after you've been on
your holiday or you do want to keep your
tan for a bit longer then I
definitely recommend checking that out
something else I took on holiday that I
have been absolutely loving is a ghost
perfume looks like this it's like a
little sunset sun moon hello oh yeah hi
it says a tangling explosion of fruit
notes combined with delicate touches of
amber and musk make the perfect scent
for carefree summer days so I took this
on holiday with me because I wanted I
don't know if any of you have this but
you like to take a new perfume away on
holiday with you because then when you
spray it when you get back your like
holiday memories it's why I think a lot
of people buy a sense of duty free
before they go away but this now is
definitely my summer scent my summer
holiday scent and I am going on holiday
at the end of this month with some
friends who you may know of and I'm
going to take this with me
so it can continue to be my holiday
scent okay so random favorites I'm going
to offer something really sad as most of
you may or may not know Robin Williams
who was one of my favorite actors
especially through my childhood sadly
passed away really recently so I've been
like reminiscing over some of my
favorite films starring him and so I
wanted to share with you two of my
favorites just as kind of like a little
tribute to Robin Williams because he
will be massively missed he was one of
those actors that in my mind I just
never ever wanted to leave the earth
ever because he's just amazing my
favorite film with him in is actually
hook used to be a little bit terrified
of this when I was younger but it is
just one of is actually up there with
one of my favorite all-time films
regardless of whether he's in it or not
it's just it's amazing second favorite
is mrs. Doubtfire definitely one of the
best Robin Williams films ever I just
it's amazing and so if you are up for
watching some of the films with him in
or you want to have like a kind of Robin
Williams tribute day with your friends
definitely include these two films in
there if you want to have a giggle yeah
amazing this next thing is
quite random but I know that probably
about 90% of the people watching this
video will be wearing one right now and
it is bras I'm not going to show you my
bras for too long because I feel like
that could be classed as inappropriate
even though they are an everyday staple
for most people um so I'm just going to
quickly say whilst I've got them in my
hand these are new I've not worn them
yet they are from Gossard and them
yeah Gossard bras but have basically
been a lifesaver if you have an awkward
size bust or you find it really
difficult to find your size most shops
are sold out maybe you feel like they're
kind of ill-fitting they're not quite as
comfortable as you think they should be
please try these bras out they are
incredible they're not the prettiest you
know they're pretty standard but I
always kind of wear standard browser
anyway but they are definitely the
comfiest and they have my size which for
me is amazing because it's not really a
standard high street kind of average
size so I went on I think I bought five
one of them were six pounds in the sale
which is a bargain I've got one on now
even I've just been living in them they
don't have wires in um which I find are
great for support but not necessarily
the most comfy and also the bands are
really kind of wide and secure and you
can also get ones that you can take the
straps off so they can be strapless can
get t-shirt bras push-up browsers every
kind of thing that you could ever want
nude bras black bras white bras that
it's I just have found it amazing and
I've pretty much lived in them for the
past month and a half so if you are
finding it difficult to buy over the
shoulder Boulder holders
then yeah check out Gossard they sell on
a sauce which is where I bought a few of
them and they also have their own
website which I also went on to when I
realized that they have my size on ASOS
I was like stuff this I'm going straight
so um but yeah just throwing that out
there as a random favorite we don't need
to talk about boobs or anything I don't
need to show you what they look like on
but I am telling you now they are super
comfy and have a huge range of sizes so
good luck with that if you are having
boobie troubles the next thing is a
pudding
um I did say in one of alfea's vlogs I
think that I was going to put these in
my favorites and I'm glad I've got one
actually they are called great taste no
they're not pots and co okay so I bought
these from Waitrose I every time I go
there I pick up more they're usually two
four three pounds and they're called
pots and Co desserts and you can find
them in like the yogurt / dessert
section of Waitrose and they have a
variety of amazing flavors one of which
is chocolate salted caramel my fave
another that I absolutely love which
could possibly be beating that by a tiny
bit is the chocolate and orange pot now
these little parts sleeking his little
parts are actually china um I have and
I'm not exaggerating here a large amount
of these because once you've eaten the
pudding that's obviously inside you can
keep this as like a little um oh my
goodness what's it called ramekin that's
it I remembered it oh just as I opened
it up and it says ramekin inside it oh
boy oh no I'm get honor getting
chocolate everywhere I was a silly idea
they're just amazing like the perfect
like dessert treat and I'm much more of
a cold dessert person than a warm
dessert person so that's good then
music-wise
shush H I have been loving TRX ye-e-ep
by it my amazingly talented friend Troye
Sivan I'm sure most of you have heard of
him before make sure to check out a link
I'll leave it in the description box
where you can download his EP and also a
link to his channel so you can see what
he's all about if you don't already know
but he has just released his first EP it
has his first single happy little pill
on it and also Fault in Our Stars remix
which he has previously released which
is amazing um I just love it I love
gasoline I think that's my favorite song
as well as all the others to be honest I
am majorly biased but but it is so good
um and I'm right behind you Troy I think
it's brilliant and I love how all of you
who are watching that support Troy like
all come together and it's just it's
really nice it's really really nice to
see and it makes me so happy that my
friend is is doing so well I think like
his EP is like number one in I don't
even want to try and guess but I'm
pretty sure it's like over 40 countries
so Troy if you're watching this I love
you and keep making eby's forever
another EP that I love is I think if
you've been watching my channel for a
while you will have heard me mention her
before but it's Becky CJ and she has a
new EP out and it's called if this is
love it has four songs on it I think yes
and I love every single one my favorite
however is me and you which I just are
obsessed with like I listen to it on
repeat all the way to North Hampton
which is two and a half hours I wish I
could tell you I was joking but I'm not
no did I genuinely did listen to the
same song for two and half hours that is
how much I love your music Becky another
thing which haven't actually written
down but I want to talk about is my
anxiety has been kind of playing up
recently um I had a panic attack on an
airplane which was not fun at all I've
managed to steer clear of those for a
very long time I've had
in the airport before getting on the
plane but not actually mid-flight um so
something that I did have on my iPhone I
have a lot of these kind of apps but it
was one I hadn't really listened to
properly and it's called relax light
I've actually paid for the full version
now because it was so good but it's
basically a 25-minute kind of meditation
and kind of relaxes you and it is a
guy's voice which I never thought would
be relaxing because usually it's a
woman's voice and tapes like this I do
listen to quite a few but this one is
probably my favorite like not only does
it help to calm you down he goes through
different relaxation techniques
different meditation techniques ways of
making you relax every part of your body
he also says really motivational things
and reminds you that you know you are
strong enough to overcome it which is
something that a lot of the other things
I've ever listened to to help me try and
calm down haven't really offered it just
kind of helped you do the relaxation
techniques but not giving you any like
words and make you think yeah I can do
this like really motivational speaking
and because it's a really long session
it's 25 minutes whereas again most the
others that I've listened to her around
like ten minutes max I found it super
useful I listen to it on the plane and
I've listened to it a couple of times
afterwards as well just when I felt
quite panicky or if I feel very anxious
I want to try and prevent myself from
feeling worse I was on a train to London
quite recently and I was with a friend
and I was like I'm really sorry I just
had to put my headphones in and kind of
zone out because I'm feeling quite
anxious whipped on my headphones on the
train and it got me all the way to
London so whoever that man is he's the
same but I just thought I would add that
in as a little extra because I found it
really helpful when I know that you guys
might find a helpful too and it's free
so that is an awesome thing yes that is
Evan Peters as my background
gosh okay this has been a really long
and rambly video so I do apologize for
that but I hope you enjoyed it I
actually loved filming videos like this
I just kind of feel like I'm i sat here
chatting with my friends I just wish you
were here with me sharing me sharing me
sharing with me your favorites give it a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
speak to you all again very very soon
bye - I do any better than that but
happy little bear take me away oh spider
or whistling huh oh my goodness I think
my whole video has been out of focus
no I think because they're here oh no
