I am good Justin held my own hair hello
everyone today I am going to attempt to
show you how I have done this Katniss
Everdeen inspired hairstyle this is the
hairstyle that she had in the arena and
I have wanted to recreate this ever
since I had a huge obsession with the
Hunger Games and now I am anticipating
Leigh waiting for the next one to come
out in November but I did always want to
try and recreate her really cool braids
that she had so this is just my take on
it and I hope you enjoyed the video the
first thing that you will going to want
to do is have two day old hair that
means that you haven't washed it for two
days or you washed it the day before so
two days ago
I washed my hair and I used the Toni &
Guy nourish conditioner for damaged hair
I don't necessarily know if I have
damaged hair but I do have blonde on the
tips and obviously that is a way of
damaging your hair bleach is not the
nicest thing and either as heat and I do
both of those things every now and then
I think it's quite nice to use a shampoo
and a conditioner that's aimed towards
damaged heads just to help nourish and
add a little bit of moisture before I
blow dried my hair I added two or three
pumps of this on the ends of my hair
this is the resume oil elixir for
color-treated hair
it has macadamia oil and it has
grapeseed oil and it smells amazing I'm
really loving hair oils at the moment I
love the Dove ones I love this one just
kind of helps to maintain the hair makes
it a little bit more manageable and also
helps to maintain any frizz that you
might have after you blow dried your
hair then I'm kind of just left it put
it up in a ponytail it just looks like
this today
so it actually does look quite shiny on
the ends if you care to notice as you
notice through the film her hair is in a
Dutch braid that starts off here and
carries on down here into a normal plat
now I am
definitely not an expert in Platts at
all so I'm just kind of gonna give this
a try and hope for the best and I hope
that you guys can follow along in order
to get that kind of added texture I'm
gonna curl my hair with some
straighteners just so it looks a little
bit more messy and unkept and just a
little less neat I mean I think the last
thing Katniss was kind of aware of was
how neat her hair looked before she went
into the arena although it did look very
neat so props to you Katniss okay I'm
now I'm just gonna add curls with a
straightener
you don't have to be too precise with
the curls as obviously overly putting it
into the braid but it's just about
giving the hair a little bit more
texture and a bit more movement but now
that you can see I have curled my hair
just giving it a bit more texture with
the straighteners I'm just going to
quickly go over it with some vo5
stronghold weather resistant hair spray
just to the cove stay in place a little
bit and now it's time to braid this is
now the part where I attempt to show you
how I have done this as you can see my
curls have dropped which tends to happen
as I have a really long hair and you
want to take three sections from the top
of your head and the thing about a Dutch
braid is as you can see you braid
underneath instead of on top so taking
bits of hair from the bottom and going
underneath into the middle and then
doing the same thing but taking pieces
of hair from the top as well and going
underneath and you just want to do this
all the way down your head now I know
that in the film Katniss tends to wears
hers a lot more diagonally across her
head but I took mine down lower because
let's be honest I'm not that great at it
but I'm sure that with a bit of practice
you guys can do the same thing so again
I'm just taking bits from underneath and
then taking them under and into the
middle which is the opposite of a French
braid and then I'm doing the same but
taking bits from the top and going
underneath and I'm just following round
the back of my neck on my head
this is the part where it kind of tends
to get a bit more tricky so once you
sort of get to that middle section you
want to kind of change your hands in
order to bring the braid sort of back
round to the front which sounds easy but
that for me was definitely the hardest
part and just making sure that
everything was kind of in its place
with any little bits of hair that been
left out give them a little twist and
then add it in to their braid as you
then just braid down normally as you
would with just a general plat as you
can see mine is quite messy but at that
that's definitely the look I was going
for because it's the hunk games it's
it's not pageant I'm saying this like
I'm actually going into the Hunger Games
I'm not then you just want to secure the
end of the braid and I just put a little
pin in the front just to make sure that
a little bit of twisted hair stayed put
and then just straighten some little
bits of front put the curls back and
you're pretty much done okay so once you
have something a little like this I
understand this will take practice try
it on your friends and first if you want
to and it's the heart I think the
hardest bit for me personally is
changing your hands and the direction of
the way you're doing the plat and
obviously remembering that it's a Dutch
braid so you go underneath instead of
over into the middle so this is just my
interpretation I'm not saying that this
is exactly how she did it but I think
I've done an okay job considering um I'm
quite quite like it actually there's my
last thing that you're going to want to
do is just secure it in place with a
little bit more hairspray same one as I
used earlier
now you're ready to win the Hunger Games
whoa I'm gonna run to the center and
grab hairspray
hit or if you use a backcomb brush I'm
going on a complete tangent if you're
gonna measure you the backcomb brush you
could maybe stab your enemies or we
don't use any violence and we just do
hair thank you so much for watching guys
I hope this helped you and I hope that
you're able to try and recreate
something like this don't forget to tag
me on instagram which is at zeebo and
also tweet me at Zeebo so I can see your
attempts and if they are better or worse
than mine who cares also if you know any
easy tips or anything else to share with
everyone else to create this a little
bit more easily than do leave them in
the comments below thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and leave other suggestions
for other hairstyles below and I'll try
those also thanks very much for watching
bye
