no you look sick oh hello everybody
today I wants to film a video with our
friend
oh don't start spinning on these Jen
okay
hey guys are today imma say wait boa
night huh today
oh wait where did you start yeah would
even be in my ball sack I'm leaving that
in down today we are going to be doing a
kind of challenge video I want to be
putting up a what was last month July
July favorites today I just wanted to do
something really fun and a little bit
different and what we are going to doing
instead though is testing how well we
know each other and by doing this we're
going to ask each other questions if we
get them wrong we're going to be
smashing more plates we went to bought
and like shit board that's comport know
but that's known as paper plate comport
Blake's we've got five questions each
who's come fast I just need to take this
out of my hair it's your boy get through
it no paper scissors huh
to whoever asks the first question okay
yeah yes yes yes yes um fill the plates
up and you don't say whether the answer
is right or wrong
and then you just stop your way like
this and then I just go then but you
don't have any warning
I'm like I'm like a mini panic all right
this question has two ounces that's fine
yeah we all love no no okay
what was my favorite color when I was
little and what has it changed you now
are you sure for goodness sake I said
this in videos in Australia I know what
your favorite color is now what was it
another little it changed from one to
another
you're cheating
did you get it no my no way we can't be
messing about with the whipped cream can
you at least tell me when to hold my
breath no I think that your favorite
color not when you were younger
come on was blue in that screen while
your hands on your face scared we hunt
in your legs that was part of the game I
was good but hey look color when I was
younger was ready now it's blue yeah how
the hell do you think my favorite color
was Green you always say your favorite
colors green Oh Jim okay that's enough
Tom right
let me up swear my mouth in my unseen by
anyone else films Elm Street
oh my god what is the thing that I sing
about bread yes no that way I know it
was I've I've bit my hands number I know
it was bread you are homeless person
singing about bread yeah so for a lot of
our relationship we've stayed in my
parents house yeah what color was my
bedroom wait I got a member your bedroom
I'm like 90 left can I ring my mom yes I
like mommy
how you doing what color is my bedroom
balls it's like a white no no not today
what kind of our bedroom walls in a
flower family bedroom yeah yeah
they were blue I don't even blue right
not me no you sound like I'm missing
even you've got a good logic what was
the first concert I ever attended I know
that I actually do know this
yeah no no no no I kept doing the videos
can I bring a friend
knowing job no can I ring your dad no um
this is not who wants to be a
millionaire it's not a band it's not
like that bad you enjoy wishing as I
dared and in and in hear me whatever I'm
gonna just say you're gonna go there
Eskom 7 oz of it yes I know I know I
know
wait oh my god I thought I was gonna
drown for like two seconds then
momentarily after I was gone
it's gonna be like yeah somebody there
you very blends in with the wall how
many public YouTube videos have I got on
my pointlessblog just ridiculous selfie
that's fine I'm not gonna let you have I
let your five evil eyes just chill a
within ten why is it take something more
like 240 Oh hundred eighty-seven what is
the name of my current celebrity crush
oh my I don't honestly I don't watch
that program but I say I don't watch
that program everyone watching will be
screaming it as I put it in my favorites
I don't watch that program you can what
you don't watch my favorite he's got
curly blonde light sir very hair and I
like his hair as your iPhone and your
top background I know the same thing who
he is I only get half okay
that's happened make Christian something
what's his name Evan Peters oh that's
the one he didn't it that noise it
sounds like you're pulling oh your wall
that's from your status then you went
too hard I don't live here certify what
was the name of my snake you should know
this dad beaver pee you should know this
begin to the T oh he's an ass
I don't know this green nose visited it
oh my gosh I can't think of it
tell me Odin's cuz I don't want to get
clear only face Shirley sorry I'm sorry
I can't
this is my easiest question as well are
you joking
my name is not Joe again Charlie at my
face I don't know but now I feel so bad
but it feels so good
oh look at them his name was smidge what
month of 2013 did I reach 1 million
subscribers how am I meant to know that
because it's a statistic what I mean
it's a statistic at all my biggest
achievement no hit 5 million yep I gotta
quit 2013 1 million February what what
April oh that was close
not close enough happy little crap at
this but it we didn't know each other
very well to be fair the questions are
really hard silly now you're getting
silly now Alfie used a whole one of them
on my plate when I was around three or
four years old
what was my job ambition I what did I
want to be when I die you mean serious
yeah
I've said it in videos before so unless
you don't watch all my videos and your
bad girlfriend then you should know did
you want to be a dustbin man and pick up
people's dog food yeah
Dustin Martin wasn't is kicking up me
ones did nothing for something damn it
I don't even get it cuz I might have
spit in your hey what was the car the
make and model of the car had before
this one Mitch
mister let some cement Misha BC MIT mmm
I got say it Mitsubishi Colt no that was
it no was that that was in it are you
serious
that was it I got it Roy well done thank
you so much for watching and give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoy your work
what literally you see around it's
disgusting
I can't even see right yeah but some of
that because I feel really sorry for
Alfie having to King this up after this
video and you know I'm really sorry
about my mum's s time to get back to go
and see her stuff not just like okay I'm
I know you want me to do more fun things
like this on my channel leave it in the
comments or if you want to see more
videos with Alfie do let me know we also
filmed a video today on my channel where
we played guess the body part so we were
getting bits and pieces that Zoe poked
my bumhole no I didn't shoot it no
ignition gonna have to click on Alfie
now check the description box to see
that video and yeah we'll see you again
very soon bye
that's your flippin ass crack
