hello everybody it seems almost the
worst timing for me to film this video
as it was a storm today where I live but
as you're watching this I'm actually on
holiday in Greece so it's a real
conflict of the weather but wherever you
are I hope it's a nice day hmm
although I am NOT a huge festival goer
myself I have had quite a few requests
to do my take on a festival look and
also to show some of the bare
necessities that I would take with me if
it was just for a festival in the day or
maybe us day method the whole weekend so
I thought I would do this video for you
just to give you a little bit of an idea
of what I would do if if I was to spend
the weekend in a field campaign as a
festival whoa they're just not really my
thing
I so wish they were because they're so
cool and there's always so much amazing
music and you know what if I'm honest
it's the lose its blues that really put
me off any tips to get around that let
me know in the comments and I might
think about it before the festivals end
besides that I hope that this is helpful
for any of you that might be going to a
festival or even if you're just going
camping as most of you all know I've
been working quite closely with simple
this summer and they have a lot of tips
and advice on skincare and different
festival looks for when you are out and
about
surrounded by mud surrounded by dirt or
if you just want to kind of keep your
skin looking its best then you can head
on over to their skin social which is
over on tumblr I know that a lot of you
have been really keen to get involved
and be a skin intern which is amazing
all the information in the description
box head on over they've got tips advice
everything that you'll need to know
about your skin care how to keep it
looking its best especially when you are
really being tried and tested being
surrounded by mud and dirt Sun is
probably one of the biggest factors it's
so easy to forget even I forget when I'm
outside in my garden having a little
boogie with my headphones on pretending
first of all even if I forget that the
sun is shining and probably burning me
until I go back inside the next day and
my nose is red and crispy so one of the
most important things that you can have
with you when you go camping is a good
moisturizer with SPF make sure it has
SPF my favorite at the moment and one
that I'm going to take away with me on
holiday and one that I would also take
to a festival if it was how the
weather's been recently because it has
been so incredibly hot is this one is a
lock of Tam one and it has an SPF of 30
which i think is awesome I just really
like how thin it is an easy and compact
it is to take with me places slightly
cheaper alternative is obviously the
simple one which I have also been using
this one also has an SPF of 30 but if
you're a bit tight on a budget this one
works wonders as well makeup wise I
would say generally I'd keep it quite
simple a bit of a waterproof mascara
kind of I feel like really if you're
having a lot of fun at a festival you
don't really care too much about what
you look like but maybe on the first day
when you want to make a little bit of
effort and it's like the day where you
take all your photos to go up on
Facebook I've gone for a kind of orange
e shade on the lid and then a bright
blue which I never wear on my eyes
underneath on my eyeline and then I've
kept the rest kind of simple I just
wanted to really accentuate my eyes um
so I will show you how I did that now
for my hair again I was going to make
this quite girly and floral and then I
was like do you know what I think I'd
save that for when my hair started to
get a bit more greasy I'd like to shove
it up in a bun and then put flowers
around it to cover up the grease um so I
thought instead I would just do I use a
bit sea salt spray just to give it a bit
more texture and I just put tiny little
plaques put half of it up here because
um I like to have my hair out of my face
but I also still like to have the length
which is why I kind of have half-up
half-down I don't know not everyone
likes this kind of style but I thought
I'd make it a little bit more
interesting by adding little random plat
so I've got like two under here one here
one there I've got four in total or
around my entire head and obviously you
can just keep topping up with sea salt
spray and just kind of having a bit fun
with it but also it was so quick and
easy to do and I kind of feel like
that's the sort of hairstyles that
you're going to want to use whilst
you're camping we want to do is go and
watch music and have fun the last thing
you want to do is think about things
like your hair so um I just thought
quick things to do this was super quick
I actually I really like it I think I
might just do this on a day to day basis
um but yeah I'll show you how I did that
you
without fit it kind of depends on the
weather like majorly normally you know I
know that festivals can be very wet and
disgusting and rainy so in that case you
want wellington boots or I think in
America you call them rain boots so
obviously I'd go for something like that
and then maybe some shorts and quite a
flowy top but because I felt quite like
chic we have like my makeup and my hair
I opted for something slightly different
but also very me
you
so now a few basic things that I think
would be kind of my essentials if I was
going away obviously this depends
drastically on the sort of person you
are
the weather and how long you're going
for but don't forget to leave all your
suggestions for other people in the
description box because I find the
description box one of the most helpful
places to look for other tips because
you guys are really really clever so as
you can see I have some really obvious
things in there like a hat and some
sunglasses and I've also got a few
makeup bits and pieces and I've also put
whites there I think wipes are so
important they help to keep your face
clean and remove your makeup as you
won't have water and I've also thrown in
a disposable camera because there's so
much fun I hope you enjoyed this style
of video let me know if there are any
others that you want me to do similar to
this even if I don't go to it like a
festival with more information on how to
get the festival look and more tips and
advice don't forget to check out the
links in the description box and give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and I'll see you again very soon
