hello everybody and welcome back to my
channel I'm really sorry that I haven't
been posting videos as much as I would
like
everything is just getting very very
busy all of a sudden and you will soon
find out why I've definitely let you in
on some of the secrets over on my second
channel so make sure you are following
me there just to keep up to date if you
want to be you don't have to be it's
okay Louise is just watching me on skype
oh my god this place it's going right up
my ladies section one of my most
requested videos has probably got to be
apart from a house tour or a flat tour
which I don't know that I'm 100%
comfortable in doing just yet is a
makeup collection and storage video but
that I can do now that I have got my
makeup and storage kind of sorted I
think it's how I want it to be I am
happy to be sharing this with you guys
now if you have watched a number of
these then you can skip this part
because this is the disclaimer part if
you've never seen one of these videos
before please carry on watch it
basically being a youtuber and a blogger
for the past to 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
what doesn't work
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2006 years so
as some of you may or may not know I
have been doing my blog and YouTube
videos since 2009 and since I like to
talk about beauty and makeup and
skincare a lot of the things I have in
my collection have been sent from
companies for product review
consideration this means they send it to
me with no agenda I just get to try it
and if I like it then I might mention it
to you guys if I don't then it goes on
to a better place or a less better place
depending on which way you look at it it
also means that a lot of the stuff I
have in my collection are things that
have been sent to me and I have loved
and carried on using or that I have
repurchased many many times and also
since I have been loving makeup and
beauty since the age of about 17 it
means I have been collecting up things
like makeup brushes and
and lots of other little bits and pieces
a lot of people have their hobbies and
interests and things are really
interested in and collecting and it just
so happens that makeup and beauty was
definitely was definitely and is
definitely still one of mine so I'm not
doing this video to show off or brag I
don't know whether my collection is
insanely large or it's actually not as
big as yours
it doesn't matter these are the things
that I really like using that I have in
my collection I probably don't need all
of it in fact I know I don't need all of
it but it makes me happy and um I like
to have it not bragging I'm not showing
off you guys really want to see what's
in my collection and so I am going to
show you and if that means that you make
a few great makeup purchases or it means
that you stay away from things you know
you might not like then I hope I have
helped you um but oh ha ha ha ha
Louise is being inappropriate on skype
right now so I've done this a little bit
differently I've watched a lot of makeup
collection and storage videos and they
can last anywhere between like 20 to 40
minutes and I didn't want you guys to
have to sit and listen to me warbling on
about makeup for 40 minutes so what I
decided to do was to film each section
of my dressing table separately and if
there is a drawer that you're
particularly interested in and
interested and if there is a drawer that
you're particularly interested in seeing
you can click on that drawer and view
just one part of the makeup collection
if that's what you want if you're not
interested in lipgloss don't click the
lipgloss drawer if you're really
interested in seeing what palettes I own
then you can just click to view the
palettes and if you want to see
everything in all the drawers then you
can go ahead and click all of the
drawers I just thought it was a little
bit more fun and a little bit more
interactive and it also meant that you
could be a bit more specific with which
things you wanted to view and you leave
you with an image of my dressing table
now and you guys can get started in
rummaging through my drawers just as you
could if you were here with me now enjoy
the video
hi here's me standing back here with the
tripod so my desk as you can see there
is actually from eBay I can never find
something that I really really liked in
kind of like a retro style i watch
something like this where you could push
the seat underneath it i have drawers
down the sides so you can see here this
store came with it as well and you've
also got the mirror along the back and
so it was basically perfect and I loved
the 60s kind of Art Deco style of the
dresser and it was a complete bargain
and originally I decided that I was
going to paint it in like pastel colors
but I kind of feel like I quite like
leaving it as it is but let me know in
the comments what you think because I am
open to suggestions
I just love it I love it a lot I don't
think I've ever loved a dressing table
as much as I love this one and that
saying some 30 on this side of the
dressing table on the far right is the
Roberts radio do excuse the C girl that
was always inevitable and this is in the
color LeafGreen next to it I've got the
little glass pot of fake flowers which I
got from her on the high street which
was included in my homeowner Hall and
then I've got a tiny little China dish
which I picked up from a car boot sale
for about 10 P I think I just like to
put rings and earrings and things in
that and then I have the dip teak figure
candle I don't think I pronounced that
right I can never get it right but I
love the Sun of that in here and moving
on to the other side I have a mirror
it's quite a big mirror I love when
they're slightly bigger and it also
spins around and you've got like a
magnifying side that's from John Lewis
and then I have my makeup brushes I've
got one for face brushes and I've got
one for smaller eye brushes and they are
from a little shop in Brighton in the
lanes which I can't actually think of
the name of right now but if I remember
I'll put it in the description box and
then next to that I've got this really
super cute little Tyner pot and it has a
little fall on the top and I keep lots
of hair things in there so hair grips
and little clear headbands
and if I'm ever doing my hair here then
it comes in really useful that was
actually given to me by Gabby she's just
so lovely and she knows how much you
love forms okay so some of the brushes
that I have in here some of my favorites
I have got this one which is real
technique and that is just the powder
brush love that one I've also got a lot
of zoeva ones in here here's a zoeva one
this is the one to seven luxe sheer
cheek one of my faves as you can see not
all of them are clean so I do apologize
for that and this one is also as a
weaver and that is the buffer brush love
those I've also got some Mac ones in
here this one is well it's rubbed off I
think it's the 109 or 209 I remember I
think a 109 and that's the contour brush
and I also love this one which is a
zoeva and this is the silk finish brush
which is the 102 and I use these a lot I
think I've got quite a few of these so
yeah then most healthy ones I use a lot
I also love this one too this one is a
zoeva luxe face definer love that one
and coming into the smaller pot now I am
obsessed with these these are really
good for blending in foundation or
concealer around your nose so I've got
the one 110 they're just called face
shape brush it so I get a really good
for quite precise contouring but I like
to use them for concealer and foundation
then I put these ones so this is the
petit crease to three one and I also
have some what's this one the two to
seven soft definer brush
I've got pencil brushes and this is the
Mac Quon also got the map 2 3 9 and the
zoeva version of that which is pretty
much the exact same got a few little
ones that I use for lining my eye with
either gel liner or
pencil or smudging and then this one is
they match 2 to 2 I believe which is
like a really capable of you brush and I
love that for blending our eyes shadow
and what a SWAT apps to 1/7 by map which
that isn't vinegar is that hmm c17 these
are just the ones that I use more than
others um so yeah Russia
