hello everybody so as you all know I am
working with simple to help them create
their skin social which is on tumblr and
it's basically just a place for you guys
to go to get lots of advice and tips on
your skincare so we all know that
skincare plays a massive part in having
great natural-looking skin but another
very important thing which a lot of you
actually pointed out in the comments in
the last video is having quite a healthy
lifestyle now I am in no way a role
model for this my lifestyle definitely
isn't the healthiest I have friends who
are very healthy and they do a lot of
exercise and you can really tell and it
really does benefit their skin but
recently I have been trying a little
harder to make that bit of extra effort
whether that's exercise eating and I've
also been trying to drink a lot more
water so I thought I would share with
you some of the things that you guys can
do in order to get a little bit of a
more healthy lifestyle to help your skin
so I'm just going to touch on a few
things I've been trying to include in my
everyday routine now obviously I cannot
always do this and if you've been
watching my vlogs on my second channel
you all know that I have not been
exercising as much as I should be and
that my routine hasn't been consistent
but now that I'm back and I'm having a
fresh start I'm gonna try and do this as
much as I can
before I get started on showing you
kegels
before I get started on showing you some
of the things that I've tried to
introduce into my lifestyle simple I'm
looking for skin interns which means
that you guys get to create content for
the skin social tumblr page so I will
leave all the information for that below
I think it's just a really great
opportunity if you like to get involved
with these sorts of things sorry see
girls but please shush and yeah details
below and I hope you enjoy so I wake up
in the morning feeling like P Diddy roll
out of bed do something with my hair
usually walk into the bathroom like a
zombie and I will do my teeth
the next thing I will do is wash my face
so at the moment I'm using it these
simple moisturizing face wash which I
just run under the warm water and then
ice comes up on my face
I then go on to my pixie glow tonic
which is a chemical exfoliant and I just
pop that on a cotton pad and wipe that
across my whole face
after that I'm just going to use a
simple moisturizer which has SPF of 30
which I thought was quite high for a
moisturizer I don't often see them that
that high in SPF which are quite liked
especially since I'm going to be doing
things outside today and then just rub
that in so once your morning skincare
routine is done and you're feeling a
little bit more fresh then I think now
would be a good time if you wanted to to
try some gentle exercise now I know it
is quite important to do gentle exercise
and since I left school I definitely
haven't been doing enough of it
where I live I can actually see the
beach and every morning there's people
out there doing yoga and this one what's
this one called
kung fu' martial arts and and it just
makes me feel like I should give it a go
so I decided to borrow alfea's pink yoga
mat don't ask his pink trousers again
don't ask and I went and gave it a go
and I really think that you guys should
do it too I wasn't very good but I
another thing that I really love doing
which a lot of people don't actually
consider exercise I know that I wouldn't
normally is hula hooping I am obsessed
with hula hoops I actually have one I
kind of want more which sounds barbaric
and a little bit weird so I took one
hula hoop out as well and I just had an
amazing time obviously you don't need to
go outside these things you can do
inside too and you don't have to be an
expert at them just give it a go I do
something fun like hula hooping is
something a little bit different and
it's really good for round here shake
your hips a bit there are also so many
other things you can do there's
rollerskating skipping which you can
also do inside I think a lot of the time
when someone hears the word exercise
they kind of have like a mini freak and
think that they have to spend two hours
in a gym and for me personally that
doesn't ever happen and so I much prefer
other things and other ways of doing it
like I've mentioned previously
so once you have obviously done your
gentle exercise worked up a bit of sweat
maybe pulled a few muscles I definitely
did that you know you're gonna want a
shower and feel a little bit more fresh
so I usually shower and then I am
normally very bad at deciding what to
wear so I'll be in and out of my
wardrobe multiple times with multiple
different outfits that all look tragic
you
until I find that one thing that I
actually think looks half decent to
earth the rest of the day the next thing
I will usually do is my hair and makeup
I did opt for a hat but it's quite windy
out and I can't wear that hat when it's
windy because my head is too small so I
decided to go for a ponytail instead
you
another massive part of having a good
skin is obviously the food you eat and
healthy eating now if any of you know me
or you've watched my videos or you've
watched my vlog videos then you'll know
this is the part I majorly suck at I
have tried so hard to be a lot better
with eating recently but I still managed
to be putting things in my trolley that
I shouldn't be putting in there
it's also really important that before
you do something like yoga or
rollerskating or Hulu pain that you have
something nutritious for breakfast for
example I really liked it to have Greek
yogurt with fruit to endure that advert
brilliant
fancy to those farmers I occasionally
have honey with that as well because I
just think it's my all-time favorite
breakfast I also think making a smoothie
is something that is really super easy
you can buy frozen fruit and keep it in
the freezer too so you don't have to
spend so much money on fresh fruit which
I know it can be quite expensive and
also goes up quite quickly so that's one
thing I really like to do and it's also
quite a nice healthy option
another thing which is a huge thing to
me at the moment is I'm trying really
hard to drink a lot more water and now a
lot of people say that water makes a
massive difference to the appearance of
your skin but I can't even tell you how
much I've noticed the difference one of
the snacks I really like at the moment
just as an example is hummus and pita
bread so I can be going about my daily
life just checking you know searching
aware and plying to comments and I quite
like that as a snack
as I personally find this the hardest
part to tackle I wanted to know if any
of you guys have any tips on how you can
make unhealthy snacks become healthy
snacks but not too drastic because I
almost feel like if you try and cut out
really quickly it's just never going to
happen so any ideas or tips or anything
that you guys love to eat as snacks
leave in the comments below because we
can all help each other out in this
aspect also another thing is I've been
trying to make my own pizzas instead of
buying them from the frozen section I've
even bought a basil plant yeah if you're
anything like me then you might spend a
little bit too much time on social media
and then you kind of end up being a bit
of a hermit crab in your own home you
might have even done the yoga or the
skipping in your home which obviously a
lot of you might do because it's a lot
more comfortable to do it at home rather
than in front of strangers in a park so
I think it is quite important to go out
and get a bit of fresh air I really like
to ride my bike I like to go with Alfie
normally although the Sun has just
started coming out here so I've
definitely been trying to get my bike
out as much as possible also the fact
that I have the smallest lift in the
world does make this a little bit more
difficult but I do love to go on a bike
ride along with front knitter see
there's always time you know to stop off
get an ice cream you're allowed treats
every now and then
and also country walks I really enjoy
just going for a walk
seeing places that I've not seen before
driving places and then walking around
and exploring I just make fresh air is
also really really important and it also
clears your head and clears your mind
that is also a really nice transition
into making sure that you have a lot of
me time now I'm a massive fan of having
a pamper night obviously don't do this
every night but I really like to run
myself a bar light some candles and then
do my skincare routine at night
I am using the Emma Hardy cleansing balm
first to remove my makeup
once I've cleanse my face I then go on
to put a face mask on I'm always using
different face masks but today I decided
to use the sanctuary five minutes
thermal detox mask
I then get in the bar and have a bit of
bath time listen to the music once I get
out the bar I then wash off the face
marks then I apply my serum which is a
nestle the serum then for our
moisturizer as I like to something a bit
more hydrating at night I am using the
Clinique Moisture Surge which you guys
obviously know I have been enjoying but
alternatively if you can't afford that
as I know it's a little bit pricey
simple have one which is very similar as
it's just as moisturizing which is the
replenishing rich moisturizer so it
might be worth looking into that if you
can't afford the clinic one after that I
am ready for bed and that is the end of
the day so I hope you enjoyed this style
of video obviously this is all very new
to me and it might be to you too so
don't forget to leave your tips and to
help me out just as much as I'm trying
to help you guys out and also don't
forget to check out the skin social
tumblr page if you want to be a skin
enter and right for them and create
content for them it's a really cool
opportunity and I leave all the
information that below and thumbs up if
you enjoyed the video and I'll see you
again very soon bye
