hello everybody I am going to be doing
my June favorites video today I don't
know why my arms of just lost control of
themselves whoo first thing I have been
loving through June is this this is a
sanctuary deep cleanse facial five
minutes the detox mask this thing is
amazing I have been loving this I'm
always changing up my face masks anyway
because face masks it's just quite a fun
thing to change up and try out and I am
always trying different ones but this is
so good I love it so much I can't say
that it's done miracles to my skin
because I have no idea but it feels
amazing and my skin does look better
afterwards um it it says warming
charcoal treatment for perfectly clean
and purified skin um
you basically cleanse your face remove
your makeup and then you apply a thin
layer of this all over your face and
it's because it's a thermal mask it
heats up now I've had thermal masks
before but nothing has ever compared to
this one this heat this really does heat
up I put it on out for you of the day he
was like my face was like it's burning
typical man over-exaggerating doesn't
feel like it's burning but it does feel
amazing and I have really enjoyed using
this I've been using this like once
maybe twice a week bronzer bronzer wise
like I've had a million bronzers I've
loved um bronzers I have been loving
because I feel like when I go in the Sun
my face gets no Sun but my skin seems to
get a lot of Sun and it's not me showing
up because the light is really bleaching
me out right now but um I seem to have
picked a bit of a tan for I think it was
LA um but my face doesn't have any tan
so I've been having to like really like
bronzed up to kind of match my face to
the rest of my body and I have been
loving this bronzer it's a Clarins
bronzer and it's just so pretty I don't
know if you can see how pretty that is
but it's like I can't even explain to
you what it's like it's beauty
well I don't know how they would have
made this it's a mixture between shimmer
and matte and different shades and I've
just been swirling my brush very
pigmented so do be careful but if you're
like me and you need to completely even
out your face to your body and it is
called splendors food we're slowly
visage I don't know if I said that right
celebrant in compact I love it I have
been reaching for this a lot recently
next thing I have been really loving
using is the Urban Decay's ink for eyes
liquid liner pen felt tip pen kind of
typical eyeliner the reason that I like
this and have been reaching for this
over our liquid liner or felt tip liners
over the past couple of weeks is because
it's waterproof for a start and I don't
know if I properly have hay fever but I
do get watery eyes I think it's like
very very mild hay fever I get watery
eyes sometimes
so waterproof right now is awesome
and I found that really helpful but also
this staying power is just so good like
so much better than anything else
I've used in a really long time and it's
urban decay like I just feel like urban
decay never go wrong they always just
have amazing products and their eye
products especially I think they came
out with a pencil at the same time as
this one and which I haven't used yet
but that is also waterproof and so I'm
excited to give that a try but for now
I've been really liking the older the
old Catholic so I've been using that
loving it definitely recommend this if
you guys are looking for a good quality
eyeliner and it's also really super easy
to use the next thing I have been loving
is this palette which is the Too Faced
natural eyes palette I don't know if
I've already mentioned this before I
think I just used it in a video neutral
eyeshadow collection has a cute little
mirror it basically has three really big
shades this one is nudie silk Teddy in
heaven and in a line it's basically
fashion classic day so they give you
options of how to mix and match the
colors
I actually prefer to completely ignore
that and just go with whichever color I
kind of feel like I want to wear but I
just feel like this palette has every
color that anyone would ever really need
if you need a neutral palette it has
mattes
it has shimmers it has dark Browns it
has a gold shimmer type shimmer a pink
shimmer it's just it's beautiful and I
have been really really loving it the
colors that I like to wear the most are
silk Teddy pusher and cashmere bunny and
so those three have definitely been
favorites from that the last makeup the
item is the body shop all-in-one BB
cream I also took this to LA with me and
on days where I wanted to sort of pop
out but not go too overboard with my
makeup or when I was getting off the
plane or going to the airport where I
kind of wanted to look a little bit more
awake than it actually was but I didn't
want to do a full face of makeup this
was amazing basically adapts to your
skin town town your skin tone
basically adapts to your skin tone which
I'm not too sure I really believe in I
think it does to some extent um but I
also has a number on it so I I think
it's like light medium dark but it
worked
on my skin it left it looking really
healthy really natural-looking and it
comes out as a cream so it doesn't
actually look like you're applying
foundation it looks like you're putting
moisturizer on so you can see the areas
you need to rub it in and then you just
wait like seconds the more you rub it in
the more it sort of disappears into your
skin and I just really really enjoyed it
if you have oily skin though I would be
slightly more careful as this did come
out quite oily in any of my life I just
poked myself in the eye in any of my
like oily a patches so I did have to
powder all up like in my t-zone and
stuff but um I really really recommend
this if you are scared of heavy makeup
or you are just starting out in makeup
or if you're like me sometimes you just
don't really want to do a full face of
makeup you just want to look a little
bit more awake this is perfect to have
with you in your handbag in your makeup
bag it just basically come with me
everywhere I've been for like the last
three weeks so that's a winner as a
mixture of random things if you watch my
favorites every month you'll know that a
lot of the time I like to add in some
random favourites that I have been
enjoying purely because sometimes those
of you that watch these videos might not
actually be interested in makeup or
interested in what I've loved putting in
my hair or on my face you might be more
interested in general things I have
enjoyed so if that is the case then this
section is for you I really like yogurt
mostly Greek yogurt with honey that's my
current favorite but I saw this in the
supermarket and I was like the six nice
fudge yoghurt I used to love toffee and
Flo's yogurts when I was younger I used
to always pick this as a font off of the
shelf in the supermarket but this is by
the collective great dairy I think
that's what it says in the little cow
I'm not really too sure but it's Russian
fudge flavor and it's live gourmet
yogurt and you can get them in these big
huge tubs or you can get them in little
tubs like little like handy one one go
pots I'm pretty sure has another name
singular pots that's the one if you guys
like yogurt maybe give this a try they
also have some amazing other flavors
they have creme brulee a passion fruit
um I think they have raspberry there's
just loads I highly recommend and
they're a little bit more pricey but I
mean they last a very long time that's a
lot of yogurt 500 grams try it is good
next thing is this this doesn't really
look like anything right now but let me
show you it's like a transformer mmm
headphones I ordered these from
net-a-porter
because I wanted to treat myself these
are not cheap headphones they are not
the headphones that oh there's a pen
mark on them
oh no anyway they're expensive and now
they have pen marks on them so great
yay always make sure you put them in
this when you put the V handbag um they
are from the company friends I actually
saw these I think on tumblr and I was
like oh my goodness I I think I need
those I'm not sure I think I might need
them because they look really good and I
don't have it and any headphones like it
um so they are rose gold um and they
look like that and then they have white
leather around the top and the little
speaker parts are leather and they look
like this on I quite like them I can't
hear anything right now they're good and
the music that comes out of them is good
too but I don't really think these are
the sorts of headphones that you would
buy if you are like a really massive
music enthusiast who needs to have like
the top quality sound but I just think
they look really pretty and I've
actually had a lot of compliments on
them when people ask me where they're
from like randomly in the street so I'm
guessing that other people like the look
of them too and you roll these back up
and pop them back in their little
sleeping bag okay this last one I might
go on a bit of a ramble about because I
have loved it so much that she stopped
watching Prison Break because I'm
enjoying this way more and that is
saying something because I mean for a
start I don't have time to watch like
four or five different document
documentaries Stephanie not a
documentary four or five different TV
series at the same time so when I get
into something that's it then until I
get bored of it so Prison Break I've got
to like the end of the first season I'm
sure I will pick it up from
again but I am now massively into
American Horror Story who was it that
originally made me watch it
marzia and Felix I'm sure it was Marty
or Felix
so mark Cyr and Felix around my house
and we were watching it because she kept
telling me you'll love it you love scary
films you love like thriller type stuff
you like um like stuff like that just
creepy horror stuff and I was like yeah
I've had a few people kind of mentioning
it but I haven't ever really watched it
so we sat and watched the first two
episodes and after that I was completely
hooked got through like the first season
in like uh five days and I was like
obsessed with it and I thought it was
like the most amazing thing ever
I'm currently now about halfway through
season two and I am enjoying it also is
quite different from series one I feel
like it's a lot more um gory and less
like supernatural than the first series
I don't want to say too much because I
don't want to give anything away but ah
yeah I'm really enjoying it I love the
mysteries behind it I love discovering
something that happened in the first
episode that gets unveiled in like the
seventh episode it's just it's
completely gripping and I love it there
is one major factor in the fact that
this program is something I should can't
take my eyes off of and that is Evan
Peters how have I never discovered this
guy before where have I been like he is
just the most handsome most gorgeous man
even if he is playing a really scary
character that kills people
or maybe kills people he's just I'm
obsessed I like dream about him and
everything like he's really handsome I
think he's like my new celebrity crush
can I incorporate that into American
Horror Story is that a different
favorite I don't really know um yeah I'm
gonna insert a picture of him like here
so you can admire him he might not be to
your taste but trust me when you watch
him in the American Horror Story series
he is just
even when he's like pale and covered in
like blood and cuts and bruises just
something about him but I love a lot I
think it's like his mysteriousness and
he's just I don't know wow now I can't
stop thinking about Evan Peters those
are all my favorite that I have been
loving through June do let me know as
always in the comments what you've been
loving through June I would be really
interested to see and yeah I hope you
enjoyed the video give it thumbs up if
you did and I'll see you again on Sunday
bye
