so if you don't mind your saying sitting
down and then I'll just manually do this
a second you could just stay right into
the lines there you're like of an eye
test okay now if you could just film the
video Thanks yeah hello everybody today
I am going to be doing a home hall where
video is that what it's called home hall
where home I am going to do a homework
for today and I have the help of my
special guest today who's staying at my
house I love her very much if you've
seen my second channel video you will
have seen where we had a lot of fun in
Brighton
a lot of you were desperate to see us in
another video together so since she was
here and half the purpose of the fact
that I went shopping for the things for
my house was because of her I'm just
gonna make her help me in your coma
Gabby mine it forever yeah oh I thought
was just saying hi the first thing that
you inspired by was this lovely little
Bowl it's like a batter mix mmm I'm
gonna model it for you oh thank you Bob
it's basically got baby pastel pink on
the inside and I just thought the baking
and things would be really nice and also
just because it was such good family for
money I think it's so handy because it's
got a hand on door hello handy handle
yeah and this is from Tesco so I love
that and then to go with it I've also
got just an ordinary baking bowl or if
you want to eat cereal like big-time I
need a whole pot if you're feeling
hungry yeah then you could just go for
that and that would be bit Justin though
yeah in here as well I'm not washing yet
I'm still got the tacks on because I
wanted to put Mike's labels
I've never made a flan before in my life
but these are so
you I thought I'm going to make plans
and pies do you not mean uh-huh
basically this is a mint colored one
which I love and there's another pink
one yeah am I just looking really pretty
I like the whole yeah did you like did
your mom ever make like little like
apple pies and then like push the pastry
out push the pastry down yeah it reminds
me of yeah I realize and and again these
are like really super cheap but also you
don't have to use them for making pies
you could just put them in the oven with
like I don't know casserole cottage pie
anything you could just like put fruit
in it yeah or pasta so mastering it you
have to bake okay I'm great I said what
Oh like the roof can be like the rib des
is you bet these were also from tesco
they were just some mugs I quite like
these they came in a set full and I
think these again were like six pounds
or four or something ridiculous I saw
these on video yeah but then I was like
dad you've got enough mugs you don't
need I also have enough mugs but you can
never have enough exactly and these much
yeah look how cute they look together
like the nice little pastel colors oh oh
so mugs are the sorts of thing that like
break easily yeah definitely so it's
nice to have some also I like the size
of these because they're not too smaller
they're not too big they're like perfect
hot chocolate size yes and we've got a
nice handle mmm
again a nice handle yeah my favorite
ones I think this color is color yeah I
like the yellow mmm oh yeah I also got
these from Tesco okay thank yes Cheers
these are like Sunday or milkshake um
glasses I don't know what would you put
in there I like put like an ice cream
sundae yeah ice cream sundaes of
smoothies or milkshakes like you know
like a coke float I don't like that do
you not well I mean cord yeah yeah I
don't really like the mat much
sometimes sometimes sometimes I feel I
could cope I know it mmm for the less
mmm I like that we got coke flow Oh
again they were really inexpensive I
normally find that you find a best home
west up in like Tesco Asda Waitrose like
food shops yeah they do have mazing
things so for at ease so if you ever
want to come round and have a co close
have a coke float or a milkshake or own
ice cream surprisingly four of you
though yeah me four people will
hammering technically so yeah I can't
have one oh yeah three people freaking
hook only next I did a food shop in wait
trays which turned into a food shop and
a buying everything from the tiny old
home West nation shop and I really liked
all of these I don't need all of these
but they are all actually different
oh haha you could use this one for
stirring this will for stirring no
because they're all different
oh yeah so this one for stirring this
one for you know when you bake a cake
and you need to put the edges down into
the mixture
yeah just Gugu scooping and sliding and
then this one for smoothing uh-huh
and this one for patting spiders spider
oh you just look like a really good if
you've got a spider just looks like a
spider
oh you're killin a spider scoop and this
one obviously is a whisk that one's
definitely the easiest one to yang's and
it um they're all silicone is it silicon
or silicon Isis silica Sevilla silicon
silicon silicon even though they look
very similar they are actually all
different but also I find these silicon
ones really useful
you know like wooden spoons just get
really dirty yeah really horribly - ah
yeah exactly like I just feel like these
are the perfect thing a nothing and
again use what expensive I just think
they are very cute
oh you all match they all match in a bit
of match yeah it makes more bake more
like bake
yeah like flans flies now she got plum
poppy and the little eyes also Waitrose
these are my favorite did you get any of
these no because I haven't been to a
trip - if you have different colors or
just me yes it had had this color yellow
and pink no where for the old pink was
sold out today any blue ones left I
don't know if you can see inside these
but they have little patterns they look
so cool I had one this morning with mice
and what if ie
yogurt nothing yogurt in it it'd be good
ice cream balls yeah really nice ice
cream balls and the reason that I found
this was because of miss Tanya burr she
had Miley's in her house and I think she
put yogurt and fruit in there from
breakfast I was like I like you I've
seen Tommy C's so they are really nice I
like I like the scalloped edge yep hon
do you get these - you'll see they've
been her next homework yet also from
Waitrose I picked up these two balls
they are actually different um both
hand-painted I loved these why do I ask
me both
why just one person II dismayed bulbs
honestly in every single home hole that
I do there's like twelve balls in it and
people like you need to go to ball rehab
because I have so many balls but they're
just so cute sometimes when you go to a
restaurant they serve food like not
necessarily like main course meals but
like nibbly bits and dessert and dessert
yeah on like a slate Ward's so in
Waitrose they have heart-shaped one so I
couldn't resist it and they also have a
pack of two of the just rectangle ones
so that if someone comes round we've got
like I know you can put cakes on there
like anything on these a really good
idea yeah and also just so easy to just
put out and then just put something on
there I or instantly just looks like you
presented it really nicely I think a
really good thing about these is they've
got these little stopper things I don't
write kids able or anything mm-hmm
this was also from Waitrose they sell
them individually I think and they also
sell when a pack of three and I had one
pack of three left so I grabbed it
past all knives
that is such a good idea the actual
blades are the color of the yeah cool I
like the cute shirt I then went next so
I bought these lights seen them they are
shell and bottle limelight so they're
battery operated but I kind of feel like
because I live by the beach I can get
away with your knowledge to you either
it looks really DGL chi-lites
how much were they 16 pounds which
actually for battery operated lights is
quite specs but the probability of glass
bottles that are really nice
that's quite cute so she lived by the
beach or if you have like a beach themed
party ever might happen right Robin
the next thing I bought was two packs of
two glasses I only have one because the
rest are in the dishwasher fish on one
side and then it says me and the sea and
in the other glass says you on the sea
so together they come as a duo and they
were only three pounds 54 - that's like
another beach themed yeah yeah it goes
with my jug actually have the jug which
I put in a whole video I like the little
fish yeah that cute on me and I also
love the size of those glasses is
nothing worse when you go sometimes to
give your toilet yes and let me ask you
to refill it all the time yeah yeah also
from next this is like one of my
favorite things ever this was a little
bit more pricey but you'll see why okay
easy this is a chalkboard but they all
think hang off of it and there's like
there's this bit as well I don't wanna
like poke you in the eye get you can
write on with chalk or a chalk pen which
is that one of my favourite things at
the moment cuz chalk pens so much easier
to write with an actual I've never heard
of them
although chalk pens are amazing where'd
you get this high liquid chalk lakelyn
I am getting some of that yeah I should
put those in there and but they
all hang off Ola I can show you now
right on then live it in this way and
you can make them more can change them
and basically the pill I'm becoming more
organized now I need to do more stuff I
just thought that would be a really cute
way of displaying it rather than like a
whiteboard or second piece of paper
I think it's nice how the end one says
notes yeah like you've got every day of
the week and then extra things yeah
exactly
I really love it I think this is around
40 pounds which does seem quite pricey
but if you use it yeah it's opening I
want to find a place to hang it now yeah
there's a website called not on the high
street calm have you ever been on that I
have been with an amazing
it's basically lots of independent
retailers and other places that sell
really cool little bespoke things or I
don't know
keep bits and pieces and I often go on
there looking for stuff I could spend
all day on that website I think it's
really cool because once you click
something you go on there little on that
shot yeah yeah and then you just get
carried away
yeah exactly so the first thing I bought
was this which is actually a fake um
glass of flowers with fake water and oh
yeah
I thought you it is a fake glass no it's
real life really isn't very I think that
would smash it and they just kind of
feel it like wild flowers like I love
wild fuzz I was feel bad picking low
yeah like I know that they're wild I
just look pretty look pretty and I'm not
like I can't pick them because then they
lose their life and actually I believe
will never died and it really cute
they've got a little ribbon around them
and I just put this on my dressing table
and just think it looks like pretty dumb
it's not amazing
sure I could spray it with perfume yeah
next thing I got I love these I love
burnt we are you think you would love
this
wrong yeah so these glasses I see these
all the time in like cute little
restaurants and cafes and I'm like I
need I see an interest yeah that's so
Pinterest yeah I'm gonna take the little
paper thing off I bought two of these
that one of them is in use currently I
don't really know what has a lid I guess
so you can take them on picnics and
things yeah I reckon so you can carry
them around with you that's cute that's
really cute I didn't think of that so
it's basically a masonry jar that's what
they call on they mason mason jar maybe
a masonry I just heard Mason I think
it's this movie isn't masonry like a
type of job like when you're a Mason a
masonry this is really Pinterest totally
inspired by Louise she did this for
Darcy second birthday and she made it
look amazing so that it looks super
strawberry milkshakes in your little
bottles and then she put I think melted
chocolate and then hundreds and
thousands and then straws in and they
were amazing and they looked cute and
they look pretty cute so I went on we're
not on the high street I saw the little
bottles in this little crate then these
little paper straws that just from
weight trays I got them too every time
someone comes around and has a drink
they ask for a straw okay I drink
through straws I think that's like a new
thing like I think people like it's like
a craze well if I drink coffee I do it
through a straw so it doesn't stain your
teeth yeah I mean I think hope they like
to drink you angry ah this joyful yeah
it's a bit dirty this is from Steve and
Alexia they came around the other day
look how cute this tea towel is it's
gone
I really hope you enjoyed this this was
all probably your fault sir
every time I see someone you're at home
we're all I'm like oh my god I'm a guy
we have very similar yeah like
everything I love she has and everything
that I she loves I have and everything I
like she likes did that make sense a bit
okay if you want to check out Gabby's
channel I will leave a link you okay
well link to Gabby's channel is in the
description box or you can click on her
face now this one and um you can go over
watch her video very nice I really like
them fine you're alright welcome I
really hope you enjoyed this video give
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I was
right oh thank you
fine you're welcome let's go make some
flan laughs I have also under mentioned
briefly throughout this video got a blog
post that can coincide with this so once
you finish watching this and you've gone
over and subscribe to Gabby and you
subscribe to me do click in the
description box they'll be a link to my
blog where there will be lots of photos
of all these sort of bits and pieces in
useful in the kitchen or put where I
think they should go in the house uh-huh
thank you
I will see you guys on Wednesday where
I'll be uploading on the video because
I'm on a roll here's a motion think it
now thank you staying in my house that
you inspired me to get oh they watch
your video so Mitchell this is where
we're getting City already all wanted
pepper
you can do it never I feel like Bill and
Ben from pesky all these different White
Rose I then went next where I purchased
three-horn Harriet that love again yeah
hello Janelle about you oh come on no I
think it does is it the Darcy second
bucket my favorite thing yeah hmm
probably this cuz it'll make you more
productive
oh good yes then you cannot you stop
with this video helped you out
why Jana like a smile ex-wife do I smile
it's wet no also be stolen my balance
no I feel very sweaty although I did
children gray smaller quite sturdy my
blog we're where we is lots of photos
yeah lots of photos of office I'm just
say with love they go magic out my blood
yeah yes dad sorry dad I'm off funny do
you know you know like a Apple flan or a
baked flan is it just like a pie I think
so ah I don't have excited
