hello everybody today I wanted to do
something a little bit different as some
of you may or may not know I try my
hardest to give you guys advice on the
questions that you asked me but I am no
Beauty or skincare but so wherever I can
is always really beneficial for me to
get a professional opinion so that I can
help you guys with your questions so I
am working with simple skincare which I
thought would be a really great
opportunity because I'm not a skincare
expert and I needed skincare experts in
order to answer some of your questions I
thought that it would be really
beneficial for you guys and you can get
some of the answers to a lot of the
questions that you are to me they have
taught me a lot of information about
fingers I have no idea about before
which has been really eye-opening and
the first thing they taught me is that
going back to basics and having a good
skincare regime can really make a
difference to your makeup another thing
that I really love about this is that
they set up a tumblr page and I know how
much you guys all love tumblr and it's
called the skin social so you guys can
go there and you can look up more
information about skincare get any tips
tricks and just general advice on your
skin so be sure to do that once you have
finished watching this video so the main
thing about skincare is that you want
your skin to look its natural looking
and best and in order to do that you're
going to want to use products that are
good for your skin type now I know that
a lot of you guys have sensitive skin I
also have sensitive skin and I'm having
a little bit of a breakout right now and
so this was the perfect opportunity for
me to try something with no perfume No
fools and something that was really just
very kind to skin and gentle on my skin
but really effective I also find that I
end up spending so much money on
skincare and I'm constantly trying new
things with different chemicals and
sometimes I think it's quite important
to strip it right back and use something
that doesn't contain a million and one
ingredients and that actually read
budget-friendly as well I'm now going to
talk you through what my morning routine
is like and impart some of their wisdom
onto you guys first things first
it is very important to be removing your
makeup at night I know I say this a lot
and I know that it's like the number one
thing people say but it's really really
important even if you only put powder on
it in the day you want to make sure your
skin is completely clear before you go
to bed so be sure to use a face wash at
night and also in the morning I've
recently been using the simple
moisturizing facial wash which I simply
just put into my hands splash my face
with a bit of water and rub that in and
then I just use water and wash that off
I prefer to use this in the morning just
to make sure that my skin is ready for
the day and it removes all the
impurities and to keeps my skin feeling
and clear so very important very very
important the next thing I will do as
you may have seen in my favorites which
I are absolutely loving is the pixie
glow tonic I love this simply to
exfoliate it's a liquid exfoliant um I
find that this is actually really gentle
on my skin and that is the step that I
never miss out alternatively 2 to 3
times a week I will also do this which
is a facial scrub this
these simple kinds of skin smoothing
facial scrub it's really important to
exfoliate your skin regularly depending
on what sort of skin type you have it's
usually about two to three times a week
it's just to remove any dead skin cells
that might not remove themselves um and
it can also leave your face feeling and
looking a lot more fresh you want to
make sure you don't scrub your face too
hard when I was younger I definitely was
never given that advice and I used to
scrub until my face was red raw please
don't do that it has to be gentle yet
effective it's just a root dirt and oil
and it also helps your foundation go on
a lot smoother and really makes the
appearance of your face feel and look a
lot more smooth obvious next step is to
moisturize moisturizing is really
important so you don't get any dry skin
also common misconception is if you have
all your skin not to moisturize you must
moisturize regardless of what skin type
you have at the moment I'm really
enjoying using the simple illuminating
radiance cream and I find that this one
just leaves my skin looking a little bit
more radiant especially other sun's out
and if I'm having a no makeup day it
makes my skin look a lot more healthy
and again it has no harsh chemicals no
perfumes and no color so again it is
perfect if you have sensitive skin eyes
next moment I'm using a Shirley which is
a herbal eye cream I have had this a
while but I found it the other day and I
started using it because I've recently
been using quite a heavy eye cream and I
just wanted something a bit lighter now
that my eyes weren't so dry and
sensitive
I've just found that this has really
worked well obviously not everybody
needs to use an eye cream but I like to
do it just because I get quite sensitive
eyes and I get quite a lot of dryness
into my eyes as well and as I have dark
circles I also find that my concealer
sits better under my eyes when I do that
as well after I've using eye cream so
after you prep your skin and you feel
that your skin is feeling its best it is
time to do your makeup so I just did
this quite natural look today and I
thought I would show you guys what I use
and how I did it
you
so I hope you guys found this video
helpful and it gave you a little bit
more advice about skincare I also filmed
another video with tsun4 where I talked
a little bit more in depth about these
skincare and these simple products so
check that out if you want to find out
more information I'll leave a link to
that below and don't forget to check out
their skin social over on tumblr as I'm
sure it has many answers to a lot of
your questions stay tuned for more and I
will see you again very soon
we just flew in from the oldest org
watched over
