hello everyone today I'm going to do
something a little bit different
slightly a little bit more serious where
I say serious I don't mean like serious
serious deep issues
I just mean um non Beauty fashion makeup
related more life related a lot of you
may know or you may not know you may be
new to my channel that I suffer with
anxiety and panic attacks and I have
suffered these since I was the age of 14
or so I thought um I do think that I was
quite anxious child as well but this is
not a therapy session for myself so
let's not go into that I did actually
make a video about it quite a while ago
now actually um and it helped a lot of
you and I still get questions from
people about anxiety and about panic
attacks and about stress and depression
and lots of different things that lots
of different teenagers go through or
think they're going through and the
majority of the time they think they're
going through this alone so I just
wanted to make this video to reassure
some of you that it is you know it's a
common thing a lot of people suffer with
it I still suffer with it it hasn't
magically gone away and I just wanted to
answer a few of your questions that I
always see popping up everywhere
so yesterday I asked you guys to ask me
questions on Twitter using the hashtag
so in our anxiety which we got trending
worldwide we're all very very different
and we're all programmed differently and
I think it's a good thing so for a start
I just want to say embrace it open your
mind to this video and enjoy and I hope
I answer some of your questions one of
the main questions that I've got asked
was do you have any tips on calming
yourself down if you can feel an anxiety
attack or a panic attack coming on I can
only give you my personal tips I'm sure
there are many of you that have tips as
well which you could also share in the
comments which I think would be really
useful for a lot of people but
personally what I like to do is to take
myself out of the situation where I'm
feeling
so that might be to step outside to go
somewhere quiet um if that's in a busy
place
maybe a public toilet and it doesn't
sound great but it's quiet and it's just
you I get quite anxious around big
crowds I feel like I'm being smothered
when I start to feel panicky I feel very
claustrophobic and I feel very hot so
for me the best thing to do is to get
outside into the fresh air look up at
the sky and be like you are not trapped
nothing is smothering you it's a person
that's making you anxious get away from
the person without being rude and just
kind of slip yourself away and that does
actually happen sometimes I can find
myself talking to somebody and all of a
sudden I'm like you make you feel
anxious it's not it's not like a person
or dig at somebody it's just that you'll
be speaking to someone and no words will
just be going completely over your head
and you're watching their mouth move and
you feel like you're not really there
that's happened to me a few times and I
just sort of had to be like I'm just
going to pop and get it dream if you're
not near fresh air which is always a
massive help for me water having a glass
of water trying to breathe is also very
important a lot of the time you could be
crying you're breathing in too much
oxygen when you're panicking which can
cause you to hyperventilate which can
cause you to freak out even more so you
have to be really aware of your
breathing which when you're having a
panic attack isn't very easy and it can
be the last thing on your mind so it's
always helpful if you're with someone
and you feel comfortable to be around
that person let them know this so they
can remind you to you know breathe
slowly breathe in for ten seconds
breathe out for ten seconds or if you
have a paper bag it's always good to
balance out the carbon dioxide and the
oxygen intake so breathe listen to
relaxing music or distract yourself by
looking at things around you so looking
at people thinking on where they're
going today or maybe they're going on
holiday nice thoughts I like to think of
beaches I also have an app
two outs one called calm calm and I have
one called relaxed melodies which plays
out relaxing sails you can pick some
like beach sounds - forest sounds - like
park sounds anywhere that you
specifically find a relaxing place that
for me the sea is super relaxing so if
I'm ever feeling anxious living here I
know I can just walk outside and go and
sit by the beach for a bit and then I'm
absolutely calm if you're not on your
own public transport or you need to calm
down quickly like I've been on the tube
before and I've had specific songs that
actually used to make a playlist which
some of you I think would be a really
good idea if it happens quite regularly
or you wanted to stop it from happening
is to have a playlist of music on your
phone or your iPod or mp3 player and
just have that list of music that keeps
you calm that brings back really happy
memories that can take your mind off
situations you're not like over thinking
about things and just play that and get
yourself through the songs and think
about the lyrics and um I always find
that very beneficial and obviously the
app you can listen to sounds once I was
freaking out on a train and I literally
put my headphones in shut my eyes and
listen to the sounds of the beach and
the birds and I try to convince myself I
was not on a rampant hot train I was
actually on a beach it's hard to do but
you have to really try just think of it
scientifically just think this isn't
going to last long my heart's beating
fast because it's pumping the butter on
my body a lot quicker I'm feeling a bit
lightheaded because my breathing is a
proper instead of thinking I'm going to
faint I'm gonna die and there's these
things make you freak out even more so
you have to try and think of the science
and the body behind the things that
happening to you as you're freaking out
I once had chronic pins and needles in
my hands and feet and I thought I was
going to faint and then I told myself it
was actually because of my breathing so
I managed to slow my breathing down
regulate my breathing I was like okay
the pins leaders are going and it all
kind of makes sense then if you could
understand it
better you sort of you don't have to
freak out as much generally though if
it's not when you're having a panic
attack and you're just a very anxious
person liked exercise walks um maybe a
little bike ride every now and then
maybe I don't know up and down your
stairs in your house exercise is always
really good yoga meditation enough sleep
I always find with anxiety if I don't
have enough sleep I could have a
particularly anxious day the next day
eat well drink well you just want to
keep your body in a good place because
then when your body is in a good place
your mind is in a good place
and also trying to stay organized even
if your anxiety isn't around being
organized
I always just find if things are a bit
more organized in your life then
everything is a little bit more
organized in your mind then one ask me
what is the worst thing about my anxiety
the worst thing about my anxiety
personally is when it comes to being
given opportunities now you guys won't
know half of the things I've been asked
to do that I've set HAP say no to
because I've been scared I've been like
afraid I'm gonna have a panic attack
like on a live TV and it's going to go
wrong and I've been scared what y'all
think
like I think too much about what other
people think um so a lot of the time
it's easier for me to say no because I
like to keep other people happy and I
think that's the worst thing about my
anxiety because I am totally under the
whole premise of saying yes to things
and then seeing what comes out of it but
sometimes I'll think I can't I couldn't
possibly do that there's no way I could
possibly do that and then I'll leave it
to the last minute and our chicken al be
like no no no no I can't I can't I can't
and then I'll regret it and so that's
probably the worst thing about my
anxiety and it's that it holds me back
from doing certain things
it's definitely things that two years
ago I would never have even contemplated
um and I've my confidence in that
area has improved dramatically doing
what I do you kind of have to you know
you have to do these things like I could
say I don't I mean I want to be able to
fly across the other half of the world
to see you guys and to meet as many of
you as possible but that is still hard
for me um and I have this thing where I
know something's coming up and every day
I'll get like a little like heart
flutter when I think about it I've got a
lot of things like that at the moment so
I'm feeling quite stressed but um that
is probably the worst thing because
because normally you just be excited but
I just feel terrified so the excitement
does come eventually but before that
it's scared nurse any tips on anxiety
around flying what do you do um okay now
before last year I had the last time
I've flown was when I was 16 so that is
a long time ago um see I I don't have a
fear of flying I just get very anxious
when I know I'm stuck somewhere for a
very long time so the thought of having
to sit on an aeroplane for nine hours
plus terrifies me because I think what
if I freaked out I can't step outside
and get a bit of fresh air then and if I
did that would be terrible so I think
for me the the whole build-up of flying
is based around the fact that once I'm
on that airplane I am NOT getting off
and what's I'm off the aeroplane I'm
very far away from my comfort zone so
the way I've kind of dealt with it is to
treat it as an exciting thing you've got
more of a chance of getting into an
accident by crossing the road then you
have of ever crashing in a plane
statistics like that are always useful
if you are scared of flying um but for
me it's comfort so I take things in my
hand luggage that I know will keep me
comforted comfortable things to distract
me playlist songs um the first thing I
do when I get on a long-haul
it is look at the movies and the TV
shows on the TV in front of me and I'll
sort of plan in my head right I'm gonna
watch this and it's gonna be reciting
the name up and this I couldn't do my
video I kind of I kind of prefer
long-haul flights now because I feel
like it's me time like you just have to
enjoy it let's get on that plane with
the mindset that you're gonna have a
great flight and I think that helps it
does take a bit of getting used to and
obviously there's going to be times
where the last thing you want to do is
ever get on a plane I have had panic
attacks in airports before um but
usually when you've gone through
security and your bags are all done
that's when you know you're really going
make sure you're sat next to somebody
who you trust and you feel comfortable
with also get yourself a nice neck
pillow because that is just a dream
because if you're feeling slightly
stressed you could just go to sleep and
then 9 hours later you wake up and
you're there is perfect how do you cope
with being judged about having anxiety
huh I think I cope better now as an
adult than I did when I was younger um
it's different now though because I feel
like back then I didn't really know I
had anxiety I just thought I was a bit
weird and people probably thought the
same so um no one ever judged me to my
face that I know of but like I said
previously I do worry far too much about
other people judging me when I feel
anxious or how my plans can affect other
people's plans I just kind of feel like
people can have their judgments about a
lot of things um and this just adds the
list the people that are going to judge
are not the people that you need to
really worry about I've definitely
learned to cope with it better as I've
gotten older and I just I just feel a
bit sorry for anyone who doesn't
understand but isn't taking the time to
try I think there are a lot of people
that don't understand well that's just
purely because they've been I've been
through it all they've never
researched it or they don't know anybody
that's been through it but for those
people that have never bothered to try
or just I don't know don't even worry
about them they're not worth the time
somebody has said they're too scared to
talk about their anxiety and the
depression any advice
yes please talk to somebody um there
will be somebody who will understand
exactly what you're going through it's
far more common
shut up see girl it's far more common
than you actually think it is but when I
did start talking about it I was
probably 17 18
um and I went to a doctor and I talked
to a doc to numerous doctors about it I
think I've spoken to like I don't even
know I couldn't even count on one hand
how many doctors are spoken to you I
spoke to friends and family I just
explained this is what's happening this
is what goes on in my mind I'm not crazy
sometimes I'm going to act a bit weird
it's because of this and I think the
people that really matter to you will
know that there's something wrong with
you in which case they will always be
supportive it's so much nicer to share
things with people rather than to keep
it bottled up inside if that's a parent
a sibling a grandparent a teacher even
if you feel more comfortable speaking to
a teacher or there is always a doctor
who will have seen numerous amounts of
people probably in the same day with the
same problem so it's not new for them to
hear and it's and it's not a rare thing
have I ever had to help someone through
a panic attack yes I have I have and I
just want to give you some pointers if
you yourself don't suffer from panic
attacks or anxiety and you might know
somebody that does or you might meet
someone in the street who is having a
panic attack
then you might want to just take note
that the best thing you can do is to
reassure them comfort them and give a
hundred percent of your attention to
them listen to what they need don't keep
asking them but just listen don't force
anything on them don't make them do
things ask them what they feel
comfortable doing ask them what they
would feel comfortable for you to do and
um reassure them that a panic attack
only lasts up to 20 minutes that's
something that I always buy really
useful and also reassure them that
they're no bother to you because
honestly when you care about somebody so
much and they're having a panic attack
you don't want them to feel embarrassed
or feel pressured to leave you alone or
because at the end of the day I know how
it feels and in my mind when I'm having
a panic attack and somebody's with me I
think I'm stopping you from doing what
you need to do I'm so sorry and that
makes it a hundred times worse
so just reassure them that you left them
it's not a big deal whatever they need
you can do it you can go somewhere else
like just basically drop everything and
be with that person for 20 minutes and
just do whatever the hell they want you
to do it might not be it might not be
anything but just stand with them and do
nothing do you ever feel embarrassed
when you have an anxiety attack in
public yes I do um as I said that's one
of my main issues is I worry way too
much about other people thinking of me
when really you just should not care
it's way more common no one is probably
giving you a second glance and if they
are they're probably thinking oh I hope
she's okay she seems to she needs to
look a bit like she's having a panic
attack nobody is going to look at you
and go what the hell is up with that
person plus the majority at the time
you're never going to see them again
anyway what is the difference between
anxiety and panic attacks
now I rule that's a hard one okay I'm
actually going to Google this because I
am NOT a psychologist therefore I do not
want to give you any wrong information
but most people will actually have
anxiety so something like short-term
anxiety where you're nervous because
you're about to go onstage or you've got
a test that's all normal normal anxiety
anxiety for someone who actually suffers
anxiety which is like prolonged amounts
of time is it's almost like your body is
freaking out at a lot more things than
it should be freaking out at and it
feels like it's in this kind of
dangerous situation you kind of feel a
bit uncomfortable really worried and
really stressed it's like a
in emotions all-in-one and you'll get
like a funny tummy and you start to feel
a bit hot and your and you're getting a
bit oh my goodness I can't actually
handle this and then if your anxiety
gets particularly bad it can then turn
into a panic attack or anxiety attack
which is basically where your body goes
into fight-or-flight because it thinks
something is happening to you and it
sort of prepares your body to either run
away or fight the situation most of the
time we don't need to fight or fly we
just have really sensitive anxious mind
another thing I think I said this in my
previous video is that the anxious
people are like car alarms that go off
from a little gust of wind or a leaf and
everyone else are the cars on the street
that need a good a good battering before
the alarm goes off that's how I like to
describe it so if you're an anxious
person you have that car who's has a
very sensitive arm and if you are the
sort of person that has anxiety when
you're supposed to have anxiety um so
basically your alarm goes off when
someone is actually smashing into the
car then nothing to ignore but it's
considered an anxiety disorder if you
have it a lot of the time and if it
leads on to panic attacks I don't even
know if I'm explaining this very well I
just want to help you I don't know it's
normal it's okay I'm going to leave
links to lots of places below that you
can read up about it because obviously I
am not good at talking about this sort
of thing I just know from firsthand what
it feels like and so I'm gonna leave a
few links below so that if you guys
think you might have anxiety or you
might just be a nervous person or you
might just be a bit worried then all the
information will be down below and you
can just double check because I think
it's also very easy for people to be
nervous about something and instantly
think that they have anxiety disorder
which might not be the case at all I
think most people get nervous before
they do a lot of big things so um yeah
legs links below check them out what was
your worst ever panic attack to be
honest most of them are pretty on par
and
I don't know I think my mind forgets
them I feel it happened because I find
them so traumatic the best person to ask
would probably be Louisa Ralphy I had a
really bad one in LA for VidCon last
year I had a bad one at One Direction
when I try to see them the first time
that was really horrible I've had a
really bad one in Paddington train
station with lots of people around me
while I was on my own that was a pretty
traumatic um yeah I think my mind kind
of tries to forget them when was your
first panic attack the first panic
attack I can think of was when I was
around 14 or 15 I remember I was at a
house party wasn't drinking wasn't
smoking wasn't doing anything that I
wasn't supposed to be doing
however there were people there who were
doing things they weren't supposed to be
doing and that freaked me out because
they did not have control of themselves
um and I had a panic attack and my dad
had to come pick him up at 5 a.m.
because I was just basically having
panic attack after panic attack under
panic attack and felt trapped in this
person's house and in Reno where I was
and it was just not very nice
when was your most recent panic attack
my most recent panic attack was at Tanya
and Jim's when I was there during my
vlogging months um it was when I was
poorly I went for a lie down because I
started feeling really weird
like a bit lightheaded a bit sick and
because I have a phobia of sick I felt
like my glands were stuck together my
throat hurts so much it was making
freak-outs I was overthinking it and
then I was like oh my goodness I'm all
the way in Norridge I'm nowhere near
home how am I going to get home I'm not
in a safe play obviously wasn't a safe
place but I'm not in my safe place um so
I rang up Alfie while he was in New York
and I was crying saying I wasn't really
liking what to do and he rang up gym
attire and they if you were in the
garden and they came upstairs and start
with me and then I can't um it happens a
lot guys like I just don't document it
it's not something that I
ever want to document remember like he
wants to remember lots of stuff and the
majority of the time I always calm down
and then think that the silly I just
over thought that a little bit I just I
think I overthink too much I think I
overthink things too much
definitely okay so I think that is
pretty much all I wanted to talk about
in this one but if any of you have any
more questions please feel free to leave
them in the comments below and I can try
and reply to as many as possible I also
want you to kind of help each other in
the comments if somebody leaves a
comment that you feel that you can
answer for them or you can reassure them
then please do I know that you guys are
the best
subscribers ever I love when you all
help each other I think it's an amazing
community and a great place for all of
us to talk and share experiences and I
really hope this helped and I might do
another one of these again if you have
any more burning questions but please
check out the links below and also
please leave any feedback that you want
to give to anybody else or tips on how
you stay calm I love you all a lot and
I'll see you very soon
hi
