hello everybody welcome back to my
channel everyone welcome back to chanel
number how many videos I don't know come
on mark you should know that 249 thanks
for joining us oh she's really listening
hi buzz thanks for joining us please sit
down please sit down take a seat
refreshments will be halfway through we
hope you enjoyed the show so for today's
video I'm doing something that I have
wanted to do since I've met you since
you did my makeup that phone everyone
was like you need to do Mark's makeup so
I persuaded him to let me do his makeup
whoo I said because of the hey the pores
the pores let the pores
hi the pores not the pause pause don't
press I thought it'd be more like a
winter video but Who am I kidding
assistant I mean we could do a winter
look in winter yeah like I saw like no
this isn't one day this is a
one-time-only thing guys I'm just gonna
get started okay I'm not a professional
drag makeup artist I just want to throw
that out there I'm gonna just get all my
products out this is where I hear the
front door go and marks car driver first
thing I'm gonna start with is conceit is
foundation okay I feel like this is your
shade but you have been on holiday no
you know
oh yeah that's not bad our bronze you up
don't worry
thank you love it feels weird to be
putting this on like over stubble
oh my shiny today did you burn buckaroo
tapes why my wearable I didn't like this
smell though oh hey do you why it's my
face that color are you okay
where's me time gone man oh you've got
such lovely skin ma do you think ya know
you just really ill oh my god okay oh
it's okay I promise it would look great
when we're done plays your few moles of
your neck yeah all right so far I've
showed you earlier I had none
Corinne only younger yeah look at one my
lip as well
did you never have that never why you
put it now no let me tell you why my
voice broke and I got moly I quite like
my moles
oh yeah on the arms on the face my legs
have I've got none on my face anywhere
drop you down in little freckles mmm do
you think you look all right I think I
look fast
oh sorry wow you've got no faith in me
man I've got my face oh I do feel like I
probably should've got a darker
foundation I've got I literally have no
under eyes I get like a manicure in okay
suck in don't worry it's look at me
look at our shadowing on your jaw
I tell you who I look like hey Batman
from lazytown what you're doing they're
bringing the forehead down no that's why
people come tour isn't it did I pop all
right I'm gonna blend it now MA okay so
don't even worry about it I can see
you're worried but you don't have to be
because my clients are never less than
impressed yeah thing is use timeout and
said you'd like having your makeup done
I couldn't think of anything worse no
fans what do you mean like you said it
was quite relaxing to have your makeup
done yeah I don't
unless I get used to I couldn't have
this done every day well I'm probably
not being the most gentle yeah what have
you done to that what you mean
what's wrong the bear I'm just blending
I'm just creating yeah I'm creating the
contours you know can you turn that side
that's a bit better and then look at
that looks like I've been run over by
motorbike on a dirt track well this is
quite a bit three runs so we're just
doing a tiny bit but because I think I
would rather not do be done that's nice
coconut yeah
gorky naughty are you like believing in
me a bit more now yeah I'm a bit worried
about my mouth what do you mean it just
looks very thin hello I look fifth day
oh my god I look like it I haven't
finished yet with my same flow why I'm
looks like I've got wrinkles
possibly hello
marks here hello how are you have you
don't notice a fade just a bit in a bit
of contour as well yeah I think what I'm
getting used to it oh hey yeah I think
my face is got a noose to it do you like
it
no yeah this is tongs new illuminating
powder wow it's really pretty
okay smile so it's not highlight are
it's kind of both I love the whole
effect very glad you did good on Bom
wow do you like it no come on wrinkles
you've not got wrinkles leave it alone
I'm gonna try these drops these are the
cover FX custom enhancer drop Wow
yeah yeah the back of my nose
oh don't lick that well she live game
that's right oh hi Jules
hi hi tardo how about my eyes yeah let's
do eyeshadow I'm gonna do like a smoky
coppery look I'm gonna start with a dark
color in your crease if you could just
shut your eyes crease the excess so why
is that on your is Cal on my ears Cal oh
your eyelid just like unfolded so the
hairspray yeah it's like peeling off
phones like what is that I get like I
had glow in my eyes that is exactly what
is on that right now that I'm trying to
contend with the concentration no I
can't breathe when I do this I don't
breathe oh wow I look like a sultry man
ah like mm-hmm
if you had to live without one makeup
item would it be if I have to live
without yeah
if you live like obviously your
day-to-day makeup routine hmm
you have to get rid of one thing or
would it be I would get rid all blusher
blusher okay I think so or blusher I
could do that blusher I love bronzer I
don't what do you think I should do in
the winter time do you think I should
stop fake tan in oh I thought you just
meant engine Oh what do you think I
should be with a winner like yeah no no
no what do you think - no home
I think maybe just tiny down and open
yeah maybe just more subtle but I
wouldn't say stop can you see yourself
yeah you like ya deny I love that Raylan
no no I said before yeah hey let me see
you can I see you can't see from now
okay because it has to be a surprise
right eyebrows I wondered what my
eyeballs look like I've actually filled
them in they would be like pitch black
I'm gonna find out can you see the
difference
definitely oh yeah do you like it it's
different and I definitely look like the
man from crazytown lazytown oh my god is
where oh my gosh
that's scary oh I don't lie for Lion
King I feel like it's on my eyelashes or
on my eyeball
you've got really good luck eyes for
liner hi-yah caper link you just look
down oh my god how much trust my mascara
on now it's time mark so uh oh it's up
what smells like fish poo oh my mouth
looks huge
right I sure tom you know me he's a
pirate that feel like really wicked yeah
hey you got one on when it dries it
doesn't feel as like weird oh I don't
know I promise you you'll just feel
normal and then when we go out no one
will think twice about it being a real
lashes amazing
I look so sweaty glowy sweating slash a
swathe oh don't look - guys that was a
good one right just be aware that I have
put that on there don't touch them I
can't say I go to your bottom lashes so
look up
right I don't feel I don't feel like I'm
blinking that's the thing you know but I
think when I blink my eyes are not
shining
okay lipliner this makes the most like
this cheat has like changed what your
face things like oh my god I still look
like me yeah you do oh my god can you
think yeah
do you like what you see I'm not sure I
looks okay is it right put your lips at
ah yeah it goes I'm just gonna do a
little bit of like this like underneath
it
a work of art I hate the liquid mistake
liquid quick quick Oh oh my god Bobby no
long I'm gonna highlighter on you
actually I feel like we could go the
extra mile
Oh bear bear love it oh never why
something Oh My giddy on oh well hi rose
look at that highlights are yeah it's
insane it doesn't even look like me this
is what I look like
my lips look bigger yeah shape they look
good the highlight is amazing
I look so Fenneman if it wasn't for my
nose
I'd look so feminine yeah whoa that
looks so good Oh
oh my god walk babe matches your skin
tone it died that's insane isn't it I
think you did amazing gonna be a little
up close yeah yeah oh the skin is
looking beautiful that doesn't even look
like me though do you not think I feel
like it's made my features look bigger
do you know your eyebrows extended look
look at your nose
they look so long it's not too
dissimilar from what I would do apart
from all the contouring I wouldn't do
that much yeah
but it's not so dissimilar to what I
would actually do that like the
eyeshadow is not crazy
no the our channel is amazing yeah and
like the cat flick I mean I probably
wouldn't line my lipstick dark hmm but I
do think it looks great
devised it guys that is the end of the
video I have done thank you so much for
letting me do this - you're welcome to
happen at some point during our
friendship wasn't it and I wouldn't want
anyone else to do it
oh thank you make sure you go on over
and check mark out we also filmed a
video on his channel and that was the
what's in my mouth challenge which I
haven't done in such a long time and it
was really really funny so make sure you
go check that out and subscribe whilst
you're there thank you and subscribe to
this channel too because I'm not too far
off twelve million subscribers whoa
ain't none crazy I really owe you guys
enjoyed this video give a thumbs up if
you did just said I already know I do
you said it really fast and I'll see you
again very soon
Oh fucking salad yeah leave the salon
yes start my own business our house you
gotta go my bar going door-to-door saw
setting my good faint you want me to do
make up a nice time
is that Verde gold I can't get over your
face that yeah I'm actually jealous of
your skin look gray like a basic bitch
next can I put a wig on you oh my god
