hello everybody today at the moment you
guys have been really loving my hair
with this kind of beachy kind of wave
and also my makeup and so I thought I
would combine the two to do like a kind
of get ready with me style hair and
makeup video stay tuned and you will see
how I did this to my face up hair you
may also notice I have a few spots great
Pablo bar boys up
estee lauder double wear BB moisture
makeup I've just been really liking this
I think it's awesome so I'm just going
to put a tiny bit on the back of my hand
Real Techniques expert face brush
as you can see that is quite glowy so if
you have super and oily skin I would
probably avoid that one a little bit of
concealer this is just the lasting
perfection concealer by collection let's
come back one little spot on my face oh
wait no I got a few I'm collecting them
I'm then going to use a little fluffy
brush this is as a weaver 2 to 7 you can
see I really - freaking powder my face
it's the hard-knock life for us it's the
hard-knock life
it's daddy kisses wait get kicks instead
of kisses I am going to use a bronzer
and as I want this to be quite like a
spring summer beachy kind of thing I'm
going to use bronze goddess by Estee
Lauder which is one of my foods a lot my
stay order in this but if s tables are
loving today I'm going to use this zoeva
107 brush it's quite fluffy it's also
angled and this thing is sold so I'm
just gonna
 in the old tree my teeth look white
today
Colgate reading white using the same
brush because why not I'm going to use
this which a viewer actually gave me in
Dubai and it is the Too Faced it's like
a heart and it has the gorgeous patently
beautiful like highlighting iridescent
powder it says it's called perfect flush
blush I'm going to put that on there for
the perfect flush how is flush a ton for
your face and a turn for getting rid of
body waste oh my god hairs everywhere
now what eyebrows I will just say I am
jus an eyebrow thread session wax
basically I'm just for someone to sort
my eyebrows out so don't judge I'm going
to be using my sacrum glory archery
pencil then hopefully you can see how
well I'm doing it
I think that's just gonna have to do I'm
sorry if this is not perfect guys
pressure of the camera being on is is
just too much on on bronze oil I am
using that as a base and then I want to
use this color which is part of my NARS
is old this one is old i lolled on outer
part of the eye I'm now going to blend
that bad boy out because it looks like
I've been touched in the eye right now
I want to put a little bit of the darker
color just underneath my eye down here
I don't want to use an eyeliner that's
liquid because I feel like it's quite
dramatic for like smokey so I would
rather use an eye pencil so I've got
this one which is a zoeva one and it is
graphic eyes rock and roll bride in the
color rock-and-roll bride it's basically
like a dark brown with tiny tiny specks
of shimmer in them so I'm going to use
this and I'm just going to go along the
lash line and then smudge it out
and then just going to go a little bit
underneath the eye
Charlotte Tilbury always a winner love
it obviously guys it's going to point
out you can do this to any extent you
want if you don't want as much mascara
if you don't want it to be as smoky if
you don't want to use the same colors
this is just you know how I've been
doing lipstick why I'm going to use the
zoeva
what are these magical lip crayons
so that is my makeup completely finished
now on to the hair a lot of you guys
have noticed that I've been wearing a
particular style I actually went on a
shoot not too long ago by the gorgeous
lady that did my hair used some tongs
which were M just like thee or watch
they call that the tapered Tom and she
made me have like beachy waves and I was
like oh my goodness this is amazing I've
always wanted to do this this is a new
me one I haven't heard much about this
brand before but I just want to tell you
guys I would never recommend anything to
you unless I genuinely loved it and this
is one of those things that I was
completely blown away by I'm actually
comes in a pack with lots of different
attachments they get hot super quick
which is good if you're like me and you
don't have a lot of time to your hair
and you've got a lot of it so you'll
find that you Oh already curly
hey before you put heat on your hair
obviously you need to put some heat
protection on I've been loving this dub
one which the lid is really hard to get
off so do it
scuse me oh oh oh yay everyone Cheers
take your tongue wrap it around
what's so much hair I've been is been
 cool we literally hold on or not
long at all
look at that look at that that's insane
I love it because I have quite long hair
and I find it quite difficult to keep a
curl in place because long is heavy but
with this I've not found that to ever
happen my curls can literally last until
I wash my hair next which is insane and
you can brush through them and they
still look really nice if you've seen my
hair recently any blog so it looks like
wavy it's because gray it's because I've
used this and then the next day I just
brush it out
now you can either leave it like this
and I'd like to run my fingers through
it all so good luck pinning this part
I also find that over the space of about
an hour or two the ringlets become less
tight and they drop a little more to
give it that more kind of itchy way so
you know if you don't want them to be as
tight don't hog mom for so long or
spaced out the piece of hair that you're
actually putting on I quite let's do it
quick tight because I like how it drops
after a certain time and yeah that's it
I know it's not the traditional get
ready with me where you go from
literally rolling out of bed to rolling
out the door but I hope you enjoyed it
then less and I hope my skills are
somewhat improving in the whole filming
myself doing my makeup thing it's still
I'm still not there yet it's not perfect
but I tried if you want me to do more of
these then let me know what sort of
makeup styles or hairstyles you'd like
to see combined in the comments and also
if you guys want to get hold of this
hair tool and they've kindly given me a
discount code which are we've in the
description so if you what oh oh but if
you want to go over and purchase one
yourself then um hooked you up hooked
you up good and so down here I would
really really recommend it I honestly
would okay so I'm gonna leave it there
I'm gonna stop rambling and I hope you
guys have had an amazing weekend I will
see you next week
Olivia goodbye
