awesome thanks dad you can leave the
facility now sure yep they're fake
makeup it's my favorites oh yeah over
the Naked palette today only yeah
you've ruined it okay bye
ello everybody today I am gonna do my
may favorites to be honest I'm a bit
astounded at how quickly May has come
and gone it seems like yesterday that I
did my April favorites I'm going to get
into this quickly because apparently I
take a long time talking through some of
my favourite things and I don't want to
hold you up for too long
although I don't know why my mouth is
moving like this the first thing I have
been loving I'm going to just bring this
in because this has helped me immensely
over the last 48 hours basically I had
well I can only describe as a mini egg
sized cyst in my chin down here I don't
want to like point out too much because
it is still there I've had my best to
cover it up but it's it had swollen and
my whole face had also swollen on this
side of my chin and whenever I smiled
like now it's kind of going but whenever
I smile it was like this yeah she has
happened to me before and it leaves like
the side of my face like numb because I
think I have like sensitive nerves in my
chin I'm not really too sure what
happened it was a spot it's now gone
down my face doesn't feel as painful and
I think part of the reason that it's
gone down is due to this I'm not sure if
I've ever mentioned this in a favourites
before I have used it in the camper
session video with Tanya but is the
Kiehl's midnight recovery concentrate
this is a serum that you can apply
before moisturizer before you go to bed
so at night midnight recovery basically
I didn't want to irritate what was on my
face already so I say well away from
makeup I stay well away from touching it
too much I actually did sit with a bag
of peas on my chin at one point and I
think that helped to an extent I was
also doing hot and cold compress
compressed poker breasts I don't really
know I I looked online to see what the
hell could get it away from my face um
and in the evening I just washed my face
using my EMA Hardy cleansing balm
because I know that that's really gentle
on your skin and I didn't scrub too hard
and then I use this and this only and
the next day I noticed such a dramatic
difference like it had reduced in size
so much I also use this anyway but I had
left it out of my routine for a couple
of weeks so I brought it back in when
this appeared this little blighter and
and now it's working wonders so I think
that was my skin's way of being like Zoe
don't stop using your keels or we'll do
this to you I'm just gonna throw this in
there because it's really random and I'm
pretty sure I've featured this in a
previous favorites video maybe last year
or something but it is my favorite
deodorant and I know it might seem odd
to put deodorant into a favorites video
but we all wear it and it's something
that is always going into our baskets
when we're doing like a supermarket shop
or our boots or super drug shop um and
the one I really like using and have
loved using for years and every time I
pick up something different I'm like
it's not the same is the mitchum water
lily one its 48-hour I just really like
the smell they have other cents but I
really like the waterlily one so just
throw this out there if you are fussy
with deodorants like myself then maybe
give us a try it's not expensive
the next thing I've been loving I always
feel like I'm so late on the bandwagon
for things but that's because I never
give in to the hype like always the sort
of person that's like nah I don't
believe the hyper on this product so I'm
just gonna wait a while and that's the
Naked palette just the original Naked
palette I don't even know how old this
is now but there's three of them and
this is the original ones that I have
been loving it comes with two four six
eight ten twelve are shadows or in
varying different neutral shades
there's not many matte shades in this in
fact I think there's one - too much
shades and the rest are shimmer um but
I've just been really enjoying using
this my
favourite ones to use our sidecar and
half-baked and smog so those three
colors and I've just found that I've put
them across my lid and then done a
little bit of like smoky pencil or a cat
eye flick and then I'm good to go
I've just I don't know I just had this
in my makeup bag and I've been reaching
for it a lot kid I'm definitely feature
this in a favourites before but I'm
bringing it back because as I said my
skin's got a bit a wall um so this
cover-up spots is the best concealer
ever ever ever
it's the makeup forever full cover
extreme camouflage cream waterproof
everything there is very stay on your
face cover everything so I've been
really liking that and I've got that in
color 3 next thing is another soap &
Glory product I picked up the super cat
black liquid liner a lot of people
recommend this one actually and I wanted
to give it a go so I bought it I found
it really really great it's really dark
black it's really easy to apply if you
are new to liquid liner or you find it
really really difficult like I do then
you will need something like this it's
basically like a sharpie but a lot more
gentle on your eyes that a sharpie would
be good value for money
so the Dori I really like the packaging
and I think that if you know you know
and it lasts a long time
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do this next
thing is a nail polish that's the one
this is an Essie one and I think this is
one of the new races I saw this in Boots
when I was shopping with Gaby and it is
gorgeous I currently have this on my
tootsies although I'm still not sure
about blue on toenails but yeah I did
have it on my nails but now I've got a
pink and it is called
cocktail bling it's just a really pretty
muted grey blue and I just think that's
really nice for spring beauty fall the
next thing I wanted to talk about has
disappeared
I found some socks I think these might
be Tyler's or Troy's quarries or Conners
guys did any of you leave some socks
another skincare item that I've been
loving is courtesy of Miss Caroline
hyerin's if you don't know who she is I
will leave her blog below she is
basically a guru in all things skincare
she's amazing and I made her look at my
skin off
Caroline what's wrong with my skin tell
me what's wrong with my skin what can I
do to improve my skin and she suggested
using the pixie glow tonic which is a
exfoliating facial tonic smooth and
refined skin texture gently exfoliate
remove dead skin cells so it's basically
a liquid exfoliant I just I really like
this I really really like this I think
it's improving my skin a lot besides a
little weird hormonal breakouts I've had
recently which I don't really know
what's from this I've been loving so
much I just literally pour it onto a
cotton pad swipe all over my face and
pin it and then not this but the cotton
pad and then carry on with the rest of
my skincare and I don't even think this
is that pricey you can buy pixie things
in copper garden I think they've got a
standalone store but I bought this
online so if you're looking for an
exfoliant um that's not as harsh as the
alpha H liquid gold which I've also
previously used but I've found that to
be a bit too harsh on my skin then this
is something that you could definitely
look into trying whoa
random thing again is a shower wash I
love shower washes you know something
that you use again every day something
that is quite easy to change up and that
you use quite quickly so I am constantly
buying and trying new ones this one is a
pink grapefruit body sorbet um pink
grapefruit it's just one of my favorite
smells I absolutely love it oh it takes
everything in me to not lick this
oh my god I've just read the back and it
says that it's a boy moisturizer I've
been using this as a shower gel
no wonder my skin feels so great after
he used it Oh God
okay yeah that kind of feels good too oh
wow well done Zoey you've been using
something in the shower that you're not
supposed to use in the shower it's very
misleading look at the color of it it's
clear and see-through and shower gel
like damn it no I feel silly
so I have two random things first one is
a film which I watched the other day or
the other week with Tyler Troy and
Connor and it is called now and then
this is actually a film from the 90s
I remember watching this with my friend
when I was about 9 or 10 maybe maybe
younger than that actually and it was an
amazing film then and it is an amazing
film now don't be put off by the fact
that this is an old film it has some
really like hard-hitting serious like
family teenage issues in it and as we
were watching it we were just like this
is amazing oh I just wish I'd remembered
I had this as a teenager I feel like
this could help so many people in a non
obvious way um have some great actresses
in it um great music it's set in the 70s
um I just I love it if you need like a
good film to watch with your friends or
you fancy like reminiscing back to the
90s or 70s it's got a mixture of both
then give this a watch because I really
really love it heartwarming comedy about
the childhood of mischeif of four best
friends who reunite after 20 years good
good good love it
I kind of want to watch it now second
thing is again really late to the party
but it's Prison Break
um I don't know why Alfie decided one
day
we were going to watch a prison break I
remember being on skype to Louise and
Alfie saying I've got something super
exciting that we can do tonight and in
my mind I'm thinking go from me all
ghosts to know and we do oh my god I'm
so excited and then you said let's watch
Prison Break and in my head I was like
it's not quite the romantic um scenario
that I had in mind
um um then when he came back and we
started watching it I was instantly
hooked now it started back in 2005 so we
have gone right back to start to watch
all of the series I think there may be
four or five I'm not too sure um and I'm
just absolutely loving it
every time it ends it's like on a
cliffhanger and you have to talk to the
next one it's so good I kind of feel
like this is replaced by Breaking Bad
even though it's kind of done it in the
wrong order
um but yeah I'm loving it so if you like
sort of nitty gritty prison drama series
which you might not but I didn't think I
would either then give that a watch and
we're watching Netflix so I don't know
if you can get more DVD I think that is
pretty much everything I've been loving
this month let me know in the comments
what you have been loving and if you're
going to give anything I mentioned to
try or watch anything um hope you have
all had an amazing week and I will see
you again very soon bye
