hello everybody I am here with Joey I
love you I love the Panda today we are
gonna do so what's in my mouth challenge
which I've been really hesitant to film
because I have a really like crap gag
reflex and I don't like the unknown okay
well this is a very bad video for you
then well I should turn off this will
still be friends that you do not doing
anything I'm gonna regress continue is
it meant to look like a problem there's
nothing that's gonna give me food
poisoning is that no it's not okay we're
gonna start off with this you can bite
it yeah
this one you can't touch this one you
open your mouth really wide oh no oh my
god what is that
nothing okay
one last thing I don't even know what
this is right
oh my god it smells disgusting No
I was actually doing
my lips are on fire oh yeah I'm sorry
anyone you want menthol Zoey Oh looks
like I got a sunburn Oh means oh it
feels like literally my crutch put my
lips on a fire yeah
oh my god it hurts so bad it doesn't
hurt my tongue anymore my lips how do we
get rid of it milk thank you so much to
me let me know if you like this video I
love something with thumbs up we also
found a video you want Joey channel
where I fed him some ham ha oh well I
made him some lovely British things with
a blindfold and he didn't and what many
where one of them was quite bad I don't
think anything nothing is like that oh
my god give video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and please don't forget to go
and subscribe to Joey once you're over
there he does stay the video so you will
never be disappointed and either best
