hello everybody I am going to be doing a
whole video for you today I remember the
last minute haul but what I do remember
is the last time I went shopping which I
would like to say was over a couple of
different shopping trips I didn't do
this all in one go I'm not that crazy
although you know it wouldn't spike the
cherche motorbike mmm okay so I went a
little bit spring/summer crazy
there was a reason behind this it's not
the reason but there was a reason behind
it I want to do a lookbook soon so I
wanted to go around all the different
high street stores and see what there
was in there and what I could show you
guys and how I would put these things
together so really I went shopping for
your benefit yeah that's the reason it's
the first place that I went to was
actually Urban Outfitters first thing I
found was this um this is a crop top it
is also like a very thin jumper like
material and it has bat wings
I love bat wings not actual bats wings
but these I just really like the feel of
it I like this like cozy I've also been
loving crop tops recently but sometimes
they can make you feel a bit chilly
because crop tops usually either come
with very short sleeves or no sleeves
and this is like a jumper II type crop
top so I am loving this a lot don't
actually have a slight tie-dye effect I
don't know if you can see that the next
thing I picked up um is a little bit on
the pricey side but I love it again it
is kind of big its oversized but it is
this jumper it is great and black and
white and have a pop of yellow
it was the pop of yellow that actually
made me love it I am loving yellow at
the moment I just think it looks so
spring and so so spring you just look so
spring pretty
it's got daisies on it who doesn't like
daisies this one I wasn't sure about but
I really liked the idea of it it's got a
high
neck and it has very very thin string
like um what's that bit cold straps of
it if you're wearing like a strapless
bra and you need like a crop top
it just is a bit more loose and just
hangs down I don't really know I just
liked it and it screamed out at me on
the shelf so I picked it up and bought
it these are possibly one of my favorite
purchases from the whole of this hall
and they are these our just flick flick
with over there they're just so cute and
pretty there's a little drawstring here
the print is um I don't know if you're
gonna be able to actually see that but
it has tiny little flowers like um
embroidered into it and it has very cute
little lace along the bottom and then
the last two things that I got I got
these earrings because I am NOT a
massive earring person which you may
have noticed as I just very rarely have
earrings in anymore
I used to be a lot more of an earrings
person but now I just I don't know I
always feel like because I've got such a
small face that the earrings that I wear
is they're quite big it's kind of like
oh like I don't know it just looks
really odd um so if I do wear earrings
they'll be small little ones um so I
picked these up which just say body
jewelry and I also picked up some
scrunchies because I am loving
scrunchies right now and I only have two
so I think it's about time I picked up
some more I just got these navy and
white ones one spotty one stripy and
yeah just just like that the next place
that I went to was River Island now
revile and have some amazing things in
right now you know there's like all
these different shops that you go to on
the high street and every now and then
there'll be a shop that massively
disappoints for me at the moment that's
warehouse I just feel like there is
nothing in warehouse that I liked at all
I was in there for so long so um yeah at
the moment not loving warehouse and
loving River Island as you can see first
thing I got is this little floral like
and I just think this one looks so
pretty in your hair like if you're on
holiday or just anytime wear it to bed
why not jewelry why's it hit pick up
some rings actually Alfie picked these
for me they are it's like a stack of
gold-plated
rings and the reason I love the jewelry
in revile 'end is because they do extra
small ring size I have teeny tiny
fingers in fact sometimes I wear the
like knuckle rings that go here actually
on my hands as no more rooms so the fact
they have extra small is amazing this is
a finger top ring I'm gonna wear it on
my little finger and it's a silver one
shoe wise I had been on the hunt for a
pair of shoes like this for quite a
while because I don't really have
anything in between a shoe and a sandal
and so I felt like this was like a nice
in-between so I picked up these these
are so cute I just really like them you
can wear them without socks but they
also look so adorable with socks because
you can see them coming through the
little things but it also means if
you've not painted your toenails which
was the issue that I had this morning
you can just put these on and no one
will ever know if you care that much I
picked up this um which is a crop top I
am really liking this style of top at
the moment as you know where a lot of
disco pants there are a lot of high
waisted things so things like this I am
becoming brave enough to wear I really
love the colors in this there's a lot of
black and navy in the shops at the
moment which I love and I just really
liked this short tribal print if you saw
my Italy blog or you met me in Italy or
you saw my Instagram's you'll see that I
wore a kimono which is not something I
had ever worn previously but I fell in
love with it and ever since wearing it
I've been like I just need to find an
excuse to wear another one or I'll just
buy another one
I really liked mine because it was quite
subtle the colors want to in your face
that you couldn't wear it with any other
color and so I opted for something quite
similar so it is black and white but I
just
you like it it's got the black castles
and it's got roses embroidered on it and
yeah I just think it's really nice like
even on top of this I think it would
look cool so got that lovely jubbly the
last thing I got in river island is this
which is a jumper
slash pullover is very see-through so
you would wear this on top of something
else or underneath something if you
wanted to it's very sort of like I can't
think of a word it feels nice you know
where something feels like a really nice
quality um I just really love this color
I think it's super pretty it's like that
greeny yellowy shade that's like
everywhere at the moment this goes
really nicely with the color of my dress
in fact I feel very feel like a tutti
frutti right now next I went to Miss
Selfridge now at the moment I think Miss
Selfridge is up there with my favorite
high street shops for clothes at the
moment I am just loving everything in
there I got this dress from there um I
don't know if you watch any of my
previous videos and you'll see that a
lot of the things I'm wearing are from
Miss Selfridge gained if you're small
like myself they do smaller sizes which
is amazing because sometimes it can be
really difficult as it can be if you're
on the other end of the scale if you're
smaller shorter or a bit or petite or
you've got a small bit here and a large
bit here or large bits here and small
bits here and bring you to my waist but
you can't see it looks that looks wrong
boy stick to my waist first thing I got
I get all my jeans all my leggings all
my trousers from there right now spotted
these they look like they come appears
pair of jeans I've ever seen in my whole
entire life so I did pick them up they
are high waisted so they look really
nice with the crop tops and they're just
like a jegging Jean tight stretchy
material and I just think they're really
really lovely quality they're called
ankle grazes super high waist ankle
grazer whoa I also picked up another one
of those sorts of tops this is in I
don't know what this type of blue is
called someone tell me I love it I think
this is my favorite color blue I'm going
to see if they've written it on here
they have not and I've got another one
this one is a boy
I really like that they're high-neck so
you're not showing off anything here but
then their crop just so you showing off
a little bit there so I feel like it
shows off just the right amounts of
things and the last thing that I picked
up is this I just think this is really
cute I'm really pretty it's a playsuit
and it's blue with white flowers and
it's got pockets and it's just a floaty
bottom half but it's shorts so I like
that I definitely went overboard in case
you hadn't noticed yet oh I also bought
these which are having a crisis so I
picked up this necklace which has two
coins stuck together and that is gold
and I also picked up this one which is
silver and it has three coins dangling
down I'm a little bit obsessed with
Quinn jewelry at the moment you may have
noticed that as well next place I went
to was new look um new look for me is
again quite hit-and-miss
I don't know whether there's ever going
to be anything in there that I hate or
love so I always go in and have a little
look just to make sure so they had um
this top which is kind of like a loose
baggy top with the most amazing print on
it she goes quite nicely with the color
of my dress if only I had this dress in
like shorts baggy top with a beautiful
print I just think this is amazing and
they had it in matching scores which is
shorts that look like a skirt they had a
matching one of this so they had it like
an outfit and it looked like the most
gorgeous place suit I've ever seen in my
life they didn't have the shorts in my
size so I just opted for the top and I
just thought I could pair that with
something else had another print the
same so they have the top and they had
it with this instead so it's a little
bit more read and it has a pop of blue
in it a little bit less florescent um
and they have the shorts in my size but
not the top so I'm not going to wear
them together because I feel like that
could be a bit of a clash but I really
love these I've never tried to wear a
skort before that was I called skort I
think so and because again
if I'm like dressing up slightly like I
would say I was dressing up slightly if
I was wearing these anywhere I wanted
some shoes which were not high they
weren't heels and they were like
platform shoes but they were low and
pretty to wear with something like this
so I found these which I think go quite
cute with this but you'll have to wait
until the lookbook to see how I how this
all comes together these are just really
low heeled sandals and they're in a red
which I never thought I would ever go
for but I really like them went into
Primark now I was most disappointed you
know how much I love Primark I don't
know if it's just the brighton store or
just the choice at the brighton still
make but it was just not good um I
didn't have a good time there and it
really makes me miss the Bristol Primark
because that Primark is just the best
thing ever so I went in there expecting
great things and came up with two things
one of which isn't even an item of
clothing but I'm going to show you
anyway because it kind of connects with
clothes um but the first thing that I
picked up was this sleeveless long shirt
it's great and it just has really pretty
flowers on it and I just thought this
would look really nice to touch into
some denim shorts or in with some jeans
or something the other thing that I
picked up in there were some hangers
these hangers though I live by these
hangers if you have wooden hangers in
your wardrobe why why I reckon the width
of these 8:10 even the width of these 10
hangers is the equivalent of two wooden
ones think how much more clothes you can
get in your wardrobe with these plus
they're called flock I think that could
flock okay well their flock hang it so
they're like a bit grippy and they're
called non-slip so basically if you have
silky tops silky dresses anything that
normally would slip off of a plastic or
wooden hanger it won't with these and
that was it can you believe that sort it
out Brighton Promark does anybody know
where
the nearest massive Primark is to
Brighton because that's where I need to
go like a big one
Thanks so we're in the comments last
place I went to was Zara this obviously
is very Zooey it has a little color it's
a very very lovely like sherbet lemon
color and it's like Empire line baby
doll slightly I guess and pie line at
the top and it just hangs down it's
really really pretty so instantly fell
in love with fat when I walked in the
next thing I instantly fell in love with
with these shorts again very cute again
white game lacy
they have just this gorgeous like
crochet at the bottom um I just think I
mean who wouldn't want that there's some
cute and they also has these in lots of
different colors as well so if you like
them go and check them out they also did
not have very many left and the one that
I went to so go fast for those someone
have been wearing the most plain outfit
and the one thing that really stands out
and makes the outfit look amazing is the
necklace and I don't really have
anything like that I like to wear really
understated kind of plain jewelry so I
don't have many things that stand out
too much and then I saw this Oh which I
absolutely love the last thing is my
most oh item because I saw it on the
hanger and I was like oh they look cool
I wonder if I can pull those off which
always goes through my mind with a
number of slightly out of my comfort
zone items the majority are like put it
back and like now I'm Way too uncool I
can't pull those off they look scary um
but this time when I looked at these I
was like I really want to try and make
these work so I bought them but my
initial thought was are these gonna look
like I'm wearing my pajamas around
outside the house
I'm thinking with a pair of heels and
maybe the bottom rolled up slightly and
a tight t-shirt or maybe a t-shirt
tucked in and a blazer maybe just maybe
they could work if not these are going
to have to go back but if any of you
have got these let me know what you wear
them with um if you see me in the street
wearing them please don't tell me to go
home and get dressed out of my pajamas
that is everything and if any of you are
planning on doing any shopping
yourselves or you know redoing your
spring wardrobe then I hope that that's
given you a little bit of an insight
into what's currently in the shops and
which ones are worth popping into I am
gonna go and put all this away now
because I'm just super excited to see on
hangers and to get it all organized
because I am a free thank you so much
for watching I hope you enjoyed this
video and I hope that you are having a
great day I hope you enjoyed this video
give a thumbs up if you did and I'll see
you again very soon Oh
