hello everybody today I am going to do
another hair tutorial for you since you
are all loving them so much which I'm
really surprised about because I thought
I was rubbish at hair I could still be
rubbish but at least I'm helping some of
you managed to do some different styles
and achieve different looks I did a
video with Marcus not too long ago and
in it I had the milkmaid braids as
they're called or one rode over here one
brought over here is quite similar to
the halo braid I did but in this one
we're actually taking all of the hair so
it's more of like an updo rather than
something really small and simple just
to accentuate one style again it's not
the hardest thing ever so I'm not saying
I'm going to help you achieve miracles
because you might already know how to do
it
but for those of you that have asked
which was quite a lot of you I'm going
to do it for you today
I used the Trez mate renewal hair and
scalp shampoo and conditioner which has
sunflower seed oil in it which is
actually one of my favorite ever things
in hair stuff I'm saying that I don't
really know that any time I've ever used
any product with sunflower seed oil in
it my hair has greatly appreciated it
this is just a really nice shampoo
conditioner for really soft manageable
nice hair and I thoroughly enjoy using
this so the first thing I kind of want
to do is because my hair is quite flat
today as I've just washed it normally
this style is a lot better on to day or
three day old hair when you kind of want
to cover up a little bit and you started
getting a bit greasy I'm going to put a
bit of dry shampoo in it just to give it
a bit more lift a bit more texture this
dry shampoo is the etre a instant
refresh volumizing dry shampoo
much whatever fit but as you can see I
have now got a lot more volume and a lot
more texture in my hair so it's going to
make it a little bit more easy now to do
the style I'm actually going to backcomb
a tiny bit and just tease my hair at the
root and we're done
first thing you're going to want to do
is to split your hair down the middle
take your fringe out because you want to
keep the out of the plat anyway leave a
little bit out here as well take rest of
the hair back and then you want to
separate it down the back I'm now just
going to keep this little bit of hair
out the way just using a clear elastic
band looks like I'm going for some sort
of like little pigtail just doing a
general three strand plat so you're just
going to take one section off this side
a middle section and an end section
basically three pieces of hair go into
the middle and then the next one into
the middle and you just carry that on
pending on how big or spaced out you
want your plat to look you can do it
either tight or you can do it quite
loose I'm gonna do mine somewhere in the
middle because I think I'll stretch my
own out a tiny bit once it's on my
and then use my take a clear elastic
band and you just want to pop that on
the end you get hold of some of these
they're super useful I pretty much use
them all the time next flat as you can
see it looks as though one side of my
hair is thicker than the other don't
worry
um just it's fine to go with it I take
the plat and sort of turn it this way so
not turning it that way turning it this
way and take it and literally bring it
over your head you can make it as loose
or as tight as you want it on this side
and then I'm just going to kick some
pins and secure it on this side this bit
is slightly more trial and error because
you want to see sort of where the pins
can go and you also want to try and hide
the pins as much as you can and you just
want to cover that small part of the
plat and you just want to bring it over
and you want to secure the end just
under there in
the star of the other one makes no sense
but hopefully with the footage you get
what I mean
I didn't do a very good job of hiding
the pins the first time I did it but the
more you do it the easier it becomes now
you can leave these little bits straight
if you want to you can pull it out you
can make it look a bit more messy if you
want to I quite like how mine looks
today
although sometimes I think it's quite
nice to make the plots look a bit wider
you can also do that I'm going to curl
these little bits down here I'm just
going to use my straightness and away
from the face fringe do the same
and then just to secure it in place a
little bit more I'm going to use some
hairspray this one is the vo 5 ultimate
hold hairspray love this stuff is really
good in different humidities which is a
good thing for spring you can also pull
that the back of your hair where you've
back combed it if you don't want to be
as neat and there you have it that is my
milkmaid braid style if you like I'd
love to see you guys recreating this so
don't forget to tweet me pictures and
pop mod Instagram my Twitter and
Instagram is at the Zozi bow I'll put a
little link here and I really hope you
enjoyed this video please don't forget
to leave suggestions for other
hairstyles that you'd like me to try and
recreate for you and I'll see you very
soon
