hey legend Chapman hi those Oh sir
welcome my video thanks very much we
decided that because we have a great
friendship but it doesn't often you
don't often get to see we spent much
more time not filming and hanging on
yeah we spend more time being friends
off camera than on camera and obviously
I think it's nice to have a guy as and
they because you get lots of weight nice
benefits like they can lift you in an
emergency and so we're going to give
each other scenarios just to see I've
had regime scenarios he doesn't know
mine just to see what our answers would
be and if we really are true friends
yeah is a hypothetical scenario number
one if I was to put myself on a roller
coaster and I find it in you and ask for
your help
surrounded by all of our friends what
would you do so you take me to one side
taking you to one side you look viewers
next to me and it happen okay you four
Suites gonna notice because it don't
walk yeah everyone forced me to go on
the road mister I don't like very kisses
I mean I choked myself
firstly I would have them a little
giggle yes yeah a little bit but I mean
you'd expect me to I'd probably pick you
up carrying luggage to the bathroom I'm
sitting down the say right you can
yourself up ladies room I'll go and get
you some novelty short some weight now
it looks like this actually happened at
Universal because this did it happen
didn't know she was just too much too
hot I hope so you can't go into the
bathroom with you and there's a limit to
just how much I should see I think I
mean I'm don't I don't mind here you
pull up is that the kind of ask you look
people yeah yeah that's really great to
know I'll bear that in mind good if it
ever happens my person was also fear
related I'm gonna say which hour later
now I've got a piece of bellybutton
I have a piece of fluff in my
bellybutton right
you know I can't touch bellybutton yeah
I can't let anyone touch mine either
what happens I would hate Kim you guy
down on some relaxing music well maybe I
could tangle Donna already good for a
bit okay I put something on to distract
you and then um I'd be talking away to
you so you have no idea all right Iman
getting all creepy see you and then I
would find like a maybe like a cotton
bud oh oh I'm like a little like wooden
popsicle stick what are those things
that you stick into sausage from Oh like
a cocktail stick I use game also another
way I would distract you is maybe I
would get Tanya to like doing naked
dance in front of you it's got really
weird
this is that's naked while you're
fiddling with my belly button
yeah really nice that I did that's good
yeah I think is I couldn't that's
probably the best option we couldn't
lead it that yeah you have to get it out
somehow how would you know
oh we had time to do it why because she
has absolutely no hand-eye coordination
she shakes and also she gets very
excited when she doesn't sort of thing
and she would she would make a mess of
the idea the whole thing would be
horrible don't have to be here if I was
having a really bad day what would you
do to cheer me up
um first I'll come to you wherever you
are that's okay and I guess I don't know
literally just hang out be your slave
for the day so I thought that kind of
times before I need your guinea pig
hutch you did um yeah Richard it'd be
here with watched films that Disney
stuff would sing and with dance and what
would be pizza yes victory and he'll
probably make pal cookies too
and then hey first oh yes so happy
perfect perfect answer is exactly what I
would need Oh No
what would you do if I told you that I
killed someone
hey first thing I would say very calm
take three steps back I would say no Jim
this is something that's been really
beating you up when'd it happened and
how it happened so that wasn't murder
so what yeah someone disrespective
things like that um what are you a saint
don't tell the police
yeah well yeah maybe I maybe I've just
done it and I might wanna do that how
you helped me hide the body got blood on
my hands
my alliance with depends how it was
because if it was like Marcus Marcus Joe
my matrix is policing could you call
murder people rose early come on what I
would do is I would console you and then
I would because you'd obviously be a bit
of a mess I'd be like look Jim this is
not in your you're not in your right
mind to plan it happened we must take
you to the police station well all the
doctors calling the police is probably
the worst y'all just killed one person
I still got that baby hey if your son's
fill the plate you're next on my list I
should hope if you ever did murder
someone you wouldn't want me to call the
police on you nice you know I'm really
good maybe my best friend was that
making a good friend really deep down
well no because I'm going to get my ass
kicked in jail big people like me don't
do whatever you give someone huh you
should be better friend if I borrowed
your car and I crushed it and it was
mmm-hmm what would be your immediate
reaction
well my first actually oh my god is okay
nice and then it's insured isn't it
it's already cool I really don't care
about the car in fact we've got quite a
New Leash car quite recently a few years
old but I really like it a time scratch
it twice so this happens every time for
the poo story okay so I'm on the train
is a very busy train oh my to London now
I never
I rarely didn't lose you never pick I
don't do those I hate your whole the
whole butall thing whose I'm not I'm not
in to prove some reason on this train
journey it's horrendous
and it's sticky maybe it was the bacon
butty Koopman yeah it will swell G
something happened anyway I have won a
cool anyone because I'm like everyone's
going to judge me and the end person oh
cool was you okay okay what what what do
you baby so I'm not on the train with
you
no no I wasn't on the train to London
and I'm like two hours away we were in
the bathroom well no I didn't get to the
back it was a busy train so I just sat
in your own - okay technically yes I
call you and I really hope there's not
that many around you BJ oh okay
so once you call me that means everyone
in close proximity nosy food yourself
right I mean I probably already know it
is quite smelly okay I would say Jim get
off at the next stop
whatever you do in London is not like a
stop living so get off none of the
people around you you'll ever have to
see again hopefully none of my viewers
hmm and then I would say going to the
men's toilet
clean up what you can and you know
they've got your washer like a hand
dryer or if you were not too far away
from me I would I would say stay in the
toilet and I'll come to you with some
pants and some trousers and then I'll
send you back off on the train on the
way yeah I don't think the reason I ask
this is that if you just make the best
of a bad situation
an ebay the must must have happened to
some people if this has ever happened to
you what did you do all right what would
you do if I told you that myself and
John were engaged and I was pregnant
with his baby
Jonathan my brother yeah well firstly I
wonder how many men once right and
secondly love some question about Alfie
does he know right what's going on like
is everyone okay and protected sure I
think I'm really great overall after the
dust settled because I can get to be an
uncle again so a kid my brothers very
good-looking and you're quiet I have to
be a really cute kid I think so great so
I'll see you slide Alfie no once you get
past all that Fitness I think it'd be
quite any cool job yeah you get married
but then the a divorce shortly after
because I don't see you do you make a
mistake you could couple and then I'm
left with a baby okay
why would you that would be so weird
though I'd be part of your family
yeah officially ha
well meantime I'd be married so is there
another sister yeah this is real oh then
you'd be my brother-in-law be your mum
will be my mother-in-law yeah oh and
your dad would be my dad in law yeah I
love greater woody right but you know I
know you Joe
yawns no marry me I'm just getting to
marry my dad yeah oh yeah I loved him so
today you've really done this one is
very hypothetical and really weird okay
so it's not like killing someone
no no she's been bitten by a vampire
right I thought no idea what happens I
don't know that means gonna become a
vampire or what I'm pretty much talked
about it you do I would say we put a
little plaster on it who drew plaster on
my jugular which is David exploiting a
lot well it's carved out of it okay what
I would do is I would be like well
where's the vampire now because I'm
terrified so if you was far away I put
up okay great now come in then I would
make you stick your head over the town I
run some water on it and throw some salt
on it just yeah I'm not sure like a
supernatural bite of I'm not ready to
worry about the media sites I don't know
whether it's don't go I think pouring
tepid water on it release it by Lori
yeah so the plaster and then I would
take you to a hospital okay because then
they can I'm not sure that's really our
time looking for what did you maybe you
should lock me in the room and the
windows see if I react to sunlight or or
give me garlic yeah I don't want to be a
vampire so you could be on probably
rather die than have to live off human
blood for the rest of time so you could
experiment with me and give me a holy
water to see how I do give up Jim if I
go into the hospital they might ever fix
it don't you kill fun about the RISM
everybody no NHS if you're zombie then I
would lock you in a room because that
was freaking yeah more if you are about
tyranny oh we weren't too sure if you
were going to be
not if I can go Edward Cullen stuff and
just live on like vegetable nice baby
range yeah they're not fine I won't hurt
anyone
vampires notoriously killing people
really I'm a little bit people oh yeah
they killin this I forgot out and we
died but they didn't kill you
I've got ways I'm really strong man okay
on all week well I think we're great
friends yeah they go we also have a
video if I'm Jim's channel what do we do
Jim we did the language challenge and it
was really difficult
we lost our large so so make sure to
click Jim's little face now all are the
link in the description box and also
make sure you subscribe to him cuz he's
awesome and I always like to say that
he's like the male version of me yes
exactly just much much more attractive
guys for watching
