so you stay focused on my hand no not my
face my hand and come back to the hand
okay
I'm hoping this is a focus dig god
alright now that's something I really
miss saying since I've not lived in
Wiltshire alright laughs how are you
going you're right oh good good yeah
it's proper Wiltshire lat shout out to
all those will wilt Sirians Wiltshire
Wiltshire people missing yeah I'm gonna
do a favorite it's been a while I didn't
do a favorites in March because any I
was ill be I was in playlist
see I can't Rob the trim off any other
excuses I just a new one so I've got a
lot of things I want to go through so
I'm gonna get started so I've got some
random favourites in here as well it's
not all beauty it's a right old mixture
first one I have already shown you in my
last video or video before that the
makeup video which is the archery brow
tint and precision precision precision
shaper for your eyebrows this is by soap
& Glory I don't know if I just said that
and I just love it I have to admit I've
used it every day now for the last six
weeks and the felt tip which is the end
I really really like it starting to dry
up so I'm gonna have to look into
getting another one but if any of you
are interested in how long it lasts then
that might give you a bit of a rough
idea
and obviously the pencil end which I'm
not really too sure if it's pencil or
wax it's kind of like a weird in-between
that will obviously last a lot longer
basically this is just perfect eyebrows
made easy and it's affordable and I love
it so so good next thing I've been
really loving is I don't know if any of
you noticed but in my makeup video
I wasn't powdering my face now I have
this really weird theory is it's
probably not true it's just something
that I've kind of has always been stuck
with me and that is that if I powder my
face it becomes very much looking
and I prefer my face to look quite jewy
because I have dry patches and I just
kind of feel like if you're using a
foundation that is going to give you a
Jew effect putting a matte powder on top
kind of defeats the point of having the
Jewish foundation I also noticed my
makeup just was not lasting very long
I'm the sort of person that has makeup
that by 6 p.m. has literally all gone
apart from a bit of black under my eyes
like Pandor eyes basically and besides
that it's just all gone like literally
I'll have to redo my whole makeup and I
knew there was I knew I was doing
something wrong and I thought maybe it's
because I'm not using a primer because
I'm too lazy for a primer I know it's
really bad and then I decided to start
powdering my face especially in my oily
areas which is essentially just my
t-zone and the rest is dry so I dug
around my makeup stash and I found this
which is an urban decay powder it's
called naked light and it's naked skin
ultra definition pressed finishing
powder and I liked the sound of it it
sounded really nice it's the perfect
shade for me and I have been loving it I
can't even tell I'm completely powder
converted now and it glides on lovely it
sits really nicely on the skin it
doesn't look powdery it doesn't look
chalky um it makes your face just look
photoshopped
that's the only way I can explain it not
that you need to photoshop your face we
all know how bad photoshopping is and
we're all beautiful without any powder
or any makeup anyway but it has made my
makeup I think I just broke it
I didn't it's made my makeup last a
whole lot longer and so for this I'm
very grateful thank you very much
another thing that is Pro Longwear and
is prolongs the wear of things is a
concealer that I saw Gaby of Velvet
ghost use I will link her videos and her
channel
description I absolutely love Gabi so
much I can literally sit and watch her
videos back-to-back she's hilarious
I just think me and her would just get
on so very well so yeah go check her out
if you haven't already she recommended
Mac Pro Longwear concealer as I said I
was having real trouble keeping my
makeup on my face and also my under-eye
concealers just weren't cutting it and I
felt like I've been quite tired recently
and I felt like it just wasn't really
doing its job so I opted for this I have
things is going to last me a real time
like this is a lot of concealer and it
comes out and a little pump it is really
thick in consistency it does cover dark
circles it does cover blemishes
and as it says it does last a hell of a
lot longer than any other concealer that
I have tried to use under my eyes bit
more pricey than the collection or the
Rimmel wake me up but um I have really
been enjoying this and I got this in the
shade nw20 lastly for makeup is a
bronzer I don't have a lot of matte
bronzers and if I do they're very pricey
and I wanted to see what I could find in
the high street that was not so
expensive and a slightly lighter because
at the end of last year I had a bit more
of a tan so all my bronzers appear quite
dark at the moment and I was like okay
I'm just starting to look a little bit
muddy so I went on the search for a
matte bronzer which was not too dark and
what was that I mean it was my guinea
pig and I came across this which is the
l'oreal glam bronze in golden bronze
which is oh six and it's just this
really simple basic bronzer it's not
entirely matte if you look really
closely it does have slight golden
shimmer but you can barely notice it
when it's on your face and it's just a
really light bronzer it just complements
my skintone really well at the moment
and for L'Oreal I was just majorly
impressed I have a lot of high-end
bronzers and I've been using this over
there and currently because I love it
so so much it's the perfect
lovely consistency really easy to blend
and if any of you on the hunt for a
bronzer this one looks like this is
really great it also has a brush for
on-the-go and a mirror but I don't tend
to use these because um I mean unless
you want like a stripe or you know yes
okay skin care okay I talked about this
issue first and I try and say it really
quickly I recently discovered at the end
of last year that I am allergic around
my eye is too chunky glitter so anything
that's not shimmer and just is a
slightly beyond shimmer around my eyes
is not good and will completely leave my
eyes irritated red itchy crusty around
my eyes it just looks terrible puffy
it's really saw it it hurts to open my
eyes and I've had a few allergic
reactions since then which I have found
so difficult to get the skin under my
eyes back to how it used to be I just
felt like how it was they were so
dehydrated and they were so quiet I was
using so many different eye creams I
could honestly give you a rundown of
about 15 I creams my eyes have never
been the same since makeup has never
applied the same under my eyes it's
always sort of gathered here I kind of
felt like I had premature wrinkles
around my eyes where it was so
dehydrated and so just I can't even
explain how awful it looked with makeup
I actually got really self-conscious
about it for a while and I was like why
is this happening I was then
scouring the internet and I was like
right I need to find an eye cream that
is going to sort this out and it has to
be hardcore and I noticed a lot of
people recommended the Kiehl's creamy
eye treatment with avocado this isn't
new news this has been around for a
really long time and a lot of people
have raved about this for a really long
time so I'm not too sure why I only just
saw all maybe I should give that a go um
but I have been using this for the past
two weeks and I feel like my eyes up
literally almost back to normal this is
a godsend I'm obsessed with this every
night every morning I apply it it feels
really nice to blend really hydrating oh
god I just I could not recommend this
enough it may be pricey but an eye cream
I always find lost to you a really long
time it's not like a moisturizer where
you have to apply it to the whole of
your face you're literally taking tiny
little bits and just patting them along
under your eye on your just above your
cheekbone so you know it's I think this
was 23 pounds and this is the 14 gram
tub and I know that sounds expensive
but I was so desperate for something to
help with my eyes and I just feel like I
would have paid four times this amount
to have the result that I've seen from
it I absolutely love it I need to shut
up because clearly I should I mean me to
get a room next skincare thing is
something that I bought in the airport
before going to Orlando Florida for
playlist live I wanted a face cream that
I instantly fell in love with and
noticed massive difference with I'm very
fussy with moisturizers I use them for a
couple of weeks get bored don't notice
any changes and move on to another one
which is probably not what you're
supposed to do but I just get bored of
moisturizers I wanted something that
would make my skin feel hydrated during
the flight as I hadn't brought anything
with me to moisturize my face with and
as you know airplanes can really dry out
your skin and I have a feeling although
I've not ever been to a dermatologist I
have feeling I have very dehydrated skin
that's just the general idea I have so I
found this in the Clinique counter and
it is the Moisture Surge extended thirst
relief if you have dry skin reading
those words Moisture Surge extended
thirst relief just sounds amazing
especially when you're about to get on
like a nine hour flight you're like that
is what I need
bought it not really expecting that it's
just thinking this will be nice to have
on the plane or days where my skin is
feeling really dehydrated
and it needs a bit more life in it and a
bit of hydration you know um I'm halfway
through this stuff is incredible I
absolutely love it for once I've not got
bored of a moisturizer I enjoy using
this still and it has been over a month
it's very thin it's not a thick
moisturizer but you apply it quite
lightly and it really sinks in it feels
very water based I don't know if it is a
rapid long-lasting hydration in a
refreshing oil-free gel delivers a burst
of moisture smoothes and softens locks
in moisture all day use under or over
makeup everything it just said on the
back of this it does 100% whenever I use
it I'm like stroked my face stroked my
face cuz my face just feels so soft I
don't think I've ever been this
passionate in a favorites video next
thing is something for the bath and
again I'm really sorry it's not like
super cheap for those of you that might
be on a budget but I ain't gonna lie in
these videos and I am gonna talk about
what I have genuinely been loving this
my friends is the laura mercier ombre
Vanille honey bath this is a bubble bath
as you know I love baths
I love lush bath bombs but recently I
haven't been loving anything as much in
lush there's a lot of things with bits
in it and a lot of glitter and I kind of
saved those for I don't know days when
I'm down or when I really want to relax
but generally if I'm having a bath and I
just want to read my book and chill I
will want to put a bubble bath in there
and this I knew Laura Mercier did these
and I just kind of thought you know I'm
not spending that much on a bubble bath
this is actually my favorite scent from
Laura Mercier it took me a while to
decide that this was my favorite scent I
also really like fresh fig I do have one
of these in fresh fig as well and you
may wonder what this is I'm like
twirling around in my hand basically
what you do is you dip this in and roll
it it's like a little like honey thing
you did put in a roll it and then you
hold this under the tap and it just just
gently like instead of having to try and
pour it in it's just a really nice way
of evenly distributing it and it doesn't
make it messy um but yeah I can't
there's not really a lot more I can say
about a bubble bath it creates bubbles
it smells amazing and this is what I
have been using in my bath every time
I've had a bath and it comes with this
by the way you don't have to buy this
separately but two random things the
first random thing um I know I'm
exceptionally late to the party when it
comes to this um there have been people
telling me to watch this for months and
months and months and finally myself and
Alfie got around to watching it and I to
be honest I wasn't that excited about
watching it I had heard good things
about it but I am definitely more of a
horror thriller or comedy chick flick
kind of girl I'm not into actually
adventury films or you know really tense
you have to think really hard about this
kind of films and I thought it was gonna
be like that so I was just a bit like
I'm not like majorly bothered you're
gonna all hate me when I tell you what
the film is and and then we all four
watched it and it was just amazing it's
the Hunger Games and I've also seen
Catching Fire
this film is epic I was expecting this
to be completely different from what it
was honestly had heart palpitations the
whole way through I was like just
gripped it's not scary
slightly gory um but it's so tense it's
like my worst nightmare if I was in this
film if this was a real thing it would
literally be my worst nightmare I don't
know what I would do um I don't want to
say too much about it because I don't
want to give it away of any of you
haven't actually watched it but do not
be deceived by this it's not hard to
understand it's literally amazing
I was tired when I watched this and I
can't stay awake for any film at night
even if it was the best film in the
world I'd probably fall asleep if it was
past 10:00 I stayed awake until 1:00
watching this
and Catching Fire I could not shut my
eyes I don't even think I blinked well I
probably did but it felt like I didn't
blink and I was honestly going oh my god
I can't watch can't watch after was like
you have to but not the reasons that you
think just because it's so tense and
it's just so good and when the film ends
you're actually like I'm not sure if I
breathed through that I need to just
take a moment again probably late to the
party but I don't get a lot of time to
read and recently with flights and
things and uh just chillin chillin when
I get a time to chill bath times that's
when it's happened I have been reading
The Fault in Our Stars by John Green it
was right at the top of my books I
needed to read list and when the trailer
came out for the film I was like I need
to read this before the film comes out
and that I did I think I read this I
think I read this in like six days
I like sure you couldn't put it down
it's an amazing book I loved the concept
again I don't want to give too much away
in case any of you haven't read it and
you want to read it but it's about
cancer patients and it is surrounded by
a girl who is suffering it kind of shows
a really different side to terminal
illness and illnesses in general and it
really opened my eyes to their way of
thinking I guess or what could be going
through their mind and at the end of the
day we are all normal people and I just
love this book it depends how weepy you
are as a person but this is a sad book
so if you're reading it to be sure to
have tissues ready and anything
well done John Green now I'm just super
excited for the film but our favorite
it's going to be a YouTube channel I
kind of want to do this every month I
want to include a YouTube channel
because there are so many youtubers who
I really enjoy watching and a lot of
them do not get the credit and
subscribers that they deserve and I want
them to and there's four million of you
guys so if you want to and you trust my
opinion you can go on over and watch
them too so this month I have been
loving the ciccone Jolie's they are a
family who live in Ireland and there's
Jonathan and as
and then a little girl called Amelia and
their tiny newborn baby called Eduardo
and they are so cute I just love
watching their videos you follow them
around every single day see what they're
getting up to I'm just hooked
I'm literally hooked it every day at 6
p.m. they upload and I'm there by my
computer in fact what's the time they've
uploaded 20 minutes ago I'm not seeing
it yet
I am excited I've just become very
attached to them and thankfully they're
moving to London so they're not probably
no think I'm like I'm really crazy
stalker I probably said no crazy stalker
I just really enjoy their videos and I'm
sure you guys will too please go and
check them out I'll leave the link in
the description box let them know I sent
you and yeah I think that would make
that would make me really happy and I
hope it would make them happy too if
that is all my favorites I feel like I
spoke like a hundred miles an hour I'm
not read too sure how long this videos
gonna be I don't even really want to
edit it too much let me know in the
comments what things you've been loving
this month whether that's makeup body
skincare or books or DVDs or youtubers
I'm always open to new suggestions and I
hope you are going to have an amazing
week and I'll see you again very soon
bye I love you I love you I actually
really do love you
