are you ready yes I've been ready for
this since my last advice video which
was when last week hello everybody hi
hello do you most enthusiastic way this
is my mate cosplay I always like to cut
people's faces and watch your wires make
you fun comfortable as long as your
hands are clean today we are going to be
giving you guys some advice now I can't
promise you that it will be great advice
because you know we're not advice
experts speak for yourself see your ass
who came up laser you can see that mine
yeah you got skinny I do remember
to wipe advice of Casper always remember
- I don't know I asked on my facebook
what advice or what questions you guys
had that you would like us to answer so
I picked a few out of love mm so if
yours wasn't picked it wasn't her fault
sorry I scratched you you want to know
what it's like kissing a boy for the
first time and how to do it how did you
know how to kiss someone I'm talking
like boy or a girl huh well it doesn't
really matter dessert Jen does not it's
not specific genders I don't I don't
really have a kisser boy so I can't
answer this question because you
specifically said boy but when it comes
to your kissing I mean is kissing a guy
and a girl the same thing you think yeah
surely him it's just a mouth do you
think the guy should make the first move
well I just feel like it that's how it's
always done it like I do 99.9 percent of
the way and they're just like no good
he's no sucia what do you do when you
want to be kissed by a boy do you go for
it I I was too scared so I waited for
them to make a first move
it's obviously even if it's not your
first kiss it might be your first kiss
in a new relationship and you might be
like oh do they want to do it do they
not want to do it give them like a
little like peck on the lips and then if
they go in for more then you're like
okay alright I do remember being younger
and it never hurt to ask but it is quite
a risk because when you kind of lean in
sorry they might go then you go to my
cabin your candle so many candle down
yeah
okay here's what I like how can you
cover up afar if I need a person really
well I'm not shy to be 100% comfortable
with farting in front of them I'd fart
in front of you would you fire in front
of me not in your new house so you
wouldn't find part of me not today
because I know like sometimes if I'm
around somebody that I haven't know very
long or I've just started dating someone
and you're like oh no I couldn't far
right now like it's bad I usually just
hold it in until I get home or just like
go to the loo
okay bye fishy later on something I
think the question was how you cover up
a fire it's happened you know sometimes
one it will just like slip out I'll be a
bit lovely photos gonna be nice yeah I
kind of like quick the floor a bit and
be like oh haha
Oh
yeah the couch yeah or your hands yep
yes like you try it you have to try and
replicate the noises are with something
around you and be like home do you ever
find that you sometimes by mistake make
a fart noise on the couch and then you
make it again this happened to me at
school I was in the front row of the
dissembler and there's this important
man from America and we're telling him
honey and he was telling us all about
America and all of a sudden I fought it
and it was very loud but the whole
entire school hug not only did they hear
he told he like pointed me out and said
oh my god that's so funny that kid just
farted that kind of stuff happens in
America too
so we're not that different what did he
do
I can't even remember I was destroyed
and it's traumatic I just ran easy I was
in there was my first like week of high
school basically but it one character I
could play the guinea pig yeah does aged
matter in a relationship well this is an
interesting question why is it
interesting because I am older than my
boyfriend Oh controversial I've also
been older than previous boyfriend what
bit of a cooks over here okay
I've also been younger so I don't think
so I really don't think so obviously if
it's dramatic then that's kind of
questionable but as long as they're like
you know mentally around the same age
issue I think it really doesn't matter
and legally like mentally and legally Oh
howdy fake cry sri both just try we'll
try I don't think either of us can do it
but let's try okay if things like really
sad okay well I'll do it for a different
approach
it's gonna take it's gonna take like
five minutes see if we have to get into
character it's really good
wait is coming oh but don't go like
that's gonna be lost
come on oh did I go yeah let's take a
few minutes weird
caspere's right William joking
yeah did you cry though Lukas and their
made the noises but I'm showing you how
to fake cry just splash water in your
eyes and go okay Casper yes what to do
when you are on your period and you get
really bad cramps do you understand like
how the cramps work do you understand
wipe wipe
how's it kind of light when you need a
Puma you can't go to the toilet no is it
kind of like when you've got like an
upset stomach
not really is it kind of no but do you
understand why is it kind of like when
your leg cramps but in your vagina
promise because it's trying to get rid
of the blood and there's too much blood
and not enough space to come out no it's
not like there's too much blood if we
couldn't like be quickly I have to be
slowly I would just eat a lot of pizza
because a piece OSA to me happy okay um
endorphins yeah chocolate mmm
ice cream and gentle exercise and a bath
oh and you okay uh yeah and also hit
yourself in the face so then you can
have pain somewhere else yeah yeah yeah
that's really good that's tuna Wagner
never thought that someone's asked how
to stop Mulder more using their shampoo
doesn't matter maybe you just like to
feel normal
well then release us allow his nose and
his attitude how to get Casper to show
us his six-pack oh do it let me think
let me try think you can't meet me this
little way Casper that's surely born
it's gonna explode in ten advice about
moving long distances so I moved from
South Africa mm-hmm and you moved from
like around bath area to be fair you
definitely moved a lot more than I happy
you've lived in England South Africa LA
I think I kind of just jump in and then
start worrying about the distance once
it's happening and usually I'm doing so
much anyway because I move so I move to
places I want to be mm-hmm and there's
always someone there it's not like
you're on your own
but it can be hard for other people say
they're at school and then they have to
move to another school on the other side
of the country and you know so we'll do
like a year out in a different country
like one of my friends went to America
for a whole year of her uni um the
dollar I think maybe at first because
you don't know anyone but what's really
important is that there's a lot of
people that are probably in the exact
same situation is you feeling the exact
same way so true high five I always
thought that I would live where I grew
up so to me to move like children off
hours away it was quite a big change for
me but I have adapted quite well
congratulate you thank you thank you so
much
Casper oh it's only a pleasure a real
pleasure
we are security everyone Casper's
channel where we did an interview an
exclusive interview with you but I like
to get the first-ever exclusive
interviews of people and I got you I had
to wait a long time I was on the waiting
this I was like this girl needs four
more subs before I could even talk to
her so no yeah I finally got to do that
I'm very proud of it it's hilarious so
make sure you check that out give the
video a thumbs up a big one like mud my
foot oh my god I don't compare it to
your thumb thank you guys so much we
love you and we hope that our advice was
helpful and comical all at the same time
bye
you're gonna catch mine it's now I'm
joking oh wait yeah are you gonna I'm
doing this because you're very short
you're me let me just show you my socks
oil is lip I can't no I can't do any
backbone from it yeah
