hello everyone today I am going to talk
you through the makeup that I am
currently wearing on a pretty much
everyday basis I upload second channel
videos if any of you didn't realize
there's a little plug for you and a lot
of you have been asking me in the
comments what makeup I've been wearing
so instead of just reply to thousands of
comments telling you what foundation I'm
wearing what mascara I'm wearing I just
thought I would attempt attempt being
the keyword here to do a tutorial
talking you through the different items
that I use on my face and how I use them
and how I put them on just so that those
of you who really interested now know I
am NOT a makeup artist that just has to
be thrown out but if I do something that
offends you or my brushes is too dirty
or I'm not doing something the way that
you would do it that's okay because we
all have our different techniques and we
all have our different ways of doing
things this is just mine I'm not saying
that you have to completely copy me or
you have to do everything the same way
I'm doing it or even use the exact same
products if you have anything that's
similar or you find something that's a
lot lot cheaper that does just about the
same job and looks the same then good on
you and let me know what it is in the
comments so I can buy it okay so the
first thing that I did was I put on my
moisturizer and my eye cream and now I
am going to do my foundation I'm using
the NARS sheer glow in mont blanc which
is a very very pale I'm just going to
put a little bit of that on the back of
my hand because I don't have a pump and
apparently they just never have the
pumps in stock every time I go and ask
I'm going to be using my zoeva 102 silk
finish brush none of my brushes are
clean but um it's just because I use
them I need to wash them though so
okay Foundation done I'm going to put a
tiny bit of concealer in the places that
I feel like I need it which is just
under my eyes I have a little bit of
redness on my nose and anywhere else
where I've had a few spot
as you can see I don't really go
sparingly on the old concealer consider
that I've used is the Rimmel wake me up
concealer in number I don't know
ivory I am going to use the zoeva face
shape brush just to blend that in I kind
of just dot it Pat it Pat it that's the
word Pat it in with a brush I look
really pale now I need to put some color
on my face so I'm going to use my
bronzer which at the moment is the Estee
Lauder bronze goddess um bronzer
actually it's quite like a ready
undertone and it's matte and I've just
been really enjoying that so I'm going
to be using my Mac 109 brush to do that
I
I'm now going to take a tiny little bit
on this brush which is the zoeva 106
powder brush I'm going to take it down
my neck a little bit
blendy blendy
now I have a bit more color to my fav I
am going to do some blusher this is my
favorite at the moment I've been
absolutely loving it I'm really sorry
it's limited edition if you can find
anything that's anywhere near similar do
leave it in the comments as suggestions
for other people because it's just too
beautiful and also I'm going to run out
of this at some point so I don't even
need something to replace it with
it's the Estee Lauder pure color in tees
it looks like this it's absolutely
gorgeous it's basically a blush and
highlight all in one and I've just got
my zoeva what one of year one to seven
looks sheer cheek I'm just gonna slowly
slowly blood is bloody
I think it makes me look really like
you're healthy like I don't know I just
I love it it's basically a pink with a
sheen to it but it's beautiful I'm going
to do my eyebrows I'm using the archery
buy soap & Glory pencil / felt-tip
there's a bezel at one end and at the
other end
I am absolutely frigging loving this if
I cannot find it in my dry starts have
like a little mini like panic I really
like the felt tip side funnily enough
which I never thought I would say I
thought would always be like an eyebrow
pencil powder sort person but since I've
been getting my eyebrows done I get them
tinted and it just becomes a whole lot
easier to fill in your brows you find
that you don't really need to do much
work I just like to meet in them up
slightly
there's one done makes a whole lot of
difference eyebrows done the next thing
I've been doing with my eyes just to be
like super quick super simple if I'm
running out the door I'm going shopping
I don't really like to spend too much
time on makeup at the moment because I
quite like it to look minimal so I've
been using these which oddly and by
Terry hombre black star they're
basically eyeshadow crayons and they are
amazing i mentioned this way back in
like my November favorites or something
when I had all the boys in the video
with me
and I just love them I have for now like
someone needs to basically just take me
away from the by Terry counter and the
one that I've been really loving is like
a really soft baby pink and this is the
frozen quartz one it's quite like
shimmery it's really pretty it's just a
very nice pink and I basically just do a
wash of this over both eyes and then
blend
once I've smeared that on I kind of want
to blend it so I'm going to use the
zoeva petite crease because I have a
petite crease that sounds really weird
and I'm just going to blend and up here
basically not too much
I'm also going to use a much lighter one
and this is called a blonde opal and I'm
just going to pop a little bit of that
in the corners of my eyes and just under
here
I'm then going to take this little brush
which is zoeva precise shader and I'm
just gonna you know blendy blendy
I'm then going to take a color from my
mac eyeshadow court and it is mystery
which is a matte dark brown and I'm just
going to go in in my lashline at the top
and also underneath my lash line down
here slightly and smudge it in
I've been doing this a lot recently
instead of eyeliner and I just feel like
it's a lot more natural but it's also a
lot less precise because you don't have
to be as careful so you could say I've
gotten a lazy so now I have done my eyes
and I need to now put mascara on the
mascara I have been loving recently is
on the floor hang on
so this mascara is the Charlotte Tilbury
full-fat lashes 5 star mascara curl
separation volume length and drama that
claims to do a lot of things and I love
it
look at the difference in my eyes right
now
that's crazy
mascara now done
I'm gonna use my teeny-tiny little
clinic bottom lash mascara which I
totally forgot I had and got quite
excited by when I found it which I'm
just going to do to separate my bottom
lashes a little bit and then last but
not least I am going to finish this off
with a lip gloss and of course it is my
gorgeous friend Tanya burr lip gloss
this is my current favorite one she has
many that I love not being biased but I
love them and it's the one called chic
my mouth I've been so wide but I try can
do makeup it's ridiculous and we're done
I hope you enjoyed this video give it a
thumbs up if you did and I will see you
very soon
oh I'm then gonna sniff because I have a
cold which is the zoeva precice
precipitous postive shader am I in focus
quick mouth closed it's already dark I I
don't ah
this is why don't you make up tutorials
guys I suck but I really hope that hope
God
I have all right snah snuff that okay
you have seven seconds to pull out one
of your
