hello everyone I am at playlists as you
can see I'm in a different room I wanted
to put my head in your hand oh that's
really nice you have a really nice warm
chin you have a really nice tiny hand
Thanks and I am here with I'm so excited
to be here I'm really excited for you to
be here thanks for opening the door when
I was pounding on it that's okay yeah
glad I found you
yeah I didn't even tell you my room
number I just found you I've been
knocking on all the doors oh okay right
hey so I wanted to film a video with you
today good because you're one of my
favorite I am too yeah I saw amazingphil
do this challenge do you know amazing
film yes I do very well do you think
he's nice yeah I've never met him oh
okay so but I know I'm really well oh we
have seven seconds to do a list of
things we've given each other have you
made a list I made a list is right here
on my phone so okay I've got an away
first one do an impression of an angry
hamster oh really I'm sorry give me that
I'm gonna gobble it up cause really good
I won you did wouldn't wait for that
that was really good in seven seconds
you have to smile
did you do wait yeah how's the hard one
how was your yard you have seven seconds
to do a cartwheel easy my full three two
one
didn't I didn't it's wrong easy it
wasn't that wasn't quite a cartwheel
okay I know I've seen well he won't kind
of chocolate irony did I do cartwheels
it what balloon paws do
oh alright you have 7 seconds to pull
out one of your team thinking work did
you do it no humans I could've done it
wrong easy you have 7 seconds to name
all your favorite youtubers ease go
Miranda sings renting's renting's join
Goethe's get defunct some grenadine some
Joey good miranda sings mirandasings
join Christopher so so my alone my
machines stop Tyler Oakley good
pointlessblog 7 seconds is gone ok Jenny
some water
alright you have 7 seconds mm-hmm 7 -
lick your toes
did it
you have seven seconds to make up a new
word and give it a definition slink
markings it means I love to eat with the
popsicle stink and you have seven
seconds to say subscribe to Miranda or I
will start making videos forever
subscribe to Miranda I will stop making
videos forever
you did it point to me you got to keep
that promise
I can always cut that out of the video
though I'm joking I would be you have
seven seconds to name all your
boyfriend's join Graceffa kisser Ricky
Dillon Tyler Oakley wah-wah myself my
own goal my friends the youtubers I'll
give you that it was a bit of a seven
seconds but you've got a lot so okay
yeah I might have left a couple out
there so I apologize boys you have 7
seconds to name my birthday backwards I
sure look too little boy you got it yeah
that's perfect
I'm ready to get it back with things
yeah I bet it mm-hmm
that's why I'm hard you have seven
seconds to change your hair color
fail don't touch me for this next one
you have to gargle mouthwash for seven
seconds I'll wait - you got it open it's
got your lock on it I've done it how
long a shot you never done it before
okay go
it's my easy one well done
you win whose - spicy spicy it's minty
and Wendy Johnson fishy you have seven
seconds to twerk no that's porn style -
arkeen this bourne-style yup there you
go that's better
didn't that was place didn't Lord
forgive him for being porn it's kind of
coincides with what you just asked me to
do a tear tissue no I'm fine okay
seven seconds oh no today - do your best
dance moves in seven seconds that's not
just one dark movies every morning okay
seven six
are you doing the one big up and down no
if it's a dead one you have seven
seconds to call room service and order
me mac and cheese with hot dogs in it
hi there can I get some mac and cheese
with hot dogs in it please yes please I
just wrote a job
oh that was my friend she said extra
ketchup they don't do it my number line
okay thank you
you have seven seconds to have a pillow
fight with yourself go Oh starving again
that's so fun so stormy you raised yeah
I won okay
you have seven seconds to get out
all right there we gone I hope you guys
like this video we've finally gone
around of here well I really love you
guys thanks for Mike eNOS scribing leave
a comment about how boo who I am now No
don't feel the spice was that nice oh my
god thank you I hope you enjoyed this
video do give it a thumbs up if you love
Miranda as much as I do
yeah you're probably one of my new best
friends probably uh well we also filmed
a video over on Miranda's channel so be
sure to click her face now and they'll
be a link at the end of the video and in
the description box what did we do
I teach you how to get a girlfriend so
specifically zoella if you want her to
be your girlfriend I teach you all the
tips it really nice like that sunbathing
hi guys take five huh
thank you for watching it I know you
love ain't so much when you watching
Nisa turn it off
so have you heard of the seven second
challenge no do you want to know about
it no oh you want to go this big while
okay so basically we are gonna do this
oh no that's what I'm not gonna go say
this once I'm not gonna be able to say
it okay dang it hope he's over there
just like snickering in the corner in
the bushes okay you have this dang it
I'm gonna get it don't worry I've got it
thank you
okay you have seven seconds to pull out
one of your
this is gone actually gone alone
you looked too I looked one got some
tissue
you're probably one of my new best
friends probably not very reason you
need to put on pants cuz you're being
porn right now okay it's disgusting
short shorts if I had more pants I'd
share them with you maybe we could share
my pants yeah do it
friends chef yeah we'll share my pants
is your pants are being porn do you ever
know so now we're gonna get
