hi everybody today Oh I shut my window
that's why you do today
otherwise you're gonna hit all the
traffic today I'm gonna be filming a
video that you guys love
it's a PA box opening and generally this
is just the stuff that Branson so PR and
marketing for different brands so it's
lots of new beauty items that are they
already in shops at this point because I
are during the time I moved house didn't
look through my PA box so when I did
move house I had about a month's worth
of P o box deliveries to go through
which worked out at about seven postal
bags so that's taken me a while and I
haven't looked through everything
properly I sort of kept aside some
things that I think will interest you
guys all that have excited me but I
haven't probably looked so all reactions
will be genuine and like first reactions
so these products are either out already
coming out all already out but they've
just sent them again I don't know as
always I am super super appreciative of
any brand or anyone whether you're a
small business or you're a huge
corporate company I'm lucky in a sense
that I get to receive all these things
at no cost to me and I am not obliged to
talk about any of them I've not been
told what to say I've not been paid etc
etc I'm one lucky gal is what I am and
things like this I never take for
granted every time I get up here box and
livery it still excites me like it's
Christmas Day I don't know where to
start
I mean do I just start big when I saw
this in my paper pair bucks I can't talk
I'm so excited when I saw this in my PA
box I did like a tiny little like
squeaky Yelp because this is a mulberry
bag
it's a mulberry bag for free in my PA
box like what is my life
extremely generous of Marbury to send me
one of their new bags look at it it is
beaut and look at the color this is
going to be perfect in autumn I
absolutely love it and then you twist
the oh my god guys you know how much
restraint it's taken me to keep this to
film this video and not use it a lot is
the answer to that and let's read the
letter dears or whether we know you're
passionate about handbags and thought
the new Amberleigh satchel would suit
your style perfectly we're thrilled to
send this to you as a gift and hope you
love it as much as we do what a lovely
letter so Portia the envelope thank you
so much more great honestly I mean I'm a
bit speechless about like if I'm honest
this looked very exciting you guys know
how much I love a Kiko oh I need to get
comfortable not comfortable you guys
know how much I love oh just bash it
into my face if I just smell it
lipstick all over my face this looks
very exciting it says Kiko Milano full
collection limited edition so what do we
have in here just going to show you what
I'm looking at it's a box of joy this
excites me Kiko's bronzers and blushes
are some of my absolute favorites and
Kiko is such an affordable brand I love
it their packaging is always really nice
and innovative their designs are always
really fresh and they come up with some
great like concepts I really like keko
keko does not get enough height I don't
feel like look at this so this is the
Kabuki brush Oh My look how cool this is
think of your contour with that I see
this is what I mean innovative design I
love this I don't
so easy to put in your handbag a
metallic Oh
magnetic I shadow this sounds very
interesting I have never seen anything
so beautiful in all my 27 years can you
see that oh my god oh you guys this is
insanely beautiful okay that's my face
basically oh what's this an eye contour
mask I'm gonna love it
basically absolutely in love with this
collection thank you so much Kiko I'm
really excited to probably look through
that next up we have this ginormous but
adorable heart box like how could you
ever throw away this packaging like
there must be something I can use this
box for Oh am i opening this upside down
yes oh my god I had it upside down look
at this I have it this way around and
it's this way oh my god I love it
what a cool box hey Zoey at last we're
so happy we are so happy that bu is
finally available in the UK
we're super excited to know what you
think of the be new products and
fragrances love BB and the blue team
so this is BB if any of you follow her
on YouTube
she is a German youtuber and she has
sent me all of her okay I am so excited
to try these she's got so many things so
we've got I'm gonna just go through the
products because like these looks so
exciting you guys know how much I'm
loving my creamy foamy shower phones
right now so we have creamy shower foam
cocoa cocktail I need to spray it is
this gonna make a mess boo oh my god how
exciting it comes out as phone you don't
even have to rub it in your hands
smells like Holland I'm taking this on
my holiday tasty donut flavor also very
excited about this one I'll do a little
bit in this one oh it's like it's like a
strawberry donut oh my goodness I think
I'm most excited about this one
cotton candy scented these are so cute
oh my god okay that one is amazing
okay new phase oh my god
that is incredible and fizzy berry oh my
god
legit smells like fizzy berry it smells
like raspberry lemonade oh my god love
there's another little package Oh some
two-in-one body sprays so we've got
fizzy berry and cocoa cocktail I'm gonna
spray the cocoa cocoa and then the last
two things in here well our gentle cream
foams Oh a foam lotion hold up
shake your can hold up right and spread
the gentle cream foam evenly I was going
to allow it to work in oh my god amazing
amazing thank you so much Phoebe so
those products are coming to the UK
that's really exciting next up we have a
cookbook from Martha Collinson who was
on the Great British Bake Off if you're
a fan of that show it to someone I hope
this book satisfies all your baking
cravings love Martha fan and fellow
bright omean ah thank you
oh it's oh it looks adorable thank you
so much sweet and sour apple crisps
peaches and cream cupcake
this looks like a really lovely book and
the photography is really lovely too
the first eyeshadow palette this is on
my butt I've been for 15 minutes I've
done like four things this is a palette
by Anastasia Beverly Hills and it is the
subculture palette I love my Anastasia
Beverly Hills palette I don't remember
what it's called damn it I use it all
the time it's completely escaped me but
this is the one called subculture and it
has some really cool colors in it really
excited to try this especially electric
that looks insane we have a beautiful
package from hourglass this feels like a
faux leather we have this which looks in
same so these are refillable ultra slim
high-intensity refillable lipsticks in
every shade so you push it into this and
then you can take this around with you
and then you refill it that's such a
good idea we have a little package from
Becca I'm gonna open this oh okay so
this looks like some lip colors what
they actually are
oh they're lip balms introducing lush
lip color balm nude isn't a shape it's a
feeling romantic bold subtle sexy this
summer I got the nourishing
low-maintenance lip color
everyone is craving ultra creamy and
luxurious Li lightweight the buildable
color enhance your lips with
customizable coverage mmm I like to
sound bad so we have a giant box from
Kylie Jenner okay I'm gonna open it oh
my gosh this is just I mean would you
look at that that's so dreamy it's
really glittering it has a mirror in it
look at that so you've got loads of
eyeshadows Oh
it looks like really good quality a
blusher and then a highlight shade I
really like this I actually really
really like this I like all the colors
in here as well I'm gonna use these and
I'll really rate the Kylie eyeshadows I
think they are incredible I have quite a
few of her palettes and I really like
them hello all they're so soft love that
especially because you get three eye
brushes and then like a cheap brush so
it's perfect for the palette so we've
got the matte liquid lipstick and lip
liner in the shade 20 oh my god I love
this color that is a beautiful color I
really love this like blush pink
packaging it's really nice then we also
have two glosses in cupcake and cherry
pie - mini lip kits how are you getting
here huh oh my god you get so many in
there this one is this one has one wish
baby girl Angel August bug all-nighter
and Gorge some beautiful colors I love
the minis they're so easy to throw into
your handbag I really like this
packaging I think this might be one of
my favorite packaging's she's ever done
and then we also have loose powder
highlighter spoiling us Kylie and this
is in the shade King also it's like a
little thing that you like tip it in I
like the pink packaging a lot let me
know if any of you have any of this and
what your like favorite lip shades are
or if you ordered it like do you love it
because that like I feel well and truly
spoiled I feel like it's my birthday
shampoo and conditioner I really like
the look of this it look really cool
this is by a brand called Wendell and
moody and they are based in Covent
Garden I assume and I've never heard of
this before but they sell it in Space NK
and it just looks really cool I like the
bottles they are ultra nourishing
treatment shampoo with white tea and
monoi oil monoi oil I'm probably saying
that wrong but oh my gosh that smells
incredible so I'm gonna use these next
time I wash my hair so I'm going to keep
those out something else that's
generally stocked in space inkay and you
can also get it on cult beauty and
probably their own website but I don't
normally I don't normally go on browsing
websites isn't that weird I normally go
to a site that sells multiple brands huh
like does anyone buy they're like Rimmel
makeup from the Rimmel website can you
even do that so this is a Sunday Riley
product and I believe this is fairly new
this is the CEO C and E antioxidant
protect and repair moisturizer and I
actually bought the cleansing oil I want
to say as well because I noticed that
online and I thought it looked really
good I haven't tried this one obviously
because it's still in the box but I
really like the sound of it so it says
lusciously hydrating and scientifically
advanced CEO is the smart for
moisturizing guru for your thirsty skin
whipped and luminizing CEO provides deep
soothing but never greasy moisturization
while it's technologically advanced
formula expertly fights the five visible
signs of environmental and microbe
pollution induce skin damage federal I
feel like I've just done like an
exercise on my mouth I also received
some of Kimberly Kardashian West contour
kicks which I'm so excited to try I
actually love this packaging so much
it's like a little light okay it reminds
me of um you know when you would get
those little bags and you'd never know
what was in there it reminds me of that
but I obviously I haven't tried them yet
but what have I got here I did have all
four kits but I didn't need the dark
ones so I've kept assuming I'd probably
be light open light
then you get this inside I feel like
you've probably all seen this by now I
feel like I'm a little bit late to the
party I'm not gonna do a film review
because there's so many great reviews of
this but yeah how cool is that
thank you so much Kim she's definitely
watching this obviously excited to try
those
speaking of Kim I also literally got
this through today I have no idea what
is in this but this is huge and I love
the feel of it it's like to know like it
feels almost like NARS packaging and it
says k'kaw beauty across it and I'm
going to open it and see what's inside
oh my god it's all her power of kits ahh
oh my God look you can like see
everything there's my life that's my
camera there's another one this is all
her new powder contour and highlights oh
my god I love I love how she's displayed
this like with the three and then the
three brushes underneath I'm gonna get
one out I want to see I love how like
simple but effective her branding is Wow
you actually get a lot of product on
there those are like big so you've got
like a slightly better contour color and
then more of like a bronzy color a
highlight and then kind of like a peachy
highlight oh I love this and look at the
size of the mirror that is amazing that
you can actually do your highlight
contour with the palette mirror normally
I go to a different mirror to do that
because the mirrors are generally quite
small but that's actually fairly
impressive
I love this and then the brush for any
of you that want to know is more of a
dome on one side and then it has a
slight angle on the other side so you
can buff that and then highlight with
that one that's just such a lovely
surprise
so again thanks Kim we also have a big
old Marc Jacobs beauty package this
seems to be a lot of big
packages in this one lots of big
cardboard packages I'm gonna love trying
to recycle those oh my god guys there's
couple of these things look look how
cool some press releases are for some
video playing like that is cool I wonder
how much something like that cost to
make like this legit to playing of
videos like companies are so flippin
generous I can't even like deal with it
so these are all their new so
introducing iconic six new multi finish
eye palettes so you've got provocateur
spend the last edge editorial oh my god
who came up with these names these are
brilliant glam glam Bishan frivolous and
smart or real great names oh my god like
this has to be one of the swishes press
releases I've ever received honestly do
you think working as part of the press
release team must be so much fun coming
up with all the like cool crazy things
you can do oh these are just beautiful I
mean I'm never gonna need one two three
or four five six so friends or family if
you're watching you may take ones that I
probably went back this is so me that is
screaming like autumn which one is this
scandalous yeah trying to lie down after
this P o box video because this it's
just all getting too much this looks
very exciting there's a lot of people
talking about the front glossier at the
moment bossy air glossy a glossy glossy
air glossy a and this is from them so
you've got a little pack of stickers
cute huh oh okay I love this packaging
so we've got a cloud paint seamless
cheek color blush which is in like a
tiny
like paint squeeze a tube bomb.com
universal skin cells amazing hailer
scope another great name do you a fact
highlighter love the sounds that a lot
oh it's like a little like stick and we
also have a milky jelly cleanser
conditioning face wash that sounds cool
and we also have a boy brow grooming
pomade well and a little glossy a pin
badge thank you so much glossier i am so
excited to finally give you a product a
trial I've heard some great things I'm
sorry this keeps blurring every time I
move out of shop I also have Kylie's
complete set off this is a very um
Kardashian and Jenner pH box opening
today this is what collection is things
don't remember there are some really
cool things in here junebug I really
like this packaging a lot oh my god this
color this looks insane I'm not gonna go
through this too much because you've
already seen a lot of Kylie but this is
how take me on vacation palette oh my
god
that blue sea I don't normally wear blue
but I feel like you could put a little
bit of that like under your eye or like
as an eyeliner and that would look so
cool this one also has a brush in it
I like double-ended brush again
I love Calle eyeshadows they are fab so
I'm excited to try that send me more
nudes oh my god okay well I love every
single one of these colors because I
love Nunes
so in these old velvet liquid lipsticks
so excited to try those super glitter
gloss I feel like at the end of this
video I should put this on yeah I'm
gonna at the end of this video I'm gonna
put this blossom and there's a couple of
other highlighters well I just sing kind
- just like there's so much in this hole
this isn't a hole this is a thing I also
have the Coco collection by Kylie
cosmetics pressed powder palette I just
love that like that we'll bring these
out
Coco collection got a blush two
highlighters and a contour love it
but if you're still watching this video
hallelujah I only got the naked urban
decay heat palette and I guys I am
excited to use this I've seen so many
people wearing this and rocking it and
it just looks amazing and these are so
my colors oh my god this would also be
beautiful for autumn this palette I know
it's called the urban decay heat but it
could also be called the urban decay
autumn or urban decay fall because I
think this is basically what I'm going
to be reaching for every morning also I
had this in my peer box which made me so
full up in excited because I saw I
followed Chrissy Teigen on Instagram and
on Twitter and I actually just love her
I find her so hilarious if you guys
don't follow how you reach it and she
did a collaboration with Becca and when
I saw her emoji and talking about it I
was like oh I just hate that I don't
live in the u.s. I'm never gonna be able
to get my hands on it
and I really want it and then they spend
look how beautiful this is like look at
this just astounding astounding
it's a beautiful palette and I'm excited
to use it very excitingly I have some
new brushes by Real Techniques by summer
Nick these are called the powder blue
collection and these look beautiful I
saw when they did their launch of this
oh oh my god
how they make like the most beautiful
brushes I will never know supersoft I'm
just in this like gorgeous deep blue I
think I'm quite obsessed with this like
dark navy color at the moment and yeah
they're beautiful and then there's also
this one what's this one for engineered
to layer powders evenly for a soft
flawless finish with faux blue
technology this is a soft complexion
brush blend and buff powder and funk to
blend a buff powder foundation this one
so thank you so much Dominic for sending
me those this is the cutest bag in the
world and I am gonna take this on
holiday with me in it I have this from a
completely different brand this was sent
to me oh no I don't remember the brand
oh hang on chin T and Parker chin T and
Parker and it is a Moomin jumper how
cute is that jumper it's so soft as well
as such lovely quality but the bag and
everything in it are from Joni and I
have quite a few bits of clothing from
Joni I really like that stuff it's all
quite like unique and cute and they sent
me some bits so they sent me this
swimming costume which is lovely this
little off the shoulder top how cute is
that little gingham number it says on a
picnic
lippy me and it's a little picnic basket
and it's just the cutest thing ever then
we have this top which again is very
cute very nice for holiday and this one
which again is adorable and it has some
flowers coming out the pocket and it
says alright petal also got sent the
lovely Madeleine shores of being a year
of beautiful eating eat fresh eat season
or glow with health all year round and
this has some beautiful imagery and
shots and it's set in different seasons
so you've got autumn with
is nice because that's when all the most
like warming foods are are such nice
pictures and that also came with some
origins stuff which is cool you've got a
couple of little travel minis in there
or just drink up intensive overnight
mask ginseng refreshing scrub cleanser
so that was a nice little package oh my
god you guys this is freaking huge
this says Vader like you glitter like
you mean it
right and then inside this is the best
bit oh my god you're not gonna be able
to frickin see it it has roller skates
in it one of the best press releases
I've ever seen in my life it even has a
holographic disco ball in the middle and
it has freaking roller skates how am I
going to show you these I should have
cut them out they're like all in there
so he sent a glitter bomb palette which
has lots of amazing super glittery
eyeshadows I love to face I would
actually go as far as to say to face is
probably up there with one of my
all-time favorite brands across the
board I love so many of their products
we've got glitter glue we've got a
better than sex mascara and we have
loads and loads of thee all of the
melted latex honey like texture ensures
gloss clings to lips with a latex shine
do apologize that was our focus oh my
god it's crazy the only sad thing is I
feel like these are too big for me so
that is everything that I wanted to
share with you in my peer box today
there are lots of amazing things so
thanks again to all the brands that have
sent me something I'm now going to apply
this glitter lip gloss
yeah that's pretty glittery a kind of
life gear thank you so much for watching
this video guys I really hope you
enjoyed it make sure to give it a thumbs
up if you did and if you lasted this
long because I'm sorry this is a fairly
long video and I will see you again very
very soon bye
