hello everybody today I am doing another
hairstyle for you my last one went down
really very well even though I thought
it was super simple I am still receiving
tweets and Instagram pictures of you
guys all recreating the halo braid and
can I just say all of you do an amazing
job and it looks amazing
then it herself I want to do with you is
also very highly requested I did a video
like this a very long time ago and let's
be honest it wasn't really that great so
I'm gonna redo it for you and it is the
messy burn that I wore in a few of my
previous video I figure out my hair like
it in my home we're all so if you want
to see how I do that then keep watching
the first thing that I do want to say is
that this hairstyle always works better
on day on or two day old hair if you try
and do this with really freshly washed
hair it's gonna be a lot harder and
you're not really gonna get the overall
effect that you want to get so yesterday
I washed my hair with the Deaf hair
therapy nutritive solutions nourishing
shampoo and conditioner I really really
love the Dove shampoo and conditioner at
the moment I think it's awesome I love
the smell and it also leaves my having
feelings so now that you've got your two
day old hair the next thing you want to
do is to simply pull all your hair up
into a high ponytail about here on your
head one thing to remember is that this
doesn't have to be neat at this point
because it's unnecessary
little tip if you find it hard to scrape
your hair up to this point of your head
tip your head upside down it makes life
a lot easier now you want to take a
nother hairband and you just want to
have that ready on your hand you want to
take your ponytail and just twist it
just so it's a bit more together once
you put it like that you want to take
your bun around where you've already
made your ponytail pull it like so get
your hair Bunch
it doesn't matter if this isn't so neat
you just want to secure that down
so you should have something that looks
like that at this point at this point
you have quite tight hair here and a
very neat bun on your head so we want to
make this messy so the first thing that
you want to do is to pull out any little
bits around your face and to pull on the
hair so just putting your fingers in
here and just pulling it forward it
feels really unnatural once you've just
secured your bun in place but you just
want to pull from here out so you've got
volume around your head and you want to
do the exact same back putting bits of
hair down
some bits of hair up here okay the next
thing you want to do once you've done
that and you're happy with the volume
around your head you want to pull on the
phone just pulling it out making it a
little bit more messy this is where
bobby pins come in super useful because
you can use them to sort of shape your
hair bones at the moment mine is a
little lopsided so I'm going to take one
and pop it in this side push that in and
I also like to secure you back and you
can pretty much do this until you're
happy with the shape of your bone really
if you have layered or textured hair you
might have bits flying out so you might
want to pull those I'm just gonna put a
bit more on the front and lastly just to
make sure that it all stays in place and
looks as you want it to look I use
hairspray this one is the Tresemme
ultimate hold touchable feel hairspray
it's a bit more fine this hairspray so
it helps to sort of keep a hairstyle in
place without it being crispy and
without it looking too polished
and that is how I do my messy fun I hope
this was helpful I would absolutely love
to see you guys
recreating this like you did with the
previous head style and also leave your
suggestions for other hairstyles in the
comments below
I would love to help you going out and
even if I have to learn something I will
attempt to do it for you give this video
a thumbs up if you want more hairstyle
videos and I'll see you again very soon
bye
