hello everybody
today we thought we would do something a
little bit girly and fun yeah because
I'm having a sleepover at Zoe's house
and we just felt like being really
really girly and having a pamper night
and this is something that we often do
together pretty much every time we have
we always do it I'm actually surprised
that we've not filmed this before yeah I
believe that it's really important to
have this time whether it's by yourself
or with friends yeah it's lovely to do
it either way so hope that this video
gives you some inspiration this might be
something you'd like to do with your
girlfriends at sleepovers or even just
if you want some nice downtime to
yourself I would also love to hear what
you guys get up to on your pamper
evenings and maybe take some little
pictures for us to see when you do have
one because it's nice to you know
include everybody we also filmed a video
over on my channel where we answer
questions about our friendship and told
you lots of secrets about times that
we've had together we did do that so
make sure when this video has finished
and you've given it a thumbs up to check
out Tom's channel there will be a link
in the description box and also make
sure you subscribe to her as well her
channel is awesome and so and I hope you
do the video
oh let's jump because she was doing well
so long
