hi I say hello really hi
today's video is another haul video but
this time it is clothing for those of
you that don't know boo who is an online
clothing store so they sell a massive
range of everything from like shoes to
accessories to dresses to shirts to
everything and I've been a bit obsessed
with it lately because it is really nice
quality at really really good prices so
I wanted to share with you guys some of
the things I picked out recently I
actually have a little link in the
description box which has all the
clothes that I've featured in this haul
for you to click on and buy straight
away and it has all the prices and all
the sizes and it's just your life made
easy from this haul so if you do want to
check out any of the bits I'm showing
you click the link when you're done with
the video don't go yet I am just going
to quickly say that is a running color
theme throughout this haul it's mostly
gray and black and white and a bit of
coral only because I wanted more basic
things and I find that stuff like that
is so good to just throw on and to
accessorize with other things and gray
at the moment is one of my favorite
colors I just think that it complements
my skintone quite well if I say so
myself and so I went a bit gray crazy
the first thing I got is a maxi dress I
love maxi dresses I just think they look
elegant and casual and it's quite a nice
mixture of the two when you wear a maxi
dress so the first thing I picked up is
just this grey jersey maxi dress with no
sleeves and it is very very long but
it's also really soft really soft so I
like that the next thing is gray and I
have nothing with these roll neck and
apparently they're really on trend at
the moment so I got this one which is
like what's the name of when you have
something with specs in it
grace Beck
long sleeves roll neck top I thought
something like this and it's a dress and
it comes just below the knee I thought
so Matt this would be perfect for the
aeroplane because it's so comfy and cozy
and I just think with some nice shoes I
think this could look really really
pretty and again lovely fabric and
amazing price something with color and a
collar no surprise there is this dress
it's a quite tight figure hugging a
coral dress and it doesn't flare out but
it does get quite tight I guess it's
called body con is that what it's called
a bodycon dress but it has a collar and
it just looks really pretty and
spring-like so I really really like that
also the fabric again it feels really
really soft next one is another grey
dress with a role next sleeve this one's
a bit more roll rolled up roll on roll
the roll will roll this one is shorter
sleeves and it's also slightly more
shift dress so it just goes straight
down rather than being like
figure-hugging or um a line and again
it's just gray jersey i think things
like this is so easy to wear like so
easy you could wear this with leggings
with tights bare legged with really cute
little flip-flops or sandals you could
also wear it for something I don't know
in the evening with really nice high
heels just in Suffern this is so
versatile it's almost silly not to have
something like this in your wardrobe
silly this one I'm not so sure about is
a bit of a weird spontaneous choice but
the model on the website made them look
so awesome and I was like I could rock
those I think and in in my head I was
thinking airport casual cozy comfy but
something that looks a bit edgy so this
is what I bought um I think they look
like clouds um you could say it's
tie-dye but I actually do think it's
black and white clouds now that I'm
looking at it
um and I just thought these with like my
converse and a big slouchy jumper and my
little rucksack a while
Florida bound I think leggings don't
always have to be black you can push the
boundary sometimes I think this is like
my favorite thing even though it's so
simple I love it a gray maxi dress again
long can't see me really long and it is
v-neck so you could wear well you could
wear a bra underneath it but I think
maybe bikinis under these would look
awesome or a tube top and so you've got
the v-neck here and it's like this at
the back as you can see and it just
hangs really beautifully again it's such
nice fabric it's gray so I like it it
goes with everything so I'm just
obsessed with gray do you find anything
else that's gray that you think I'll
like let me know these last two clothing
items are I would say more evening
outfits because they're a little more
ething esque this one I was feeling
brave I have to admit I also think this
would look awesome on holiday or look at
me teasing me you can't see it I think
this would look awesome on holiday with
your bikini underneath or if you're like
walking to the beach or heading to the
pool I think this would look really
really cool um so it is this place suit
it's white with like these bits are
see-through so you would have to wear a
good Sun cream because if she got that
tan around your boobies look weird
wouldn't you and the back is super
revealing there may as well not be a
back it's just the two bits that cross
over which is why I think it's perfect
for a bikini or I mean I'm not really
too sure what you could wear under this
at night I'm guessing you just have to
go boo be free and
risk it and use a lot of booby tape and
the last dress I got feels so nice
I did actually want to get this in white
but they didn't have any in white so I
was like okay next best color black
because I was thinking more evening wear
for this one let's just tuck that away
um it has a really pretty I don't know
if you can see lace detail at the front
which goes across boobies but also
covers them nicely and decently and then
it goes down and into the middle it has
a belt I don't know if I'll wear it with
the belt I'm quite funny about belts and
it's this really nice what's this fabric
it's hard to explain it's like stretchy
but feels really heavy so it feels like
really really super nice quality and
it's also lace on the back last
tea-things shoes I like to experiment
with shoes but I needed more like going
to town shoes or I know it's something
that wasn't a flat basically um and I
saw these and I thought they looked
really cool I've actually seen people
wearing these although I know they're
not going to be everyone's cup of tea
when my mum saw DS she was like whoa
don't like those ones and I thought yeah
I don't think many people will like them
but I'm going to try and make them work
these so they're kind of like sandals
with a little heel and they are closed
toe but they have gaps so I was thinking
that I could wear these with tights or
in the summer with like a little dress
like a skater dress or maybe one of
those grey dresses that I had there but
with cute socks so you can see the socks
through the gaps and I just think
they're just nice comfy let's go to town
let's pop to the cinema shoes you know
those sorts of shoes I'm really rambling
today last pair of shoes all these smell
like new shoes just sniffing shoes last
pair of shoes are evening shoes without
too much of a high-heel now when you
look at them you will be like Zoe
that's pretty high but it's platform so
kayo doesn't count because it doesn't
feel like you're in high heels it still
feels quite comfortable because the
front is just as high as the back these
are the shoes I got I just think they
look nice with jumpsuits play suits nice
dresses casual dresses evenings out and
I don't know if you'll like these either
but I really like them and I actually
can't wait to wear them so that is
everything that I have from boohoo now
on to the fun exciting part of more
excited hand-squeezed you guys actually
have a chance to win 500 pounds to spend
on boo hoo which is super super lovely
of them I'll put a link in the
description box and to click for the
competition and you can just do that and
is as simple as that give this video a
massive thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
do let me know how do you let me know
what your favorite thing in this haul
was I will see you all again very very
soon in fact I have a video coming up on
Sunday with a special guest so I will
leave you all guessing who that might be
and I will see you on Sunday bye I look
like a king Charles dog I was surfing
the web surfing so I said all right open
em I feel like really weird today
hmm a fairly common focus well I got my
hair is so itchy okay um okay so last
pair of shoes these whoa
this is gonna be a long video what nice
is it cool to make a move
do you wanna build a snowman come on
come and play I never see you anymore
come out the door back it go away we
used to be my funny no we're not
Owaisi go I can see you I also picked up
some concealers because
