hello everybody today I am going to do a
haul I've actually got another hole
coming up later in the week but that is
going to be clothing and today I am
going to do basic beauty makeup hair
skin body fingernails all those sorts of
beauty things that is what I'm going to
show today in this video okay I'm going
to have to whiz through this because I
got more than I remembered that I got
did have a bit of a splurge that's
enough for a very long time so the first
two things I picked up with foundations
and these were based on lots of other
people's recommendation um and it is the
bourgeois happy light foundation and the
nearly naked by Revlon foundation the
bourgeois foundation says for a luminous
a flawless complexion in a light correct
without masking light enhancer now when
I have really good skin days I love
using stuff like this and that's also
why I picked up the newly naked as well
because they're both really really light
foundations that just sort of make your
skin look a little bit better and a
little bit more bright so I want you to
give those a try it but so far they look
awesome I've not yet tried them yet so
look out for these in go away see girl I
can see you I also picked up some
concealers because there is nothing I
love more than try concealers I realize
how lame that sounds um I picked up the
Revlon Colorstay concealer which I just
realized I've already had one of these
before and I picked this one up because
the other one I have is too dark for me
and I've just realised that this looks
way too dark for me as well um Ian and I
also got the collection lasting
perfection concealer I got one in the
color warmer medium and one in the color
cool medium now I don't know how long
they've been doing this for but last
time I looked they did not have to
choice of medium colorings and I don't
know if I'm going to be cool or warm so
I got both because it's three for two
and this is the best concealer ever the
next thing I picked up were these I
absolutely love the revlon colorburst
lip balms the first time i picked up
is this gorgeous matte peachy orange and
I'm wearing that on my lips right now it
is called mischievous and it is number
two three five I just think this is
gorgeous I love matte lips sometimes I
think they are really subtle and pretty
if you want to go a bit more shiny on
the cheeks and I am loving this so far
I've just put it on before filming this
video and I already know I'm going to
love it
I also bought another map one in the
color 210 unapologetic and this is a
really pretty pinky coral color and I
think this one will look beautiful as
well they also brought out the color
burst lacquer bombs I think these ones
are a lot lot more shiny I'm just gonna
open it and have a look this one is in
the color whimsical and it's one one 500
K is glittery I did not know that this
was glittering maybe the lacquers are
glittery I'm gonna put a little bit on
the back of my hand oh that's very
pretty it's like a dark berry no it's
not dark it's like a pinky berry color
so if you can see that and I just tried
to put a lid on the wrong way fail also
in the Revlon stand I picked up the
Revlon Photoready skin lights face
illuminator and this is in the color 200
think light I like the sound of this
because I love highlighters but
sometimes my skin can look quite dull
and I think that it's really nice to be
able to put something on before or after
your foundation just to give your skin
that little bit more life and glow and I
just think it makes you look so much
more healthy and I wanted to give this a
try because it looked really cool
I love thin bottles like this I don't
know why they just slip really neatly
into your makeup bag hi wise eye wise
eyes wise first thing I picked up is
this which is the Maybelline lasting
drama black shock gel liner but it is
not with a brush
now most gel liners you know I come and
come in tiny little pots of gel and then
you dip your brush in and then you have
to sort of light like that I am useless
applying gel eyeliner with a brush
I know it's supposed to be really easy
and practice makes perfect but I always
feel like I don't have enough time to
sit and perfect my cat flick with a
brush and I know I need to do it because
it does give the best results and it
does last the longest but I just find
that liquid liner is so much easier just
with the pen nibs I just think that is
foolproof to be honest
however this had the pen nib but it was
in gel form so I was like okay well
that's the best of both worlds because
it's easy application and it's gel so
it's going to last a whole lot longer we
have a very thin nib with a hole and a
little black a little red stopper in it
which I've just pulled out and then I
guess you twist it up so it's not really
like a pen it's more of like a rubber
guideline oh yeah it's like a flexible
rubber nib with a hole in the end I'm
scared to twist this too much in case I
get black all over my face this could
either be such a brilliant invention and
make applying gel liner so super easy or
it's a complete gimmick and it's not
going to be very successful the next
thing I found was from Bourjois and it
is the intuitive liner 24 hour 3 and
felt tip liner 3 clothes tips form a
dotted fine and intense line ok
I think the point of this is that you
draw on the dotted lines and then you
glide over the dotted lines to make it
easier for you to apply eyeliner so I
guess this is kind of like eyeliner for
dummies or newbies I don't see how doing
dots with this which has three dots on
the end is going to make it easier but
I'm up for giving it a try because
anything that makes eyeliner or liquid
eyeliner or cat eyes any easier I'm
always up for it so I'm going to give
that a try as well also do let me know
in the comments if any of you have tried
any of these things so I'll be really
interested to see what you made of them
this thing
super excited about I just got my
eyebrows done I think they look a whole
lot better I hated my eyebrows and they
will always search a chore to try and
sort out so I got someone else to do
them for me so this next thing is bicep
and glory and it's called archery and
it's brow tint and precision precision
brow tint and precision shaping pencil
one end you have a very very fine
pointed nib to draw in fine lines which
I would say is probably the best way to
do it because I think sometimes when you
have drawn little lines in they look the
most natural and then you also have this
on the other side which is a pencil so
if you want to fill in a little bit
harder or a little bit more you've got
the pencil on the other side so this is
definitely going straight in my makeup
bag also from soap & Glory I picked up
the sip and fast mascara with long wear
no flake for the flexi way technology
and silly coked mineral lash plump who
it says not just long really long for
lashes so full they'll be mistaken for
fake lashes this is claiming a whole lot
of stuff so I'll be really interested to
see if this actually does do what it
says that it's supposed to do I've got
this in black and it was just because
the mascara that I'm currently using
which is the makeup forever smoky lash
is coming to an end is drying out so I
use something else and this grabbed my
attention and I went straight in my
basket nail polish wise I only picked up
one nail polish and that is Revlon
Colorstay long wear nail a lamp
lamb-lamb oh and that is in the color
pale Kashmir and I just think that it's
a really pretty pale nude this next
thing may seem really weird but I don't
care because I think everyone should
look after their feet because the Sun is
coming out which means flip-flops are
going to be worn and sandals are going
to be worn and I don't want to have
crusty feet I want to have feet that
look like I've spent a bit of time on
them so I picked up this shap knees spar
accessories foot file from boots
it has file things on it to file your
feet everyone must have clean fresh
coffee and don't sit there and pretend
that you've always got clean and soft
feet because sometimes you probably
don't so you might need this just saying
skincare and face stuff is the next
stuff I'm going to show you I bought
soap & Glory no clogs allowed super self
heating deep pore detox mask self
heating masks are probably one of my
favorites because not only do you just
put it on your face and sit there and
kind of thing okay has it been five
minutes yet has it been 10 minutes yet
it warms your face and you really feel
like it's doing something even if it
maybe isn't then you at least feel like
it is it's for oily combination skin I
have never used this before but I do
love a good face mask every now and then
in the bath and I just thought it looked
awesome also been getting a few spots on
my chin stuff like this to unclog pores
um is totally on my skincare radar right
now as is this genius product I forgot
how much I used to love this and
whenever I had any blemishes any spots
any redness I would always use this
which is the LA roche-posay ethica F F F
uck large ooh oh that's hard to say this
is essentially a corrective unplugging
unplugging unclogging care and
perfections anti marks correctly
appearance of imperfections unclogs
blocked pores and fights against marks
it really does do all those things it
may take a while depending on how severe
your skin may be but I found that this
is really really good at diminishing all
those problems and I popped this on just
before my moisturizer before bed and in
daytime if I'm having a particularly
tough time with my skin and I find that
it always makes it so much better just
seems to speed up the process oh my god
there's motorbikes everywhere today
what is it motorbike day
every time I go somewhere where there's
someone else doing my makeup they will
always I mean a hundred percent of the
time use this on me so I either really
need it and that's why they're using on
me or they use on everybody either way I
want it so so that is the Elizabeth
Arden 8 hour cream this stuff can be
used anywhere I believe the majority of
the time it's used on my lips as I get
really dry lips bath and shower things
now I know this is really weird but at
the moment I've become like a bit
obsessed with bath and shower stuff um I
like being clean as does everyone I
should imagine but just recently I just
think oh I'm going to have a bath and I
want to use something different or I
want to use a different body wash so I
went to the soap & Glory section as one
does when one wants nice bath and shower
things and the first thing I picked up
is the daily soothe and this is a bath
float so it says foamy super soothing
pre-bedtime so you can use this in your
bath before bed which I like the sound
off
I'm not started yet actually it could
smell vile it doesn't it smells
delicious
next thing is no surprise I have bought
this over and over and over and I will
continue to do so into it is not on the
shelves anymore and that is the sugar
crush body wash this stuff is my
all-time favorite bath time smell
oh holy mackerel mmm-hmm
delicioso the next thing that I got is a
body lotion to a shower gel but I
featured in my previous video which is
the smoothie start deep moisture body
milk this basically has the same scent
and I have wanted to pick this up for so
long and everywhere I went they just
didn't have any so now I can smell like
it from the wash and the body lotion and
I just think it smells so good this one
has a almond oats and brown sugar scent
and it says that it contains almond
cocoa y'all got oat and honey which in
my book just makes you a walking
milkshake to be honest
oh man it's not so delicious I kind of
just want to like squirt this into my
mouth I won't though just gonna slip
this on the end because it kind of fits
in with the bass thing and I went to
lush cut the rabbit lush and I've got
some things because they've got the
Easter stuff and the Easter stuff
excites me because that means there's
eggs and carrots and all so first thing
is a bunch of carrots which is a
reusable bubble bars and they come in a
bunch of three look how cute
next is immaculate exception okay so
there's obviously something inside this
which just makes it so much more
exciting it's this it looks so cute and
pretty I don't hear anything
mine's empty Oh smells good smells real
good the other one I got is Secret
Garden ballistic pop one of these into a
pre run bath to create your own secret
garden filled with pretty petals and a
beautiful floral fragrance I've
forgotten what this looks like oh I got
two of these because they were really
cute and they must have smelt good they
look like this all they do smell so good
beautiful and the last one that I picked
up is the golden egg ballistic and I
like this one to last because I am going
to be left with so much glitter on my
hands I'm not going to know what to do
with it and I have to resist scratching
my face and I've got an itch because I'm
trying to resist scratching my face this
is what it looks like
it's literally a golden egg and it
smells are frickin amazing smells like
chocolate and I don't want to sniff too
hard or I'll get like glitter on my
nostrils
can't explain it it just smells amazing
it's probably my favorite scent the one
thing I do kind of wish wasn't there was
maybe the glitter like I like it is
golden but I don't so much like the
glitter because I'm a bit worried that
I'm going to get out the bath and look
like a gold statue
so that's everything but I got in my
beauty haul I hope you guys enjoyed this
video do give it a thumbs up if you did
and I will see you again very soon
goodbye baby egg oh yeah oh yeah I love
mini eggs yes I do
can't make up enough about that really
