hi hi today I wanted to do quite a
chatty video because I feel like I don't
get to do those very often so I am going
to film my February favorites video I
can hear something outside what is that
I haven't my favorite since December so
for that I do apologize
oh I worked out with Tanya was it
yesterday what's the day today yes it
was yesterday and I can't hum my bunnery
hurts now we did lunges and squats and
my gluteus maximus scissor maxed out
that's what happens when I do a workout
my body's not used to it now if you have
been following me and watching me for a
very long time you all know that I have
a slight obsession with makeup brushes
it's quite an unhealthy obsession I have
way too many and I've kind of there is
someone outside my window and I'm very
high up at first glance it doesn't like
it says zoella um it doesn't it says Oh
Eva this is one of them it's dirty
because I use it and cdolls I wasn't
going to wash it just the purpose of
this video because I didn't want to um
this one is the luxe face definer 101
they all have numbers and different uses
and things and they have such a massive
range of brushes I think you can buy
them individually or you can buy them in
sets now my favorite at the moment which
I am gonna do a blog post on very very
soon so keep an eye out for that is this
collection yes they are rose gold ah I
love rose gold so much it's not just the
fact that they have rose gold on them
that makes me love them it's actually
the fact that they are amazing there's a
massive massive selection of brushes
there's basically one for everything you
would ever need and the quality of them
is amazing I've washed these so many
times
and no hairs come out they're just
amazing quality I use them over my Mac
brushes in fact and I super love them so
if you are looking for makeup brushes at
the moment then give these a little try
next thing I have been always I got up
the next thing next thing I've been
loving is a concealer I've had this for
quite a long time but it recently made
its way into my makeup bag and so far it
has not made its way out which is always
a good thing so that is the makeup
forever
full cover concealer um it looks like
this it's very heavy coverage I've had
kind of problematic skin at the moment
I've been getting this really horrible
big under the skin spots that never
actually come out and they are an
absolute pain in the arse and they hurt
and you can feel them pulsating on your
face sexy so sexy so my normal concealer
wasn't quite cutting it and uh so I
started using this and I remembered why
I purchased it and why I loved it so
much it leaves quite a matte finish it's
not shiny in any way um and a little
goes a very long way which is always a
good thing with concealer because it
just means it's super pigmented it's
also really nice to blend and it lasts a
really long time as well so if you are
having problems with your skin at the
moment or you have a few blemishes or
something and you need something a bit
more heavy-duty this is awesome I don't
know if that there let's put it down
here with the other things next thing
I've been loving is something that you
we've got me for Christmas and it is
this NARS blush and bronzer palette it's
the guy Bourdon or Borden I think it's
board um I think it's um I think he's
French I don't really know this is the
palette one nightstand
and it has a highlighter a bronzer and
four blushes my favorite one I've been
using at the moment non-stop is this one
here I don't know
is cool because the names of them aren't
on the back which is really super
annoying so I can't tell you if any of
you know do you leave in the comments
for anybody who might be reading through
the comments - no but I love this
palette so much I chuck it in my makeup
bag
and it's just it's perfect especially if
you're going away and you're not too
sure how you want your makeup to look
then you've got a lot of options and
it's just beautiful and also the size of
the mirror makes taking it away awesome
because you've always got somewhere to
do your makeup so thanks Louise I still
love it this next thing is a body wash
which is kind of odd is it I don't know
everyone washes their bodies don't know
if you didn't then then there'd be a
problem this is a super gory one I think
I've mentioned this in a previous
favorites video but it's still my
favorite so therefore it's making
another appearance because I need you to
all know about it it's the soap & Glory
rich and famous shower gel this stuff
smells amazing and I'm not the only one
who thinks so in fact the other day
alfie emerge from my shower and he goes
all that stuff you've got in there that
that's really nice and for a boy to
admit that a girls shower gel smells
nice that's a rarity that's when you
know it's good
it says almond oats and brown sugar
scent
what more could you want this next
product is a hair product and it is the
vo 5 smoothly desert to tame and shine
spray because you know after you've
curled your hair sometimes or applied
heat it can go a little frizzy and you
don't want it to be frizzy so I spray
this on a hair brush and then just brush
my hair through it so you don't I don't
spray it directly on my hair I just
spray it into the brush and then brush
through and it makes my hair so much
more sleek and silky and soft
moving on to slightly more random things
I love candles that's just a fact and
one of my favorite brands for candles is
Jo Malone I feel that they last a really
long time this scent is really strong
but not too overpowering and they just
burn
really nicely and the scents are all
awesome one of my favorites of recent
times is one called green tomato leaf
now I can imagine a lot of you going
really green tomato leaf as a candle
like come on Zoey there's things like
vanilla and you know burger Martin rose
and jasmine and lavender why not have
those as a candle well I'll tell you why
because I am all into very fresh scents
it's very fresh it's very light and it's
the kind of said that you would like in
the daytime I guess not when you're
trying to have a cozy night in I know
the smell because my granddad always had
a greenhouse so he used to grow tomatoes
in his greenhouse and in the summer you
could smell it and it was always just a
really comforting smell to me and it's
just the smell of spring and summer and
if you're into similar sense then I
think you'll really like it to just go
into a dome alone and give it a sniff
anyway I used it all up and then I was
like you know what I'm gonna have to go
back and buy another one which rarely
happens with me because I like to try so
many different kinds of candles that
I'll normally move on to something new
and something that smells completely
different but I did have to go back and
get it and here it is
mmm so so nice I can't even describe
actually I can it smells like green
tomato leaf you could also then use the
candle bow as a head bow so it's
multi-purpose to be almost Oh next
random thing is Vinnie egg oh yeah oh
yeah I love mini eggs yes I do
can't make a thumb up about
really and I need to eat one oh my god
who remembers Oh what are they called
Bram flick okay no they're not Brown
flicks Weetabix oh my god I need to make
some of those Cadbury's chocolate
Weetabix and these and it made little
nests who used to have those the last
random thing I have been loving is a
shop and it is not a closed shop or a
makeup shop it's actually next home it
is awesome and they have so many amazing
things especially if you've just moved
out or if you're going to uni it's the
best place it's such good value for
money they have so many amazing cute
things the kettle's have polka dots on
them and the toasters they have toasters
and kettles and polka dots like cute
colors as well these are a couple of the
things I got the other day I've got this
cushion which I thought was really super
cute especially since Elif by the sea
and I got this which is also kind of sea
related it says you me and the sea and
it has little blue fish on the back and
this last thing that I got is because
when Alfie came over the other day he
was like I really want a hot chocolate
but your mugs are really small and
sometimes you just want a beefy hot
chocolate don't you let's be honest
so taking his thoughts and opinions on
board when I was in next I found some
mugs that were probably the biggest mugs
that I've ever seen in my life
and kind of as a joke / I actually want
to see someone attempt to drink hot
chocolate out of that I bought them and
here it is shall we compare it to the
size of my head like everything I do
there you go
in fact yep it covers my whole face
massive gorgeous mugs for soup cereal or
epic hot chocolates that is everything I
have been loving recently do let me know
in the comments things that you've been
loving or things that you think I might
also love because I love reading through
your comments and seeing what you guys
have been up to and what you've been
loving because I love you give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I will see you again first at vows a
person I'll see you get marry soon bye
this old never-before-seen footage of
eleven-year-old zoella vlogging enjoy
I'm about to pack for my holidays okay
so
