hello everybody today oh wow a bruise on
my arm where'd that come from
it's pretty mighty as well who hurts
himself and doesn't have a clue where
levers came from apparently me so
something kind of big happened
last night and when I woke up this
morning I was shocked to find out that
there are now over 4 million of you
subscribed to my channel which in all
honesty I can't really even comprehend
that cray I was actually going to
film my monthly favorites today and I
set up my camera and I had a list of all
the things I was gonna talk about and
then when I realized I've reached 4
million I was like I might just do a
monthly favorites
once I've reached 4 million has to kind
of be something a little bit different
if you are disappointed that this is not
a February favorites video I will be
uploading that on Wednesday so don't
worry not too long ago when I got a lot
of the old tapes pawned DVD for my
Christmas video with Joe where we look
back over lots of old Christmases I
found a tape that said Zoey's video
diary I thought well I'll get it put to
DVD anyway and I can watch it and find
out what it is I then insert the DVD
into my DVD player with my dad next to
me and were like what is this and it's
me aged 11 or 12 I'm not really too sure
which and I am vlogging we were in fits
of laughter I honestly I'm talking to
the camera like it's going somewhere or
like there is someone watching me and
obviously in that time I don't think
YouTube existed and if it did I have no
idea what it was and so this video today
in celebration of reaching 4 million
subscribers for you guys I'm letting you
see this old never-before-seen footage
of 11 year old zoella vlogging enjoy I'm
about to pack for my holidays
okay so long a pack is um I got it
sorted some clothes out here comes
trouble
control teacher huh what else we got my
P my best top whatever whatever cool and
it is my best top everybody needs to
take a best what a good idea
there's a desktop surprise bar and then
my bag is empty maestro you look bad and
I feel like with accessories I'm going
to take this just the t-shirt I won my
sandals
hi they are pretty sandals look at them
on the file can you see my payoff yeah
that's a pile that's my pile this um oh
we lit up can't fold don't laugh my
shorts that I designed took me ages and
that is what I'm going to take on
holiday that's not all though so this is
my bag okay don't you fill it with stuff
I need to take me not clothes stuff like
a hairbrush and makeup and start safe
still the 19 and obviously and um now
I'm gonna start packing some of my
accessories so um you can have look at
my bag and watch it overload with junk
if you want here's the bag and start
filling I obviously need to teh
so wait if I put it into a makeup got 20
on there don't need to take a lap so so
now I have one empty makeup bag which I
can put my makeup in body dust fish
later a real pop of green obviously I
want to take my sunshade shimmer
somewhere where trashes bedroom oh well
I'm just that no mind let's find
something how about over yeah come with
really come with me come with me let's
have a look together hmm
somewhere in stick what bracelet should
I take nice domme aunties oh I'll have
to have a really good look in my pigsty
bedroom packs em some of my bag so we
have a look inside
I've got my makeup bag some tissues my
camera my cleanser um my hairspray some
fake hair and that's all I'm packing for
today oh and also I've put all my
clothes there and I've popped my pajamas
on the top look
um I've lined up all my Nikki's my bra
huh they're gay it's Monday the 20th man
don't do it um I found some more things
that I can have for my holiday to
Portugal I have got smear my faith away
I've got a camera I think he knows what
that but all say I've got this it's like
a dope that worked well keep your cool
so that's to keep me cool cause I might
be a bit hot and also take some pens to
dude or you might get a bit bored and a
notebook to doodle in well that wasn't a
naked body by the way that was just um a
diagram it Saturday the 25th and there's
only five days till we go on holiday
today me again so I have been with you
for a couple of days but I mean quite
busy but what I have done is packed all
my stuff into suitcase and also you can
see oops
and I've packed some shoes as well
because like she's a really vital young
whole a can't stay too long
once again a minute I need to go to the
toilet hello Jay that's what you do in
here I'll zoom in to your face in the
anymore in you can borrow my own
supercharged oh you're right
I have two supercharged in 741 because I
like that music get what I'm having that
one oh you just said I could borrow it
yes come to UM play you know I had to
listen to literature on the plane and a
night
so and I will see you in Portugal
because and I think now we're going to
have to pack the camcorder up so I'll
see you on Thursday the 30th of May when
I be telling you what we did and
everything like that thank you bye bye
have a safe journey to Portugal by and I
am and to cool
just come on fire happened there it's 20
to 12:00 at night and these are steps
that we go down and this is the pool
litter this is Mindy's room hmm
don't look at me we've just been to Mary
shows and I had fish fingers and and we
saw Vitor and Jose pictures are still up
but flat was a big surprise people and
and yeah I have to gain oh well I just I
bought this necklace from my gosh today
because we went to the gosh and I wore
this necklace and I bought one like it
for Alex but has to be gay Thank You
Harriet looking at me
please sorry what you watchin your room
if you're wondering why I keep looking
up it's cuz I'm me anyway to see one
record improperly is because I'm looking
in the mirror that that's better okay
and then and then we went to Harriet and
James's food dinner but I'd already had
pizza and JetBlue they're like square
 things are really nice and for
pudding I had this really nice like
strawberry cheesecake thing with
chocolate and vanilla ice cream Biden
really liked it this is Zoe's egg
Louise though she pulling out her
earring at the moment let's go down
that's what she's wearing
oh so there we go
that was me a very very long time ago
vlogging so weird I just want to say a
massive thank you to everyone who has
subscribed and you know without you guys
commenting liking subscribing then I
wouldn't be doing what I clearly wanted
to do since the age of eleven I love you
all and give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and as a little present
for reaching four million subscribers I
see very soon by taking the plaque
and you just want to secure it behind
your ear with a hair grip or a bobby pin
and you just
