hello everybody today I have decided to
do something a little out of my comfort
zone but I went to my videos and I
noticed that my most popular video is
about hairstyles and I've only ever done
one video on how to hair and I get a lot
of requests from you guys saying how are
you done this how do you do that so I
thought today I would do like a midweek
mini video showing you how I do one of
my many styles that I like to do this
one is a halo braid which I think it's
its proper term or just plucks across
your head and I had this in my 2013 to
2014 video and the comments were flooded
with how did you do that to your hair
now I am gonna point out it's very easy
and once you see how I do it you will
understand how easy that is it almost
seems pointless me doing this for you
but I wanted to show you anyway
I just think it's a really nice easy
simple thing to do it takes seconds and
it can either be worn casually or on a
night out I'm just going to put this out
there but this hairstyle is definitely
going to be easier for people with
medium to long hair I'm not sure how
well it will work if you have short hair
as I've never tried it on anyone with
short hair and obviously I don't have
short hair so I can't promise you that
it will definitely work the first thing
I did was washed my hair using the Dove
Hair Therapy intensive repair shampoo
and then followed on with the
conditioner I'm really enjoying using
this shampoo and conditioner as it
leaves my hair super super soft before
drying my hair I prepped it using the
Tresemme 24-hour body moves I love using
a mousse it gives your hair a lot more
volume and it also helps keep styles in
place and then got my guinea pig to
blow-dry my hair as it's quite a chore
and I don't really like to do it myself
um he's really good at it so I would
suggest that you get your
a guinea pig if you want a really
professional blow-dry just joke in so
once your hair is dried not buy anything
you want to take this section of your
hair and using a pin you just want to
pin it away you then want to take a
piece of hair from down here and you're
then going to part it just a simple
three strand clap once you have come to
the end of your plat and it starts to
get a lot thinner you want to grab
yourself a clear elastic band you can
get these from most places I just find
them super useful especially for things
like this and you want to do the same on
the other side so pin your hair back so
it stayed out the way and take a piece
of hair from down here do you want me to
flat your hair next pippin because I can
oh my god imagine picking with a little
clasp now obviously if you have thicker
hair you can do a much bigger flat or if
you want to take the plaques from
somewhere else so your temples possibly
and bring them across your forehead
rather than over your head you can do
that as well okay now I'm just gonna let
my hair out I'm just gonna brush it back
with
taking the plat and you just want to
secure it behind your ear with a hair
grip or a bobby pin and you just want to
do the exact same and pin it to the same
bit of hair that you've pulled across
I'm then going to finish with a little
spritz of vo5 weather resistant
hairspray just to make sure it stays in
safe okay so that is the finished look
you can obviously tailor it to whatever
you want you can have curls you can add
little flowers along the hair or inside
the plat if you want it to be more of a
festival chilled fibe and yeah I mean
I've done mine with cars today but I'd
love to see what you guys can recreate
from this also do let me know if you
would like to see more office midweek
mini hair videos with me and pippin or
maybe percy and let me over comments
what other hairstyles you'd like me to
try and do and I will be happy to try
and do them give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and I will see you
again very soon bye when's Mama's
birthday 28th of March no Natasha
Olga babe gugus no 22 August night 3rd
of August yeah
oh god don't pavayne
