hello everybody hi come back to my
window this time I have my brother here
hi everyone I either we decided that
today we would do the Zoey versus Joe a
lot of people have also called this most
likely - oh yeah yeah of course I'm
gonna read from a list of questions
saying things like most likely to blank
that will be filled in and we have to
hold up whether we think it Joe
Oh Zoey or Joey Joey option on the
inside no I also want to apologize for
the changing lighting every now and then
because the Sun is coming out and going
away and brightens whether it's very
unpredictable most likely to fart in
public it's funny it is funny everyone
finds farts funny even with the are now
I don't more than a st. wrong with you
because they are they I think if you
want me down the street now and some
more platinum most likely to ask stupid
questions give an example we're not I
recently said have to shoot the question
okay here's an example we're going to
view by Joe comes into my room
so it took there'll be a hair dryer into
by in their hotel I stayed in that hotel
before no advice nothing just stupid I'm
stupid even that's all part my charm
okay
most who is most likely to be arrested
what would I get rested because you're
stupid sometimes you can't get a recipe
stupid can you you kind of you make
wrong decisions at the wrong time I
think you're my most like to be arrested
because you have a bit of a I don't give
a attitude sometimes I think Joe
would be most likely to be arrested so
what what would I do
I'll get your sq feet something really
like you'd be drunk pull down your pants
and run around naked and the policeman
would be like what and you'd laugh and
the needle rescue your recipe the
tourists laughing about with it most
likely to crash their car definitely
without a hundred percent of a dowel so
a sense yeah then we can't drive really
really badly
I think I'm reliable driver but I get
really like skittish like who is most
likely to forget someone's birthday when
it's dad's birthday 20th February when's
mum's birthday 28th of March August 23
August no don't thank you who is the
funniest way to you but really quick
quick quick quick
I think my sense of humors retry I don't
know that means Googler who is the best
dancing me no wait can we just get back
to a previous video we said do your best
dance move
do you wanna man it fits and I quote
quote quote justice no I didn't that is
not about I can do the worm Sakai no
can't not as good as me I can do the
forward yeah
bet you can trip sit down what you doing
I can do like I can do like that sister
so can i I think we're all my better my
fingers together yeah look at mine I win
who is the best singer you can't have
folk kind of do both yeah
so he's the best singer but you're more
funny so it's okay yeah I'll take that
who is the biggest drama queen
I know you are such a drama queen
I think is everything a drama queen
because she likes to have her own way I
think Joe's the biggest drama queen
because he likes to have his own way no
you got to have your own way so I'm
doing it it's like most likely to spend
money on things they don't really need
without a shadow of a doubt I want an
egg poacher pan the other day I can see
about 15 things just now it's rude I
think why the hell do you need a pair of
rollerblades down there Zoe Lewis gates
I don't care what you're doing here
well you gotta see most likely to take
control of serious situations me yeah
you're good at that I'm quite
level-headed when I fainted you run away
take control of myself you didn't take
control of yourself now you fell most
likely to wind up your parents Jaya from
day one Joe is always the child that was
scared to do everything but to mum all
the time wind cried mode yeah when did I
grow at that stage you have most likely
to survive a zombie apocalypse me you
would be crap are you for real I play
army in the guard until I was like 17 17
I'm not letting you in this one
literally that I fried on that situation
I love it sometimes actually wish there
wasn't a zombie apocalypse don't change
a card around that's a lie who is the
most attractive sibling
oh yeah so me and Joe Zoe and Joe most
likely to eat their card after serious
fish did you put that in the film not
watching most like to put that in the
bin if it for this video guys please
give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and you want more videos Joe we also
filmed a video over on Joe's channel
what should we do Joe Zoe grew a pair of
balls you may grow a pair of balls you
want to see this Zoe did the electric
shock ball challenge now if you have
watching movies before you want to watch
this book because it seems only in pain
and not just from the electric ball yeah
find out my face now you can watch it go
on a date or there will be a link in the
description box and there'll be a link
at the end and don't forget to subscribe
to Joe when you are over there let's see
how many subscribers thanks free
subscribe to smoke in the car sunlit
thank you
