hi howdy good day how are you good
afternoon
happy Sunday today I am going to do an
ask
zoella now I don't think I have ever
done one of these where it's just me and
I answer your questions that I went to
Twitter and I asked you to tweet me any
questions that you wanted with the
hashtag ask
zoella and I would answer them in a
video I'm actually really excited to do
this because it kind of almost feels
like I'm talking to you if you were
given a talent to play an instrument
what instrument would it be I've always
said this but I really wish that I could
play the piano because I think it sounds
amazing and when you see someone sit
down and then they just go through it
just looks amazing if you had the chance
which Disney Prince would you marry I
used to really like Eric from Little
Mermaid and I also really liked Aladdin
so it was always a toss-up between the
two both were quite sexy
both had dark hair but I think I would
have to go with Aladdin because I feel
that he had a better sense of humor I
don't even remember what the question
was was it which one would I marry yeah
Aladdin what is your highest score on
flappy bird well brace yourself but my
high score is full I suck at it okay
I suck at flappy bird what do you want
to say to all the insecure girls in the
world well um unfortunately there are
some insecure people there's a lot of
insecure people there's things about us
that we don't like and there's things
about us that we do like and in some
really sad cases there's nothing that we
like about ourselves but I think it's
important to know that that is your
perception of yourself that is not
everyone's perception of you and you are
beautiful and everyone is different and
everyone is perfect in their own way and
that's a lot to say thank you very much
how did your parents feel about you
making
videos I actually don't know how I don't
really know how I told them I think I
just started doing it and I would do it
whenever they went in so they didn't
know what I was doing
um and then when they did they were just
kind of a bit like okay well if it's a
hobby whatever if you enjoy doing it
that's really cool and then when they
realize how many people were watching I
think they were just amazed and now I
know that they're super proud and they
find it really exciting but I'm not
really too sure how I felt before
because I don't think they really
understood it all too much and I don't
think I really taught them I liked this
question if they're going to be a
YouTube girl band now we all know that
Marcus Jo Jim and Alfie have put
together this YouTube boy band um a sort
of off the cuff Luke type miracle that
came together I think there should be a
YouTube girl band and I'm taking upon
myself to start the band so I will
recruit members let me know in the
comments who you would like to see any
YouTube girl band that would be really
interesting can you show us your best
dance move can you impersonate
Alfie's laughs Alfie I'll tell you a
joke
okay hey what did you look massive what
aren't you here like this don't jiggle
marry me II know you're lucky you
luckily oh you're literally you're like
anything why why I don't know what to
copy I don't know it's a replica no I'm
not gonna laugh you should know me you
should know now you shouldn't know me
now I'm gonna mouth mile off and you
have to do thirty two one three two one
how long have you been best friends with
Louise I've been best friends with
Louise since 2010 which this month marks
our four year friendship anniversary
that is impressive
I love you Louise Trish seagull do you
ever think about how many butt cheeks
there are in the world now that you've
asked this question I am too for every
person plus a lot of butt cheeks
unless someone tragically lost one in
which case what's your favorite flavor
of air - farty and okay oh my favorite
flavor of air beach air that's my
favorite flavor but props to you for
being so open about your favorite flavor
respect my dad asks who makes the best
mashed potato in the world
Miranda boys just say well that's not
hard one
it's clearly you come to my house and
make me mashed potato
please I'm really having withdrawal um
maybe you could make it in a massive
batch and I could freeze it can you do
that
would you rather kiss Dumbledore or
Dobby well I did think long and hard
about this
kissing Dumbledore um he would obviously
be slightly higher than me and very
beardy a little fluffier little wiry um
and he's a bit older
kissing Dobby I'd have to get down on my
knees and he is um you know a house
health so I don't know whether you would
be slimy or where the house elves have
human-like skin um but I think I'd
rather kiss Dobby because I think it's
far more impressive to say that you've
kissed a house elf than a really old man
is it have you ever trapped your hair in
a car door
well it's funny you should ask me this
because about three minutes before
reading that question I did trap my hair
in a car door I had a pony tail and the
wind was so strong it blew my hair out
the car like this and I shut my door so
I tracked my whole ponytail of hair in
my door I was going to drive off until I
went like that and realize what was
stuck and I couldn't move it and then I
really embarassingly had to get my hair
back in long hair problems if they want
a catwalk
what pose would you strike I like to
call this there and blur pose so you
would walk and then strike a pose during
her Bloods some King asked will you give
hashtag so Ella one chance I think he
meant to say one more chance
well Sam after receiving this on
Christmas Day to me and Alfie um no yes
but his thumbs are in a bath and yes he
really did give this to me an Alfie for
Christmas going to VidCon this year
maybe I can actually get a picture with
you instead of this
oh do you know what I first noticed in
this picture
I first noticed a dashing smile this guy
had I then noticed how big and obvious
my bra strap was that day in my plate in
my jumpsuit stop yes I will be going to
VidCon this year and I will find you and
we will take an awesome selfie make
Pippen and Percy do the Macarena oh look
I'm future oh the clock over it I don't
know how this is gonna work
ready dum de dum de dum de dum dum de
dum de dum did it this is a new gay pig
Macrina
hey my cane ah that was the guinea pig
back arena bye Percy
please don't we on my bed okay Pippin
it's your turn to shine cure to shy
you ready don't it agenda gender to
deter this isn't really a gamer this is
not reading a bit during the ocarina hey
Mike Kareena don't just blink at me like
I'm crazy give this video a massive
thumbs up if you want me to do more of
these more often and I will obviously
let you guys know on Twitter if I do do
something like this again so make sure
you are following me at Zoo Zeebo on
Twitter and we can chat and maybe your
question will get out so did another
video thanks so much for watching and
I'll see you very soon
if you watched my previous video you
will know that I have moved house so I'm
no longer in my bedroom this also means
that I have a place with very minimal
it's the car
