I've got a right bulbous head today
hello everybody and welcome to my window
if you watched my previous video you all
know that I have moved house so I'm no
longer in my bedroom
this also means I have a place with very
minimal it's the car I also have a place
with very minimal furniture so
everything is kind of echoey so I do
apologize for that and once I get more
things in here I'm sure it will sound
great as I've moved it means that I get
to do a lot of fun shopping that I don't
normally get to do and that is for homes
and interiors things now I know that not
all of you watching this will be moving
house but I also think it's quite nice
to give different ideas for things that
you can put in your bedroom or storage
ideas or you know if you just a bit
knows you like me and you like to see
what people buy for their house
then you might enjoy this so this first
thing was a bit of a impulse buy which I
don't normally do jokes I always do that
and it is a waffle maker I've got all
fun dropping it I thought this looked
really cute it's like a baby pink color
and I just thought it's a nice thing to
do if you have people round or you want
something a bit different they've got it
with fruit and melted chocolate which I
thought was really nice and because
their own little sticks you can dip them
in things so you can use them as like
little fondue dippers and so I just
thought that looked really cute and it
looks super easy to make you literally
just pour the batter in waffle waffles
the next couple of things I got in home
scents now home scents is essentially
like a TK Maxx or TJ Maxx if you're in
the u.s. it's just the home section so
it's lots of discounted things for you
to buy um for your home I saw this first
of all which is a clear glass jar with a
screw top and it has a little heart on
it it's kind of sticking out a bit and
it's just a really nice look like medium
size I'm not too sure what I'm going to
put in these but I would love your
suggestions because I want to put easy
there in the bathroom or in the kitchen
too
you know store things I was thinking
like baking ingredients so you could
have like flour sugar or something along
those lines or I was thinking to fill it
full of my favorite sweets so that
anytime anyone comes around they can
just help yourselves to some sweeties
these were a bug this was $4.99 you
could even use this in your bedroom I
think and store like your cotton wool
pads or you know nail polishes anything
lipsticks can all go in there and I then
spotted the daddy version this is just a
bit bigger so I can put things in this
one too and this was only $6.99 you can
also use them as dragon you can tell
I've never played the drums before I
also found this awesome one which I've
already decided what I want to do with
it
again I know this would be awesome for
nail polishes I just think it would look
amazing all the different colors in it
but I'm going to use this in my kitchen
and I'm gonna keep my cereal in it
because don't you think having it in
something like this just will look so
much nicer than just like the big
colorful box and guess what cereal I
want to put in this yes you guessed
right
Lucky Charms I'll just think that looks
so cool in this clear thing on my
kitchen table or something I don't know
you're not just gonna I can eat them all
and that would be great
this was $6.99 again so complete bargain
I also then went into a different home
cents possibly have different ones
everywhere and I found baby ones which
are super cute and in these ones I'm
going to have tea bags and sugar this
next thing is from a shop called
Lakeland which has awesome baking stuff
in it if you like to bake cakes you
should check out that shop because it's
like looking into baking heaven it's
just everything you would ever need to
make anything base
but I picked up these milk bottles now
I'm not really too short I'm going to do
with them
I just thought they looked so cute do
you know what I did think I did think
maybe in the summer I can make fresh
lemonade or I can make smoothies and
then put them into this and then keep
them in the fridge I can already hear my
dad laughing at me from all the way back
in lemon Wilshire but I'm going to try
and keep calls they all just put milk in
there I don't know I just liked them
because they were like old school milk
bottles and their glass too that's
basically a lot of glass so far more
glass I'm not really too sure why I'm
showing these this could be totally
boring but these are from John Lewis I
am quite selective with drinking glasses
I like them to be a little bit unique
and quite quirky so in John Lewis I
found fees which is made from 100%
recycled glass which I thought was quite
cool and they just have a little stamp
on there that says well then take one
hundred percent recycled glass and
they're just really nice and thick and I
just really liked those so I got six of
those you know for when you want a drink
I also got a tumbler I think that's what
they're called I'm just going to use
this to keep drinking maybe some fresh
lemonade or a smoothie
it's napkin habit is it also from John
Lewis I picked up these really cute mugs
with I don't know if they're dogs or
foxes on them doesn't say but there's a
yellow one with a grey dog Fox and a
navy blue one with a white dog Fox a
mushroomy beige and a light blue and I
just thought they were quite cute dog
foxes I think they are a I think
that is a fox just to clarify the next
thing I picked up is for my bathroom and
it was also from home scents and it was
$4.99 and it's just this it says
apothecary natural remedy specialists
London Westminster w1 and it has like a
divide in the middle and I just thought
that I'd be quite nice to put
toothbrushes
and all makeup brushes so but that was
quite quirky and cute these were also
from Lakeland and I'm not really too
sure why I picked these up I think it
was possibly because I thought they were
a bit too cute just leave and they are
stainless steel birdie spoons basically
you know when you have a hot chocolate
and you sort just want to mix it around
every now and then so it doesn't settle
on the bottom these are like the perfect
spoons to do that and the bird balances
on the edge of the cup so you'll never
lose your spoon Wow pretty spoon went
into Asda and as I was doing my general
shop just for like food and washing up
products I picked up this One Direction
singing toothbrush because I've never
seen anything like it before
and I've decided I'm going to put this
in the bathroom and when guests come to
stay
I say guests I'm pretty sure this is not
going to be a communal toothbrush
because that would be pretty disgusting
the first person that gets to come and
stay with me can have this as their
guest toothbrush next thing I picked up
was this porcelain heart nibble ball
from Asda and I just think things like
this are quite handy to have if you've
got like people coming over or you like
to snack a lot like I do you're a bit of
a grazer then you can put you know
chocolate in this one sweets in this one
and sweets in this one or if you want to
be healthy nuts please and nuts why they
got peas thing is a to-do list which I
always need because I'm really
unorganized and now that I have moved
out I want to be super organized and
have everything in order so I'd like to
buy this
it's an mr Bridgewater and note
sketchbook thing and it says this week
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
Saturday Sunday and then a little box
that says tick one completed so it's
like look tick box and I'm going to make
a list of all the things I need to do
when I've done them I'm going to tick
off the day and make sure I've done them
all I don't know how long this is gonna
last for or if I'm going to keep up with
it but I'm going to give it a good dumb
try this next thing is also
HomeSense and it is a little egg tray
with hearts are you an eggs in the
fridge person or an eggs out of the
fridge person that's the question I
would like to know the answer to because
everyone has a different thing like some
people put ketchup in the fridge and
some people kept put ketchup in the
cupboard
anyway this was really cute and this was
$6.99 and I'm just going to put my eggs
in that this last thing is a colander
yay
everyone needs a colander so those are
just a few of the little bits of pieces
that I fought over the last couple of
weeks to put in my new place I hope you
enjoyed this kind of video I really
loved watching what people buy to put in
the houses and I don't think there's
enough videos like this trust me I've
tried to watch all of them to gain
inspiration and I've run out now so I
hope that's given you a few ideas for
your bedroom or storage ideas or if
you're moving house it has given you I
don't know some good places to shop to
buy some stuff thanks so much for
watching guys give video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and you like my new
setting and I will see you very soon I
know a lot of Alfie's oh he's doing
a little like this walk I'm John wrote
that like a Dino sticking with there's
another siren
I'll feel the bad people in prison no
don't you're right there okay
five five not $4.99 but I thought I
would show you anyway there's a wee bit
of just voting up my face
Oh
