hello everyone today I am going to do a
very requested video that I have done
twice before but I thought I would give
you an updated version my bedroom is
pretty much an empty shell I still have
my bed I still have my flowers that's
the last thing I need to pack be quiet
laptop and I just thought before about
to wait all my camera equipment that I
would sit here and film for you one last
time before I move away now I know that
if you read my blog you'll know what I'm
talking about but if you don't read my
blog there is a link in the description
box first of all and second of all I am
moving if you didn't know that already I
am moving to Brighton which is super
exciting I'm actually moving tomorrow or
today if you're watching this and yeah
that happened quickly and I said in one
of my last videos the goodbye 2013 hello
2014 that I wanted to move this year and
for the end of the month is over I am
moving so very quickly very unexpectedly
but I am super excited and I just can't
wait for the rest of the year now I
thought I would do an updated what's in
my bag because I'm not looking in this
for a few days and I know that it's very
highly requested and I've not done one
of these for about over a year I think
and so all this is so heavy
though I think I've rocks in here first
of all this is a Alexander Wang Rocco
bag um it's the one with rose gold
hardware I've had this for over a year
now I think I got it last January
actually I'm still loving it still using
it and I just love it let's see what's
in here first of all I have a little
orange notebook so I can jot down all my
ideas for blog posts and videos anything
else that sauce switches into my brain
whilst I'm on the train or you know
doing things and it has
s so my net my initials down here which
i think is really cute next thing is a
tub of extra white Wrigley's chewing uh
the smaller packs of chewing gum I find
just disappear so quickly that it's
almost not even worth buying them and
also I always end up with them scattered
all over my handbag whereas I know that
if I've got a little tub like this it's
not going to come undone unless you lift
the lid I've got two left in here so two
chewing gum oh I have two of those
Wrigley's extra ice all these on two
different extra ice instead of extra
white those else is in here
I've got an Asda receipt with a chewing
gum in it hmm
I have a penguin bar and I remember
putting this in my handbag the other day
for a which London because all a bit
peckish so I picked up a penguin joke
why do you penguins wear glasses answer
to help there ice site hey what kind of
explains the empty penguin wrapper
because I took two and ate one joke what
kind of fish do penguins catch at night
answer starfish uh-huh who writes those
jokes a hairbrush aa pen a loose
20-pound note that's dirty like it looks
tea stain oh maybe it's oh my gosh I
think it's blood why does it have metal
net I didn't have blood on it
I'm sure there's a great story behind
this or maybe a not-so-great story my
phone which is currently on airplane
mode so that my camera doesn't go did it
did it did it um and it has a picture of
his in and Percy
what the hell was that I think my roof
just fell off
or have some loose change I have one two
pounds fifty sixty seventy one keep an
empty one and change put that with the
leading 20 pound note oh now this is
cool this is a juice cube now this looks
cool and no you don't drink juice from
it and it doesn't make juice what it
does is you charge this and then you can
plug your phone into it and it charges
your phone I have this which is a small
cat kitten wallet purse thing and it's
like a little Clippy oil cloth one and
in it I have a Sainsbury's receipt and
some hair grips I'm not really too sure
why this is a thing in my handbag I
think it's because I'm gonna make a lot
more of an effort to save my receipts
because I am really bad with receipts I
throw them in my bag they get all
crumpled I lose them and I end up
searching for my car keys in amongst a
million receipts and it's not cool it's
like my handbag has bedding in it so I
think that is what that is going to be
oh oh okay this is a parking ticket I
forgot about this I got a parking ticket
laughs awesome Brighton
my phone so yes I have a parking ticket
let's just check that I'm still in quite
fancy I mean is it there like Brighton
and Hove City Council they do it
smashingly it's very pretty not like the
ones we have here they're like in tiny
like plastic bullets I have four days to
pay this right okay don't worry guys I'm
gonna pay that right after I filmed this
video I totally forgot that was in there
guys please empty your handbags on
regular occasions or park where you're
supposed to park and always update your
ticket when you're supposed to update
your ticket and don't be late for that
because then you get a ticket and it's
not cool my purse
this purse has been in every single
what's in my bag video for three years
straight I need a new purse definitely
this has served me well I do love my
Patrick hooks purse which I took from my
mum because she wasn't using it but I
feel like I just kind of want a new one
now I I've just had this a while I also
have some dollars 20 dollars why is that
in there you can tell I take great care
of my notes
it looks like I've tried to do some sort
of origami on that one then I've got my
cards I've got this which is really cute
I'll show it to you guys it's a tiny
little Polaroid and it was taken at
VidCon by a viewer who was waiting in
line to meet us and she had really
instant cameras and she said can I take
a picture of you guys I said yeah yeah
that would be awesome and I was like
these are so cool she was like would you
like a picture of it yes I'd love one so
this is from last year at VidCon and
it's you leave me and Tanya at our meet
and greet and it's just it brings back a
lot of nice memories and I love Tyler in
a wheeze so they're always in my purse
which i think is quite nice okay I have
this which says let's blog some shift I
like to have this out to encourage me to
blog although so far it hasn't done that
but I've got sent this to my peer box
and I don't remember who sent it but I
think it's awesome and I did liquid fast
in case I have headache
my favorite party at the moment which is
the molecule Oh one or just molecule oh
one perfume every time I spray this
someone will always go all what have you
sprayed you smell really nice so I like
that
and my vlogging camera which is the
Canon s1 110 in case any of you were
interested both side pocket I have the
original LAN ellipse 101 point meant for
your lips Tanya she gave me this when I
had a cold sore I didn't realize I had a
cold sore because I never used to get
them and now I get them quite a lot um
and I was putting this on because we
thought it was just a sore lip and then
it turned into a cold sore so although
tiny said I know you can keep it spying
I'm sure it will help I think it was
because I put it on my cold sore lip and
then she was like well I can't use that
again so take out of my house now you
infested weirdo although she probably
was just being nice and letting me have
it why does this have a sheep on it with
lipstick what's that got to do with
anything and last but not least is the
body shot lip balm in honey which I got
in my body shot advent calendar and this
stuff is amazing smells amazing tastes
amazing feels amazing on the lips I love
that stuff the only thing I hate about
pots of lip balm is that you have to
stick your finger in it and then put it
on your lip and then you're kind of
stuck with like a sticky finger and
you're like where do I put this now
normally I'm just like or I'll work on
someone else they just don't realize so
that is the contents of my bag
completely emptied I now need to go and
pay a parking ticket before I get fined
even more money I've never had a parking
ticket well that's my first time a
parking ticket so there you are we share
all these life experiences together I
really hope you enjoyed this video and I
will see you in Brighton for next week's
video I am now going to pack away its
tripod this camera this light and my
little flowers and candle and this as
well and probably the chair and
everything else in here apart from this
because this is stuck
the war give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you again
very soon oh and there's a link in the
description bus burst and it's also
perfect ham ham box eyes the tiny little
packets of chewing gum chewing gum
chewing gum gum gum gum gum
like I made of paper which is the
molecule I'm just glad that you guys are
coming along with me because because I
am and the next thing in my bag is my
mobile and this is the newest one on the
market I believe I just find this really
handy and you know touchscreens are
really out at the moment so I've been
loving that such a throwback I literally
got dented my floor when I dropped it
then make sure you think heavy make that
make sure
