I feel his arms around me and when I
lose my way I close my eyes and he has
found me
Wow hello everyone and welcome back
today I am joined with Diane parlor I
love her we are doing a baking
collaboration has it ever been done
before
I'm not by us no it never has we're
going sometimes that went really well
remember by Isis you can win to end the
video to click and see that but on my
channel I decided I would try something
slightly more challenging when I say
slightly more I mean on my own marathon
I did not know it was gonna be this hard
this could be a fail video but we are
attempting to make I also got given a
macaroon making set for Christmas so I
kind of have a slight advantage I can
look online for you and see if I can
find it and leave a link in the
description box if you want to get the
kit if not we'll try and advise
alternatives as we go along we need
white yeah it says you're supposed to
prepare them one day before making and
put them in the fridge first fail
remember back we haven't done that it is
cold outside today so maybe we could
just pretend that because it's cold
I'll go to record a movie exactly
tomorrow I love separating I don't you
do it
yeah promise option yeah Thomas watch
this okay watching you watching a minute
Tom that's the picture what you do when
you separate an egg you want to crack it
preferably the middle I give my cone on
the top now you just want to pass the
yolk through and keep passing it through
and we've got all of the air catch we
pretty much have done no see make sure
you think any
make that nation is fine
I think I give a check quickly there's a
bit of shell in that yeah I know you're
gonna have the writing of any kids on
the cover yourself
okay look you were about trying to spit
you out one time I know you're gonna say
you have to use the shell to get you out
there's no getting out with a spoon you
watch this I'm gonna get the exact exact
and when she says egg poos you know
sometimes when you crack an egg in this
is tiny little brown things telling
things that they're hey puppies you will
need your bowl to be super clean whilst
you do this by the way because
apparently any sector can completely
ruin it okay Thomas do the other right
I'll do the second egg and as I'm
talking she's cracking the other egg bad
I don't know if you can do it do you
have to front well we'll never find out
yeah oh nice isn't it so I poured the
egg whites into a smaller bowl so that
we can use the larger bowl as we have to
add the egg whites to the mixture rather
than the other way around we need to
measure out 230 grams of icing sugar
which is if you don't know you're kind
of like frosting powder look at what
you'll call it I'll leave all the
ingredients below and you can convert
them to any other measurements that you
want to use so do you want to pull this
in
yeah perfect to that Oh perfect alert
okay we need to add this into the
electric whisk if you don't have an
electric whisk and just whisk get one or
do it by hand even everything easier
with one of these I used to borrow my
mother's all the time now we need 130
grams of ground almonds don't dry brine
the almonds yourself you need to buy
these already ground don't know yeah you
can't just go try to climb on it not
take you a very long time that a serious
point you just made
you need to get armor to make them
130 in they go you then need to whisk
this on a very low risk setting so I've
not had this very long so we don't know
if this is going to cover up fine
contact you have to mix it properly
together so it's called a half and half
I don't know what that means that's what
it says in the books written Charlie put
the Japanese very safe now you need to
pop this mixture into a bowl and you
need to use one of these things to get
in which has tiny little holes so
something very satisfying about sipping
absolutely is boring once you have Sid
or sifted your powder so that's the
icing powder and the almond powder we
then add the two egg whites just on top
what we do not mix them cool and the
next thing we need to do is get another
Bowl we've got this one
stainless steel then I'm going to add
two more egg whites it's so nice and
this time see how good she is again the
egg white out oh we got a nice crack
around simpler John man that was good
what we need to also add some granulated
sugar this is really important guys
regulated it's the big one we need 60
grams wait we just have that elusive in
slowed down with with an electric whisk
yeah this is a but I'm really excited
mom
Oh put it in you want that I'll plug
this in
oh god register forward until the
meringue have the texture of shaving
foam again
I don't think it's nice to have it on
the bottom of that I think it's written
hey we've been whisking now for about
ten hours yeah very much make sure you
have an electric whisk for this guy's
because meringue type formulas are never
going to work when I speak another oh
yes and it should look something like
this
now we need to fold in the other stuff
which looks really grim and you have to
slowly and use a silicon spatula you
must go from the center of the bowl
outlet I think Zoey did both jobs she
can't do both job I think I'm just
worried about you doing it is it I'm
going to be just fine be sure to scrape
the spatula on the bottom of the bowl
tiny for me you're going it looks very
common add a tiny bit okay that's not
yeah oh that looks good you may notice
oh he's folding it in that's what we
have to do here you ever made anything
like this before no I've never made
anything technical in my life all ever
do is like sponge cakes and stuff now we
don't know if this is too liquidy or if
this is too solid but basically it's
very difficult because you have to not
mix it too much
also don't under miss it so this is
potentially the part where we both go
very wrong but it we might vary right to
so now next step is to grab yourself a
baking sheet and place it on top of the
grill grill section of your oven so
basically the Shelf of your oven I got
this which came on my Korean kit which
is kind of a guide to show you how much
you're supposed to pump and you want to
try and make sure that they are all the
same size now we need to fill up I can
by doing okay I can't say it looks too
appetizing it kind of looks like
porridge really blended once you're
ready start piping Tom's going for the
center of the sheet is this feels like
Jimmy's face behind the camera is like
why are you turning the bottom bit
so I did apply pressure from the top are
you may apply pressure from the top time
okay
it's not me down Thomas coming up don't
play through oh my god I can't what Don
is going mediated oh no you think /
thank / and you won I did don't put too
much in this one week out you're not as
big cook as you guys feel I have a weird
feeling these might turn out okay yeah
Zoe just tell them after I'm all right
here
she's all right here okay so me and Tom
have just worked out that on this baking
sheet we think that you're supposed to
fill this section and it fills out to
this section because of notice that ones
that we thought were perfect have now
gone like this I think to be honest this
is a lot of just practice makes perfect
and this is our first go so it would
improve if we can get like three
macaroons out of this for all of us then
that would be great
we've attempted to pipe these out
unfortunately the grill pad is uneven so
we do have some slight merging ones but
I think a lot of them are okay and
they're going to come up great yeah you
have to gently tap the grill down on the
counter just to let any air balls come
to the top so you ready now we're going
to leave them for 15 to 30 minutes until
when you touch it on the top it doesn't
feel sticky yeah we have just got our
macaroons
out of the other we put those in for 15
minutes but we were checking as we went
along because the last thing we wanted
to do was to get Martin and butter after
all that hard work but we've done is we
took them off they were really easy to
get off the baking thing and and we
matched each one with like a similar one
so that as you can see when I hold it up
like the bottom is similar to the top is
the fun part
which is
filling now for these I wanted to just
go for something quite simple because
these were hard enough to make as it was
for a first attempt so I'm going to do a
Nutella filling with some raspberries
which i think is nice also you can make
fillings yourself you can have fresh
cream you can have butter icing you can
do your later icing yeah you could even
put food coloring in than my Koreans too
but we just wanted to keep it as basic
and stripped-back as possible also if
you don't like Nutella you could get
chocolate spread or melt some chocolate
if you don't like Nutella there's
something wrong with you in our gang you
can really but not too Nutella parties
also guys don't worry if you have any
failed macaroons because you can crumb
warm up and have them with ice cream or
yeah with our failed ones I said that we
should mash it up have it with ice cream
mix in a bit of Nutella I thought it
would be a bit like Kinder Bueno
mi always so weird we have finish we
thought this video is going to matter
and fail this macaroon yay it may have
actually what we think we've not tried
one yet because I think now we must try
hmm
I think these are cute for like bite
sized microwave if you wanted to make
them slightly bigger slightly denser
then by all means just use a baking
sheet and make them as big as you want
as long as you can get them a narrow
metrical as you can you're gonna wear
yeah definitely now what we want you to
do is to have a go at these yourself and
now we know they're not really easy but
it's a challenge and surely we would
like you to post them on instagram with
the hashtag baking with Tanja and Zoe so
we can see them
yeah it also brings me on to say that we
also filmed a baking video on tires
channel where we made we made a really
yummy juicy lemon loaf cake and it was
so tasty was that yeah most of it's gone
now we even at the half of it
if you want to watch us baking the lemon
loaf cake click Tanya now or they'll be
a link in the description if you're
watching this on a mobile or a tablet
and they'll also be a link at the end
those are if you enjoyed this video and
you want to see some more cooking videos
with my friends or some cooking fails or
some challenges that you might want to
set us yourself in regards to cooking
and we would love to do it thank you so
much for watching guys and we will see
you next time bye
now you out my kitchen I love him I love
him but me I'm not like one in every
eight words she's holding two things
yeah you got like an alcoholic look once
a big fight one two eight oh nine oh two
four six oh one yeah Jovan
so so my - waitress reaiiy know know
what that means yes it means I'm free
no no auntie chance an empty tables
where my friends will meet no my friend
me what your sacrifice was for empty
tables where my friends will meet no
more she says yeah my casa oh please
this into your chair sugar I love lemon
juice 3 2 1 go
