hello everybody hello everyone and
welcome to 2014 it feels like ages since
I last made a video even though it was
just before Christmas but I hope you did
all have an amazing Christmas and a
fantastic new year with whoever you
celebrated it with and whatever you did
it's honestly feels like yesterday that
I did my 2012 - 2013 video and I haven't
really constructed this video in any way
I'm just going to sit here and have a
chat with you guys 2013 has probably
been one of the best years ever I got to
do so many things and I felt so so lucky
and had all your guys support I remember
making a video in January I think it was
January where I was saying thank you for
reaching 500,000 subscribers so somehow
in a year I have managed to gain an
extra almost 3 million of you because I
hit 500,000 in January I hit a million
in April I hit 2 million in August and I
hit 3 million in December that is mad
but I just want to say thank you so much
everyone who subscribed if you subscribe
last week or if you subscribed literally
three years ago then thank you very much
and it's basically down to you guys that
I get to do all these amazing things and
I get to go different places and that I
get to have an amazing year one of the
first things that I am happy that I've
managed to do in 2013 is that I feel
like I have got my anxiety under a lot
more control probably this time in 2012
I was not able to get on a train and
this year I went on trains planes long
journeys and cars taxis I managed to go
to a lot of different countries and
experience lots of new ways to travel I
wasn't even able to set foot on a train
platform without feeling like I was
going to have a panic attack before so
that is a massive step in the right
direction and I just think for any of
you who are going to tackle that in 2014
I hope that this gives you a little bit
of inspiration and a little bit of
reassurance to let you know that if I
can do it you can also do it I think
it's better to do it now than to leave
it too late what else have I really
liked this year oh well an obvious one
is that I got to meet and interview one
direction which was amazing I also got
due to their premiere probably the best
48 hours of my life I would love to
relive the moment many other times I got
to meet so many of you this year and
it's it's really rewarding and humbling
when I get to see all the faces in front
of me that are generally just a number
when you look at it online but it does
feel so much more real when I can
actually meet you and give you a hug and
ask how you are because you all know so
much about me and I don't really know a
lot about you and I want to know a lot
about you because you guys are really
important to me so it is really nice and
really humbling when I get to meet you
guys in person I know that 2014 will
bring a lot more of that if you want it
but through challenging my fear of
flying and my anxieties around flying
then I got to meet you guys but it also
meant that I got to meet a lot more
friends and other fellow youtubers you
know who you are and I wish that we all
lived closer but it has been amazing
getting to know these people just making
friends in general is such a nice thing
these are now people what I hope I will
have in my life for a very long time
doing what's flying I won a BBC Radio 1
teen award which was a complete shock
and I'd actually don't think I have done
a video where I thanked you guys for
voting um unless I have I can't remember
but thank you to those of you that voted
for me it was amazing and so surreal
having to stand up in front of 9,000 of
you in Wembley Arena where I couldn't
hear myself and one of my strappy top
straps had fallen down which looked like
my bra so that was that was good
wardrobe malfunction live those are just
few of my highlights and things I have
really enjoyed during 2013 oh one other
thing I don't know if you guys know if
you follow me on Instagram or Twitter
than you will but I also picked up these
little guys I love them so much
yes I do yes I do this is Pippin mm he's
so cute
watch oh he has one brown eyebrow
they are both Abyssinians they're both
boys and they're both brothers and you
are climbing yep okay this is Percy say
hello boys feel if I put him here he'll
do this you can't just sit like that
they want to see your pretty face he's
happy when he thinks no one can see him
oh are you trying to eat my necklace now
I want to go through I feel the things
that I want to do in 2014 and that is to
see more of the world whether that's to
travel somewhere or if that's literally
to go 15 minutes down the road to a town
I've never really been to before and
just to see a lot more of what's around
me basically another thing that I want
to do this year is to try more foods now
that may sound bizarre but I am quite a
fussy eater I know what I like and I
stick to what I like I always just think
it's easier that way I've just never
really been a very adventurous person
with food it's only after spending a lot
of time with friends and going to
restaurants and stay in different
countries that it dawned on me that I
have such a restricted food palate is
that the what I don't know um so I have
decided to try lots of new things so of
time I go to a restaurant I'm going to
try something on the menu that I don't
even know what it is there's so many
amazing things out there to eat and I
stick to pizza I know there's a lot of
you that are in the same boat right now
you feel my pain well I have this when
you can have pizza I also would really
like to drink more water
I say this every year but I have a
two-liter bottle of water next to my bed
which I am going to try and fill up and
drink every single day Zoe if you watch
this video back or anyone makes a gif of
this drink more water you can also you
know tweet me and remind me that would
be great
thanks Joe another thing that I think is
really important not just for me but any
of you if you would like any goals or
things that you want to achieve this
year and that is to spread a bit more
positivity whether that is within your
group of friends at school um at home or
online online being the key one here
because I think it's very easy for
people to say what they want to say
without feeling any of the backlash that
they might get in real life because you
know being online you can be anonymous
you kind of essentially typing things
with outer face um so I think this year
is the year that it would be really nice
if people were more positive like
instead of the people that like to
spread negativity try spreading
positivity and I think you'll be
surprised at how good it makes you feel
and how good it makes other people feel
in general we can all be happy together
and I think it would be a much nicer
place if we were to all be a bit more
positive and be nicer to each other
so I think that applies to online and in
real life this one is very exciting um I
am planning to not be living here this
time next year so hopefully at some
point this year I will be moving out of
this house I'm moving in this is me
moving in and moving out to a house on
my own scary and exciting and I want you
guys to join me on my journey because
you've joined me on many journeys and I
like it though what I do say I want you
to join me I don't actually mean coming
to live with me in my house that would
be weird
just before I go I would really like to
say thank you so much to you you
watching this for being subscribed
following me on twitter follow me etc
I'm just supporting me and my
and my social media just enabling me to
have the best experiences and do the
most exciting things and be given so
many amazing opportunities I hope that
you continue to watch and enjoy my
videos in 2014
I'm not going anywhere so you don't have
to worry about that and now I have two
new members of my youtube channel Pippen
and Percy so together we can all be a
little family I also just want to
quickly add to the end of this video
that spreading the positivity could
start here for you if you are feeling
extremely lovely this evening
what would be really really nice is my
friend grace grace Helbig or Daily Grace
as you may know her is switching
channels um soon I think it might be in
a couple of days to youtube.com forward
slash its grace I love grace I love her
videos she is just such a lovely person
so hilarious
in order to show her immense support
let's all go subscribe to her new
channel and show her that we love her
that can be your first nice thing of
2014 Pippin and Percy have already
subscribed so that is it for now guys I
just wanted to sit and have a little
chat with you um you know fill you in
and get you a bit excited for 2014 but
also just you know I quite like to just
sit and chat to you because when do I
ever get to do this let me know in the
comments what you have decided to try to
achieve in 2014 and also let me know
what you have loved in 2013 and maybe
what your highlight has been in your
personal life or on my channel or on the
whole of YouTube
thanks for watching guys I will see you
very soon bye
oh you're so cool
oh come make video anymore
oh shut up okay through 2013 why am i
coming for watch
