come on grandma I hear this a bell
ringing ding ding ding - no stop for the
mascot no stop hello everybody hello
everybody it is nearly Christmas and in
light of the festivities I have my
chummy here in front of my Christmas
tree
and we are everett pleased to be leaders
were saying all day that this is a
favorite day always bad day I'd sleep oh
so excited what we wanted to do for you
today is to share the gifts that we've
given each other if you're running
around last-minute on Christmas Eve
which I really hope you're not this
might be of some use to you or if you're
just nosy and you want to see what we
got each other which actually went down
really well last year because you filmed
on our second channels and everyone was
like I love it I love seeing what you
thought you learn yeah so we decide to
do it on our main channels and we are in
no way showing off I just want to point
that out we actually love each other a
whole amount and I love giving you
presents basic what I love taking your
present I feel like finding blah blah
blah I feel like buying the presents
it's the most exciting thing and you're
the most exciting person to buy for
because you know I'm going to be so
excited mm-hmm
so he has already opened her present I
have for my channel it's linked below
but wait till the end of the video okay
you ready
yes okay this is move it to me oh what a
big SAP water weighty sad crikey me what
is oh my god joy I know what this is
it's a frame oh no sorry my favorite
person
these are pictures of me and so old
Oh them to me to me ah this is a little
photo shoot that we had at her aunties
house the other day
Oh chummy I know my favorite one these
are my favorites all hang with in my
study when I get it all redone Oh mm I
think I'm that's all the presents oh
great I lost the first ones all the rest
are gonna be downhill don't know for
every stocking handling but that's what
I've got Joe Christie is hold forever ha
ha I do love a bit of chocolate or
viously I'll just see what I think I've
just seen yeah I didn't wrap that 1.008
got candy mouths OH har they're just
gonna sniff my candy mountain all day
thanks Chum any thanks chummy with me
well okay and find out an electric
toothbrush no is it a toothbrush no must
report your teeth please that's fun
you push with it Oh what is this I don't
think you pull it well it's a toothbrush
no why do you want to do it
oh hey shower gel and shower - shower
gels oh oh that it's grandpa cow and
nakid cow flavor yeah character no it
was really funny I thought least one
nice for traveling oh you're not trying
to tell me I'm a kromagg I always feel
like people will get offended when you
are perfect for travel this one wait let
me think what that one it oh yeah open
that one that's just giddy up giddy up
giddy up fufu
we lifted lift this heavy chocolate
orange that is oh I can eat a whole one
of these so can i one sitting the minion
is always that the whole store we fight
over it do it babe max hair not talking
to the water goodbye is chilly I'm like
okay good
what's that what's that wait let me
think I gotta remember what it is can I
open it
yeah lovely ribbon Shammi hey lovely
presentation what did you wrap these t
we watching a film at the time probably
else Oh meow
do you love a bit of going on I hope you
haven't already got this you got it
already no I haven't got this one
thought it was the one that's all like
tortoiseshell
no stop it well that is just exquisite
isn't that so pretty yes hold it hold it
up so they can see this is a bronzer in
a wooden thing and it's got magnets so
just close your Thank You chummy that's
beautiful I thought so too
hey I'm already opening you're down
there but I'm going I'm heroin when life
gives you lemons make lemonade I love
stuff like this don't I I love little
quotes the things I shall hang this in
my kitchen I did think it would look
nice in your kitchen well it'll go very
well
well most beautifully wrapped status we
could reuse that bit of ribbon yeah I'm
such an old woman oh this is more of a
joke okay I love those cat lady I really
like charge is bad you have to wear that
everywhere you go okay I'm doing a talk
tomorrow where it there hmm
I really like cats they are the best I'm
a definitely a cat lady made you watch a
video about cats early didn't know yeah
you did
okay next one no this one okay what's a
good feel almost feverish with
excitement
look at this choose use two different
types of string
different colors but different textures
also lovely artists I do like laughing
present lovely technique this black
limited edition okay let's see I can't
even look at that middle one okay what
it is is selection of five Mac pigments
this one is like glistening snow look at
the sparkle like shaking Jamaica saw the
corner like it's Mac Oh chummy these are
magnificent thank you I saw them in
comic body is that you know this one
okay
you spoiled me rotten I like to spoil
you rotten
you deserve it like Gloria you deserve
it
I don't think that's a game this is nice
isn't it it's wrong when you know don't
tell me what this is is it what I don't
know what it is don't I I know what it
is don't try is it at a six-piece I
shadow palette sing conga I'm she
started freaking she can't handle it if
the dollar it's the pirate future the
moon ride up to the moon I get to me
back to the fee vision back to future
Martin vision that's lovely
look at that one mmm I'm not
I have looked at them all I have a
feeling I know what this day is because
we had a bit of a situation
yeah we did
do you want to explain it I'll explain
the situation I was looking to get
something for Louise and then Alfie
informed me that he'll that you would
have a Skype company and I'll sit on a
Skype conversation and that you are
looking to find me the same thing but
I'd already got you what I wanted to get
you so that Alfie went as oh like um I
feel like I should tell you something
but Louise told me in confidence I don't
know what to do
Hey so basically I think you've got me
and you One Direction tickets because
last year we didn't get to do it
properly
yeah I had a panic attack and couldn't
go there basically so once again me and
Tommy are gonna take over the war it's
actually signed by them chiming no oh
there's pictures of us that was our
first picture and then this oh yes next
to one direction
look mmm we're on here with one
direction practically friends with them
Merry Christmas chummy hoped you liked
your prezis you deserve them all for
being the bestest friend ever have an
awesome day love you up Zoe yes this is
your ticket to see one direction with me
smiley face and we have awesome so
thanks for all your present bad coaster
thanks so much
okay so I hope that you enjoyed this
video it was what I wanted a to make
yeah let me know in the comments what
you want for Christmas or if you know
what you're getting for Christmas it's
all very exciting if you want to see
what Louise got me for Christmas then
click on her face now or if you're a
mobile viewer you can click the link in
the description box and there'll be a
link at the end don't forget to give
video a massive thumbs up but they're
for Christmas Christmas be your
Christmas present I hope you guys have
an awesome awesome Christmas we love you
lots
say Merry Christmas yeah video is your
most special present
it's as heavy weighty and then the tree
debt yes watch it lovingly three decks
