hahaha hello everyone I'm Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas to one at all
at all in one and one at all
bumper one and one for all buy one get
one free as it was Christmas me and Joe
decided to wade through our old home
movies we had a little trip down memory
lane
did we Zoe we did and we found a lot of
old Christmas footage that was way too
good not to share with you guys so we
thought you could watch us watching it
back enjoy by wearing
do you know that I'm wearing a collar in
that well right now
yeah huge table yes I want you to arrest
me Sooey I've never seen this
laughs still the same hideous I'm so
creepy I love always come in just get a
good swing for it it wasn't you were
just so eager you just what you just
didn't care hey wait how can you say
later
oh ma you know it is based on oh what's
this based on most is based of them
what's this present based all this
presents going to be based on well I got
it it's my scalping
okay such a way let's see like that
buggy scary I don't like in your
presence
what's a tip sample paper
Oh
oh wow look at my class extensions
please can you be like oh I try every
year can't do it just point out that
star ball Star Wars box that was for
both of us why I was so not interested
in the others that's why I thinking yeah
so that's what we definitely believe in
father Christmas yeah we do now it's
time to go into the really cringey
awkward teenagers stage where we didn't
know what we were dressed like we
thought you were cool when really if
that wasn't created enough we just seen
and this will get a lot worse for us now
put it back please Joseph that's
cheating you pork you call me a pork
that's cheating you for okay you survive
I can't get over the history correct
that's so fast Ringel is a cream 3/4 Joe
is going to inches - that's pretty look
at my hair you know the goat on the ring
you should know it is you
Mira Mira clear nice hat I do terrible
taxes this was before it had any sort
air cut since the barbaric oh nice ha
jeez hi I love how the presents they get
dessert issue is like all things to
solve improve her rank hair so here a
hat I did and scrunchie to try a new
scent with it non pacing jewelry a
little nickel free metal Oh presents
begun Cougars
oh look a brush it was literally hittin
him so he can once with your hairdresser
why should you take it to a hairdresser
here we go
oh yeah he's gonna pull it off in a
minute this is what sent even frame even
Frank Oh God oh it's really nice it's
nothing Tomb Raider athlete 9 months
this is my Harry Potter year where I
really liked her a lot so just
this is the next year
and you sought your help so yeah a
little bit I've had it cut and had I've
had hot blonde put in the friend yeah we
were playing and it makes this noise as
well you're wearing the same pajamas
though we're the same pajamas
just admit it you've got brass I'm not
showing you hello I'm making it set I
don't want you to figure out with you go
away was it must have been pan in
without drugs
you ready Wow look at my fashion sense
this year weird Charles's my plan total
one of the tea towels come off your
wrist
I thought it was so cool ten-pound you
look get out - from party when I'm
excited I for my legs what ten pound you
look - hey I've got Reese's now got
braces
I thought your job is on thanks drop
head dry was I'm a night person does
that mean the ritual fishermen
antiperspirant good question clinic I
first-ever deodorant
wow thank you
oh it's heavy it's his name
how is that
thank you ain't gonna be no key at much
be lucky box which I don't know whore
Zoe suffering from tinsel itis this is
the era that tonsillitis and I sounded
bomb-thrower
you I'm 14
okay this one good this man is got to
Norway which is good as women is smelly
coma smelly cat come on you can do it
oh yeah
we broke up the same header I have a leg
oh heck yeah say why we like to cars I'm
Lego or playing a deal yeah
laughs Oh Sarah and girl that was mine
this is looking like pearls this is your
like panic at the disco staging yeah
this is my left panic at this guy yeah
boy
my sweet pea French came in and my big
old hoops and my top that just exposed
one breast like what even what fashion
is done
put your bug my head you know I cut that
myself yeah yeah yeah you can sort out
thank you very much thanks up what my
back
Oh heart okay no I just got like a
tickle don't I die stop we really hope
you enjoyed video guys thumbs up if you
liked it and maybe we can do more things
like this in the future since we've
unveiled hours and hours of footage that
we never had yeah so there's a lot more
that you haven't even seen yet so this
is just the tip of the iceberg we also
filmed a video over on Joe's channel
what do we do Joe
uh you turned me into the grin I stared
it was really fun and he got really
green so make sure you click his face
now or if you're watching on a tablet or
a mobile there's a little link down here
for you and there'll also be a link on
the end card you look at the link their
house looking for the link bye bye hello
sandy lo hello Grinch that's actually
quite good trouble um your hair said
yellow
