hello everyone another DIY video for you
today I thought I would squeeze another
one in before Christmas was over I am
going to show you how to make these
gingerbread cookies I've actually done
all my measurements in grams but I can
pop all the details in the description
box for you if you need to convert to a
preferred measurement now I know this
looks like a lot but not all of it is
necessary we have light brown soft sugar
golden syrup black treacle you'll need
some water which obviously I couldn't
display on the table ground cinnamon
ground ginger butter bicarbonate of soda
plain sifted flour biscuit cutters of
your choice I have Christmas trees
snowflakes gingerbread man and of course
a little thorn has slipped in there
icing and decorations
I've got larger tubes of white and
chocolate piping icing as well as
smaller colored icing you need a mixing
bowl some scales some baking parchment
rolling pin and a baking tray a spoon
measuring device this thing is awesome
and of course you need a saucepan and a
wooden spoon pop your saucepan on the
hob and measure out 75 grams of light
brown sugar and add to the saucepan next
step is adding two tablespoons of golden
syrup if you have a sweet tooth this is
also the time to refrain from trying to
eat the whole tin which is what I always
used to do when I was little and my mum
was doing the cooking
well I wouldn't eat the whole tin but I
would give it a good damn Drive now I'm
adding 1 tablespoon of treacle then I
add 1 tablespoon of water
1 teaspoon of ground cinnamon and 1
teaspoon of ground ginger you can also
add a little more ginger depending on
how ginger you like your ginger biscuits
to be put the hob on a low heat and
allow the ingredients to start to warm
with your butter at room temperature
measure out 95 grams and add that to the
saucepan
mix all ingredients with a wooden spoon
until it looks deliciously mixed
remember to continuously stir so it
doesn't burn or bubble add half a
teaspoon of bicarbonate of soda and mix
that into
measure out 225 grams of sifted flour
and slowly pour it into the mixture with
the sauce pan off the heat although
unlike myself remember to turn the flame
off or you could set things alight keep
mixing and gradually until it forms a
ball of dough and leave it to cool for
30 minutes you may want to also add a
bit more flour at this stage depending
on how well your dough is forming
after the 30 minutes up it's time to
roll out the dough don't make it too
thin ideally three millimeters thick
this is also a good time to preheat the
oven to 180 Celsius or gas mark 4 you'll
need to flour your surface and your
rolling pin so the dough doesn't stick
to everything
my favorite part now cutting the brisket
shape I had lots of different shapes to
play around with but decided the
Christmas trees and the gingerbread men
were the best options
I also threw in a random form turns out
they're hard to cut so only one of them
made it to the oven
pop the dough shapes onto the baking
paper on the tray carefully and allowing
a bit of space between them so they
don't all join once they're cooking pop
them into the oven for 10 to 15 minutes
until they feel firm when lightly
pressed with your finger tip don't go
sticking your things into them really
hard you will ruin them
leave them to call for a few minutes and
then you can do the Sun part I sing
which can also be time-consuming
depending on your designs and how many
you're decorating I say they're dun dun
dun dun da da dun dem sorry I just used
white icing and a dash of red as I
thought it looks quite classic and also
still quite festive but you can
obviously go to town with this as much
as you want and there we go some
delicious gingerbread biscuits
perfect for the festive season at
parties gatherings or even as a cute
Christmas gift displayed beautifully in
a box if you're tight on budget this
year tweet or Instagram me your cookies
a closer bow so I can see all your
amazing attempts thanks for watching
everyone hope you enjoyed my second DIY
video Merry Christmas and good bye
day I'm attempting to do a Christmas DIY
video this could be a complete Laster
but i'ma try my best anyway I am gonna
be making some chocolate orange hot
chocolate served in actual oranges which
I think would be a nice little creative
touch if you're having a Christmas party
