hello everyone today I'm attempting to
do a Christmas DIY video this could be a
complete disaster but i'ma try my best
anyway I am going to be making some
chocolate orange hot chocolate served in
actual oranges which i think would be a
nice little creative touch if you're
having a Christmas party or a little
sleepover plus they taste delicious and
trust me I've drunk a lot of them so I
would know you will need large oranges
some chocolate orange milk of your
choice more chocolate orange - a tad
afterwards or to eat as you go along
edible sparkle just for decoration some
festive straws or there is always a lazy
option of buying instant hot chocolate
and using stencils to make them seem
pretty and festive without going to the
trouble of emptying all the oranges and
doing it that way
first step is to pop a saucepan on the
hob and grab yourself a wooden spoon you
can estimate and measure out the amount
of milk you might need by using a small
mug and pour it into the saucepan and if
there are a lot of you then I would do
this a few times now it's time to heat
up the milk I'm going to emphasize the
word heat here as I don't want to burn
it on the bottom of the pan which I have
done many times so make sure the flame
is a to high and stir the milk as it
warms through
now is times my personal favorite set
breaking the chocolate orange into
pieces and adding it into the saucepan
and eating a few bits as you go along
just to make sure it tastes okay mm-hmm
you can vary the amount of chocolate
that you add depending on how strong or
milky you prefer your hot chocolate do
taste tests along the way and keep
adding if you need to that's actually
what I end up doing because I wanted
mine a little more chocolatey than I
probably needed it to be how much do you
just want to drink that from the
saucepan now you could finish here pour
in two mugs and whack on a few
marshmallows and squirty cream but if
you want to be a bit more creative I've
decided to cut and hollow large oranges
to pour my hot chocolate into if you're
under set an age and you aren't allowed
to use sharp knives or your
exceptionally clumsy this is where I'd
seek an adult's help no honestly I'm
being serious I do not want any of you
to lose any fingers at Christmas time
cut off the top of the orange to use as
a lid and hollow out the orange I've
just used a spoon here you can also get
a few glasses of freshly squeezed orange
juice out of this because there's
absolutely no need to waste the center
of an orange all good for you using a
small knife I've cut out the top of the
orange and popped out leaving a hole you
can pop the lid back on and now you have
your orange cups
I also just want to point out that if
you pick out larger oranges it's a lot
more beneficial as they are a lot more
sturdy because the last thing we would
want is for one to roll over
cut your straws to the right length and
make sure they fit snugly into the hole
in the lid
being very careful again if you're
clumsy to seek help use a ladle to pour
the hot chocolate into the oranges using
the oranges as hot chocolate mugs gives
the hot chocolate the extra zing you
kick that a porcelain mug would never
give Plus it just looks a lot more cool
unless you drop it in which case you
will burn your cells and make a massive
mess so to avoid that if you can
you can then add coconut to make it look
like snow marshmallows cream or you can
use the sparkle dust and the stencils to
make them all look a bit more fancy
although I personally just love them
simple with the lid and the straw if
you're worrying that these could be a
little bit unhealthy or a little bit too
sickly for you
don't worry because after you finish the
hot chocolate you have some freshly
squeezed orange juice to balance out
nicely so I hope you've enjoyed my first
attempt at a do-it-yourself style video
I know I need a little practice so sorry
about that if you do make these be sure
to hashtag zoella truck oranges on
Instagram and you can tag me at Zeebo
so I can see all your creative attempts
that are probably a hundred times better
than mine thumbs up if you enjoyed this
video and I'll see you very soon
go give Zoey a big cuddle say thank you
go I need a big cup of the kids oh do
you like your present
yeah
