hello everyone today I'm going to do my
November favorites I don't know well
that sounded so robotic I know do you
mind if over favorites yeah okay so the
first thing I want to talk about is a
perfume now as you know I'm quite
selective with perfumes and I'm also
kind of fussy this one I have had in my
collection for a long time and I
rediscovered it the other day
it is the molecule oh one percieve one
thing you will notice is that it doesn't
have a lid which does kind of bother me
because if you're throwing it in your
handbag or you push down on it then it's
going to come out like I don't really
understand why they would think oh let's
make this amazing scent and not give it
a lid unless there was a lid and I just
don't have it anymore but I'm pretty
sure it did not come with a lid it looks
like it's called boy Roy which is what I
like to call it even though I think it's
just oh one one oh one something it just
looks like it says oh yeah oh boy so I
like to call this my oil oil perfume
which is a bit of a mouthful and it's
not actually what it's called this is
basically a single ingredient which
adapts to people differently so this
could smell completely different on
yourself as you smell it to have someone
else smells it which is kind of scary
because if you put it on and you think
it smells amazing someone could walk
past you and think you smell like crap
so I did have to wear this a few times
to be like do I smell nice does this
smell okay but it's had the thumbs up
from almost everyone I know so I've been
wearing this and loving it it's quite a
woody smell on myself as I smell it and
it's quite a nice one for autumn/winter
so I have been really enjoying wearing
this so if you are interested in giving
an experimental perfume a try then
definitely try this or you know it's a
nice gift for someone and just hope but
you're not the person that that will
smell like poo when you have it okay the
next thing is also scented as are a lot
of things in the product world this next
product is because of miss Tanya burr
and I was at her house not too long ago
and she had a big stash of Christmasy
winter candles that she was going to
blog about and one of them was a Laura
Mercier candle and she
he said this is probably one of my
favorite winter candles give it a sniff
smelt it fell in love with it went out
and bought it the next day it's that
nice and it is the warm roasted
chestnuts candle now it comes in this
black glass container with a lid which i
think is really nice although I do find
lids on candles really annoying because
apart from you know if you need to
transport the candle there's just no
need to have a lid really what's the
purpose of a lid I'm not too sure my
brother actually doesn't like the smell
of this I was burning this in my room
last night and he came in and he was
like it smells weird in here but it's
not a boys taste in scent it smells a
lot like gingerbread um smells basically
like warm chestnuts roasting on an open
fire part it's not your typical spicy
Christmassy scent but it's definitely a
Christmas scent and it just warms my
soul not that my soul needs warming
that's quite satisfying now I know why
there's a lid next thing I've been
loving is something from rental and it
is the wake me up concealer now as you
may or may not know I am the wake me up
foundations biggest fan ever for the
summertime not so much the wintertime as
I feel like it's a little too glisteny
and you could end up looking like Edward
Cullen in the sunlight on a wintry day
so I've been using this as my concealer
I had forgotten that I had this and it
was right at the bottom of my makeup
stash and I had a reaction around my
eyes recently an allergic reaction to
glitter which sucks I basically found
out that anything past shimmer left my
eyes very irritated I had red under my
eyes red dry circles really dry really
saw and it was really really bad so for
like two weeks I had to go with nothing
on my face pretty much and I had to very
sparingly put anything under my eyes or
near my eyes and then I sort of wanted
something light
and with an anti-fatigue effect to go
underneath the iron also something to
brighten so I went back to this and I
just really really liked it the coverage
is good it doesn't feel too heavy it's
not cakey and it does brighten
underneath your eyes I've got it on
today and I just really like it
radiant glow that's what I needed after
my eyes got damaged by glitter I needed
a radiant glow speaking of eyes and my
eyes being damaged it was sadly due to
this product which I absolutely love it
is the charlotte tilbury eyeshadow quad
in dolce vita
it was sadly this glittery shade down
here in the bottom left hand corner I
just can't wear that one anymore it's
it's just a much thicker shimmer than
the other colors in the palette but I
have just been loving Charlotte Tilbury
makeup at the moment this quad has a
really pretty shimmery champagne a sort
of red brown and then a more ashy Brown
and they're all shimmer colors and they
are beautiful it's not cheap but it is
really super pretty and maybe you can
pop it on your Christmas list
I just sadly cannot use this one anymore
which sucks sticking with Charlotte
Tilbury because I have been loving it so
much I also have this lipstick firstly
the packaging has a lot of rose gold in
it which is a plus really just the
packaging although people say that you
should never judge a book by it's cover
I very often judge makeup products by
their packaging because it's kind of
hard not to and so this is rose gold
lipstick beautiful it's not just the
packaging that I absolutely love it's
everything about this lipstick this is
the color night crimson it's a really
dark plummy red so perfect for autumn
winter and because I've been loving
these shades so much recently I just had
to give this a try okay next is a blush
and this is a blush again but I had in
my makeup collection and it was right at
the bottom I completely forgot existed
but when it comes to winter I like to
stay a little bit further away from the
corals and the orange shades of when I
have
slightly tan skin and I tend to go more
towards the light baby pink you know as
if you've been outside you've got a rush
of cold and you're all you know flushed
I found this one and it is by me and
it's mi eye cosmetics and it didn't look
anything special to me if I'm honest
it's just you know a small square black
compact opened it up little mirror and
the most gorgeous pink shade I have
probably ever put on my face I
absolutely love this color so much it's
a matte so there's no shimmer in this
one so it's nice to wear on days where
you don't want it to be too obvious that
you've got any blusher on you literally
want it to look like you've been outside
in the cold and you've just come back in
again and it's also really nice to wear
with bronzer and also with highlighter
I've actually got it on my cheeks today
it can be as subtle as you want it to or
you can build it up and make it a lot
more darker or literally give it the
lightest feathering on your cheeks and
it just looks so pretty it's also
massively pigmented it's not chalky at
all and really super easy to blend I
just really like this and I'm gonna have
to look into getting some more of these
I think and also checking out the brand
bit more because I did not know this
brand existed until I found this in my
makeup collection so yeah big thumbs up
for this okay so there is a little bit
of a reoccurring theme going on through
this favourites and that is finding
hidden products in my drawers of makeup
so the next thing I found was a lip
gloss because I have been loving baby
pink on my cheeks I've also been pairing
that with baby pink lips and the lip
gloss I've been wearing pretty much
every time I've worn a pink lip is this
one which is the Rouge bunny Rouge and
it is in the color
Asya royal jelly XXX lip bump it's also
a lip plumping boss as well now I don't
particularly believe that this plumps my
lips it does feel nice and tingly but
not too tingly like the soap & Glory
ones which literally make my lips feel
like they're going to explode off my
face I really like it it's a gorgeous
color the next thing is something hair
related and this landed on my doorstep
not very long
go but I love it now you all know how
much I love to have big volumize
backcombed roots hair I like my hair to
be big basically this is the L'Oreal
Paris studio line
hashtag text texture styling volume
super sizing spray that is a mouthful
didn't think too much of this again just
thought okay that looks interesting but
this is brilliant it gives back combed
volume which I like the sound of but
it's also a matte texture so it's not
shiny it's not wet it just feels very
matte and it has a nice hold it's not
too firm it's not sticky and I really
like it I've used it in my hair today
let me just perv it more in look look at
that whoa well that kind of speaks for
itself two random things now the first
one is very random but you know me I
like my sweets and treats and random
goodies so the first is marylande gooeys
now this is gonna sound really weird but
I actually do really like these a lot
I sent Alfie on a mission to get me some
treats from the supermarket and he came
back with these and he got me the
hazelnut version which is essentially a
chocolate chip cookie with the center
full of Nutella and when you bite into
it the Nutella is like gooey and
delicious and it just melts in your
mouth and you're just like what is this
it's amazing I must eat the whole packet
in one go
and at first I was like oh no hazelnut
because I'm not the biggest fan of nuts
haha but then when I realized it was
like Nutella inside I was sold
completely they have three different
types I think these ones are the triple
chocolate so they've got white chocolate
and in the middle they've got chocolate
goof I could talk about these forever
but the more I talk about them the more
my mouth is watering I've not opened
this packet yet so I'm gonna refrain
from opening them and I'm just gonna put
them down last thing is a random thing
and it is let me see if I can just hold
these up I'm going to call these dolly
shoes because I don't know what else to
call them they're the sorts of shoes
that you would wear when you went to
school like primary school and you'd
have your little frilly socks and things
now I got these from office I've just
been really liking these shoes because I
think they look so cute with dresses
skirts tight and tight
and they're just quite a nice
alternative to trainers and boots in the
winter and they look adorable with socks
which you also know I've been loving
frilly socks patterned socks socks with
dogs on socks with guinea pigs on just
socks and obviously you can see the cute
socks through the holes and they just
remind me of like school shoes I just
think they're so cute for example I'm
going to be wearing these with the
outfit I have on now which is a dress
long sleeves comes to just above my knee
tights
and these and I just think that is so
cute and I want more of these in my
collection okay so those are all the
things I've been loving through November
please let me know in the comments what
you've been loving or if you've been
loving any of the same things as me or
if you go out and buy any of the things
I've mentioned and then you've ended up
loving them as much as I have don't
forget to give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you very
soon goodbye
la la la la ah revolver ball and go to
more go to more Awards the two like this
make sense today today oh my gosh
fringe participate I don't really tend
to wear lip gloss a lot my dad just
sneezed pum pum pum feel like my that is
Apple don't get to visit guys can you
cut me out of a call by is you still
there - me and the cause you're still a
joy oh just having a Skype chat layer
with this is one of my favorite things
it's a cute vintage China for which I
picked up on Etsy and I absolutely love
it
the game or fairy lights this time a
mistletoe themed and I also have a
mistletoe themed star
