hello everyone so as you can see my room
is now festive it is the first of
December which means I can officially
decorate things Christmasy whenever it
gets slightly closer to December I am
itching to decorate my bedroom
Christmasy and to get in the Christmas
spirit if you didn't know already
Christmas is probably one of my favorite
times of the year so I really really
milk it so here is my Christmas themed
video I thought I would do this to give
any of you that want decorate your
bedroom a little bit of Christmas
inspiration and if you don't celebrate
Christmas then I hope that you enjoy
this anyway rule number one of injecting
a little bit of Christmas into your
bedroom is obviously by adding a
Christmas tree mine is a small fake one
that I bought last year from next I then
covered it in lights as you do and I
opted for a red white gold and silver
theme with all the baubles the cute Bell
ones are from Sainsbury's which I
actually picked up doing a food shop
would you believe it looks like
Christmasy already this is why I should
never be allowed to do voiceovers I also
think if you want to capture Christmas
it's important to have a lot of fairy
lights i draped some over my mirror just
to give it a bit more of a cozy feel and
no christmas treat is complete without
something cute on the tops I have gone
for a little father Christmas but you
can obviously choose whatever you want
times are the candles which you will
actually notice is going to be a
reoccurring theme through this video
because I am obsessed with candles
this one is called welcome Christmas and
as you can imagine smells amazing I've
popped this cushion on my chair because
I feel like it's quite festive and cute
although I'm not really too sure what
the peaches are supposed to represent
and here we have the other side of the
room
I actually made these little festive
glass bottles as I think they're quite a
nice alternative to a Christmas tree and
they make quite a nice cute and very
cheap decoration I'm actually going to
do a video to show you how I made these
if you would like
so this is the table at the end of my
bed and you can see I've added a few
festive touches so that I've got another
bottle that I've made a little scenery
that lights up and some other bits and
bobs this is one of my favourite things
it's a cute vintage china
fawn which I picked up on Etsy and I
asked you love it again more fairy
lights this time a mistletoe themed and
I also have a mistletoe themed
star hanging from the center of my
curtain Pole because why not I have a
really cute Christmas decoration hanging
on the end of my curtain pole which says
Santa stopped here so I hope he reads
that one other cheap tip is to grab some
ivy from the garden to decorate your
room pop around candles etc etc since I
have quite a small bedroom I like to
keep it as decluttered as possible which
is why I don't have a lot on my chest of
drawers another thorn itse and more
Christmasy twig bottles I actually put
LED lights inside that bottle oh and
would you look at that more candles I
just think winter and Christmas are the
perfect excuse for multiple candles
I'm no cozy evening in your Christmas
bedroom is complete without a Christmas
hot chocolate now there is nothing about
this that makes it Christmas Eve besides
the books that I'm actually currently
reading which is I heart Christmas by
Lindsay calc which I love and also just
the fact that it is super delicious and
full of marshmallows obviously feel free
to replace the book for your favorite
Christmas movie I highly recommend out
the funny one that one
now onto the bedding I actually have
this bed sheet from Primark with
reindeers on it if you don't want to go
all out and get all your bedding
Christmas aside I've also got the other
sheets from Marks and Spencers which i
think is really cute and actually quite
subtle I also added a few cushions just
to tie in with thing one fake fur and
one red I will repeat this is not
reindeer now I shall give you with a few
Christmases shots of the bedroom with
all the lights turned out so you can see
how cozy it looks and I hope this is
given you some inspiration or made you
want to drink hot chocolate give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed this
and I'll see you very soon I show um Shh
if you wanted to do something similar
ol√° a dream no so I have filmed my wall
my saying this is the least fun of a
little like this is the most follower
VAD it was all like exactly how ho ho ho
ho ho father Christmas is not complete
without eyebrows lemon
