hello everybody and welcome back tada
I'm here with Louise my bestest chummy
Thank You Tommy thanks what we're going
to do is the household makeup challenge
so we could both get five things from
around your house there could be
anything as long as you know not a
harmful yeah it's not harmful to the
skin
not like bleach no and then we have to
create a fake a beautiful face from
anyone gosh okay let's put crap on my
face yeah yeah goodbye oh whoa
okay so you've selected your product
yeah I selected mine they currently
under towel
wasn't already call me up but okay
shotgun doing your face fair oh you do
the other person's face
yes chummy thought you did your own face
oh is that why you're Lee okay he's
definitely fits my ramzan okay next I'm
getting a baby food challenge three two
one oh god what is wrong with you you've
got shaving foam and flour yeah it's
gonna be real fun
what how do you put it on the face
anyway you like with your hands yeah oh
okay
so in Louisa's part for me she's got the
teller gravy granules and Ella's kitchen
carrots apples and Parsons baby food
some toxic waste which I had my favorite
no I dashing about my face oh it's hard
boiled sweets yeah I thought it was like
goo no never
some maple syrup and some barbecue sauce
which I know you hate so good luck for
not on me yeah I hate public yeah I
thought you had to do your makeup with
these products
yeah but even then you'd have to do but
you'd have to do your makeup so you've
got really hard everything okay yeah for
Louise I've got some Nesquik some Bob
real that would be nice and sticky not
in my eyebrows shady home some flour and
some cotton well okay I'm gonna get
started I'm excited let me pin myself up
what's also really great isn't going out
in an hour for a meal out well this one
wait you look delightful okay oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh I get to like
this Oh charlie oh it's this they
actually stinks kiss watch bah bah bah
lumps in it to me I can't stop smelling
it's a yeah a lot of my face is gonna
clean my hand killer looks like okay get
some shaving foam now right
all this does smell delicious game's
gonna be on
and treats chasing ephemeral gesture
there's so much food in my mouth watch I
hate this so much
I'm gonna scratch my thing I want you to
have like Oh chummy it's gonna get my oh
my oh my oh no - it's not one in your
hair to do this well Oh chummy is just
like shaving foam in the bar all on my
toes yeah okay tilt your head back a bit
squish oh not in my mouth
Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy ain't moving
that's allergic you making me choke to
me every factor eating show
to recovery this is the lease whatever
like this is the most all over bad and
what a lie exactly ho ho ho oh ho ho
father Christmas is not completed our
eyebrows low
what do you think but no words for this
to me I'm always choking on this Jame
it's nowhere near your lips if I right
so your turn I don't want to touch any
of these products well you're gonna have
to I'll touch the Nutella yeah so
firstly what I'm going to do for Zoe is
a beautiful base because to me oh sure
oh my god you just swallow it on mm-hmm
Nutella makes my teeth look white hot a
wall makes my look yellow next up you're
going to go for some Ella's kitchen
carrots apples and parsnips not what I
like about these is I've gone off okay
great
ha ha don't play my heart before it
dripping I'm dripping it right a bit
there just turn slightly just as a
highlighter okay I'll just hold the babe
like that I think it's just a beautiful
hamster I love this is dripping mm it's
just sort I thought you were gonna touch
here oh that's um I don't think I'm
gonna find out
like what your eyes watch your eyes and
we're going to go for these which it
realize was sweet I thought it's going
to be goo have you tried one no should
we try one at all Yeah right
Oh something's ripping into my eye on
this side what good is your eye okay the
the thing just say I got a spot look
smart and then I'll be sure
tell me I'm going the barbecue I've got
in the barbecue you can never know it
was a good sign
Oh chummy I think something just ripped
good then let's see who can keep it in
enough the longest okay
I don't like sour things don't you I
love them okay great - Wow
it's not sour yeah
so my living trying to speak hello a lot
of swimmers before the ball oh I'm gonna
have to sort of this farewell item like
it's been to hole through my tongue it's
me oh oh show me go away no it's
barbecue oh it's gonna end my nose it's
actually gonna inside my nose to me okay
well we hope you enjoyed this video as
much as Newey's enjoyed filming it and
something is slipping between my
forehead oh okay so I fell off my face
we also filmed a video over on Louise's
channel which was a lot less messy what
did we do on your channel to me we did
the best friend test but with a bit of a
twist from last time it was and go on
over there and watch that with a lot
less Nutella and Bovril click here to
see Louise's video and there'll also be
a link in the description for all you
mobile viewers and I've get giving a big
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I will see
you again soon goodbye you can go out
like that now your sustainer I'm sorry I
made you do that German we can be
friends came out you choking
hello that's one of the most horrific
things I've ever heard
apartment is how I've been raised the
spider came out and like dreams about
boys all the time similar um only as my
friend not in a sexual nature that's
what you say hot mom Weasley that time
