hello everybody today I am going to do a
very long overdue video this was gonna
be my October favorites video but I kind
of feel like October has been and gone
as its named December so I'm just going
to call this my current favorite and I'm
actually filming this in athletes
kitchen right now because I'm in
Brighton but I wanted to get this video
up for you before it was officially
Christmas at least I'm also joined by
some very special guests so I'm hoping
that this will brighten up a multi
favorite by seeing a few familiar faces
I'm going to call it one of my guests
and I'm going to hold up one of the
things that I've been loving I'm going
to ask them and see if they can guess
what it is I'm going to show you I'm
gonna ask them what they've been loving
too because I think it's quite nice to
get a diverse range of favorites I'm not
necessarily just mine so I thought this
would be interesting and I hope you
enjoy it
ok so my first guess it's Louie also
known as sofa Louie and for Louie is
that still going yeah you can pick one
of these four things there's four
categories down there okay the swinging
you can this is something I've been
loving this month oh yeah have you heard
of them Jolly Ranchers
yes yeah that's so good they've got like
what is that free there is a blue
rosbridge it's a blue ones really
actually super blue rods manatee and
artificially flavored the only downside
feasible they make your tongue change
color Oh
takes me back when we were on digital
because I absolutely love them they're
just hard boiled sweets basically but
you can only get them in America
I voted for it melted for ages a good
thing we're going to get blue tongue
just doing it please also says it smells
like house vomit breath when I get one
of these I don't know if that's a good
thing
oh no you're telling me what have you
been loving this month to me this month
I've been loving I went up the CN Tower
one time I did this edge walk thing I
hung on to a ripe and suspended above
like it's one of the tallest buildings
in the world I think it's like it's
their two tallest in the world it's
crazy I like to live my adventures
through Louise vlogs because you do lots
of adventurous things that I don't do we
should do something adventurous on that
day I'll pull myself that's so cool um
is there anything that you are looking
forward to another travel related thing
on in 40 is I'm going to Australia in a
couple of weeks and look great gonna be
like going all over the place and I want
to go I'm going to go scuba diving on
the Great Barrier Reef and like super
fishing stuff say oh I'll film it we'll
see ya my ventures go over and check me
out I'll leave this link below he does
awesome things and he's always on the go
I think you've traveled more countries
than you have stayed here yeah you can
finish your suite now I knew I liked it
yeah is my homeboy Tyler by the lipstick
me my current favorite lipstick Oh what
is this funny this is the expensable oh
this is like a nice plummy color
who's your ot3 my ot3 is probably Troy
Ella
Troy Ella is that where am I
Troy your mother troyler oh it's like
Cinderella yeah okay great
it's the YSL rouge / and it's in number
205 I don't know the name where I like
that color it's really nice and because
I love it so much I found some drugstore
juice who see this dark color this
variety of Christmas yeah that's why I
love them at the moment looks like a
good autumn winter colors every TV
so this one is Revlon and it is black
cherry mm-hmm and this is a riddle this
was slightly more kinky if you're a bit
scared of the dark color it's called
starry eyed
this month I won this month artpop it's
the new Lady Gaga album available now on
iTunes well you need to listen to gypsy
and dope and uh manicure and aura and
applause and Aladdin guy I like you I
like them all
gypsies really good if you listen to one
song off the album listen to gypsy you
will be sold you will buy the entire
album its iconic I'm a big I'm a huge
lady art he's the biggest thing he got
yeah yeah it like I saw her nipple I saw
her nipple she was wearing like a
pillowcase at the time inside yo ass
Gaga does not talk inside right here so
I'm going to so what you looking forward
to I'm looking forward to below no let
me come up with something Ashley oh I am
looking forward to a night out with all
of my friends here in Brighton because I
feel like like we get to see each other
online a lot and it feels like we hang
out a lot because I watch your videos
and I read all your tweets but in
reality we only hang up like five or six
times a year like I didn't bring my
computer like yeah no because on spend
time with you
and that's that means a lot like good
for you dad for computing oh yeah I set
up a queue on my tumblr I'm gonna let it
all go without me watch my weight is
next I feel Troy whichever one you'd
like oh yeah
you do that yeah you've got two powers
to pick from right my favorites left
right okay so here we have the shunting
filling shanty Kayla that's not bad it's
Shanta kai we also have another oh the
same thing again Shunsuke yes but the
difference is one of them is less stylo
the other one is eyeliner yes this one
is a waterproof eyeliner just a pencil
and it is the best one I've ever used
I have been wearing this a lot recently
and loving it and that one is a liquid
liner which I've also been loving and
yeah I mean they're quite pricy because
this is not the cheapest brand well it's
a pull-up one Troy there we go really
loving these doesn't smudge down my eyes
amazing
okay so Troy Talia what you have been
loving this month okay so what I have
been loving this month is from
underneath his jumper noise-canceling
headphones one really wants my be
because I've been doing a lot of
traveling and I've been going on trains
and planes and I've had to listen to
Tyler Oakley for about a week now so I
mean at some of these very very urgently
and they are so so so cool there's a
little switch so you can use there's no
wire points but then you flick the
switch inside so it cancels the noise
the switch do you have a better battery
anymore is it just yeah so it's a little
tiny battery it's not a big thing I
don't know what low battery
yeah that's the one and yeah they're
just they're really really good made me
sleep my whole life
I'm leaving anything I wants what is
best only ones just in case any of you
want some of those I just hit myself in
the face
this is good bad this is a hat in the
violent Nautilus and what are you
looking forward to I'm looking forward
to midnight memories the way you're
right you know coming up very very soon
and I can't wait to hear hairy sexy soap
you boys
sorry
I'm awful it into a triangle which is an
actual thing that I actually want to
happen right here you want to record a
single with you Zoey I think we should I
always have bummed out that I'm Jewish
because I want to do a Christmas song
with Zoey I just think that our voices
were like suited yeah that Michael
realism it's beginning yeah Christmas
but you can do like a get pulled out
sciences that's not necessary Oh
Christmas stuff Jewish people do get
cold so that's the thing that we could
do is that baby oh it's cold
that's why I love it fun it's all lies
you get Glee that song it reminds me an
elf maybe not them no you've never seen
a sellout is it rude I feel like it said
a rude comedy no no it's like a funny
Christmas comedy with Will Ferrell in it
yeah rude rude
thank you so much for baby with you
trends gonna steal you and you can say
in forever
I want to move to England second being
Zoey yeah and Jo and Daddy suck and
record singles and well you are my long
lost brother sag makes sense
I'm taking Marcus's father's place
outside actually is yes freezing I'm
gonna come and take a seat on my couch
my cat's not yours but you don't allow
oh you're the last one comes to town
right on that so this is your last
category Rimmel London scandal eyes I'm
gonna say scandalous I'm right back
start hey mascara no I'm gonna explain
to not be worried about right corner and
this what nothing Oh Elsie but I've been
loving these these an alternative to
eyeshadow yeah I'm using these on lazy
day so this is an eyeshadow stick and
I've just been blending this on my eyes
and then using a brush send out a lazy
day that sometimes yeah and this one is
by eye Terry so it's slightly more
expensive a bit on the higher end and
you put it on like this no please don't
do that you also supplied a drugstore
alternative because it's a lot cheaper
and it's the gorgeous color this one's a
little bit more liquidy though and it's
more of a paint so you put it on and
then smudge it as its drying but this is
the Rimmel London one so it's easy to
get hold of let's try it on you oh wow
that's cold
why my let you do this because you have
to display what my lip will look like I
don't know I don't even get range so I
didn't see any other boys wearing this
ah God not see your bottom it's flat
that's it now you're wearing my favorite
look at mehmed doing that beautiful yet
delight thank you what have you been
loving this month I have been loving
simply the fact that there are so many
youtubers in London right there is so
many people around at the moment
and Lords login getting a long Chilean
so fun
oh my gosh almighty we should make Tyler
and Troy should we make everyone move to
YouTube house yeah and what you looking
for - I'm looking forward to the fact
that you're involved in this as well
we're going to do by December I don't
even know if a know yet but us to Jimmy
Tania Marcus three like loads of us yeah
I go to Dubai and it's gonna be sick
yeah I'm actually reading up into / I
want to do with the cool stuff like
swimming that tag so I I'd love to show
you something in that time so I am not
scared in front I'll ask it guys I'm so
manly
I am so many Zoey you probably can't oh
you just broke my other topic yesterday
keep the skirting board Sam I totally
broke it'll bruise so are you looking
forward to this might come as a bit of a
surprise to you and you I know yeah yeah
Christmas today you to get here we drove
for three hours three hours of Christmas
music okay no matter a bit of Michael be
unwinding the Christmas present
snow coming down Oh watch it fall much
like lots of people around it's just a
baby please come home
I'm worried
ah go grandma but yeah great son
Christmas you like it that is the video
over I hope that you enjoyed it although
it was slightly different I don't think
I'm gonna be able to do this every month
as I don't always have my friends here
in the same room give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it it really means a
lot to me and all the other also please
don't forget check out all my friends in
the description box I'll leave a link to
all their channels make sure you go and
say hi and subscribe and I'll show you
all of them all as much as I do I will
see you again very soon bye
I kind of want to put this on I just
live in there I actually love this so
much
Wow I'm just gonna wear this the rest of
the video I think oh I got this scarf
it's a snow door snoot however you want
to put
