hello everybody today I have something
super exciting or have two super
exciting things the first I will get to
in a minute but it does include Katy
Perry and tickets that's the biggest 10
ever and a second is a Primark haul so
firstly I wanted to get this out the way
at the beginning because I just think
it's too exciting to leave until the end
I have kind of got a bit of an obsession
with Katy Perry at the moment and raw is
always stuck in my head hmm I have got
tickets to go and see her in concert so
what I wanted to tell you which is super
exciting is that I have two tickets to
give away to see Katy Perry and it's
gonna be amazing
all you have to do is leave a comment
down below and I will pick a winner from
the comments so it's that simple you can
comment as many times as you like every
single day if you want to and I will
pick a winner and let you know if you
have one and then you can go and see her
for yourself just a quick note is that
if you're on oh - like myself you can
actually get presale tickets now ok
that's enough ok so now that all of you
have written your comment in the
description box to win the Katy Perry
tickets I am now going to get on with my
haul video I went to Primark and I've
not been since summer that other Primark
haul that I did and um I'd seen a few
people sparkles and I was like I think I
need to go because they have so many
cozy things in there for autumn and
winter so I took a trip to Primark and I
picked up some things so I thought I
would share them with you I'm just gonna
start with grabbing the nearest thing to
me which is a pair of Christmasy woolen
socks these are the cozy slipper socks
and they look Christmassy and the reason
that I really like these is curve let's
just take this off inside it's fleecy
and warm and I actually prefer these two
slippers because I can just chuck these
on and they've got the grippy little
things on the bottom and I get very cold
feet in winter so these are kind of
essential for me and they're super cheap
they're only three pounds I also picked
up this jumper which I've seen quite a
few people get it's really like slow
she and it's super fluffy and cozy and
it has hearts on it and I just thought
this was really really sweet I thought
it would look nice with the shirt
underneath as always
back to slippers I don't really like
wearing small little like slipper
slippers but I saw these cute little
boots and I thought they were quite nice
for winter when it's really super cold
and you get up and the floor is freezing
you're like although it's so cold and
again it has a super cozy lining and I
have quite a few pairs of these and the
lining was all different in all of them
some of them is like really wooly but
these ones are like fleecy and soft and
fluffy I just stuck that in my mouth but
jumpers because I'm quite jumper
obsessed I also picked up this spotty
one which I really like again it's quite
flowertchi
and I just think you can't really go
wrong with a spotty jumper it goes and
everything it's black and white and I
thought this would look really nice with
a skirt and a little scarf and that was
only 12 pounds and it's all thick and
bubbly and cozy I also got this one
which is quite like the heart one in a
sense that it's very stretchy and baggy
and soft because it's the same sort of
material I don't actually know what
material this is but it's kind of like
fluffy and this one has like baby pink
snowflakes on it so I hope that one was
really nice too I'm not really too sure
what I'll wear this with I think I just
got excited because it was Disney
because I pulled it off the rails like
Tiffany and then I was like wait what am
I gonna wear this with and she's not
exactly pulling like the nicest face but
it's this snow white baggy t-shirt with
rolled-up sleeves she looks a little
scared I got excited because it was
Disney and then then you know my arm put
it in my basket and it just ended up
till stuff if you watch quite a lot of
my Primark calls you'll know that every
year I like to pick these up and they
are the fleecy pajama bottoms these are
my favorite thing ever
these ones have Robins on and they're
quite Christmasy and they're just so
soft in the same sort of line of pajamas
I also picked up
dressing-down because i actually don't
own a dressing-gown this is a super
fleecy dressing-gown I actually got it
in a bigger size because I quite like
dress and gals to be a bit oversized and
a bit more snug and it's cream and
fleecy and soft and the hood has little
ears on it kind of want to put this on I
just live in this I actually love this
so much
Wow I'm just gonna wear this the rest of
the video I think oh I got this scarf
it's a snug or snoot however you want to
pronounce it I have to get quite thin
ones because I'm quite small if I wear a
big one it's sort of swallows me up
inside it so I had to pick up like a
skinnier one and I just got this cream
one because I bought with noise and that
was only two pounds I also picked up
some gloves my chair is squeaking these
ones were three pounds they're just
plain gray mittens so you've got this
bit which can flip over the fingerless
gloves and I just thought they were
really cute and you kind of always need
basic gloves and then something a bit
more fun I've got some Fox ones what
does the Fox say I think most of you can
guess that I'm going to have this in my
haul and it is the super cozy tights I
get through these like air well not
quite but like things that I get through
a lot it's not because they're rubbish
quality I mean they don't last a massive
amount of time I always find after about
five or six bushes they start to go
quite bubbly so I always like to pick
some more up because they are only three
pound fifty and they are the coziest
nicest tights for winter because they're
super thick and they have a furry inside
to keep your legs warm also picked up
this skirt which is a burgundy velvet
skirt which i think is super nice for
winter and wearing with tights and boots
and maybe one of the jumpers that I
picked up so that was nice not to know
how much this was eight pounds for that
one I also picked this up but I'm not
too sure if I actually liked it or not I
just thought for like a Christmas like
evening or something
like a winter evening I don't really
know it just it was kind of Christmasy
to me or like wintery and it's this sort
of bodycon dress with three-quarter
length sleeves and it has gold glitter
on it with sort of snow flaky style
pattern and I saw it and I thought
really nice on the hanger and I was like
yeah I now could look quite nice of
tights and boots but actually fit like
touching it feels really like I don't
like the feel of it like I can't imagine
it would feel really comfy and lovely to
wear but I think it would be really nice
if you're going to a Christmasy party or
something I also picked up these I love
wedges a lot I also love wedges where it
covers your toe because I just think
they look really sophisticated and quite
classic and I really like the color of
these these are a nice burgundy red and
they have a slight point on the toe only
a little bit and I just thought they
would be really nice for winter as well
I don't know how much these were 12
pounds most of the shoes in Primark or
12 pounds also picked up an umbrella
because we've not really had too much
rain here at the moment but it's just
starting to get to that stage now where
it's drizzling most days and I don't
like to get drizzle on me who does I
like to have them oh this is my umbrella
last but not least I picked up this
dress which is a tartan collar dress
with a little black bow and I absolutely
love this I do think it kind of looks
like school uniform if your school
uniform looks like this let me know in
the comments
I actually jealous that some people
school uniform is as cute as this
because mine was rubbish I also picked
up a red and green tartan one which I
wore to the Hogwarts at Christmas event
which I am putting a video on my second
channel so you can see me wearing this
in that and it was the same price which
is 15 pounds so I'm glad I picked those
up and also tartan is very in at the
moment for Christmas time so get
yourself one of these while they've
still got them I think they're selling
out of these quite quickly they've
become quite popular
okay so I hope you've enjoyed that
that's everything that I picked up from
Primark give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and if you like my new
dressing-gown I certainly do
I'm going to give this video a thumbs up
myself I'm gonna go and take this off
now cuz I'm melting
so I will see you again very soon
goodbye that's just Tyler Oakley telling
my dad that he loves what he's done with
that door
to me
