I have a loudest goal in the world hello
everybody I have a kind of old-school
video for you today now I say old school
because I used to do these a lot and I
don't know if any of you are familiar
with this if you've been here a long
time then you might be but I used to
have a huge obsession with lush more
recently I haven't really been in there
because I'm much more a bath person in
winter and in the summer it's just kind
of wash and go basically so since it's
now winter myself a Louise went on a
little shopping trip to Milton Keynes
and whilst with always thought I'll just
have a little look in the shop but
obviously they had all their new winter
and Halloween and Christmas stuff in and
we got a bit excited and a bit carried
away um so for old times sake I just
thought I'd show you what I got from
lush flash isn't for you I'm sorry if
you don't mind whatever I show you then
great ok we'll take the receipt ours we
don't see that there was a lot of new
things but uh interested me shall we say
and also some of my old favorites that I
had to pick up first thing is a Snow
Fairy sparkle message massage message
bar now this is bright it's also going
to melt in my hand if I don't hurry up
and show you this because as you know
massage bars are particularly creamy and
it is melting everywhere it is a cute
little angel and it's bright pink and
yes you guessed it smelled like Snow
Fairy now I am NOT the biggest fan of
Snow Fairy scent it kind of gives me a
headache
I used to absolutely love it now I can't
really bear the smell of it but this
isn't too strong
I just really love massage bars from
lush if you're not too sure what massage
bar is it's a buy you used to massage
yourself or someone else
awkward territory and they're just full
of amazing qualities if you
skin they just feel really oily they
basically melt skin temperature and
they're really really good for hydrating
the skin so I really really like them
this actually leaves a bit of a pink
residue so I'm not sure how that will go
down if you want to use it as like just
like a body butter type job' but I
really like it I think it's really cute
ah so slimy the next thing in my lush
bag ah what is this
it has a stick oh yes it's my favorite
magic wand bubble bar huh nigga cute as
a bell even though that has no relevance
or helpfulness to a bar at all but you
basically switch this around in the
water and it creates bubbles and it's
reusable so you don't use all of this in
one go obviously and you swish it around
and it makes your Barthel pink and
beautiful it's just math sweet but it
doesn't smell as sweet as Snow Fairy
just smells delicious ah this is making
me want to have baths so I'm bad melting
snowman bath melt forgotten what this
one looks like but I I think that it's
oh it's one that's been out before oh
it's a mounted snowman quite literally
look at him he's all melted and gone and
I think his nose has come off this
smells like Christmas just if I had to
describe it smells like Christmas I
should private the bag on the floor is
this chocolate
I'm not going to taste it just in case
but it looks like chocolate and it's a
bath melt so unlike a bubble bar where
you can create bubbles this is probably
a lot more beneficial for the skin so it
will have really nice things in it never
used him before but he's cute and I
should imagine he'll give me a great
bath experience bombard Ino
bath ballistic have a lot I think maybe
this has been in there awhile I can't
describe what this smells like but again
it's like quite spicy and musky sure it
smells a bit gingerbready is this is
hair and this is his eyes I'm not really
too sure what's going on here but
I like the smell of it what is this
Christmas Eve bubble bar now this comes
out every year and I always go and get
it
it's the moon this year I have noticed
this is not as dark it used to be a
really really dark blue um but I just
love the smell of this it's really musky
it's just you will soon come to realize
I am the worst at describing smells I'm
just terrible but you'll have to go into
a lush shop if you can bear the smell of
a lush shop because I know that a lot of
people can't stomach this marvelous shop
because it's well smells all at once and
it's you know it's a lot to take in
but if you can get to a lush shop go and
give this a snap in fact give all of its
NIF just smells really nice and it
smells quite Christmassy as well you
believe in love luxury lush PUD
this is another Christmas bar for
lipstick Wow look at this it's not
occurred as the Christmas put it it
broke oh no oh no then we'll find out oh
no
this smells really gingery and spicy and
Christmassy and I really like the smell
of this I can also only imagine what
color this will make your bath water go
because it's multi-coloured right now so
I should imagine like a really cool
swirly multicolored explosion in your
bath which sounds so good loving that
next one is candy mountain bubble bar
now I think it would be fair to say I
did buy this because it looked amazing
da look at it look at it smells amazing
smells like candy cane bubble bar if you
know what that is this is one that you
crumble under the running water and it
makes bubbles and it smells delicious
and it's pink and cream and it has some
slight shimmer to it so I'm excited to
use that now you can see what I mean
when I said I went overboard rement it
went overboard kind of telling myself
that I've not been there for like half a
year so I just made up for lost time
mm-hmm starlight Starbright bath melt
this one
amazing or it's definitely a bathroom
out you just slipped out my hand
completely and it's silver and glittery
this smells amazing it smells really
citrusy or it just smells really fresh
and lovely oh my gosh there's so much
glitter
Wow I think it's just gone all in my
face if you don't like to get dirty
baths or you don't like bath bombs with
stuff in it that makes your bath dirty
or you'll have to clean your bath
afterwards I wouldn't advise that you
use this because it's a it's a messy one
now I don't really know what to do with
my hands
trousers there any pajama bottoms it's
all right snowman bar ballistic yeah I
don't know how this is a snowman I'm not
sure which parts are snowman related and
which part is the Snowman there's a very
questionable round thing just here which
I'm not sure what that is it looks like
the snowman's giving birth which is
slightly odd it smells like butterball
really sweet and vanilla and fish brush
so here's a cute little mr. or mrs.
since lip service you know giving birth
whatever that was okay this is my
all-time favorite and these only come
out at Christmas and I think it was last
year or the year before when these were
small and I was really disappointed
because I was like know why they made
them small I love them big it's so white
bath ballistic boring as plain white may
not interest you you could walk
completely past it and not even give it
a second glance but smell it it's apples
it's fresh apples and it is so
refreshing and so lovely and I think
this has got to be one of my favorite
bath bombs from lush unfortunately it
does only come out this time of year
which is really frustrating but
something tells me that I got two of
those yeah I did I got two of those
clearly knew I would be using that at
first shoot for the stars bath ballistic
I don't remember what it looks like Oh
surprise element of shopping all over
again smells so good and it has a
shooting star on it I really like the
colored ones because you know this is
going to turn your bath an amazing color
smells amazing hmm I'm excited to use
that one
what about him next up football bar
ballistic football oh this one this one
was an odd one it reminded me of a
discolored um Gobstopper from we Juan
Kerr a weird ashy move um it doesn't
look very exciting but I can see bits of
orange under there I think could quite
possibly be the color of the actual
bottle underneath the brown why I did
buy it was the smell I've just realized
oh it smells so good
don't be put off by this little weird
thing because it does smell great look
at my hands I literally look like I've
been climbing up a chimney let's use
Alfie sock to get mouth yeah it's a good
idea don't tell him Shh watch is this
one ah
dun dun dun
look how cute this is
oh no it's all scrubbed off I don't know
what it's called this not the coolest
thing you have ever seen
it's so heavy it's so cute it's so
pretty it's like a tiny little
gingerbread house oh no it's not it's a
Santa's grotto it says grotto above it
this does smell good this smells very
good I kind of just want to get loads
and just put them all around my bath so
that they look really cute oh this is
all crumbling in my hand this is this is
a good'n
Oh No my bedroom now looks like a lush
shop one last thing and this is the
Christmas penguin bubble bar this is
making me excited for Christmas and I
just point out oh this little dude I
remember him look how cute he's a
penguin a really deformed
strange-looking penguin but cute
nonetheless I don't know what noises
penguins make but at this point I would
probably try to do a penguin noise I
only got that this smells quite like the
olive branch so uh it's actually one of
my favorite scents from lush delicious
dee-licious if this was edible I would
completely bite his head off right now
but he's not so I'll crumble it off in
the bath instead sorry mister okay so
back it's my video of my little lush
haul I just slide you that as a little
bonus and because I am working on a
video at the moment which is taking a
little bit longer than I thought it was
going to so you've got this as a little
mid in-between the next video that's
taking ages video and for those of you
that used to watch my lush hauls I hope
that this has filled a void and for
those of you that never seen my lush
hauls before I hope that now you would
like to go to lush and and that you
enjoy many a lush bath and if you've
never been there before I highly suggest
it because it's my favorite place for
bath bombs thank you so much for
watching give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and if you still like to
see things like this this is quite like
an old school type video um and I will
see you very very soon um duck in with
the man in the mirror oh nice okay now
haha camisa fingers uh yeah don't use
your fingers
