hello everybody today I went to Facebook
to ask you guys what do you wanted me to
film because I don't really have a lot
of time before I have to head out the
door to go and visit Louise and baby
glitter as I haven't seen them in a
while and I just wants to film something
quick and I also wanted it to be beauty
related as I've done quite a lot of
collaborations and I know that a lot of
you love collaborations some of you
don't so if you prefer the beauty things
so I like to keep it very mixed because
you know I was just like to keep
everyone happy
a lot of the suggestions were what's in
your makeup bag what's in your autumn
winter staples what is in your travel
bag what do you love at the moment
updated what's in my handbag and a lot
of things like that and so I thought I
would combine all the ideas together and
do one video where I showed you my
autumn winter essentials be it skincare
beauty or fashion I also decided that I
wanted to mix up quite a lot of brands I
want there to be affordable and high-end
for those of you that prefer to go for
high-end option or for those of you that
prefer to go for the lower end option
I hope there's something in it for all
of you first up it's my favorite
lipstick although I wear red lipstick
pretty much all year round
I tend to go for slightly darker more
berry shades in the autumn or winter
you'll also notice I have my favorite
lipstick choice on the ends they're
orange perfect all seasons that's still
very autumnal and if in doubt perfect
for Halloween next is see garish
amazingly cozy jumpers that you could
just throw on and be a woman
next is blushes during the summer I tend
to wear more peach in coral shades but
when the colder months come along I feel
like pink can look a lot more flattering
like you've naturally got a chilly
outdoor glow although don't go too
overboard because it could look like
you've been on an extremely long and
sweaty run these are a selection of my
favorite pink shades I also think darker
berry Pink's can look awesome to flip
dresses
obviously since it's the part a season a
lot of the lip glosses are going to be
red and glitzy and amazing I've got a
selection of lip glosses and lip
lacquers that I have been loving at the
moment my favorite candles yes
candles candles are my favorites I
really like candles I think they set the
mood and they set the season so can
let's change with time and now is the
time to upgrade your candles to
something a little more autumn / winter
as well as having amazingly scented
candles I also think that fairy lights
can really set the mood so I've got some
fairy lights too and some flowers I feel
I may have gone slightly overboard with
the candles this year but I wanted to
test out a lot of different scents and
I've decided that I really like the
spicy sense and I'm not too keen on the
sweet ones so you won't see many of
those in my collection although I am
loving the caramel apple one you can see
at the back
is skincare because as you know it gets
colder and that really does take its
toll on your skin so it's important that
you use some hydrating products now this
is where things can get a little
complicated depending on your skin type
but I like to use a lot of face masks
hydrating creams and hydrating serums
just to make sure that my face is fully
hydrated as I do get very very dry skin
during the winter and also don't forget
to use bath time as Prime face masks
pampering sessions don't pretend you
don't do this but you will spend the
majority of your spare time in some cozy
winter joggers
you
you
next up is eyes what am i doing
gain I feel like this is a time to kind
of step out of my comfort zone although
these products are very neutral and I
like to stick to my neutral colors I've
also gone a lot more cranberry and
glitter is also a lot more acceptable at
this time of the year if nails or talons
I don't actually have any nail polish on
right now but I'm going to apply some
from the liner that you are about to see
now I'm sure you're all aware how much I
love my bright colors for spring and
summer
so going from that to autumn winter is
actually quite a difficult challenge for
me I like to go for really muted colors
beiges Browns and I've got a nice gold
on the end and I also really like to go
for dark reds and of course the glitters
everybody needs glittery nails at
Christmastime it's just a must if autumn
and winter is a time to go crazy on
garish cute and colorful socks then when
is the perfect time as you can see here
I have a delicious bruise on my leg I
just like to point out I did that by
falling over my suitcase before going to
digital but just give you a moment to
picture that in your head whilst you
look at my socks
laughs but not least keeping your lips
juicy and soft and kissable with some
lip balm because you know cold makes
them go dry and chapped and yucky you
know one mouth that's right Zoe no one
wants a yucky mouth which is why it's
super important to keep your lips
hydrated whether it be an expensive
product or something from the drugstore
okay so I hope this video helped you in
some way
or that it showed you how to upgrade
things in your wardrobe or you know gave
you a few dance moves tips or you know a
way of upgrading your makeup in your
makeup bag do give a thumbs up if you
enjoyed the video and pull the fact that
I are some random maple syrup here by my
bedside from Canada that really deserves
a thumbs up idly thank you so much for
watching
Lenny guys and what this tree my fav
this this is happening don't worry guys
we don't we're like the only thing wrong
with lying dark lipstick is that it goes
on your teeth some videos good isn't it
when the months get a bit colder I tend
to ensure you can do everything next to
me no one wants a monkey mouth click to
the left to see a video of me and grace
and click to the right to see digital
escribe do it
