hello everybody I am here today with
grace helbig dailygrace we asked on
Twitter what truths or dares you would
like us to do so we're gonna do our best
to do some for you yes have a look oh
boy do your best impression of a sloth
okay I don't like sloth animal okay but
this is my impression yep yep I hate it
Oh their heads are so disproportionate
to the size of their bodies even I hate
us if someone has off shoes would you
rather be trapped in an elevator with a
continuous fart smell or lick the bottom
of someone's shoe I would lick the
bottom of someone shoot me today yeah I
get really claustrophobic in elevators
and if you add a fart smell I just kill
myself no they didn't specify how long
we would be in the level that could be
forever I'd rather lick someone's shoe
that stood in horse poop dog poop cat
poo every time yeah poo all the poos is
for the ability to walk around freely in
the world and not smell like your
breath Ritchie great more if you woke up
as a male for the day what would you do
I mean obvious choices just touch my own
balls you know what I would do I would
try and do the helicopter passing a mini
duet together Cayman
it was break and look directly into the
camera lens and show a single tear okay
or just get naked and spring on a bullet
yes or a sledgehammer I can look someone
has asked if we can prank call another
youtuber so because we know that tanya
is staying in London as well we're gonna
try and ring her pretending to be her
hotel great let's do it all right hello
this is Tanya burr and then hello Tanya
this is Maxine from the Waldorf
oh hi hi I just wanted to tell you that
there's been a little organizational
error and your room is actually
double-booked so we're going to actually
have to separate you into another room
that we have with another client why
okay now eating and I have to punch ow
okay um amazing meeting and we're gonna
move you into a room with a lovely young
gentleman his name is Edward he he's
very very kind but we are just over
booked for a few hours and then by
tomorrow morning you should be able to
move back into your own room what so you
want me to move in with someone else
I'm sorry my computer would call I'm
sorry no no uh we're moving you only for
the night in with her Edward and then
tomorrow morning your room will be ready
he's very very nice he's very very kind
it he won't even be there for it's
usually in and out so oh I'm sorry
how can I call for hotel I Hockley I
don't you call the hotel Wayne you um we
tried to call your hotel room and it
didn't go through so we have your number
on count really yeah show exact word
Edward is our resident and because we've
overbooked it's all mistake we can put
you up for an extra night but we just
need you to stay with Edward for tonight
oh my god I don't get that why Wow he
said people stay with him before before
he said people stay with him before
we've had other residents stay with him
before I'm famous
I don't I don't I don't think I can stay
with this person called Edward Tanya
it's great topic stage within the song I
can stay with Edward this one's slightly
more deep we have the last time you
cried mine was just now oh I watch
Breaking Bad on the plane on the way
over and that got me good some of the
episodes I started watching season 1 and
I cried on the plane a little bit oh
just you wait T deceivin fine no I last
cried properly like tears streaming down
my face from laughter on the beach on
holiday I was just up playing in the
sand and I thought they were like rocks
and things yeah I didn't look down and
then I looked down and I was like that's
a really weird shake rock it was kind of
pointed yeah I was like it's a dog poo
playing with his dog face evidence band
and then I was like oh my god I think
I've been playing the dog poo so I sniff
my hand and I like Ivan Bing nice I'm
like laughing so much my eyes like
slamming but I couldn't wipe the tears
because I got a great vacation what a
lot of people have Pearlie asked us to
kiss grace but the Internet has asked we
probably should do it
someone has data to try and both fit
into a onesie we have a onesie why you
sniffing it felt like ketchup
Oh
this is as far as I'm going to get into
this weekend image okay how do we get
out of the souk hey see thank you so
much for being on my channel gray thank
you for having me I learned a lot about
myself and about you you just think I'm
wit no no I love you more than I make
sure you head on over to great this
channel too because we also filmed a
video where we gave you some girl advice
yes because we are girls last time we
checked make sure you subscribe to her
and like the video if you enjoyed it
and yes we love you bye good bye Mia
beer beer beer yeah oops
I don't know I'm trying a new thing me
Tyler and Troy me in a pretend hug
that's made out of card I'm gonna sneeze
su there's one of the pool sunset lovely
that's me stroking a cat great photo
