oh you can I am Akana
I look like a pea head look how much
repeat head our goal today hello
everybody so it is the end of September
/ the start of October and this year is
going very very quickly it's kind of
scary and I wanted to share with you
some of my beauty favorites because I do
have quite a lot this month as I went on
holiday and I took lots of new things
with me and have come back loving them
so I thought I would share those with
you as well I'd also like to say how was
your September tell me in the comments
how your September was mine was great
thank you for asking first thing I have
been loving is this spray now this
company I heard through many beauty
bloggers who were raving about this
brand and it's spelt or Reeb ori b e
that's how i've been pronouncing it but
apparently you pronounce it all bae so
or read all they you can get this in
spacing k you can also get this online
um it is pricey but i saw it there one
day when i was buying a present for
somebody and I was like ah looks so good
so I bought it and it was the dry
texturizing spray because anything that
says texturising when you have really
long hair it's always bonus because long
hair weighs down and it becomes very
flat so anything that says texturizing
is always a winner so I picked it up
thinking it's expensive but I'm going to
give it a try it's a massive bottle
there's a lot in that it's going to take
me a while to use up anyway
I took this on holiday with me and I
absolutely love it it's essentially a
dry shampoo a very expensive more
advanced dry shampoo I would pick this
own batiste any day but that is because
it has qualities in it that Barty's
doesn't have firstly it's invisible
which is a massive bonus because
everyone hates having to try and like
disperse the gray or white in their hair
when they've done batiste so it's
invisible and secondly it does add a
huge amount of texture and it volumizes
your hair and because I loved it so much
I went back and I bought the app pray
beach wave and shine
Spray for when my hair is messy or when
it's wet you can spray this in and leave
it and it just gives it that sort of
messy spray over a little bit in now
just because I feel like my ponytails a
little lackluster today also I would
just like to add but it smells
incredible there we go
I've actually gone as far as to buy a
mini bottle of this for traveling
because you know taking us around on
your handbags not very practical because
I love it that much so if like me have
long hair we have short hair and you
just want a bit more texture um and you
want a bit more from a dry shampoo
definitely get this a new blog post on
it so I'll leave a link below and it's
got pictures and everything so check
that out if you like that the next thing
I also took on holiday with me and it
was my girl lane bronzer which is in
terracotta o3 and it's just a bronzer
smells like old school makeup I don't
know how to explain that I don't mean
like old ladyish but it smells a bit old
ladyish I can't explain it I'm wearing
it today I've been wearing it the whole
holiday I pretty much every day just
wore bronzer
no foundation no concealer maybe a dab
of concealer on my eyes I do always have
black circles under them to be fair so
this leader isn't essential I sometimes
forget everything going on and just
bronzer and I'm just going through and
OH
making that noise and I just really
really like it Gawain is not I'm how
heaven saying that right girl a good
luck good luck good laughs I know that
it's a French pronunciation I'm really
bad at French pronunciation so I'm just
gonna say pronunciation one more diaper
Golan Golan Golan go like go girl hum
this girl and bronzer is a must if you
are after a bronzer because I love it
the next thing that I also use on
holiday was the rockateur blusher slash
bronzer from benefit now I say slash
bronzer because the color is quite a
dark pinky I don't really know how to
explain it
I just paired this with my bronzer I
just thought it looked beautiful I
really liked the color of this it's
nothing like coral Easter which is my
other benefit favorite but I do really
like the shade of this I think it's
really pretty
rockateur it's time to rock for a rush
of heat sweep this provocative powder on
cheeks
it's a show-stopping flush not sure I
like the word flush anyone for a custard
cream also whilst I was away I took my
Urban Decay Naked basics palette which
I've not really used much of because I
forgot that I had it um it has a lot of
matte shades in fact they're all matte
shades no one of them's shimmery okay
it's just really good for very very
basic eye looks and I also took this
because the powder faint it's also very
good for eyebrows so for me this was
like a multi-purpose product and I
really liked it they're really reap IgG
mented so easy to apply really easy to
blend and if you don't want to fork out
for the naked palettes the big proper
ones I actually don't own any of the
naked palettes that's really weird but I
do like the Naked basics palette because
um I don't own a lot of matte shades and
this has a lot of much it so I've really
enjoyed using that especially that one
for my eyebrows once I got back of
holiday there were a few things that I
used constantly obviously you want to
keep your tan so I moisturize my skin to
death
and to do that I used the infamous so
gory body creams
I love these I've put these in so many
of my favorites but I don't think I'll
ever stop raving about them um I love
this one sugar crush this is a nice
sweet smell and I also like smoothie
star these are my two favorite scents
this one is nice for daytime so when you
wake up it's very refreshing and it
smells like sweet lime and it's just
gorgeous and this one I like to use at
night because it's much more of a
nighttime smell it's Astacio almond and
sweet vanilla and that one's really nice
for the evening but you know you can
wear them at any time of the day and it
doesn't really
I also like their a lightly whipped body
cream because there are lots thicker
than a body moisturizer with you know a
pump and they're also a little bit
thinner than say a body butter so there
are nice in between and that's why I
think I like them so much because the
consistency is really easy to work into
the skin when I got back from holiday I
had noticed my skin had gone a few
shades darker than it had been prior to
a week in the Sun and as it does and it
hadn't occurred to me that my foundation
would no longer match my skin once I was
back here so I had to make a dash out to
boots to find something cheap because
obviously I'm not going to be using it
for a long time and something that I've
not tried before because I was feeling
very adventurous I did ask on Twitter
which one you guys could recommend wrong
boots and a lot of you said the Rimmel
match perfection it has SPF 18 not that
it really matters now because there's
not a lot of Sun left and it is like
perfecting radiance foundation I'm all
about radiance foundations you guys know
this I absolutely love the Rimmel wake
me up foundation and that is full
radiance always makes me look more awake
than I actually am and it makes my skin
look like it's not dull it's medium
coverage it's definitely not full and it
could be light depending on how much you
want to apply to the face it still looks
like you have skin and it's not doesn't
cover up like freckles like if you
wanted something heavy duty you wouldn't
like this if you like something light um
that stays put really really well and
makes your skin look radiant but without
being too radiant and without being too
jewy this is really really nice it's not
as cheery and radiant as the wake me up
foundation but it's definitely one step
down which I think in some instances
could actually be even nicer because
there were a few instances with the
Rimmel wake me up foundation would catch
myself in like a mirror in the sunlight
and I would be glowing like Edward
Cullen and I think wow this is very
radiant just letting you know I love it
crunchy rocks these have been around for
a while and I've kept my addiction to
these quite secret over the past few
months but now it is becoming not a
secret because I'm buying them every
time I go to the supermarket not just
one bag at least two bags every time one
bag will be
seemed on the way back from supermarket
the other bag would probably be consumed
later on that night and that is bad if
you know what Cadbury's crunchies are
these are essentially a better more
chocolaty version of those in bite-size
pieces so the tiny little bits of
honeycomb and then lots of Cadbury's
chocolate surrounding it in like a
little bite-sized piece of heaven and
even talking about them it's making my
mouth water I've already eaten a bag of
these today not gonna lie I'm going to
put these down why not that very random
favorite is disposable cameras now a
long long time ago before digital
cameras were invented there were cameras
with films that you had to get developed
and a disposable camera is one with a
film that's attached that you hand in
the camera once you finish with it gets
thrown away but they um process and
print the film and then you get a pack
of photographs back now I absolutely
love photography
I love taking photographs I've got I've
got about five or hard drives external
hard drives just full of photos but the
only depressing thing is that I never
look at them there's no like hard copy
of them and if my hard drive was to
break that would be it and I need to
start printing out like my favorite
pictures and making like photo albums
and putting them in frames I just don't
ever get the chance to do it and I had a
disposable camera for some of my time in
LA and also some of my holiday that I
had in Greece and it's really made me
realize that I need to start printing
out my photos or using more disposable
cameras because it's so fun like you
don't know what any of the pictures are
going to turn out like they can cost
anywhere between like a pound and ten
pounds I mean they can even sell them in
the pound shop there's you can get them
from anywhere I had some done I think
I've got I've got some hear me
Tyler and Troy me in a pretend hug
that's made out of card I'm gonna sneeze
a shoe there's one of the pool sunset Oh
lovely
that's me stroking a cat great photo
Elte drinking a beer
me holding a beer pretending to be cool
even though I don't drink beer a cat the
breeze that have loved it there there's
just cats around every corner and this
cute one of the in Tyler which is one of
my favorites because I think it captures
our friendship because we miss Tyler
okay so that is everything for my
September favorites I can't wait until
it's the end of October because there's
Halloween and this autumn and then and
then there's Christmas yes I said it I
said the c-word I said Christmas ah I
love you all and I will see you very
very soon I'm off now thank you so much
for watching fine
bye in your tip oh and give the video a
thumbs up and subscribe to my channel as
well expand yours oh get out some
clothes on all right well best take care
bye cya bye good job okay so that only
means one thing ready money I really
know babies oh they don't my feet never
smell that's a
