hi everybody hello everybody I am here
today with Marcus Butler Here I am for
today what are we going to do we are
going to do some truths know some beds
naughty we asked you on Twitter and
Facebook to give us some truths and some
dance so we picked some that we liked
and that you guys liked hopefully we're
like yes let's do there do it if you
could bring one person to a deserted
island who would it be
youtuber only now I don't know Lu I
choose pity we could both take half of
Louie
I even think if you have one half of
gooey I'll have the other half of Louie
I think half a food function better on
deserted island more than the whole my
finger lesson I think even if I just had
like maybe one of his braids that would
probably be but Abena grab the closest
object to you and lick it
I just lick the hahaha to be fair that's
not the thing that clings to me I would
say Marcus's bottle of water
no please do oh wait oh wait my remote
yeah that is actually probably the
closest thing do I go up the buttons of
uh off the bat and then down from mmm
in those bottoms mmm kind of sweet like
hairspray Oh glorious thanks to
elasticity that we're now gonna get ill
ill I dare you to prank call another
youtuber pretending to be an obsessive
fan oh so I'm sure out of here of my
friends will actually answer a blocked
number because I would never got numbers
should I try gym hello
subscriber I love you so much I love you
Tom so Monica I don't believe describe
all of the people in the YouTube crew in
one word I think this has to be the
first word that pops in your head okay
so this is gonna be like we'll try and
go through everyone we know I'm when
bouncing someone else
yeah don't get offended you leave you
out hey Alfie happy yeah I'll just a
cheery my brother Joe that's Joe funny
yeah funny Lois crazy gentle King James
reminds me like a gentle giant Louise
comforting in times of need I'm going to
say excitable or cheery same some
interface or bracket Jack a hyper cheeky
Finn well-spoken a twin yeah Tanya sweet
the sweetest person I know yeah she's so
sweet nothing when I G's for Tanya or
like very innocent I think she's so
innocent
Jim the opposite of innocent full of
innuendos capper sir someone has dared
us just suck a lemon you ready go are
lemons you gotta let it go
so our don't forget tulips I'm gon tell
you what it's not okay that's enough oh
I dare you both to switch hello
okay um you'll be alright cuz I've got
quite a backing top on today more like
you'll be alright because you're smaller
than me so you'll fit into anything that
I have it will be interesting I think
this is just the size that you wanted I
think there's been a crowd like this
v-neck hello hmm switch back okay what
is one talent you wish you possessed to
be a really amazing dancer really I got
quite a good dancer Ruby yeah thought
you pop in yeah all that well I wish I
did play a musical instrument because I
don't play any musical instrument you
should learn I know ever you wanna play
the piano
do you play any I play the piano and the
guitar on you baby really well
ish I've made a piano better than the
guitar oh you have to teach me I want to
learn yeah not too late to learn an
instrument
no dad create a club in your room and
dance let's do that let's do it
Oh
a little bit anyway
I date put lipstick on Marx's lips but
you're not allowed to use your hands
wink face okay so that only means one
thing ready
loving the money I really know babies
they don't my feet never smell as a
okay really
change challenge succeeded yeah flap it
that's all the truths and death but if
you want to say let's do some more so we
do some more in the future with whoever
then make sure to point some down below
we also filmed a video Iran Marx's
channel which you can view here all
there'll be a link in the description
box few mobile viewers um where we did
some dares just down there because we're
very rebellious come on daring mmm
thanks Lloyd thanks so much for watching
goodbye nicely way away no I've decided
why not
everyone goes like that so I'm gonna do
it bye guys bye bye babe finished that
is the video or you keep speaking cuz
we'll put it on the video pair of
scissors
do you miss Virgie took that one India I
feel on I can feel where your sweaty
armpits were often feel your sweaty oh
hello
hey yeah when you're just hello
