hello everyone I'm just gonna get
straight into it because I have feeling
this could be a very long video
basically it's getting to that time of
year again where the Sun has disappeared
and in its place all the leaves are
brown all the leaves are brown and it's
autumn or fall as you may call it now I
personally love autumn fashion because I
like being able to layer things and I'm
also a very cold person so being able to
choke on loads of layers and scarves and
hats is like my ideal situation so I was
like rummaging through my drawers and it
occurred to me that quite a lot of my
fashion items and clothes so you might
call them um were very summery and
springy so I didn't really have a lot of
winter or autumn clothing and I decided
that this meant I had to go shopping and
buy some things for my autumn winter
wardrobe so I thought I would share
these with you and give you a bit of
inspiration or some tips or if you're
nosy like me and you just want to see
what people buy then I hope you enjoy
this I also just want to quickly say
that I would demonstrate these items on
but I actually want to do an autumn /
winter lookbook where I will be
including quite a lot of these so once I
found someone to help me and Joe Alfie
always then that will be going up to so
you can look forward to that and let me
know in the description any of these
items that you definitely definitely
want to see in a lookbook first place I
went was Urban Outfitters look this is
this bag to sleep like Christmas to me
you know green and candy King first
thing I picked up was this scarf
everyone needs a check of scarf I feel
this goes with everything
and it's really soft and I just really
like it and I think that's you know a
good reason to buy something also picked
up this um penny for style dress I guess
that's what you could call it I wouldn't
really know what else to call it which I
saw on a mannequin and they had put a
jumper underneath so the sort of thing
I'm wearing now but with this cute
little dress on top and it's just very
swishy and cute and I just thought that
would look quite nice with jumpers
or shirts with little colors and again
it's something that you can layer up
because you know if it's really super
cold you could have a shirt with the
collar a jumper this a coat and a scarf
and you're good to go for winter okay a
place where I wasn't so restrained was
Topshop because I'd not been in touch up
in a while are the last ones in there I
think it was their summer things and so
it happened to be that there were a few
things in there that I thought would
look great for autumn and winter firstly
I'll get the like slightly more boring
things out the way even though I don't
think they're boring personally socks
three to eight pounds I've got these
baby blue ones with the cute little
ruffles and I've got these black ones
with big ruffles
I like these socks because I think they
look great with ankle boots or brogues
and a lot of other autumn winter shoes
because they just add a little bit of
you know
girliness to a boot or a brogue which
can be quite difficult sometimes because
you know they're not the most elegant of
shoe and it was three four eight pounds
and you may realize I just showed two
pairs of socks the other pair I bought
with these I don't know when I'm gonna
wear these but they have guinea pigs on
them and I could just leave them there
the other thing I've decided to do this
autumn is to branch out of my disco
pants wearing comfort zone so I've
decided that I'm going to be a bit more
brave with trousers the first pair I
bought were from Topshop and they're
these and they zip at the side and
they've got pockets here and they're
just quite stretchy at the bottom
there's a little split here and I tried
them on and I just thought they look
really nice but they could also be used
to dress up and also casual and with
boots I just think they look really cool
and they're high-waisted as well I also
picked up this white t-shirt which is
baggy and loose and it's quite wide the
sleeves are short and it's cropped but I
think this sort of thing would be nice
with the trousers that I just showed
because it's quite loose and floaty and
again layering good for layering the
other thing I picked up was this dress
which has this at the top which is like
a little t-shirt it does look like it's
not really connected so you can kind of
put your fingers up
and it's a really pretty pattern it's
sort of like a dark burgundy red and
cream and then on the bottom it's like a
leopard print with the same colors and
it's just very floaty and I just thought
something like this with a nice necklace
and tights and boots would look really
cute this next thing was kind of my
naughty purchase um of the month I think
but I always find it really difficult to
find a coat that I absolutely love every
year I like to go for a parka because I
feel like they suit me they can be worn
with everything and they keep me a
warmest especially if they're fur-lined
I know that a lot of people saw me
wearing my old pocket which were
actually half of three years so it was
time for me to get a new one and I
spotted this one in Topshop and I
instantly fell in love oh my goodness
look how fluffy it's like all completely
lined and you can also take this off so
if you wanted to just wear it without
the lining for the time being before it
gets too cold then you could just take
all this out but this is like so super
fluffy I posted a picture of this on
Twitter and I was like oh do I get it do
I not get it and you all told me to get
it so technically I'm blaming you for
this I'm filthy Virgo just feel like a
little Eskimo it's already very hot in
my room I'm not going to melt I need to
take this off but you get the general
idea next I went on to Zara I also just
want to point out this is stuff I bought
over like the last month not just all in
one go I picked up these really cute
little jumpers they're quite thin so
again really nice for layering and I
just liked the color of this one and
they've got tiny little mother-of-pearl
buttons on the back so I got that one in
that color and I also pick the same one
up in gray I also picked up this huge
chunky knit cardigan this is going to
keep me so super warm especially on days
where it's not raining but you know it's
really chilly and it looks like this and
I really like the back it has it's hard
to show you without putting on but don't
worry I will show at some point I'm sure
aware but it has that
the back and it's just really loose and
drapey and you can do it up it's got one
of these like scary like to slug buttons
but I don't think I'll ever wear it done
up I think I just wear it I'm done
loose them free and the sleeves are 3/4
length so I really like that this is
slightly more extravagant purchase that
I would never normally contemplate
picking up let alone trying on and it is
these floral trousers that are turned up
at the end I have to admit they were the
one thing I was like these are not gonna
look great on me like I can't pull off
floral trousers I'm not that cool um but
they actually looked really really nice
and they fit really well if you want to
pick up something like this or at least
give them a try then I would totally
recommend ours hit myself in the head
with the tag the next place that I
ventured into was Miss Selfridge which I
don't tend to go in normally I was
walking past and they had loads of
really nice things but I could just see
inside the shop and so I went in and
picked up a few things the first thing
is apparent leggins but don't be fooled
they're not normal leggings I don't know
if you're gonna be able to see this but
they have like leaves in tiny little
black sequiny
beads down each side of the leg I
thought they'd be realized alternative
to just plain black leggings in an
evening out or just to add a bit more
glam to an outfit and the beads smell
like that really nice plasticky smell
like jelly shoes just throwing that out
there I also picked up this necklace
because I feel like I don't wear enough
necklaces and I really liked this one I
also picked up these midi rings normally
I can't wear midi rings because I've got
the smallest things in the world but
these ones were in school and one of
them is silver and one of them is a rose
gold algorithm is a gold and I just
thought they were really really cute the
next thing I picked up is this grey
dress with a wrap around the middle and
I think this is MIDI length so not quite
down to the floor just past the knee and
it's a really nice fit but I also just
think things like this look quite cool
with like converse I don't know just
because the sun's gone
that mean you can't wear dresses there's
always a way to try and wear it this
next thing I absolutely love because I
love vintage style jumpers obviously
this one's not vintage but it looks
pretty retro and it is this jumper from
Miss Selfridge three-quarter length
sleeves quite cropped but I'm thinking
you could wear it with something
high-waisted and it would look quite
nice and it's nice and thick and I just
really love the colors a thick top with
a tiny little collar Oh dear me
something when the collar has slipped
into this Hall what a surprise and it's
a really nice dark green and it has gold
on it and black on it and I just think
this is really cute
again stepping out the comfort zone of
black leggings and disco pants
I have opted for some high-waisted dark
green and black tiny tiny little leopard
print
pegleg trousers that are again
high-waisted and you can turn them up at
the bottom after that I popped in to
Primark and I picked up the infamous
super cozy tights these tights are a
must for autumn and winter there are
only three pound fifty and they are the
best tights ever
they have like a fleecy lining in them
so if you are a bit like me and you're
prone to getting very cold when it's
cold definitely look into getting
something like this and whether it's
from Primark or you want to pay a bit
more for some that might last a bit
longer is completely your choice but
everyone needs fleecy lining in their
tights and when they're ready three
pound fifty from Primark you have no
excuse also picked up this jumper which
I really like slightly knitted
three-quarter length and it has this
sort of like reverse pattern on the
shoulders and the sleeves and down the
sides and it's just a bit like sort of
oversized and I really like this the
last place I visited was H&M or H&M I
don't know I always get told off with
the way I say it because I always say it
wrong but I've said it both ways so
don't shoot me
I love H&M for jewelry because they do
extra small rings so again if you've got
teeny tiny fingers or you have trouble
trying to find ones that fit you
properly try here because they do extra
small I've got these which are just like
playing bands there's a rose gold one
and that black one which I thought was
really cool my Twitter or 2dn a gold one
and a big silver one and they get
slightly wider as they go down next
thing I picked up was this pack of stud
earrings if you know me you will know I
am NOT very venturous with earrings
there is a little set of gold giraffes a
little set of silver pyramids some
silver fox heads or cougar heads I'm not
too sure what they are some tiny little
rose gold rabbits which I think are
adorable some cute little rose hair
grips um I don't know how I'm gonna wear
these maybe when my hairs in a bun or I
don't know if you know how to wear cute
Clips I've not really ventured into
wearing anything other than a bobby pin
in my hair but I think these are quite
cute kind of summery I have to admit but
roses aren't just for the summer
are they I also picked up this skirt
because I thought it was really cute
it's a skater style skirt and it has
tiny little cats on some with no eyes
some with eyes and whiskers and a little
cute I like it
just slightly more boring but everyone
needs basic t-shirts to wear underneath
their jumpers and to layer up and I
always like the ones from H&M because
they're just really nice and soft and
really nice and fitted so I've got a
black one it has a rounded neck I'm not
massively keen on v-necks unless I'm
wearing the t-shirt with nothing else um
that sounds weird a lot of the things I
own are 3/4 length so I often prefer to
go for something short-sleeved so that
if the sleeve stops here it's still okay
that makes any sense
so about black one and I've got two
white ones because I always think white
gets a bit more dirty so got two of
those and last but not least I've got a
fox bubble hat
bubble hat bobble hat what noise is do
folks make all they make like horrific
screaming noises don't they like
so that is everything I picked up in my
autumn/winter Hall do let me know if
there is anything you're desperate to
see in a lookbook and I will try and
make sure I include it for so let me
know your staples for autumn winter is
anything I've missed out and give this
video a big thumbs up if you like hauls
and you like autumn and winter Shh up
top
thanks for watching everybody and I will
see you again very soon bye
hot getting hot in here so take off all
your clothes and get in so hot and I'm
gonna take my thumb's oh haha yeah oh
sorry who need the lid ah is the shade I
just fell out faster than a hoot it's
actually much it Oh
