at least try and look like one ephemeral
video with me hello everybody I am here
today with my bro Seth which is brother
and Joseph because his name is Joe sir
you're so clever I know how are you I'm
a genius so Jay came up with this idea
that I thought was very smart and very
clever and it is basically a challenge
video where we are getting each other
ready but using our hands behind like
this if you're wondering what my voice
is really deep today I've just turned 22
I've just turned to a man I'm not about
you
19:22 everything's gonna be alright
we're gonna eat soon on my channel I am
allowing Joe to get me ready for a night
out using his hands I have no control
over what he's going to do and I have to
put my hands behind my back but you
ready I am so ready let's do this okay
your left is that the whole video
realize okay I can't do anything with it
okay maybe you should do my headphones
get my hair out of the way oh and that's
how I practice my hair everyone right
now I'm gonna put my hair in a ponytail
so I'm gonna grab a hair band just down
here
that's it yeah what a minute I've got a
few there for your selection Joey yeah
this is not how you do it it is I feel
very claustrophobic right now and you're
about to find out why okay
oh my goodness no Joe and look at me I
can't look at you oh that's a new
hairstyle that's cool
you've done no I'm just noticed
something what is it toothpaste she's
pleased to the bone now leaning down
boys you think
let's do faith right actually I'd like a
drink first
because you always always put my
toothbrush in the blusher yeah
Joe that's not what you're supposed to
do come on I want some more
you're more you know you're more my
prince was your mouth I'm small I'm
small say well you know we do you want
more drink you tiny little bit loads
ready three two one we don't want any
cavities alright you can't see this risk
you do not want to fit in Oh Philip
so I get my foundation a little bit on
the back of my hand my hand will you
hand my hands oh man
yeah I've done this makeup thing so many
times I'm actually getting quite good at
our brush I've corrected and then onto
my face let me take you to it yes very
good yeah I like that
hey great brush strokes thank you okay
now I need a bit of blusher so I'm gonna
grab my blusher smile smile
the camera you're gonna go to the prom
okay so the next thing I'm gonna be
doing is filling in my eyebrows there's
gonna grab my eyebrow pencil just don't
miss me yeah yeah I'm just gonna okay
you're very nice other side
okay chimes oh okay winged liner guy
shut my eyes yeah I'm gonna shut my eyes
my feet are out first yeah so you're
right
yes
oh yeah I like a little flick at the end
that was really great Oh perfect
okay a mascara mascara oh my goodness
okay maybe this wasn't such a great idea
okay Joyce no I think it's better if I
leave it at all no it's cheating
okay you don't know Josh you're I know
nope no that's must be I must be the I
surely but now that my makeup look is
complete for my night out all I need now
is some lipstick and this one is top
shops let me just see the bottom there
that's the top shalini have all about me
so we'll just go for this one yeah it's
actually much it oh okay I think my
makeups officially done I've done my
hair sort of in this or loose messy I
don't know what this is but you know I
just like wanted to go for a bit of a
casual look I'm after my face quite cash
and and most of all I've got the minty
fat fry a minty fresh I've got a minty
fresh tea
everyone needs to be minty fresh when
they go on a night out so I go around my
mouth so that my cheeks smell extra
minty so yes okay right let my brother
see the masterpiece he's crate so take
your arms out that's actually quite good
that could catch on oh definitely not
ever get you oh my
I've got toothpaste in my freshly washed
hair I've only got lipstick on one side
of my lips sorry if you saw a zombie on
a night out looking like that what would
you say I think maybe
Halloween is not until the end of
October okay so I hope you've enjoyed
this video it's just something that
we've never seen done before Joe came up
with the idea it's actually a lot more
difficult to do than we thought it was
gonna be yeah so I challenge you to give
this a go he also filmed a video
everyone Joe is channel where I was his
hands and we did a male game ready for a
date night yes which involves many scary
equipment shows razor blades and shaving
foam and aftershave click his face now
or they'll be a link in the description
box or they'll also be a link at the end
of this video so do make sure you go
over and check that out because it will
be hilarious don't miss it as it could
don't miss it don't miss it and also if
you enjoyed this video do give it a
thumbs up whether it's your thumbs or
someone else's that would be great grand
back I borrow your thumb quickly we will
see you again very soon bye finish up
obviously with a lovely spray of
aftershave don't shake a banner the one
no strain will be no even joke kid
that's gonna strip him I can't foresee
in again
