hello everyone look I'm intellectual
because I have thick glasses on I just
thought it kind of implied back to
school we don't need these so it is that
time of the year again where a lot of
you go back to school or you start
school or you go from school to college
or you go from college to university and
it's a bit of a scary time so I decided
to do this video today to answer some of
your questions beauty and life related
and I just hope that this benefit some
of you in some way first question is do
you have any tips on getting up in the
morning and feeling as awake as possible
I always struggled with this because I
was one of these people that watched the
snooze alarm a million times and I just
never wanted to get up but I think the
first thing you have to do is set
yourself a realistic alarm if you keep
setting yourself lots of different
alarms you're going to train yourself to
turn them all off and that is not what
you want you want to hear one arm and
think I've got to get up so one
realistic alarm have a shower seems
simple but it's the best way to wake you
up even if you have to drag yourself out
of bed and into the shower like a zombie
I promise you it will work have a
healthy energized breakfast now I was
the worst for this because I just used
to wake up and have chocolate and I
still do sometimes but chocolate is not
a healthy breakfast and it will give you
a boost of energy but then make you feel
really sluggish and tired and it doesn't
work have something like porridge musi
some nice Siri I don't know Frosty's
whatever you like toast
banana something with a lot of energy
that's going to at least last you until
your first break and lastly this was
never a problem for me because it wasn't
really around when I was in school but
don't stay up all night watching YouTube
videos if you're watching this and
you're supposed to be asleep because
you've got school tomorrow watch till
the end and then click off but promise
me that once you've watched this video
you will go to sleep the next question
is what are your schoolbag essentials I
did go out and buy a few of the little
bits and pieces that I used to carry
around with me in my rucksack or you
could have a satchel I don't really know
what the fashion is these days but when
I was in school
I had a little backpack I think if I was
in school now I would probably have
something like this which is a little
satchel this one's actually from a sauce
but you can get them from everywhere
first thing in my bag is hairspray
impulsive body spray I used to carry
these around in my school bag all the
time if you feel like it's got to the
end of the day need to spritz I just use
Coach H that's really nice oh I
recommend that one secret smile
raspberry and gardenia alternatively if
you prefer to smell a little more strong
or you don't like to use body sprays you
can always do what I used to do as well
I would always take my mum's perfume
samples or go into Boots and ask for
perfume samples and then you can just
keep these in your bag or in the bottom
of your makeup bag and they're really
good for just on-the-go spritzing no
many small nice the next thing I have in
my school bag is hand sanitizer this is
a soap & Glory wine it smells amazing we
were always told in our school never put
your hands on the balusters and it's
true because I walk down the set of
stairs and I put my hand down the
banister
straight into someone's spit and it's
times like that I wish I'd had this the
next thing I have which is basically
just for winter and for people like
myself you get really dry skin is to
have a hand cream this is Garnier
intensive seven-day hand cream really
cheap if you are not allowed this in
your school do not put this in your
handbag have mint instead but I always
used to have chewing gum chewing gum was
banned in my school but we would always
quickly throw one in our 3d and get rid
of in a bin and you know minty fresh
breath it's always good little brush
this is like a tiny little Tresemme one
I found in super drug and I thought it
was so cute it's like a paddle brush but
mini sized and this is really really
good this now lives in my handbag last
thing in my bag is my makeup bag now not
everyone will want to take a makeup bag
to school but it depends what you want
to put in it
girly things and if you're a girl you
know what I mean and if you're a boy
then you are probably very confused
things like tissues and stuff at that
just one space to keep a lot of
different things a little pack of
Kleenex tissues with some Russian dolls
on they look really cute wet wipes you
never know when you're going to need a
wet wipe like the time I put my hand in
spit some patties
it's dry shampoo it is perfect for if
you've just had PE and you have a bit
sweaty or sticky spray this in it's also
really good if like me get a bit lazy
with your hair um and you just need an
instant refresh a powder so after PE you
could work a little bit of that on a lip
gloss I would always have a lip gloss on
me concealer if I was having a spotty
day and a lip balm if you like sport or
it's summer deodorant mini deodorant you
can opt for roll-on or spray whichever
you prefer hair bands or bubbles and
bobby pins or hair grips but kit into
yourself because there was always that
girl in school that would be like have
you got hair band that you'd give it to
her and she would never get it back and
then obviously the normal things like
your schoolbooks your planner a bottle
of water I always think is essential or
a drink because you want to keep
hydrated next question is what was
anxiety like for you in school and what
are the different ways I can deal with
it anxiety for me in school wasn't such
a massive issue it was more out of
school I had anxiety because school was
my distraction
I always just think you have to
concentrate on tasks like the second you
at any little bit of anxiety come in it
will try and take over but if you sort
of Bath it away I think no actually I
want to learn this today or no I'm going
to really concentrate on what my
teachers saying to me right now because
I don't want you distracting me always
remember that although it's school and
your school might be really strict
teachers have your best interest as much
as they have to teach you things and
make sure that you grow into a star
pupil they also care about your welfare
and your health so if you are feeling
anxious or you want to step outside then
you are allowed to do that you have
every right to ask to leave if you would
like to leave to get a glass of water if
you want a glass of water don't ever
feel like you can't ask for a breath of
fresh air or that you're stuck or
trapped in school you are not stuck or
trapped you're there to have fun and
learn you're definitely not there for
them to keep you hostage and not let you
have a breather if you need one next
question is how can I deal with the
after pee sweaty look I would come up
pee with black under my eyes because
every
and shift itself and also shiny so your
best friend is going to be a powder and
a brush and just powder over and also
just to take a tissue or a wet wipe and
just go under the eyes and get rid of
anything that may have smudged next
question is how can I deal with bullies
or people that I don't get on with first
thing I would say is to try really hard
to rise above any intimidation that
anyone could give you it's so difficult
but the minute you show any sign of
weakness they will continue to pick at
you so you just have to show that you're
not bothered they're wasting their time
as hard as that may seem I think it's
the best approach to take just remember
that bullies and nasty people tend to
actually be the people with the biggest
problems and it's no excuse whatsoever
but just remember that something deeper
could be going on with them in their
lives and maybe even just offer a
shoulder to cry on if that's all they
want but can't ask for also do talk to
someone if it gets too bad I know that
there's a difference between nasty
people people you don't get on with and
bullying if it's bullying you need to
speak to somebody don't ever just sit
there in silence don't ever go to school
thinking I do not want to be here school
is what you make of it and nothing will
change unless you change something about
the way that you're living your school
life and if that tends to be somebody
that's bullying you then you need to
stop that and the only way that you can
stop that is to talk to somebody whether
it's your parent a friend or a teacher
what are some quick and easy hairstyles
I can do for school or preferably the
night before school I've actually done a
video where I show you some very quick
and easy hairstyles which would be
perfect for you if you are looking for
some simple tutorials for quick things
to do in the morning for school but also
some other things I did the night before
were that I would wash my hair and leave
it wet or damp and plot it you could do
multiple plots or two plots or one
French braid down the back although I
could never do that myself so I had to
ask my mum to do it it just means
there's no heat involved no massive
effort and all you do in the morning is
take your hair out of the bunches and
just mess up a bit sea salt spray is
also perfect because with sea salt spray
you can literally
spray it in scrunch up your hair and
you're good to go do you have any tips
for revising or managing your workload I
used to leave everything until the last
minute which is very stressful and I
would not advise that you do that at all
we had school planners I'm guessing you
guys have school planners too and it has
every day of the week in it tells you
when you get home work when homeworks do
I just wish I'd utilized that more and
used it for its purpose because I didn't
really do that so if you want a much
more stress-free workload then I
definitely suggest you just plan
everything out gradually give yourself
enough time for doing things with your
friends - don't try and cram too much in
in one day be realistic what is a really
natural makeup with the school without
being told off for wearing makeup the
first thing you want to do is get your
hair out of your face make sure you've
got clean face clean hands and you have
moisturized now as you can see I have
red patches dark patches and a few
little red spots so I would like to
cover them up but if you're watching
this and you have absolutely nothing
wrong with your skin and you don't
really need to wear any makeup at all
then please don't I think then later you
can delay wearing makeup the better the
first thing I would do is just put a
little bit of concealer underneath my
eyes or in any areas where I've got a
little bit redness now my horrid dark
circles are the concealer that I use is
election lasting perfection concealer in
the color light now I look really pale
let's put a bit of foundation on if you
don't need to wear foundation at this
point I just go straight on to powdering
but I'm gonna go on put a little bit of
foundation on because my neck is
actually darker than my face at the
moment couple of pumps but I am using
the Rimmel wake me up foundation which I
absolutely love is my favorite drugstore
foundation it's really important to only
put it in the places that you feel like
you need foundation because you don't
want to put too much on especially if
you're trying to hide the fact that
you're wearing makeup from your teachers
or your parents because not everyone is
I have to wear makeup to school next
thing I'm going to use is the Rimmel
stay matte powder
is the best powder for sure you can get
it in different colors or I've just got
the transparent one because it suits all
then tap tap powder is quite essential
if you have oily skin if you have dry
skin I wouldn't worry too much I just
literally put a tiny bit on just to set
your foundation and your concealer the
sleek blush in rose gold this is all my
favorites it has a slight shimmer to it
so it will make you look a lot more
awake eyebrows I had no clue about
eyebrows at all I over plucked them I
barely had any there anyway if I had
something like this to watch your eyes
in the school I would have been far
better off I think this is Miss sporty
Col I pencil in a dark brown if you're
going to start plucking your eyebrows
make sure you speak to somebody else who
knows what they're doing first because
it could look disastrous if you do want
to fill in your eyebrows a tiny little
bit then I would just use a cheap Kohl
pencil like the one I'm using fill it in
a tiny tiny bit and then just brush your
finger through or even an eyebrow comb
okay once you have filled in your Brown
a little bit and made them a little bit
more defined if that's the step that you
want to do it is now time for eyes you
can do things like wear really subtle
eye pencils I'm just going to put this
one on which is the collection work the
color eye shadow pencil in the shade
vintage blush and it's not too obvious
it's quite subtle obviously if you think
that you can't get away with this skip
this but okay next I'm going to put a
tiny bit of anyway intense color
eyeliner in rich Brown I'm just going to
put this really really close to my lash
line
and then just smudge that out with your
finger and next step is mascara I
actually used to use clear mascara for a
very very long time I think this was the
first piece of makeup by I ever wore
just gonna go like that through my
eyebrows just to keep them in place so
if you're not keen on mascara and it
looks too heavy your teachers know 100%
you're not going to go away with that I
try clear mascara first but if you can
wear mascara I'm using the Rimmel
scandaleyes retro glam mascara also just
to note it would be useful if you have
sports or you've got P that day to maybe
go for a waterproof option because you
don't want this ending up like all the
way down your face I would actually
advise using clean SCARA on your bottom
eyelashes because if you use a dark
mascara on the bottom eyelashes it kind
of looks a bit more heavy and also you
have more chance of it falling down your
face okay and lastly its lips obviously
keeping it very very neutral if you want
to you can just go for a lip balm I've
got one of the Maybelline Baby Lips here
mmm oh my goodness this is delicious
if you want to wear a bit of color which
I always did in school I've got the
berry and lip gloss in 11 just a nice
coral color I'm just going to put that
back on okay so this is weird having
hardly any makeup on I hope you found
that useful I think the key is just to
be very minimal with what you're wearing
if your skin isn't too bad and you're
picking a foundation just make sure that
you've gone for something that's either
a medium coverage or a sheer coverage or
you can go for something that's like a
tinted moisturizer this is the Bourjois
healthy mix serum so it's a lot lot
lighter and not everybody needs to coach
their face in foundation please don't
think that you need to do that and this
is the finished look very subtle very
minimal but I think you could also get
away with merriness to school how can I
get the guy I like to like me back just
be yourself
and if a guy likes you for that then
it's absolutely perfect and if you have
to change the way you behave where you
have to change who you are for him to
like you then he is not worth your time
have fun learn have fun with your
friends don't worry about boys too much
if one falls into place
perfect don't stress yourself out over
it because in years to come you're look
back and think oh what a waste of time
that boy was when I could have been
having a laugh with my friends and doing
my homework how can I deal with friends
that are drifting away from me I think
in that instance the only thing you can
do is tell them how you feel if you do
say something and you say Oh guys we
feel like we're drifting apart or
arranged like a little get-together or
do something nice with all of you then I
think that will reassure you that things
aren't all lost it's just a very
confusing time going through school and
meeting lots of new friends and losing
old friends and gaining new friends and
it is like friend confusion city this
one was a really popular one and it was
how can I avoid being shy around new
people you will only be comfortable when
you feel comfortable and for some people
that's a long time and for others it
happens very very quickly and I think
once you feel settled you'll soon come
out of your shell and you'll feel a lot
more confident just maybe think to
yourself at least once every lesson a
day I will raise my hand and I'll answer
a question or I'll start a conversation
with someone or I'll do something that's
a little bit out of my comfort zone just
to ease myself in hey so but it's my
back to school video I hope this has
helped some of you I really wish that I
could have answered every single
question but I think we would have been
stuck here for at least two hours I have
written some more over on my blog so go
check that out I also have a giveaway
and good luck with whatever it is that
you are starting this year I wish you
all the very best and enjoy it give the
video a thumbs up if you liked it I will
see you again very soon bye
well antibiotic hand wipes antibiotic
and she my - my dad just sneezed but
don't stress yourself Alf Alf Alf you
know that you can hold the tray right
what do you mean how with your other
hand you can put the Box both of my
hands are busy right now literally I
don't know five fucking bands I'll hold
this how many sources
that's the third scoop is it going good
or um yeah
