hi everybody I feel like I have been
gone a very long time which I do
apologize for but I have probably had
one of the busiest months of my life
and I feel like I've barely stopped to
even breathe
but it's all good and it's all exciting
and I'm gonna sort of fill you in with a
bit of a sort of beauty faves and random
life faves through the month so hello to
all you new subscribers that may have
come from my gay boyfriend Tyler Oakley
and no he's not my boyfriend that was
just a spoof of an actual boyfriend tag
just to clean up for those of you that
may be quite confused by that which I
didn't think there would be many of you
that were confused by that because I
thought it was quite obvious but I wear
quite a few of you that were a little
bamboozled shall we say also hello to
all my old subscribers and people that
have been here a long time and that may
be thinking am i dead no I'm still here
I'm all good I've not really been using
a lot of beauty things this month that
may shock you but I've been so busy I
feel like I've had more makeup free days
than actual makeup days and that's
probably a great thing for my skin um
but not such a great thing for the
general public
or anyone else that may have seen me
with absolutely nothing on my face
although I do have three beauty
favorites which have lasted me very well
through August and I really wanted to
rave to you about first thing as I knew
I probably would be
I am raving about the bourgeois color
boost glossy lipsticks with more to
proof ten our assumptions or whatever it
is I love these so so much I've worn
these a lot in LA and back here and I
just feel like they're so super easy to
use and this one is really dirty because
Marcus Butler was the last person to use
this don't ask just stay tuned his
channel to find out and it's really
grubby so thank you Marcus thank you
very much I have every color and I am
NOT sorry next thing is something that I
actually received in my peer box from a
viewer it is all the way from Japan I
believe and it is the hydrogel therapy
patch now I don't know if you can see
this came in a box of about ten I think
I've already used half of them but I
took these on the aeroplane with me
because as you know it's like an 11 to
12 hour flight all the way to LA and I
normally get quite dehydrated skin and I
find it really tiring and I tend to look
like absolute crap when I get out the
other end so I thought I'll treat myself
and I'll take one of these in my hand
luggage and it's just gel hi drew like
hydrating patch that you put underneath
your eyes and you just leave them on
there for 20 minutes and I did this
right at the end of both of my flights
and it is the best pick-me-up after
you've been on a plane for 11 hours and
your skin feels tight and really
horrible because these things are
amazing I just wish I knew where to get
some of these in the UK because clearly
they are not it's as leaders at the top
I don't know if that's the brand or
where they got it from but the rest I
think is in Japanese and I don't
understand it but they are amazing and
if I knew where to get them I would get
more and I highly recommend that you
look for something similar to this
especially if you've got a lot of
flights or just for a pamper evening
like in the bar under your eyes it just
felt amazing and I've also noticed a few
sneaky people in my house have also been
using these too so I need to lock them
up the thing the patch is not for people
last Beauty favourite is quite a recent
Beauty favorite but I am going to blame
this on Tanya burr and my mum who are
both obsessed with this brand and have
made me to come to their obsession and
it is Jo Malone I know that Jo roan is
not a cheap brand at all so if this is
not in your budget that I'm really sorry
but this is the clone English pear and
freesia and it smells amazing it's
really fresh really floral really light
um the perfect scent and I highly
recommend this especially if you need to
get someone a gift I think Jo Malone do
the best gifts just if you receive a
gift from Jo know it's a box beautifully
they tie up the little black bow it's
just ah I just love it I need to spray
some now I'm going to go into the likely
things and there are a lot of them this
time and I feel like I could turn this
into a bit of a rumble so I do apologise
in advance
first thing I've been loving is a sauce
um
people call it a sauce I'm not sure
which is the correct terminology I just
call it a sauce I have been really
loving this website if you have been
watching any of my la vlogs or any of my
recent videos a lot of the things I've
been wearing have been from a sauce
although ironically today
nothing I'm wearing is from a sauce this
is a magazine that comes through my
front door when new stuff comes out and
it actually has a ring around it because
I had a bowl of cereal and there was a
wasp in my bedroom and I'm terrified of
wasps but I don't like killing animals
even when they're deadly and don't
reserve a lot of purpose sorry for all
wasps fans out there but they just hurt
you for no reason
it came up nowhere and landed in my milk
and I was like oh uh hmm so instead of
trying to like remove it and safely get
it out of my house I just put this over
the top and waited for somebody to come
and take it away that is the story
behind why this has a big circle on it
which you didn't need to know but I just
told you anyway yay next random thing is
something that I watched on the airplane
on the way to LA as it's a very long
flight they do have lots of films on
there first thing on my list to watch
was obviously limb is because I'm the
biggest limb is found ever
and once I've noticed that that was on
the little TV thing I was like yes get
in and it's quite a long film as well so
it did make the time go quite quickly
and I was probably singing the songs out
loud but who cares the other thing that
I watched was wreck-it Ralph and it's
not something that I would have ever
looked at before and thought that looks
like a great film I'm a massive fan of
like Disney animation films but I this
did not appeal to me at all when it came
out I didn't go see it in the cinema I
just thought it looks a bit childish and
I don't know it is I don't know just it
just didn't appeal to me and it was on
the airplane and I thought sod it I want
to watch it just see what it's about
Disney's amazing it can't be that bad
and it is such a good film it's really
really good I highly highly enjoyed it
it's an amazing concept about arcade
games and all of them coming together
once the arcade is shut down and that's
all I'm going to say if they don't want
to give it away but I really enjoyed it
so much so that when I got back it was
one of the first things I bought because
it's such a feel-good film it's really
good and it's really light-hearted and
it's really fun but it's good for all
ages
a next thing what happened VidCon VidCon
was the next thing that happened that
happened this month I honestly can't
even remember start end of July through
to the start August was VidCon and it
was amazing I can't lie to you I was
pretty terrified again I'm getting on an
airplane and going to somewhere that
I've never been before but I really
wanted to meet all of you I want to
experience it I just had such an amazing
time
I loved meeting up with other youtubers
I've got to finally meet the Shaytards
which is something that I wanted to do
for ages because they were one of the
people that I started watching way
before anybody else waiting for I'm
inside making my own videos but to be
clean colleen ballinger I'll leave her
link below she's amazing I love her so
much I wish we lived nearer because I
know that we'd be really good friends if
we did I got to hang out with my boy
Tyler
Joey Troy just so many people that I
don't normally get to hang out with and
we all got to hang out together and it
was amazing and I'm really sad that they
live very far away to everyone that came
to our Meetup and signing thank you it
was so nice to meet you and you're all
amazing I just want to also say thank
you to the girl that bought me these
look how cute she'd obviously seen these
little ones in the background of my
video and so she bought with the big
ones and what's funny is it's about the
same size as my head I know I like to
compare everything to my head but that
really is almost the same size of my
head
does it look like me I don't want you
guys to ever feel like you have to get
me presents there is absolutely no way
that you need to spend any money on me
at all but I am blown away by some of
the things that you guys did get me
honestly you don't have to and it was
adorable of you thank you so much sad
news
the Hedgehog's have gone great news that
someone bought me a hedgehog you can put
your little hands in here he's like all
bashful oh I'm so shy don't put me on
YouTube sorry I'm sorry we need a name
for this Hedgehog so please leave in the
comments
Hedgehog name and then what you think we
should call the Hedgehog key also curls
up into a ball which I have shown people
many a time more times than they care to
listen they must have known that my
hedgehog removed on so they shall be
playing it also something else which I
thought was extremely nice of them was
somebody bought me a build-a-bear in a
tutu this is also almost as big as me
with Converse and rollerskates this has
been named Louise by Louise and I just
think that is adorable so thank you
thank you very much for all your lovely
gifts and for all sewing hi
I keep every single letter that anyone
ever gives me so yeah thank you so much
to everyone like got to me it was
amazing you can watch vlogs of LA on my
second channel which I will leave a link
to below and yeah that was VidCon after
VidCon was summer in the city which is
an English version a slightly smaller
bit more condensed where I'd get to meet
you guys here in the UK in a safe
environment that nobody gets hurt in um
we did a meet-and-greet meet Anya in
Louise I would have loved to have been
there all day
and met all of you but I'm so glad that
I did get to meet as many of you as
possible and the amount of gifts and
letters and cards you guys ignore me is
so overwhelming I like to read through
the more when I'm having a down day or
when I'm having a chill-out day and
they're very special to me so thank you
so much it was amazing meeting all of
you I had an amazing time as you all
know this is my fake guinea pig gizmo
Marcel and he has been quite lonely so
had summer in the city
some of you bought him some friends
which I thought was the cutest thing
ever
this one's a little bit more chubby I
feel like his face is slightly more chub
and this one's a little bit more skinny
I would like you to name the chubbier
guinea pig and the skinny a guinea pig
and then together three of them will all
be friends I feel like I have a lot
stuffed toy things now well yes thank
you now
I have a little brood of guinea pigs I'm
gonna need a hutch soon they're pooping
all over the place I also wanted to
quickly show you some of the amazing
artwork that some of you did because
geez you guys are amazing art and you I
hope you're all doing art who are all
these people
this is Elaine's amazing Louise this one
is from Ellie this is by Penelope I
believe that that looks more like me
than I do
shoma this is by Laura ah you people can
draw if it's the same Laura so good this
is me and Tyler how good is that
oh my little Tyler my boyfriend this
one's by Danny it's me pulling a special
face there and this is by Danny too how
good are these pictures I am going to
keep all of these after summer in the
city I very quickly the next day even um
filmed something which I never believed
I would ever be filming ever in my life
ever I know that not all of you watching
this will be one Direction fans but I
also know quite a lot of you will be one
Direction fans basically on Monday the
Monday after summer in the city I got to
meet and interview one direction now if
anybody had said to me four years ago so
it in four years time you'll be sat
opposite one direction interviewing them
playing chubby bunny I'm playing the
strawberries race challenge I feel like
ah shut up honestly it was the best day
of my life ever um not just because the
boys were really nice and it was really
nice to meet the boys but just because I
felt like I had done something that
normally I would never get to do and
something that I really pushed myself to
do and something that I would be like I
can't do that I can't do that there's no
way like I've never interviewed a
celebrity before and now you're making
the interview one direction like that's
way too scary I don't think I could ever
do that but I said yes I did
I just wanted you guys to be aware that
all of you are the reason that I get to
do amazing things like this because if
you didn't subscribe or like or you know
comment on my Twitter or send me amazing
letters and just all your support is
like Oh Moshe
all your support is the reason I get to
do these amazing things and as long as
you keep doing that and you're all here
with me then we can all go on these
journeys together obviously I'll vlog it
I did vlog the one direction day I also
got to go to the premiere which was
insane and I loved that as well I just
wish that you could have all been with
me because I feel like you guys the
reason I get to do this and if you could
all be behind me or with me at the time
then we could like all do it together as
a big group and I also hope that I did
okay I am NOT an interviewer I
definitely it was definitely quite scary
they're all very attractive I was sat
opposite them and they were there in
real life and I just hope I did the
direction is proud and I hope I did you
guys proud because it is not every day
that you get to do stuff like that so
thank you so much to all of you who make
these things possible for me to do and I
just hope that you continue to be there
and to experience these things with me
and next time I'll try and smuggle a few
of you in with me because it was good I
did a whole blog post with pictures
meeting the boys and what happened and
all that I'll leave that in the
description below so you could go and
read that if you want to know in more
detail I think that might be everything
I feel like I've just gone like good and
just like spills out everything that's
happened in the last month I promise not
every month is gonna be this busy it's
just everything seemed to happen at once
and I was either in LA all right here
and with people from LA because they all
came over here some in the city and it's
just been a complete whirlwind like I
feel like almost just disappeared like
completely disappeared but it has been
amazing and I hope you've enjoyed my
vlogs if you've been subscribed to my
second channel if know
do you go subscribe there because even
though I've been really crap uploading
on this channel because I've been so
super busy I've not been in one place to
sit down and talk I have got my little
handy cam on me so where you don't see
me here you will see what I'm doing over
on my second channel so you'll know I'm
still alive and on the Internet I want
to just say I love you all loads and
thank you for supporting I'm nearly at 2
million what the 2 million what I was at
400,000 at Christmas on Christmas Eve I
hit 400 thousand how am I almost at 2
million subscribers that is in sane so
if you haven't already do hit the
subscribe button do press like all the
information is down here please always
look in the description box and I love
you very much and I will see you very
very bourgeois and what's the next thing
I like hmm and it's gonna stop recording
in 7 6 aloud ma what I also like you to
name the chubby a hedgehog and the
skinny a hedgehog leave that hedgehogs
cast Finch but this is so hard while you
look for I or how long have we been
together hmm
we start like the day we met or our
first date because that's a one day
difference or the first time I'm visited
because that was yesterday um do we have
any traditions
