hello everyone so as many of you are
aware I get requests for quite a lot of
videos and I share quite a lot of my
life with you online I thought it was
important to bring this video to your
attention as whenever I type my name
into YouTube the first thing that drops
down is zoella boyfriend tag so I
thought it was about time I fulfilled
your needs and expectations and
introduce you to my boyfriend so if you
want to come in hey everyone this is
Tyler Oakley so you may know him already
he also does YouTube videos I'm a little
nervous because I don't know how people
are going to act about a relationship
and about being open and honest with
them because there's a lot of
expectation so they want to know if your
detail um but I feel like we're ready I
feel like we've had this conversation
we've discussed it along discussed like
the pros and cons of telling people the
truth about us and I think it's having
its time definitely and also you know
guys if this isn't your ship your ship
silo you never thought you would ship
Seiler I'm sorry but some ships like say
some ship sink and some ships sail sail
I'm sorry if it's not what you want but
it's what I want it's what nozzle what
matters no I'm gonna ask you the
boyfriend tag question okay I'm ready
where did we meet la yarda this was a
cute story yeah you were so cute when we
first met what was playlist live yeah it
was very recently um it's well wind yeah
I mean like sparks flew immediately so
playlist live I remember seeing you
across the room and we had been tweeting
at each other for a little bit and I
just I never knew like you know
something happens and you never knew was
what you always wanted until it happened
and like I saw Zoey and it was just like
yeah that was hot that was mine what do
you what was your impression I remember
it was your birthday it was my birthday
and walked in and you had a bottle of
champagne sent to the room like happy
birthday to you I didn't send myself the
champagne nobody sent it to you and I
instantly felt the jealousy
question number two where was our first
date
oh it was really cute and it was a
little unconventional because it was
breakfast and all of our friends were
there but I think like under the table
are like feet we're kind of touching and
like across the table right is I was
paying man yeah I am like we took like a
selfie together I remember um but is
that I hope right so romantic yeah and
you got pancakes and you got a breakfast
no a burger I got I got a veggie burger
you are so good at remembering
everything that I do you were every
little detail she remembers what we
didn't show on camera was that you are
feeding me your veggie burger and I was
feeding you my brain Kate Harper yeah
you gave me the whole burger okay I'm
seeing you eat like that I was just like
this woman gets me next question is when
did you meet my family
uh well very recently I was actually um
I think was yesterday yeah yesterday I
met Joe and him and I were just throwing
it up future brother-in-law's we very
much just got each other like brothers
our mommies they had a nice ass oh yeah
and I runs in the family because your
butt is just nice and cute like perky
and his butt is just nice and keeping
very perky Danny's like pinch at what I
did I went yeah oh yeah risk you um
sin with your dad our dad has a very
nice butt question number five is one
weird habit that we each have there are
a couple things like when you borrow
like my makeup stuff you never put it
back which I it's fine like it never
doesn't bother me but like I use your
waxing strip you use my waxing strips um
oh my tweezers you never put my tweezers
back which doesn't annoy me at all
um you always leave the seat down sorry
the toilet seat so what do I do
well I'm gonna be honest I mean I hope
this doesn't offend you you know this is
kind of a counseling for us because we
don't really talk about this stuff
especially not the cameras right um
sometimes I'll get home I've been out
all day filming our meetings and I'm
just really excited to see you yeah I'll
come upstairs my
a little bunch of flowers and I open the
bedroom door and you're just there with
another guy and it's just it does make
me a bit sad like when we're like like
wooden word like yeah maybe we can like
share the guys like all of us have fun
together yeah I mean we can invite
anybody truthfully like there's always
like Jim or Marcus or Elfie or like jack
or fan or even like Joe maybe no how
long have we been together hmm
we start like the day we met or our
first date because that's a one day
difference or the first time I'm visited
because that was yesterday
um do we have any traditions well before
dinner I always twerk on the kitchen
table what am i safe yeah while you're
setting the table but you what do you do
you know what you do tell them what you
do I like to chase you around doing this
face OMG peas isn't she's so cute
I can't resist truly an animal that
resembles one another I would say a
squirrel because what my girl was make
that's why we fall in love what because
you like nuts oh oh yeah not from the
people what was our first road trip oh
well we were um we were driving back do
you remember this yeah back from Louise
else
two days ago two days ago it was oh that
was such a fun time the rain was coming
down on the windscreen we had the heated
seats on I always think I would like
always I always think back about that
much oh there was such a good time so
good okay so the first thing I noticed
about you was probably that weird noise
that was always coming from your phone
it was like you were on this app I was
it called a grinder Oh speak of a time
uh um yeah I'm well I'm always checking
to see the closest boys in the area just
because you're like networking purposes
and like business opportunities you
never know
gays are really friendly and helpful so
yeah you know they can help me with
things um it's also stuff and then since
you explain to me what Grindr was like I
got it as well because and which is
great because then we can both start
talking to these guys and then they're
like oh I think I'm talking to your girl
and I'm like yes you are throwing my
girlfriend and then we well they're like
okay yeah we have similar tastes in who
we talk to
yeah exactly cute makes me yeah makes me
sure about you so now I think Grindr is
for finding helpful people helpful gay
friendly people what do we argue about
the most hmm um probably the thing we
argue about most I tweet at a lot of
like your brother a lot and I think that
is kind of a point of contention yeah I
mean you give him more compliments than
me sometimes but what it's because I
know that you know how I feel I know
that Joe is kind of different bit more
insecure maybe yeah yeah and I don't
know what for yeah we do argue about
which one direction member is the
fittest right and I I thought we weren't
going to talk about that like on the
camera I mean I don't want to I don't
want to like offend people in them to
see kind of when we do argue cuz I think
it'd be bad yeah but yeah but it is same
so it's Hari um sorry and I got lost let
in well that's normal isn't it you're
testing my patience darling a nice
question bit wit says do I have PMS yeah
okay we are not talking about this right
now girl what happens over here during
that time of the month is happening for
you only I am checking out turning this
time not my problem
who wears the pants in our relationship
what we both know that you love your
acid-washed denim and you love your
capris and don't skip on those disco
pants so I actually think weirdly the UH
diss completely better on you
especially my navy blue ones oh sure
well I mean obviously but yeah
tight little Friday little snug but I
think that's pretty mystique so to
answer the question who wears the pants
probably you the head it's here because
you're usually yeah they're usually your
pants so it's like yeah it's the weird
thing but it's really great that we can
share a baby honestly yeah we
should we share most clothes yeah this
is your top we'll say something that's
my top that's our plan so those were all
the boyfriend tag questions that we felt
we wanted to ask yeah it was fun though
and also I feel like a massive weight
has been lifted off my shoulder totally
mine mine too
truthfully oh yeah you're well done oh
um this guy I'm grinders 2 miles why I
have to he wants to have like a little
business section hey um so I see it
going but it was great seeing you guys
so great to meet you um thank you so
much for supporting Zeiler you guys are
the best and go have fun with my little
girl I'll see you guys later - bye babe
okay so for those of you that may have
watched that and you're now extremely
confused this isn't a thing this is and
this is not gonna work is not real not
real um yeah I wouldn't I think we would
be a few couple a also yeah and be like
I'm dating you I'm asking me out
if this gets a million thumbs up then
maybe we'll go on a date and we'll film
at just a date for a minute well you got
to work for it
you want to get married the day has to
go well okay well guys that means you
really have to sums up this becomes it
up I have to go I hang out with Joe now
yeah that means like just get you out of
my life I made you feel a bit straighter
I feel much gayer although we have
filmed another video over on Tyler's
channel so click his face click the link
in the description or click the endcard
video and you can go over and watch us
compete for who is the best Disney
fanatic clearly it's me if you know me
and I I am obsessed
where's know what obsess say I use it it
Bob so
I'm obsessed with his name make sure you
head on over to Tyler's channel
subscribe to him he's one of my favorite
I never want you to leave I don't mind
you I'm kidding you're my age I have to
hug you you won't even hug me it's
beautiful gotta love I think we are
anyway yeah subscribe like love him as
much as I do
look at his little face oh hey okay
we're done yeah we'll see you guys soon
bye you Jonathan Taylor Thomas Lion King
song it's liking it everybody today just
can't wait to be king
oh you is that smile on your points left
or right
