hello everyone today I am going to do a
video which has been very highly
requested because my best friend
Luiz aka sprinkle glitter made this
video called my first time which sounds
reroute it's not at all unless anyone
actually wants to share that information
with everyone else on the Internet it's
just to discuss the first of different
things that I have a list of scenarios
objects things that I will share with
you my first of my first word I actually
don't know what my first word was last
my mom hi mums just me I'm filming a
video and I was just wondering what my
first word was if you could get back to
me and let me know anytime soon that
would be great bye alright dad I have a
question
what was my first word yeah when the
first word I ever spoke well must have
been really special then was it dad
alright okay okay bye
my first teddy I actually still have
these shoved under my bed I don't know
out of which one of these was my first I
think they were given to me at the same
time I think maybe this one but as you
can tell they're not in the best
condition I just like to also explain
something that I did do when I was
younger which really used to suck my
thumb and I used to pick these Teddy's
when I sucked my thumb so I would suck
my thumb and with one hand and then pick
the fur out like this
so both these Teddy's have limited fur
in places not sure what happened to this
ones eye but you can stick your whole
finger in there maybe the eyes in there
somewhere no that's gone sorry my first
friend I think my first actual friends
when I was really really little where my
mum's best
and children she had four children and
we used to hang out all the time even
though they were all a lot older than me
I also had another friend called Shan
and my cousin James but when I went to
school my first friend was Alex
otherwise known as blossom and we still
was still keeping contact now which is
crazy I have a vivid memory which is
probably one of my first memories to be
honest with you and it is being in play
group which was kids between two and
five or two and four and there was a
trolley but I absolutely loved we had a
fight over the trolley because I think
one of us had gone for the trolley
handle and one of us had shoved on doll
in there as in as if to say this is my
trolley my doll is in it I think in the
end one of the teachers had to come and
sort of Experts up and say look Alex
will play for ten minutes and then
you'll play for ten minutes or you can
both share the trolley and that's one of
my first memories and my first memory of
Alex this then brings me onto my first
school crush now I had to rethink about
this because I fancied a lot of people
in primary school so considering I was
about seven and I fancied boys already
all had crushes on boys I was kind of
bad is it
I don't know the guy that me and my
friend also fancied he was in year six
so he was 10 I think we were in year
five or four I think maybe he it's three
or four that's a bit messed up but he
was like the school hunk and his name
was Liam and I really hope he's not
watching this because that would be
really awkward and then when he left I
fancied a guy a year above me called
Morgan who was Welsh and he'd come to
our school that year and I fancied him
for a while and I also remember my dad
embarrassing me at a school fete or
something along those lines and he went
up to Morgan whilst Morgan was with his
family and said oh if it's that boy that
you fancy I wanted to kill my dad
I didn't but I did want to I was very
upset my first kiss my first kiss on the
lips was in year six so I was 10 or 11
and I was at a school disco in a working
men's club and me and my friend Alex we
decided to kiss one of the boys so we
got this guy I'm not gonna say his name
into the girls toilet locked the door
shut him down on the toilet seat I'm
like right we're gonna kiss you and he
didn't really have a lot of choice and
so I was going in for the kiss first
my mum came barging through and SH when
Zoey what are you doing I was like with
wit we're just using the toilet and she
said you do know this is a girls toilet
and boys shouldn't be allowed in here
and I was like oh and then I think
Richard died of embarrassment but I did
kiss him on the lips then it got broken
up by my mum who probably thought I was
a tear away and she clearly knew he did
not want to kiss me my first celebrity
crush was in Casper the film Casper the
Friendly Ghost when the ghost turned
into the boy and met her on the dance
floor that is the boy I fancied and
after that it was Leonardo DiCaprio I
had a big poster of him on my wall used
to kiss it sometimes and after that it
was all under bloom because I'd seen him
in Lord of the Rings and thought he was
a fine piece of ass as an elf my first
boyfriend mmm
was when I was 13 or 14 and I sort of
went through a phase in school where all
the boys were like we got me
we got me when it was like they just
asked you got off with them for like a
week and then you'd hold hands and it
would be stupid and I would always be
like no I don't want to go out with you
because I know it's going to be a
pointless relationship and then I met
somebody who live
lived a bit further away and they then
became my boyfriend and his cousin
became my best friend Alex's first
boyfriend so overall it worked out great
for the short time that that happened
and we also used to listen to Graham
torrington late-night love whilst
texting each other
whilst all those sake love songs came on
because we thought we were so in love we
weren't but hi if you're watching my
first job was besides babysitting I then
went on to do work experience when I was
15 in a cafe and it was not very nice
and I worked there after the work
experience every Saturday from about
10:00 till 4:00 and I hated it because
they made me make tuna baguettes I don't
like tuna so it would make me gag every
week didn't stay there very long my
first gig or concert was when I was 11
years old and me and Alex who's been
featured a lot in this video um we went
to see here say who did I'll be there
for you to remember song and loved here
say they were like my favorite band ever
my first car was a voxel corsa um and it
was silver and it was the biggest heap
of crap I have ever bought because that
car was plagued from day one everything
that could possibly go wrong with a car
went wrong with that car I ended up
spending more money to fix it than I did
buying it in the first place basically
the engine just blew up and I had to
scrap it up north and then I had to get
a train home with the contents of my car
in black bag my first blog post was
written in 2009 I think it was January
or February it's not there anymore
because I deleted it because it was
absolutely not relevant to anything else
that I wrote about but it was about the
cast of skins and I basically just
discussed how hot I thought they were I
don't know why I thought that was going
to be a great introductory blog post but
a
it and I wrote that and now it's not
there anymore thank goodness because I
started writing about beauty and fashion
and thought why did I write that well
pervert my first video oh okay well my
first video is not up anymore either um
the first video that's available to
watch is the 60 things in my room video
but before that I did a lot of blogs
just like follow me around blogs because
I wasn't sure if I wanted to go down the
makeup route or the chitchat E route
turns out I've just done a mixture of
everything and I don't really have a
category that I fit into but I
originally started off doing follow me
around blogs kind of about the sort of
thing that you'd now see on my second
channel and it was a day where me and my
friend Louie went to Bristol shopping
and we just filmed the day oh we're
stuck in traffic
do you use a shower gel let's show her
I'll cause tips and there we go fun so
that is my first time tag there have
been a number of other youtubers that
have also done this video so do search
them up after you watch this one and
I'll also leave the link to Louise's
down below forgive that I watched too
and I hope you've enjoyed this video I
know that not everyone is interested in
makeup beauty and I know that quite a
lot of you do enjoy these more
insightful into my life me just sitting
here rambling on type of videos give it
a thumbs up if you liked it and I will
be sure to include more of these in my
video stash do give this video a go if
you haven't already because I love
watching these and I will see you again
very soon goodbye
so enjoy with rings and thought he was
and after that it was a London blue
because
they could be just going to anymore I'm
just laying I'm filming a video so it's
kind of a bit hard to film when you're
going through so big if you could just
give me like up to let me know when you
go drill and I'll it can prepare me
listen to you Graham Torrington Nate
Nate light love I also picked up some
Rimmel Kate Moss lipstick you will know
that I wear red lipstick quite a lot and
I would say that 99.9 percent of the
time the red lipstick that I'm wearing
is the Rimmel Kate Moss in 107 which is
not this one it's this one
