hello everyone hi hi hi hi Oh today I am
going to do a drugstore slash high
street makeup flash beauty slash
Cosmetics haul I'm definitely not going
to title the video that because that is
just a bit of a mouthful I went to
shopping I'm gonna partly bring this on
Louise and just partly put my hands up
and say yes I went to boots
I went to superdrug I bought way too
many things and this is what happened
sorry I'm going to try to film this
video really quickly because as we speak
it's about 32 degrees Celsius here in
the UK and most people in the United
Kingdom don't have air-conditioning in
their houses because this doesn't
usually happen and I am currently
melting under the light and the heat of
my bedroom because I can't open the
window because you'll hear the traffic
sorry if by the end of it I have melted
and my eyebrows are here
which one should I do flat foots
Superdrug foots super drug sexy boots I
went to boots first I met boots with
Louise I'm going to blame my first two
purchases on Caroline hyerin's she has a
extremely good skincare blog just the
woman is a genius she's a skincare
genius and she always recommends the
Hydra neuron moisture booster with the
purest hyaluronic acid which is a serum
that you put on before your moisturizer
well that's what I've been doing anyway
it says increase in skin hydration from
below the surface with an ultra high
quality high robic acid that holds up to
1000 times its weight in water
that sounds really scary but also really
cool have been using this for the past
two weeks and it is amazing I feel like
my face was possibly very dehydrated and
I mean I've never had a skincare
consultation I don't know from like a
dermatologist what problems I have with
my skin I don't really even know
professionally what skin type I have I
just kind of guess like most people but
I do think that my skin was dehydrated
because since using this I
seen vast improvement in my skin I've
also been using other things on my skin
which I think also helped too but this
is it just sinks into my skin
immediately I put it on and it's gone
like you don't feel anything on there
and it's just amazing so so far I have
been loving this I also picked up from
the same little selection in Boots the
pepto bright which is fate right intense
brightening treatment that sounds a bit
scary but it says it helps to improve
the skin clarity while diminishing the
appearance of dark spots and
hyperpigmentation leaving a more radiant
skin tone I would actually use this yet
I've been using the Hydra Yaron but it
sounds good
so I'm going to give it a shot next
thing that I've spotted and picked up
was this 17 wild metallic eyes eye base
this is very similar to the Maybelline
Color tattoos but a lot cheaper I just
wanted to see if it was any good because
I love these things recently I have been
loving just applying the cream eye
shadow as a base and just blending it
out and smoking out and just leaving it
because it's just very quick and easy
and so I wanted to give this one a try
and I really like the color of this this
is the color wild nude which sounds
crazy wild nude oh it's so pretty
I love this color so so much so if you
don't really have the budget for the
Maybelline Color tattoos these look
pretty promising too and I had some
really nice colors I also picked up this
fairy M jelly hi show nail paint in the
color light Chi although it's very
summery and I have bright blue nails at
the moment which is also very M its the
blueberry m1 I think it's called
blueberry I know I think it's that one I
don't I'm not sure but I think that nude
also really complements my skin tone and
also because I've got a bit of a turn
now it kind of looks nice and I also
highly highly recommend the Barry M
jelly nail paints they are incredible
they're amazing I've had this on my
nails for Thursday Friday Saturday for
like a week and no chips nothing there
it's it's amazing so I got the nude
color and I'm looking forward to wearing
I also picked up some Rimmel Kate Moss
lipstick you will know that I wear red
lipstick quite a lot and I would say
that 99.9 percent of the time the red
lipstick that I'm wearing is the Rimmel
Kate Moss in 107 which is not this one
it's this one and I've got one of those
because my other one is running out and
I also picked up the one one one which
is called a kiss of life this is super
glossy this is why I picked up because
it's a slightly different red it's more
of a cherry red and it's also a lot more
shiny and the other one is still
moisturizing but it's a bit more matte
so I am excited to try that now this may
come as a surprise to some of you but I
have never tried the bourgeois bronzing
powder that looks like chocolate so I
picked it up oh it's like a little book
a little chocolate book of chocolate and
you peel this back oh gosh I can't peel
got it it's just a very popular bronzer
but a lot of people rave about so I
wanted to give it a try because all of
the makeup items were a buy one get one
half price so I picked up that and I got
that in the shade because I think
there's a few shades I've got that in 52
so I don't know if that's the darker one
or the lighter one but um I've had great
things about this so I'm looking forward
to giving that a try I also picked up
the bronzing primer which is very
similar to the ever so famous Chanel
bronze Universal or solid a tan and it's
the same sort of concept so it my god
how badly do you want to stick your
finger in that it's a gel bronzer so you
can either use this as a base or blend
this in on top of your foundation I
think it's mostly supposed to be used
underneath the foundation to give like a
natural bronzing effect or sculpting
effect oh my god it smells delicious it
smells like The Body Shop like almond
cocoa butter not almond just cocoa
butter it already looks good enough to
eat
then you smell it and you actually want
to eat it next up I went to superdrug
yay because as I was saying I'm getting
a bit addicted to the cream eyeshadow
bases I
don't remember whose video it was I was
watching someone's video and they were
using the metallic pomegranate color and
it looked incredible and it's very
similar to the darker shade in my estee
lauder raisins palette which I like to
use all the time I'm not sure if this is
going to suit me I'm not sure what it's
going to look like but I bought it
anyway just to just to see just to see
how this goes down and I also picked up
pink gold which as you can imagine is a
pinky gold and I think they're both
really really pretty you can wear them
as a base for an eyeshadow or if you're
like me and you don't have a lot of time
or you're rushing out the door and you
just want a slurp of color on just
quickly you can just apply them on their
own and they still look really really
nice the next two things I picked up I
am wearing one of now it is the
bourgeois color boost glossy finish
lipsticks that claim to last 10 hours
and also claim to be waterproof which
are very big statements to make I must
admit the colors I picked up our orange
punch which is a gorgeous orange and as
you know I like my orange and it's also
just a nice color for the summer and I
also picked up the one I am currently
wearing which is peach on the beach
which is the nicest name for a lipstick
ever these are actually prefer over the
Revlon kissable balm stains because
firstly I really don't like the taste of
the balm stains I think they taste
really odd kind of like you're chewing
on a plant or something and these taste
they just don't really have much of a
case they smell good they don't really
taste of anything and they're a lot more
moisturizing and glossy which I like a
lot I feel like I need to go back and
get all of them because I'm obsessed and
they do last a lot lot better than a
Revlon one so go and grab some of these
cuz I really really like them I have a
feeling they're going to become like my
new obsession next up I bought myself
from the sleek counter a orange lip
liner because well I just like to say
because I don't own an orange lip liner
and I've just remembered that I do own
an orange lip liner so I think it's
because the orange lip liner that have
is quite dark orange --red and this is
quite a bright bright orange
which obviously is nice in the summer
but also it kinda lasts a lot longer on
the lips and lipstick so if you're going
somewhere where you need it to last all
day or it's weather like this and you
just think that it might just disappear
off your mouth we're going to end up
with like lipstick down here then lip
line is probably a very good idea so got
that also from the sleek counter and as
you know I love their blushes highly
highly recommend I always go in there
looking to see if they've got a new one
out and they had this one which is rose
gold in nine to six now this isn't a new
one this has been out for quite a while
but I'd seen so many people wearing this
and loving it and I don't actually have
it in my collection because it's
normally sold out any time I ever go to
a counter but the one super drug that I
went in had had a restock and they had
loads in so I grew up one and it looks
like this a lot of people say it's very
similar to NARS deep throat or NARS
orgasm yes they are names of products I
know I'm not quite sure what and also
thinking it's kind of a bit gross but
they do look it doesn't very very
similar and I wouldn't be surprised if
this was just pigmented because sleek
really know how to make a good blusher
okay so the next thing is from
collection and I normally go to that
stand purely to get my lasting
perfection concealer because I cannot
live without it and I always have one in
my makeup bag but this time I was like
I'll just see if they've got anything
else that looks kind of interesting and
I did see this which is the works of
color eyeshadow pencil I don't really
have any of these I mean I've got the
bases the Maybelline bases and things
like that I don't ever have any in the
form of a pencil and I thought it was
just a really nice concept and it's such
a pretty light pink color and I just
know that this would get really nice in
the inner corners of the eye or as a
highlight under the eyebrow it is creamy
too and really easy to blend which makes
me like it even more the last thing I
picked up was from Berrien and I picked
up this which I don't know if I'm gonna
love or hate I couldn't decide when I
was there but I bought it anyway because
I'm never going to decide if I don't
actually wear it and it is the berry M
confetti
effects its tiny tiny tiny little specks
of different colored pastel confetti and
it's just one of those nail polishes
that you can just put on top of a color
and just it just adds a little extra
even if I just do sort of one accent
nail with it then I think it might look
quite cool or it could look like an ant
has vomited on my nail
either way we shall soon find out so
those are all the things that I have
bought from boots and Superdrug recently
I love going into the drugstore because
it's just so much fun don't get to give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and I am gonna go and lie in my freezer
or just pour a bottle of water over me
because I'm so hot and my voice is going
weird thanks so much for watching guys
I'll see you very soon enjoy the Sun by
the Maybelline Color tattoo title
alright Emmit jelly the heat the heat
melting melting and it's probably and
yeah hmm and if I'm my bum is so sweaty
oh man it's basically in your world The
Little Mermaid magically grew leg yeah
met below their life and lived happily
ever after
yeah what does happen you guys know
