recording everybody and action
hi everyone I am joined today with one
of my best friends Tanya burr hey guys
as she's in my room I'm so excited when
we set up I was just like his Sally's
background I can flip screen that since
tanya is here it is the perfect
opportunity to film a video together and
that's we're going to straight for lunch
is what we're going to do one of the
things that we thoroughly enjoy doing is
talking about our childhood and things
we loved so we thought would be perfect
to do the 90s tag both of us had kids in
the same thing we have in common
yeah I was born in 89 and Zoey was born
in 1990 but that makes us both 1990s
kids yes like we were like from a
Troodon idea for question number one
favorite Disney film one two three
listen Lana's but I love that one - yeah
like entire I when I was little I didn't
love it Aladdin because I never liked
all the kind of street rat bit because
in my day I used to just love all Airy
fairy princess see that kind of favor
Ursula must've scared you yeah I hated
us that I used to Ford wine that bit
only bits and feels I was little but my
mom used to have to run in and forward
wined me because I just wanted
everything to be perfect and princesses
basically in your world The Little
Mermaid magically grew leg yeah met the
love of her life and lived happily ever
after
yeah what could happen you don't you
know Ursula takes her voice in like Oh
in exchange for her
ah
ah and then she turns into a girl that
tries to steal Eric oh my god eyetality
for the senton she's like a brad she's
ready yeah oh yeah I didn't like that
bit look at this stuff isn't it neat
wouldn't it make my collections complete
wouldn't you think I'm the girl the girl
who has everything
yeah that's the best job treasure sudden
hope we could go on
number two favorite music artist when
over the 90s I really liked during the
song cuz I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby
Sagna and we turn wheter had the single
Iron Maiden baby with me also I really
like steps steps for my number one band
yep i tender fact that i shadow i
remember via post up steps my number one
was All Saints and I liked too big come
on what was that one that had a routine
I think it was stop right there thank
you very much need somebody with a human
touch hey you always on the road get a
slow it down baby gotta have some fun I
remember right there very much I love
Britney Spears I was Britney that
meeting I made up so many I think we
both made up alors dance routines when
we were little so many let's go on video
that as well I have you all where please
cry look yeah I find it I'm gonna be
shorn S Club 7 oh I love desktop fest as
well but I used to cut pictures of steps
out of magazines and stick them on my
wall with Bluto I had All Saints on whoa
oh I just love those from I'm favorite
candy which we call sweeties in the UK I
really loved and still love flying
saucers the air flying saucers were
great if any of you don't know what
those are
they're like weight very thin sugar
shells
yeah but kind of when you put them on
your tongue they sort of dissolve and in
the middle we're mouth-watering yeah I
in the middle is like sherbert so once
the the outside case of like flying
saucer so it comes dissolved you get
like the really sharp like show jewelry
shop close probably like 5 this time
goddamn we'll go tomorrow aniseed balls
I can't I love my dad laughs aniseed
fall so he used to have them in his
office in little sweet machine where you
like round it round then it would pop
out the bottom so it always have aniseed
balls I'm not really a massive fan of
Cola bottles because I remember once a
school disco everyone was like getting
too excited and they had a Cola bottles
there and there was a and one boy was
sick and had a Cola bottle in it that he
hadn't changed swallowed I was disgusted
so I didn't read them off that because I
thought that they would make me ill cuz
I feel really good at me yeah I got it
made him sick so I was like I can't get
co2 bottles
favourite game like board game school
game etc I've got mine could go faster
dream phone it's actually a game from
like 1994 and I had it my mum got it
free from boot sale because it's like so
retro I think I was about 6 when I had
it and me and my friends used to
absolutely love it I understand why
you'd love that that would feel like so
cool I feel doing like that play it now
yeah
board game wise our board game I used to
always play that cluedo Cluedo oh yeah
all medallion monopoly stuff like with
my grandparents but game wise I always
used to love playing Fox some rabbits I
don't know what that is you didn't have
that your school no foxes and rabbits so
mainly the boys would be the foxes and
the girls to be the rabbits like if it
was all girls playing it sounds a bit
sexual yeah
no it wasn't honestly was play it when
they just mowed the lawn at school so
there'd be like loads of grass like just
a round on the school field like piles
of fresh-cut grass and we used to make
like little houses out of the grass
little circles the rabbits would get in
the circle and that would be their home
and the Fox would just be roaming around
then you'd have to like dare so I'd go
over and touch that tree and like foxes
will go and get you and I just love that
game oh my god I really want to play all
these games now yeah
okay we're gonna have to camp a after
this favorite McDonald's Happy Meal toy
oh yeah but I did not beanie babies
no they did tiny little G YTD baby
I remember the toys always being like
plastic and I just thought I didn't care
about them then gave them to my sister
you really heard about that they slowly
got worse and worse
I think I remember there being plastic
kittens what and you could put them in a
house that sounds amazing
yeah like each week you have like a
different kitten and you collected all
the kittens that's really good with ice
encouraging you to have McDonald's every
single week because new year probably
isn't so great probably a very good
marketing scheme yeah favorite book this
is easy for me I loved another thing I'm
broke I don't know it's the same no I
don't think y'all know this I used to
read books called um summertime at st.
Claire's and like ultimate st. Claire's
and like the girls go wild at st.
Claire's like nose up this whole series
of st. Claire's books and I have to read
all of them this is when I was quite
young it was about these girls that went
to a boarding school I think or just
like a summer school or something and I
just used to love those but also the
Louise Rennison books Oh neither of
those are mine really yeah mine was
gonna be one I just remember really well
be Jacqueline Wilson Oh and Jacqueline
was I had all of those and we know so
much I'm also would be Harry Potter with
up in the 90s yeah yeah came out in 1988
severed legs right yeah yeah I'm not
gonna want to meet them now good
favorite clothing store
why was Tammy girl girl that was my oh
my god
yeah and then change to eat um these are
now now it's older and I was not know
it's not around it big yeah it's down
there do you remember buffalo shoes no
what populations buffalo shoes with
these massive chunky black trainers
bikes bicycles yeah like the Spice Girls
I remember them and also massively
massively flared jeans oh my god yes I
had them all that I I had to have the
most flare there was one shop in Norwich
my elliptical cowslip and I found out
that was the place where all the cool
girls
got their genes them I'm not joking they
were like that yeah and when it rains
they doubled in size that is so
disgusting and they'd soaked up they set
up water like that much and you wear
them with your DC's yeah oh your
buffaloes yeah a dc-3 Buffalo's and oh
my god had lots of folks in sweat bands
sweat bands
and also there's like rubber like rubber
bands so you have those as well and
actually all of you oh my god do you
remember those like chokers that were
like multicolored yeah
and you could get one for your wrist and
one for your neck yeah I used to have
those as well maybe like sweatbands
chokers massive flares you can imagine
what we look at mascara yeah glitter
eyeliner oh that's right mess yeah I
think we did there's two questions that
are kind of the same one is favorite
Nick jr. show we don't have that here do
you know only if you like pay lots money
to have it I think or something not a
lot of people and sky in the night when
I was little I literally had like
channels 1 2 3 & 4 I remember yeah yeah
all right
and the other question is what would you
watch her and get home from schools
they're kind of the same yeah sure
so the channels we see ITV and CB CB see
yeah um and what we used to watch on
them
Sabrina Tina Grier which we both used to
love burners watch yeah I am still to
this day wish that existed oh my god
we're doing it baby could later pause
time film this video and then unpause
Tanya
Sister Sister Sister Sister Sister
Sister man what else did I love
screeching it just a fiber child oh yeah
okay girl and that was amazing
do you know her oh my God look my food
right I love it okay
it was like a cutaway of a massive house
so the credits would roll and it was
like a cutaway of a house and you could
see all the rooms in the house and it
had family living there and that was
like the mum and the dad a younger
brother and an older sister who is quite
Goffe and then the middle sister who I
think it was mostly like based around
and I can't remember what it was called
was the middle sister really girly
middle sisters really girly the little
boy was quite geeky and the old guy was
like we gothis I remember if I don't
remember
it was on CITV if any of you know what
program talking about menses are in the
comments so I can YouTube it and watch
it because I remember loving that
program so much yeah when I was really
little my favorite program as tops TV
was it I love tots TV I'm Rosie and Jim
how's it go Rosie and Jim
Rosie engine chugging along on the old
something boat it's like wait wait no
that's tots TV so tops TV was um I'm a
duchess visa some teeny tiny way in it
up sometimes TV one two three is that
little question Russians oh so fun
looking back on our charity it's like
which one of my favorite things to talk
about a child me too
things like this make you feel so
nostalgic and it just makes me want to
go and watch them all and like just be a
child again
we're now I'm gonna go play the games
outside yo garden also we have filmed a
video over on Tanya's channel today
where we took on a challenge to do a
three minute makeup so it got pretty
crazy and a bit competitive click her
face now or there'll be a link in the
description box or you can wait until
the end where that will also be a link
and make sure you subscribe to her
whilst you're over there I guess I love
her very much and I think you will too
oh thanks oh yeah okay don't forget to
give the video a thumbs up if you have
we do list all the things that you
remember from the 90s if you were a 90s
kid because I would love cheering about
that would make us even more nostalgic
so yeah I definitely us in the comments
thanks for watching guys ah we're
recording just shooters hold on yeah I
feel like I'm a bit huh okay yeah what's
number question number number what's
question number i said i gangsta look at
your phone I'm looking at your boobs
question number one favorite Disney film
ready
Jota let's go one Aladdin does something
that wasn't there before
isn't it amazing but I love that bear
the Lord that it is to me how does that
start was like having all these
questions neat design mm-hmm order a few
questions that I need to know
mm-hmm how could you ever hurt me so
also there you have some power that I
remember that in crazy easy what's this
IRRI called that we're now two thousand
year something millennium is that they
calling it the naughties that were they
supposed to call it I don't know Boise
yeah we're in maimana way what's going
on here is it look isn't it fun working
faculty on your TV whoa
finito what that's wrong button HIPPA
boobs and I'm using Mac so sale on
mineralized skin finish with another
Real Techniques brushes to blend on my
face like a brother
no sorry sounds like I'm like I'm like a
your the f1 or something really
Macintosh she's coming up on one minute
left
oh my god Zoe look Brian
