hello everybody today I am going to do a
quick ice a quick it will probably end
up being not very quick at all June
favorites because I didn't do am a
favorite so I'm sorry about that
it's just that during May I didn't
really use anything new and it came to
the end of the month and I was like I
don't really have anything to put in my
favorites and obviously I don't want to
just shove together random things that I
haven't actually really been liking that
much just to make a video because I want
you guys to trust my opinion so this
month I have been loving quite a variety
of weird and random things and have
react chibi loving them so I thought I
would get started and share those with
you I think I don't know if this is a
new ish scent and I think both of these
are slightly different but they work
really well together this one is the
rich and famous shout and body wash and
it is almond oats and brown sugar and
that smells amazing I like this one for
nighttime is not really a daytime smell
and I don't think everyone will like
this because it is quite distinctive and
it's very different and it's not a fresh
scent it's definitely more specific but
I have been really liking that one and
also I have been loving using their
whipped cream I love this so much recent
whipped cream you kind of think of like
actual cream but this is like the most
amazing stuff ever it smells very
similar to the body wash but a little
bit nicer if that's at all possible
because this has the stash eyo almond
and sweet vanilla and it smells
incredible if any of you like pistachio
scents but maybe not pistachio on its
own because I'm not really a fan of just
pistachio I find it quite overwhelming
and overpowering but with the vanilla
and the almond it smells amazing and
also I just find the soap & Glory body
creams really really nice they are easy
to apply really nice texture and they
sink into your skin quickly which is my
must-have in a body cream because I
don't have the patience to sit around
like this before I put any clothes on
because I hate
in sticky especially when it's been a
lot warmer recently so this sinks in
really really quickly and I really like
it and I have been enjoying applying
this I think my skin has too
next up ah the Rimmel apocalypse I don't
know if I've spoken about these yet I
guess they're a lip lacquer so they're
like a lipstick in a liquid form and
they're not really mega glossy I mean
I've got one on now my favorite one
which is Luna and it's just a gorgeous
sort of coral a peach shade and I also
have nude eclipse which is a nude and I
have a red one which is BIGBANG I love
these because I feel like they're a
lipgloss and a lipstick in one and
they're quite long lasting a lot more
long-lasting than a lipgloss would be
because of the consistency of them
they're quite difficult to apply so you
would need to have a mirror handy and
sometimes I find that just slightly
dabbing it with my finger helps as well
but once they're blended into your lips
they look really nice and a really long
lasting and I just think that really
nice I really enjoy these definitely
these three shades I go to these a lot I
also think they're not quite as scary as
an actual lipstick and you can use your
finger to blend them out so they're not
as strong and yeah I just really like
these next up is a kind of two-in-one
job' um I have been enjoying doing my
eyebrows with a 266 brush I was
introduced to this brush by Tanya burr
because I get quite lazy with my
eyebrows I'm the sort of person that
picks up a pencil and just goes wow that
I'll do and then just came through them
and just hope they look okay because I
wrote eyebrows quite a chore and it
pained me if they're not all exactly the
same and I get really frustrated and end
up wanting to just tear my eyebrows off
which isn't really very healthy so she
recommended that I use a 2 6 X brush and
powder to fill in my brows now this
definitely is a little bit more time
consuming but it's also a lot more
precise and I think it gives a better
finish so I've been using that with my
HD brows palette the palette is vamp and
I use it with the
Brown which is a very kind of ashy brown
shade
I definitely don't go for the rich kind
of what's that Brown rich boy is
actually called rich brown losing or
from my Mac palette I like to use
charcoal Brown which is this one here
which is very very similar and going on
the same sort of path I've also been
learning to love my Mac palettes I have
two Mac palettes and I have filled them
both but they always get like abandoned
because there's I always feel like
there's too much choice it's that weird
I come to the palette and I'm like I
don't know which one I'll have therefore
I will put it back and pick up a duo
because then at least you've only got
two colors to pick from and they'll most
likely go together so it's easier and
when you're in a rush you don't really
have time to sit and think oh what
should I do with my eyes today I mostly
just get into a routine and I stick to
my routine which is bad and naughty so
I've been venturing into my Mac palette
a little more and also using the 266 I
have been lining my eyes with powder
rather than liquid liner because I just
think it's a little bit softer for
summer and also I don't know I've just
not been wearing as much on my eyes as I
normally would
and I quite like it next is face masks I
have been loving face masks because I've
not been wearing as much makeup because
it's been super sunny here in the UK at
the moment so I felt like I wanted to
give my skin a breather get a bit of
vitamin D is it vitamin D yeah like
Sunny D Sun and vitamin D Sunny D was
vile to remember sunny do just do have
sunny do I've just been having like
garden days and chill out days where
I've not applied any makeup but instead
been taking very good care of my skin so
I'll come in in the evening and pamper
myself to do that I have been using the
caudally mask peeling enzymatic peel
mask I don't think I've said that right
and zymotic enzymatic peel mask it's a
tiny little tube and so I don't know how
many uses I'll get out of this
but it comes out like a thick white
paste and you apply it to your skin and
I just feel like this is a miracle
worker I don't know what it does I
probably should doesn't say just says
apply twice a week and leave on for 10
minutes then rinse with warm water um
but I think this has really improved the
appearance of my skin I get little bits
of scarring when I've had blemishes and
like spots and things and they normally
take a really long time to fade and I've
been using this and I found that I don't
know whether it's the Sun or not wearing
as much makeup but I find that once I've
applied this my skin just looks ten
times nicer the night after I've worn
this I just wake up I'm like my skin
just looks so much nicer
touchwood I I don't want anything you
know bad happen but I think it has been
because of this also I got this one I
went to Paris from a French pharmacy so
I think you can pick this up online but
I'm not too sure where you can get it in
shops in the UK but maybe for you French
viewers module salut and you might be
able to find this very easily for a
change
alternatively I have also been using
this which is a super facialist by una
Brennen tea flower deep clean pore
purifying clay mask it says a
detoxifying must uncle pores and restore
skin balance this is readily available
here in the UK in Boots and it's also a
lot cheaper than the chordally mask and
I also love this a lot it makes my skin
feel revitalized really clean and it's
one of those muscles i just love to put
on it just it just feels amazing and i
also think this works brilliantly the
two of these mixed together have been
like my skin essentials this summer
thank you do you let me know in the
comments if there are any face masks
that you've been enjoying because i love
to see your suggestions also okay now on
to really random things I've been loving
through g-guess that this has been not a
month for beauty as such mostly a month
for a little weird things that I've
enjoyed doing
or eating which is Golden Grahams now
not many of you will know this I don't
think but uh let's say got rid of Golden
Grahams when I was around 15 or 16 and I
don't know why I even roped to them and
said we're of Golden Grahams gone and
they replied and they were like we're
really sorry there wasn't a high enough
demand and I was like because this was
my favorite cereal growing up I loved
this so much I know they've got cinnamon
Grahams readily available everywhere
I don't like cinnamon therefore cinnamon
grams come nowhere near as close after
Golden Grahams which will always be the
cult classic then about a year ago they
magically reappeared in the shop and now
they're still here and I love them
please don't take them away again I will
not be happy next thing I've been a
little bit obsessed with and when I say
a little bit I mean a lot is candy crush
and I go through phases where I'll be
really obsessed with it and I'll have to
keep playing it constantly until I go
through like 20 levels then I'll have
like a week off at the moment I'm on my
week off but last week I was on it a lot
of the time if you're not sure what
candy crush is it's an app and it's a
game and here it is Oh Louise texting me
saying Skype question mark not right now
I'm just filming a video
see now I'm on level 121 that might not
be very good because some of you might
be on level three hundred and thousand
million or you may have completed it but
this is good for me because I'm above
everyone else I know who plays this game
and that's all that matters I have five
full lives basically what you have to do
is score all the points now this is this
is a timed one so I'm also not going to
win this now and lose a point because
I'm filming and I'm bit gutted I've
clicked at because the times going down
and I'm just filming a video but you
have to you know match them up and then
get stripeys and mix stripeys with
jellies if you play candy
you know exactly what I mean I also find
that it makes me dream of candy crush
and that's when I know I have to take my
break that's why I'm taking my break
from at the moment now I'm going to have
to want to play that after I finished
filming this videos ass good the other
thing I have been obsessed with is being
in my garden one of the types of people
that like to be in the garden a lot
nature people I've turned into a nature
person I went to the garden center and I
bought water lilies to put in the pond
and I also bought for fish and named
them and I like to watch them and make
sure they're still there all the time
every day
I have also this is the most exciting
bit I'm also discovered there is a
hedgehog family living in my garden that
come out every night I discovered this
about four nights ago and I've been
helped every single night since just to
check they're all okay because I feel
like they're now part of my family and
there's the mummy one I think there are
four or five babies and today I
discovered their nest which is the
coolest thing I have ever seen I didn't
mean to I was just going through like
looking because I could hear them and I
was like where are they all so we're
sort of revamping our garden up a bit at
the moment so we're sort of cutting bits
down and I was like all I really want to
find where they live because I don't
want them to get hurt or like therefore
their house to be ruined by us doing
things they guarded so I sort like
peered into this hedge and their nest is
the most amazing thing I have ever seen
I think it kind of goes underground of
it but it's like think of an igloo but
made of moss and grass and twigs it's
like that that goes a bit underground
and then and then at night they just all
come out and just scurry around and
they're not shy and they're not scared
and it's the coolest thing I will never
get bored of sitting and watching
hedgehogs I know I may never make videos
ever again I may just turn into one of
those people that just sits and watches
hedgehogs is that a thing I don't know
if have I made a thing
hmm when it gets to about half nine to
half ten we all tweet me and tell me to
go back inside the house that would be
great like everything I have loved
through June do let me know in the
comments anything you've loved through
June and let me know the most
interesting thing that I have liked that
you have liked from this video that's a
lot of like like like and whilst your
liking click the thumbs up button and
I'll be sure to do more of these or
maybe even slots um watch key extra
videos in during the middle of the week
because I don't do that very much but I
hope you like this as a little bonus
extra and I will see you again very very
soon good bye definitely going outside I
want to see their chalks it's got tiny
little pearls on it and also I think it
would look nice in the colder months too
with a jumper on top and just the collar
poking out so really liked that that was
12 pounds see normally the shirts would
be 8 pounds and they've got up to 12 so
Primark don't get bub yourself
