ah this is hello everybody today I am
doing a video from my garden because why
not it's a nice day there's a car going
past and I can barely see and I'm
probably squinting but it's too nice to
be inside and film and also look at
these lovely flowers my brother is also
lying beside me sunbathing topless so
there's an image for you oh yeah I also
apologize if the Sun goes behind a cloud
every now and then but you know I can't
help the sun and the earth and the way
the world works so sir apologies it's
been a while since I've been into a
Primark shop and the other day I
wondered past and can help but go inside
and this is what happened
dun dun dun therefore today I'm going to
be doing a Primark haul I don't know
where to start so excited firstly since
here in the UK the Sun has started to
make an appearance I decided to get some
shorts pyjama bottoms because I have
lots of trouser ones and not very many
little shorts ones and as it gets hotter
it gets hotter in bed and you just don't
want to sweat because there's nothing
more sexy than that so I've got some
shorts oh they're actually called cheeky
shorts and in a way that's a bit weird
and these were three pounds so I think
they were a complete bargain they
actually also have tops that go with it
but I just wanted the shorts because I
have plenty of pajama tops so I got
those I also picked up these cute ones
with little blue crochet pattern on it
and they were four pounds so slightly
more expensive but I just thought they
were really cute and they're a lot
thinner cotton so nice for the
summertime when the weather is right
when the weather is right and I also
picked up these cute little pack of five
ankle socks and they're all impassible
colors you've got a cream
still blue pastel pink a gray and a
really cute little pastel turquoise
color and I just thought that they'd be
really nice to wear with boots or cute
little heels and to be honest I just
need some more socks as interesting as
that is and these were only two pound
fifty I next picked up these cute shorts
now I have told myself that I'm going to
wear more shorts this summer and not be
afraid to show off a bit of skin on my
legs even though my legs are very skinny
and I saw these and I just thought they
were really nice they've got a little
drawstring with some little silver
things on the end and yeah I just
thought they'd look quite nice in the
summer and I don't know how much these
were because there's no price tag in
there sorry about that
right forget about the price tag okay
but until the cash bag so give me six
strings on my hair spread it you did it
you can go to the garage garage tutorial
- Mindy - every night this is quite
random but I also always like to look in
the little baby section to see if
there's any cute little dresses for
Darci whilst I'm in there and I came
across this cute little dress which I
just couldn't leave on the shelf because
I can just imagine her looking so cute
in this in the garden it's got little
water cans and bumblebees and sunshine
and rainbows and flowers on it and it's
just really super cute and I think this
was six pounds where's the tag gone oh
it says it was eight euros so around I
don't know why would they put euros on
there that's odd I picked up this crop
top because I just thought it was really
cute but I know that this is a very
specific taste and not everyone will
want to wear this on a t-shirt but I
just couldn't resist it's a little pug
on a crop top
not to everyone's taste but I think with
some disco pants or some cute little
shorts that would look really cute in
swimmer and that was five pounds as you
know I love collars and shirts and
Primark had really nice selection so I
obviously had to pick some of those up
the first one is this cute one it's
cream it has short sleeves that are sort
of puffy and it's very loose and floaty
and it has a button at the back and the
collar I just thought was so super
pretty it's got tiny little pearls on it
and also I think it would look nice in
the colder months too with a jumper on
top and just the collar poking out so
really liked that that was 12 pounds see
normally the shirts have be 8 pounds and
they've got up to 12 so Primark don't
get above yourself I also picked up this
shirt which is a three-quarter length
shirt same sort of thing
sleeve here with a little button and
this also has a really cute part up here
and a cute collar again to wear
underneath a really nice jumper so the
collars just poking through or in the
summer just tucked into some trousers
because it's really really light and
that was the game 12 pounds this was one
of my favorite finds because I just
thought it was so gorgeous and something
that you wouldn't normally see in
Primark and that was this dress how cute
is this it has a really pretty color and
it has short cap sleeves and it is
yellow with cream polka dots it is
really really pretty and I absolutely
fell in love with this the second I saw
it because it's such a pretty summer
dress you could wear it with sandals
flip-flops I love it and this was 22
pounds which for Primark is actually
quite pricey it's not pricey in the
grand scheme of things for a dress but
Primark prices have slightly gone up so
I like that a lot next up is another
cute little summer dress and this one is
slightly more formal this has a green
upper part and a sort of beige taupe
bottom part it's very floaty and again
it has a collar shot color and this one
has tiny little pearls on it so I
thought it was really really cute well
the butterfly cured and this was
17 pounds so not too bad for a nice you
could wear this to a wedding even don't
you think Joe with a nice pair of nude
heels next is a really supersoft jumper
I picked this up because it was so soft
and comfy and cozy that I couldn't leave
it and it's a gorgeous blue color and
they had this in lots and lots of
different colors so if this isn't your
color then go and have a little look
because they had loads and this was only
five pounds whilst I was in the men's
section I spotted this jumper which I
fell in love with because it just looked
so retro and 80s I'm not too sure what's
on it it just looks very Saved by the
Bell and it is a men's jumper so I got
it in extra small just to wear sort of
baggy with some leggings and maybe roll
the sleeves up a bit and I thought that
would be quite nice
and that was twelve pounds on two
accessories I have picked up a really
pretty necklace this has squares and
chains and it is in lots of different
metal colors which I like yeah I just
really liked that that was four pounds
and it feels really weighty and just
nice corresponding with that I also
picked up this six pack of bangles which
are also various different shades of
metal so you've got sort of a coppery
rose gold silver tarnished gold and
golden back and they're quite adds
techie and go with a lot the only
problem I have is that now there's a
bird the only problem I have with it is
I have very small wrists so I find
bangles quite hard to wear but these
ones are okay as long as I don't really
do that and then a fly off but most
people don't do that with bangles so it
should be alright they were four pounds
next up I purchased these earrings which
are little black speech bubbles one says
yes and one says no and I just thought
they were quite cute and they were a
pound this time around I really liked
quite a lot of the shoes in Primark
which isn't so good for my back balance
but very good for my feet I really
wanted some sort of brown Buckley
sandals and I'd seen some in office that
I liked but I tried them on I didn't
really like them that much and then I
saw these in Primark and they're just a
sort of tan color and they have gold
buckles down the sides and they were
only twelve pounds and I just figured
they were a bargain and I'm sure I'll
get a lot of use out of these I also
picked up these sandals
which were a lot more glamorous and I
figured I could wear these as dresses or
if I'm trying to look a bit nicer from
going out somewhere really nice and it's
still too hot to wear proper shoes and
these I believe we're 12 pounds or so
small sandals these ones are pretty
basic and I picked these up because they
were reduced to 3 pounds which I thought
was a complete bargain and they've got
tiny little black studs on them and I
just like these for everyday I normally
go out and buy all my sandals from
Primark because I'll wear them till they
completely fall apart and it doesn't
cost me too much money and I can just
buy another pair and when they're in the
sale for 3 pounds you can't go wrong and
black sandals go with everything
next up is a pair of wedges and they are
these black ones I really like these
because actually the heel is not too
high because it's a platform and I
figured that these would be quite nice
for everyday wear I'm going to try to
wear heels on more of an everyday basis
because I'm the worst person I like to
wear converse vans Knight Blazers I just
like to wear really comfy shoes and
sometimes I think Zoe you need to be a
bit more girly and branch out and wear
actual heels so I've gone for these
because they don't look too scary and I
don't think I fall over in them and I
really like them because they're subtle
and they're not too extreme and these
were 12 pounds along the same wavelength
um I know that these were quite the
trend maybe four or five months ago but
I bought a pair and I lost them and I
have no idea where they've gone so I
picked up some more flat forms and these
are the ones with the rounded toe and a
little ankle strap now I don't know if
these will look nice on me or not but I
figured I would at least give them a try
because I think they would look quite
nice with dresses and skirts and even
disco pants actually and again giving me
a bit more height and taking me out of
my comfy trainer zone and these were
twelve pounds is that everything I
literally love everything and I can't
wait to wear it and I hope you enjoyed
seeing everything I purchased and maybe
now you want to go into Primark and
spend your money which I do apologize
for sorry about that also apologize for
the bees the birds the Sun and the cars
and my brother and my brother if you
liked this video please give it a thumbs
up I enjoy shopping in Primark and I
also enjoy watching Primark all
so I hope you do too and I will see you
again very soon
hi sharp Hey huh don't put oil on my
back ladies ah but it's been a long
tough there's a car god be gone cars get
off the road
it's been a while since Oh Europe II is
it near me pretty crochet what's that
called when it's like that
well no Phillies no core game corrugated
yeah no week into the sea corrosion
corrosion oh my god what is it
thanks brother yours there's a bee right
there oh god please out land on my head
can't even ex cry ex crybaby a cage is
an academic that was rare but I thought
nah forget it yo Holmes of bel-air hey
Jay I pull up the cages hit me in the
garden wasn't a good idea to let house
yay-hey-hey purchase these short - what
happened there over my nose up your nose
Oh whip up my nostril yeah and that is a
tractor and four bright orange
I love wait what are you an orange yeah
oh my god it's called Saturday disco
fever well in that case not being window
fever why we still have time I'm rid of
you
