big wheel keep on turning on the ground
man keep on burnin burnin rollin rollin
rollin rollin rollin on a river
definitely good my alley the city I
catch a Manson has now been married over
again but it's a song what does the same
cook verse over and over again don't
make the rules chili dipping song hello
I am here today with Louie oh shit I
don't know why we are going to do a
video showing you our top summer pics so
all the things that we are going to be
loving and using this summer of summer
essentials if you will yeah if you will
have it in this way so are there first
because you just said go first
it isn't I'm beautiful nail polishes
which I picked up say in Boots for Zoey
and they are the a barium nail chalets
because I'm a big lover of barium number
one regular number two I already had a
nail chalet they're good aren't they
yeah and number three so many bloggers
have raved about them so I bought
prickly pear got a nice good green berry
and grapefruit but the thought these
look like nice summer colors and they
will go with all my summer clothes which
are predominantly passes and brights and
they're only 399 each bargain I really
like those highly recommend I've got
some nail polishes as well but what
could it what a surprise
Oh some some oranges um this one is the
one I have on my nails now it was also
in my previous video and the Fuji is a
yeah se Fiji I find that to be really
rubbish well I think I own like it looks
I got a bit of tan on my hands it's very
very Palace and very very pale how many
hosts did you have to go to get that for
to come on June yeah so yeah I've really
been like in fact because it's a nice
pastel as Louise said pustules and for
bright orange
I love wait what are you an orange yeah
oh my god it's called Saturday disco
fever well in that case nothing even
though even why are we so have time I'm
rid of you I really like this one of my
toes that says took the good doctor
all's I got I don't like my past
toes dear no corporate sparkly pink
that's fabulous
I like dark or bright colors on my toes
so highly rate that and then this one I
absolutely love it's from a Birchbox
collection and I got this in a birch box
hmm it's called
Color Club professional nail lacquer and
it's in rain in Spain the rain in Spain
was learning the other plane
it's a gorgeous pasta Lee bright you
know if you could have a neon but like
put a layer of pasta like right yeah
that's what that would be that's why we
like it cuz it's like a mixture for two
which is all and you don't see that a
lot and this is what I have worn in a
lot of my instagrams that I said I've
been loving this mine everyone went gaga
for I did they went Lady gaga I stopped
through Instagram Steve
oh yeah when I puke so my next thing if
this event boosts ml thermal spring
water and in quite a large can this is
only 600 G I bought this today but I did
used to have another can and remember I
use it in labor we've also used it
somewhere while we were away and it was
hot summer in the city yes you spoil our
minds I think so they're so nice I'm not
sure that you should put this on your
face because if he's very watering your
face you're not really doing it a lot of
good but yes you don't got makeup on
yeah if you're out and about an arms on
ridiculous are on your legs okay
Dickie Latasha and it's great so I
bought this waiting full of boiling hot
weather because anything above about 22
centigrade way too hot
can't comb I just get really grumpy she
cold weather not worth being friends
with hey hey this next thing I want to
show you and you is the maybelline color
whispers I love lilies are out here are
they no I'm we got so many I'm glad it
was over any it's so good similar to the
L'Oreal is it caress Chris read they're
the same sort of thing saying yeah so if
you want to get them
they're L'Oreal doing that on a lip
butter yeah there are really nice cross
between the two a hybrid a hybrid and I
really really like these this is the
color forty which is orange attitude Oh
orange so I've been liking that and you
will continue to like it for the summer
month I like orange and summer it's a
summer Iike an autumn and winter is
right right this summer I have decided
I'm going to take better care of my skin
because I've been really naughty over
the last few months and I'm just like
not been doing what I should be doing
I've been using wipes on your hand
no daughter smack me give me your hand
kiss me I bought the Hydra you are on
moisture booster booster with the purest
hi drew hi hi roulette higher unit high
alert hyaluronic acid I'm going to use
this and also are usually going to be
able to use that just cuz I can't say
just making sure you might not be able
to read the direction also I'm going to
try and won't back away from using such
heavy foundations and I'm going to make
more use of my Laura Mercier tinted
moisturizer and has SPS SPF 20 in it
which would be great for the harmful sun
rays wow that was a hard bit to do
louise has really nice skins she doesn't
need to cover it up
she's right this is going to be no
surprise to most of you but it's all
about the salt spray and the messy
beachy waves in summer I don't never
heard you mention that everyday just
saying what I love my use a lot got it
in my hair today just gives a bit of
texture I made Tyler use this he was
most confused did not salt spray was
yeah I just think it's easy like if you
wake up and you want your hair to have a
bit more volume or you want to look a
bit more textured whiteness in give it a
scrunch and you're good to go and also I
think in a summer you've got a lot of
heat on a lot more heat on your hair
than you would any other time of the
year so I think it's good to try and
avoid styling tools and stick to sprays
and the yeah I agree because then your
hair is less damaged I will thank you in
the autumn exactly
other thing is this again I absolutely
love it my
sleep because it's a good hairspray but
also it smells so good let me smell this
let me just don't squirt it up my nose
it smelled like the sound it's also a
nice prayer drink like oh I need that
bad boy which is good for summer and
humidity because me and Louise have the
sort of hair that when you step out on
we don't we most people have the sort of
hair and so forth in this packet we step
out in heat goes a bit frizzy I love it
step out onto the heat head spot my hair
goes not like you're occurring friends
Florida
if you thought any of the locks did you
know my hair was up every day that's
because it was the best thing to do for
the rest of civilization that is true
sorry Jimmy I did have to help you a few
times I've got some clothes to show but
I won't like shamefully I just want to
kind of like point out a brand led to
how to represent a sauce curve and I
have this skirt it's very floral you'll
see it in one of my videos soon
and it's dress I'm sure you've seen on
Instagram are both from a soft curve
which is a sauce but for women and the
size 18 above I think they go to about
size 38 and to help you engage it I buy
the size 18 things so if you're me or
larger then that is going to suit your
sari if you're smaller than me but if
it's any consolation you get all the
high street shops so don't moan and but
they're bringing out some really nice
piece at the moment and they're very
flattering so I've been really enjoying
it was good this dress looks lovely on
you Jenny thank you so much okay I've
been really liking sure who wears short
shorts
I wear short short and I'm a bit scared
to wear shorts normally because I don't
really like my legs all that much you're
amazing like I feel like they're to
stick thin me and Joe both got sticks in
leg syndrome these ones are from River
Island they're high-waisted
and they've got little spots on and
they're like stretchy so like skin-tight
there's a little zip up the back and I
really like these when out on a holiday
they're very short but they look really
cool oh hi wait I would get them halfway
at 1/5 yeah and I also got these which
are high waisted and these are from
American Apparel these are cute don't
comfy like comfy ones and then
these ones were from Zara and these are
just cute little like Cal prim one I've
just been trying to make these work and
this summer I'm just going to think
solder I'm going to get my legs out and
not care
that's why I think in summer I say to
myself well I can't change my body shape
now so I'm just going to embrace it wear
something that I feel nice in nice
people look at you and go oh she's got
funny legs then do you know what to say
what Susie says of Sally says more of
Susie literally bowing that's true so
wear what you want and enjoy life my
last one is accessories and it is a neon
bag I have been wearing with so much and
I've had so many complements in any bag
was it from where is it from accessorize
well not much I won't open it because
it's like full of stuff but it's very
soft
Fila is it leather why don't think so
because it was like maybe it was under
40 pounds so I'd be surprised if I got a
real leather bag more than 40 pounds and
but I've been really enjoying that a lot
and it's you can get a lot more in it
than you think you'd be able to change
us all satchel funnily enough I love the
color you know what it's a bit like this
it is and look at that whoa unmuting and
also the scarf that I got from Monty as
well it just goes everything and it
hides a multitude of sins if you're
feeling at it security much just like
cover up a few bits and bobs it's great
I like that along the same track as you
I also have a fluorescent bag that I
have been loving because as you know and
wear a lot of black and white and
monochrome oh oh listen Oh
so I quite like to break my outfit down
with accessories and I have been loving
fluorescent yellow and this one is from
Zara and it's really cute it has like
three little sections I'm not signing a
zip section I wish that my one Willa tip
section and it's the perfect size too
because I am definitely an over-packer
of the handbag I put too much stuff in
my handbag and then it becomes really
heavy and then I
strokes in one arm and the other arm is
limp because I like Popeye I'm like
Popeye
on one side and then pop I perform
spinach on the other side to see you
love me director you can tuck these in
and have it is like a clutch oh oh so
yeah it's like a little neon bags that
ladies and gentlemen is everything that
we will be using in summer we hope that
this has inspired you in some way do let
me know in the comments what things are
going to be your summer staples because
we're always open to new products
definitely oh yeah oh yeah boy and don't
forget to give the video a big thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and the memory can do
of each season haha
we totally should look like autumn
essentials winter essentials or feature
yeah and we've also filmed a video over
on Louise's channel where we shopped our
stash and pulled out all the things that
we've decided we want to use more so
click Louise now or there will be a link
on the end card and go over and
subscribe and like favorite and share
I'm doing my best friend know I'm your
best friend
thank you so much for watching guide and
we will see you there soon Oh horse
video tick tock tick tick tick do they
do did it did it Oh Chanel so lady tan
Chanel bronze Universal oh oh oh
