hello everyone today I am going to do a
very special video for you I get a lot
of requests for different types of
videos all the time and I do have my
little book with all my lists of videos
that I want to do to make you guys happy
and there is one that stands out among
all the others and I think it has to be
my most requested video ever ever since
the day I started doing videos I've
wanted to do this video but I have felt
very self-conscious a bit scared and I
know there are a lot of people out there
that do these videos a million times
better than I do
but you asked for it so here it is
what's in my fridge joking I'm going to
do my everyday makeup look please
remember that I am by no means an expert
in makeup or an expert in filming
tutorials this is my very first try I
just do my makeup how I think I like it
and I use techniques that I enjoy to use
and that doesn't necessarily mean that
you have to do it this way but this is
just the way I do it and you have asked
me multiple times for me to show you how
I do it so here you go enjoy so here I
am facially naked on the internet
something that quite honestly terrifies
me although I know that not everyone has
perfect skin I'm quite insecure about
mine as I've inherited dark under-eye
circles
yay thanks dad and I also get scarring
whenever I have a spot which tends to
leave me with a few blemishes and a
little bit of redness just pinning up my
hair here so it doesn't flop into my
face so the first product that I am
using is the collection lasting
perfection concealer in number 2 which
is light and I'm just dabbing that under
my eyes which is where my horrid dark
circles are and popping it around my
nose where I've got a little bit redness
and any other areas where I might have a
little blemish or a little pimple
Domino's dunno I did that and that's me
done jokes I'm using the Real Techniques
expert face brush to blend all the
concealer in sometimes I'll actually
just use this if I'm having a good skin
day or if I'm just popping out to the
shops or something because I think that
it's not always necessary to put lots of
foundation on but today I am going to do
the whole hog use a little caution when
putting a brush near your eye it doesn't
look like I'm being very sensible or
careful there but I practiced this quite
a lot after that I'll just use my
fingers to Pat in anything that the
brush may have missed for my foundation
I am using NARS sheer glow I'm having to
mix two colors and not doing it very
well there as you can see because the
lighter shade is a little bit too light
after my holiday so I've mixed the
lighter one which is called Mont Blanc
with the slightly darker one which is
called Santa Fe and it's made a perfect
color I think just dabbing that around
my face bit willy nilly then blend blend
blend blend blend blend blend blend
blend blend blend in like a boss
I like to pop on a bit of Burt's Bees
mango lip balm just so that my lips are
nice and soft or when it comes to
applying lipstick at the very end
because I have a serious complex with my
under eye circles I tend to go back over
them at this point with either benefit
of rays paste or today I'm using the
laura mercier secret concealer in number
two I then go on to use the Laura
Mercier loose setting powder which I've
gotten a separate little kit there and
I'm using the Real Techniques contour
brush which clearly isn't being used to
contour anything to set it because you
don't want your concealer going anywhere
well I don't anyway
this is the stage where I tend to put my
I prime Ron even though I'm not going to
do my eyes mixing up I'm a rebel go
against the rules
this is nas eyeshadow primer and I just
really like it is really easy to blend
and it keeps your eyeshadow on for a
very long time
next up our eyebrows because mine are a
bit sparse and by this point they're
probably covered in foundation so this
is where I bring those bad boys back to
life I'm using the Mac eye shadow in
charcoal Brown and I'm also using the
Mac 266 brush as it's angled and I find
it a lot easier to use this way I find
matching my eyebrows up quite the task
but as one viewer once told me eyebrows
are sisters and not twins next up is my
eyes and for this I'm using Estee Lauder
palette in raisins which I have been
absolutely loving and are applying the
lighter shade all over my lid with a Mac
239 brush a lighter shade is a really
pretty gold with a slight hint of peach
running through it and I just think it's
the perfect color for a neutral everyday
look
using the Mac blending brush in to 1/7
I'm adding the darker aubergine shade to
the outer corners of my eye and blending
it through the crease now I'm going to
be very honest with you here and say
that this does take a bit of practicing
when I first tried to blend I shadowed
into the crease of my eye it went very
very wrong just make sure to apply a
little bit at a time and build it slowly
also feel free to add a bit of dark
brown or black to the very very outer
corner if you want to make it slightly
smoky or a little bit more dark using a
Mac to 1-9 pencil brush I am taking both
colors along the bottom lash line I'm
adding the slightly dug color on the
outer part of my eye and then putting
the lighter color on the inside of my
eye and joining them at the middle for
my everyday eyeliner I'll either use a
liquid liner or mostly I'll just use a
brown pencil and this one is the Mac eye
pencil in coffee and I'll just lightly
draw a line across my top lash line and
meet at my eye lashes and then just do a
slight little flick on the outer corner
just to give it a slight cat eye effect
most unflattering anguilla I'll then add
a little bit of the brown pencil to my
lower lash line then using the teeny
cute little Mac two to eight brush I go
over that and just smudge it I much
prefer this looking quite messy and not
too polished next up is mascara yeah I
don't think eyes really look that
finished until you've done with mascara
I'm using benefits they're real I'm not
usually a fan of plastic mascara
applicators but I actually really like
this one I can't be too sure that I
actually use the right technique for
applying mascara but I just link and
shimmy the brush every now and then and
it tends to work next I am powdering my
face and to do that I'm using the bare
essentials mineral foundation which can
be used on its own but I like to use a
tiny little bit just to set my
foundation and just make my skin look a
lot more alive shall we say and I'm just
using the Real Techniques blush brush to
do this so again not using a brush for
its actual purpose but I have quite a
small face so I find that powder brushes
sort of drown me next step is to contour
and to do that I'm using the Mac 168
angled contour brush and the sleek
contour kit and I just make a saw weird
pouty fish face and it tends to make my
cheekbones stand out a bit more so I can
see where to apply the contour
apparently this is my serious contour
face why so serious
next is my favorite step and that is
blusher I'm using the Mac 109 contour
brush for blusher because it fits on the
apples of my cheeks perfectly and the
blush I'm using is the Estee Lauder
illuminating powder gel a blush in tease
which I believe is limited edition so if
you can get your hands on this I would
highly suggest you do because I love it
so much
now I'm going in with a little bit of
bronzer because I feel like it adds a
bit more dimension to my face and the
bronzer that I'm using is actually an
old Mac mineralized skinfinish I use
this quite a lot it's called so Ceylon
hopefully they'll bring it back into a
collection soon but as far as I know
this was a limited edition and again I'm
using the real techniques blush brush
just to apply that to the areas of my
face where the Sun would naturally
bronze me up this next product is one of
my current favorites I love it a lot and
this is the Mac vanilla pigment and I
apply this to my face with a Mac two to
two brush which is a fluffy blending
brush and I'll just take that and pop it
on my brow bone underneath my eyebrow
and blend it down into my eye shadow and
into the inner corner of my eye now for
the finishing touch
and my personal favorite part of the
makeup it is of course lipstick this one
is a YSL lipstick in number 13 called
peach passion and I absolutely love it
you
I then set my fringe free and there we
go that is my complete everyday makeup
routine so I really hope you guys
enjoyed this everyday makeup look that I
did for you I am by no means an expert
in tutorials I'm not even an expert in
makeup but if you do want me to do any
more of these maybe my red lip look or
maybe a Brown neutrals which I also do
or a brown smokey eye or something then
do remember to give the video a thumbs
up and I will try and do this again for
you
thanks again for watching and I'll see
you soon good bye I'm oh it's all about
you oh that's a lot why do you do this
to me touch it glow my phone's ringing
I'll just put that on silent
Oh kit for you
this first thing will be no surprise to
you because it has a color but it is
this jumper it's pink and gray and has a
little pink flamingo on it this is one
of firms designs I absolutely love this
so much
