hello everyone that's the first thing
you may notice is that I'm a slightly
different shade in skin tone that is
because I went on holiday yeah yeah it
was super nice and super fun and I took
lots of snaps so if you want to see
those link to my blog is in the
description you can go over there but I
want you to watch this video first
because that's cheating and you must
only go to the blog post after you
finished watching this because that is
the role son this is my video so you
have to follow my video rules not a
scary am I know it's been a while since
I did a haul I have been very well
restrained I think you'll all agree
because I am the queen of shopping so I
was contacted the other day by very
doctor at UK which is an awesome
clothing brand online
I actually know about very because one
of my huge style icons is firm cotton I
absolutely love her I love her fashion
sense I love her hair I love she's just
to me she is just one of those people
that I love everything she wears always
and she has her own range and she
designs her own clothes for the brand
which is so cool I actually want to one
day design my own clothing range
I used to design little clothes and
sketches when I was little and they
looked really rubbish but in my mind I
was the best fashion designer in the
world and it would be cool to one day do
that so they don't want to let you know
that but there you go but very
destructed they're very very very very
what I'm saying vary a lot I was
contacted by very and they invited me
down to their showroom in London so I
could actually have a look at all the
new collections I actually got to see
fern Kahn sketches in the flesh which
was super cool she's actually very
talented at sketching a lot more
talented than me probably and I've got
to look through the new collection and I
just had so much fun there's actually a
video of me going there I'm over on the
very channel so
I will leave a link to that below and
also I have something super exciting
because not only did they let me go and
see all the new collections which was
just like a child in a sweet shop but
they are also offering you guys the
chance to have 500 pounds and ferry
vouchers but I will tell you all about
that at the end of the video before that
I obviously couldn't go to the showroom
without coming away with some items
because it's literally like somebody
saying let's go to the cake shop but
you're not allowed any cakes and I I had
to have some things so I'm going to
share with you the items that I chose
this first thing will be no surprise to
you because it has a color but it is
this jumper it's pink and grey and has a
little pink flamingo on it this is one
of ferns designs I absolutely love this
so much I cannot wait to wear this so
soft
I just want to rub my face on this I'm
not going to because I'd look a bit
weird but I just I really like that so
that is my first one flamingo apparently
here's an interesting fact for you when
I concentrate I actually lift one leg
and my brother does the same thing when
we're concentrating on something we lift
a leg like that like a flamingo I've
never noticed it before until someone
pointed out to me and I was like oh what
a weird family we are the next two
things are quite similar but I couldn't
pick just one because I loved them both
so much and they are part of the love
label range hello how cute is this it's
got a double collar top one is gray
bottom one is like a really pretty
Barbie pink and it's just a sheer really
nice loose top sleeveless and then zip
up the back the other thing which I
thought was very similar but was
actually my favorite thing in the whole
of the new collections is this dress it
has the orange color sleeveless and it
comes down like this so it's still like
quite it's got like a how do I describe
its got like a loose bit on top
but then it comes down into a skirt like
this and it's the same pattern as the
previous top that I showed you and the
back has loads of really cute little
buttons I think that this would look so
nice on a night out with some nude heels
this is like wedding appropriate even I
really like this this just stood out to
me so so much and with flip-flops in the
summer I just I super like this so I had
to have that one now something that I
have been trying to do as you guys know
is wear jeans more I recently went
shopping with Tanya burr and I picked up
a pair of baby pink jeans because I stay
very safe with colors you might notice
that I always got to go bright on my
lips and maybe bright t-shirt every now
and then but when it comes to the bottom
half of me I'm very much a darks and
that's about it kind of person you won't
ever catch me wearing bright red disco
pants or lemon yellow trousers but I
have decided to step out of my comfort
zone now obviously if I was going to go
for any bright colored jeans it's gonna
be orange
because as you know orange is my
favorite color but I also think it's
such a nice summery color as well and I
just got Cesar part of the love label
again I think these would look super
cute with this top actually and some
wedges because this top has orange in it
I just I just love these oh so nice the
next thing is slightly more safe and a
lot more night out I'd say and it is
this black play suit cute little short
sleeves and a little ruffle across the
top horizontal no diagonal that's the
one diagonal is hard to see because it's
black but I don't really own a lot of
places think play suits especially like
black or monochrome play suits can look
really really pretty
and because I'm not really a massive fan
of my legs and obviously your legs are
going to be on show because it's a
playsuit I could
always jazz this up with some really
pretty tight so a be some spotty tights
nice pair of black wedges I'm just super
excited to try this out and to wear this
because I think place it's a good
invention until you need to go to the
toilet then everybody hates a playsuit
it's this last thing that I picked out
is not something that I would usually
choose but I wanted to push myself out
of my comfort zone and just go with it
so it has a collar so that's not really
anything new it's a dress it's maybe
blue and it has little mint poodles on
it it also has a cutaway shoulder I've
seen a lot of people rocking cutout
shoulders and I wasn't really too sure
if I could pull that off because I don't
know it just seems like such an odd
concept to me like why would you get rid
of a shoulder but I think in the summer
this would just look really really
pretty and that is everything that I
came away with from very showroom
because I had to be quite restrained but
that will not stop me going on the
website and buying some more because I'm
naughty okay so now for the super
exciting part this is where you guys get
the chance to in five hundred pounds to
spend on the very website five hundred
pounds goes a very very long way and
you've seen some of the amazing things
that I've picked out so maybe some of
those have grabbed your attention all
you have to do to enter is to simply
subscribe to their channel which I will
leave a link to below and leave a
comment on the video on their channel
just saying which was your favorite
piece and that's it I really hope you've
enjoyed this video I had so much fun
going to the very showroom I loved
seeing like behind the scenes of how
things are done and like sketches and
how things go from a sketch to an actual
piece of clothing it was really really
super interesting love you guys goodbye
why do I always wave like such a weirdo
nobody waits like this ah come to the
hotel
baby I'll give you my one key moving
away coming on so cool and I wanna get
super super qe1 old classic oh I my
phone went off
sheesh phone and I don't know if I mics
on
it is it is up one of my huge style icon
uh I can pipe it I come
I would love to design in there down in
the spider and yeah here we go
that's the first one done I like it
and here's me pretending to be a fish
because I think I'm funny but I'm not
really that funny no Zowie no
