hello everyone today I am doing
something that I have never attempted to
do before actually that's all I've
attempted to do this once before but
it's a bit of a fail
it's a tutorial no it's not a face
tutorial just yet although for all of
you that are always asking me I will be
doing one of those so I hope that
brightened your day but today I'm going
to be doing a hair tutorial I'm not just
one but multiple I know that a lot of
you leave comments in my video saying
how did you do that how did you get your
hair like that how did you curl your
hair how do you get your hair to stay
like that how do you do a high ponytail
like that and in all honesty it doesn't
take me very long I am NOT one of these
people that spends a lot of time on my
hair the most amount of time I spend on
my hair is when I actually wash it
because washing it is the biggest chore
ever and I hate it with a passion
because there's so much of it and it
takes me so long to do but today I'm
just gonna go through some of the quick
things that I do when I'm going out or
when I can't be bothered and just really
easy quick ways for you to do your hair
all I've done so far is wash it and
blow-dry it this is what my hair looks
like when I have done nothing to it
apart from blow-dry it I blow-dry my
hair upside down so that I have more
volume in it the shampoo conditioner
that I have used is the TGS factor
smoothing shampoo and conditioner I've
mentioned them in lots of different
videos I love them a lot so let's get
started
it's the first thing I'm gonna do is
this pretty fishtail braid first thing
you need to do is split your hair into
two sections and decide which side of
your head you actually want to do your
plat to be on I've gone for this side
don't know why just felt like it grabbed
one part from one side at the back you
then take it over to the other side and
you do the same thing with the other
side and you continue to do that all the
way down so once again I shall take you
through that as I think I described it
pretty
rubbish grab one part from the back of
the one section and take it over to the
other side and grab the back of the
other section and bring it into the
middle after you've done that
take it from the back bring it to the
middle take it from the back bring it to
the middle take it from the back bring
it to the middle I should definitely be
a hair tutorial commentator I am the
best at it
I thought I'd zoom in and show you a bit
closer so that you could actually see
what I was doing in a lot more detail
and also see how pale my hands are
lovely
it looks very nice if you have lots of
different tones in your hair actually to
do a fishtail braid I'm using a clear
band I think you can get these in most
places just secure it on the end and
then I'm spreading it because I wanted
to look quite wide and then you can
backcomb it a little bit too to make it
look a bit more messy and yeah there we
go that's the first one done I like it
and here's me pretending to be a fish
because I think I'm funny but I'm not
really that funny
no Zoe's no next up is the messy
ponytail whoo ooh
weirdo okay so if this I'm using salt
spray and hair spray that's just a TG
salt spray that I have there I think
it's catwalk and I'm literally spraying
it into the bottom parts of my hair and
scrunching with my hands it's literally
as simple as that I like to do this
because it gives me a lot of texture and
it's so quick and so super easy
I then flip my head upside down you look
a bit mental like that fit mental but
it's the only way to get a big
voluminous ponytail right on top of your
head I always find it leaves it in a
good position when you do it that way
this is where I usually struggle trying
to get my hair through because I have so
much of it if you hadn't already noticed
yep struggling there we go lovely and
then I pull it through mess it up a
little bit more you can pull bits our
movie look a bit more messy and you can
also add a bit more salt spray just to
give it a bit more definition and
texture then go in with a bit of
hairspray I'm using Toni & Guy again I
like Toni & Guy it's good stuff spray a
bit so don't get any flyaways and just
spray the salt spray and scrunch again
and there you go you're all good all
good to go with your high pony and that
takes no time at all
next is the half updo that I do in quite
a few videos so I've got my hair there
you know I should do bits salt spray
spray that in give it a bit of texture
I've already got quite a lot of texture
in it from doing the previous hair
tutorial and then grab a little bobby
pin or a hair grip or whatever you
prefer to call it take one side pin it
up take the other side pin it up I do it
quite messily I'm not too precise with
this because I think the Messier the
better it looks now I don't really have
a name for this but this is what I
generally tend to do on an everyday
basis when I've washed my hair and I
don't really have a lot of time so I'm
using a heat protectant
it's an argan oil one and I'm just
running it through my hair brushing it
in making sure it's all in there because
you have to protect your hair people
you're using heat protect it or it will
be dead and died and damaged then I'm
using straighteners on it yay
these are cloud9 straighteners I've had
them for a long time they are very very
good I highly recommend them I just
straightened down my hair a bit because
after I've blow-dried it
I tend to get quite frizzy hair so doing
this kind of mix a little more sleek and
then I just take the ends and I slightly
curl it with the straighteners just at
the very ends if you've got layered hair
it's really nice to pick out all the
different layers by doing this so you
just take small sections of the hair and
twist it about 180 degrees with the
straighteners just to give it a bit more
definition I would say this is probably
my go-to hairstyle next up is curly hair
whoo I use a mixture of these two things
which is an enraptured curling iron and
again my cloud9 straighteners first
thing that I do with the straighteners
is just do a twist in it this is kind of
difficult to explain so I'm hoping that
just by watching this you kind of
understand
where I'm coming from grab a piece of
hair twist it all the way around the
straighteners and bring the
straighteners down and it gives you
quite a pretty little curl this one is
slightly different this is more for
waves bring it down some of the way turn
it background on itself all the way
background and then go down a little bit
more and then do the same so 360 degrees
all the way back round and down again
and this just gives more of a messy
beachy waves I recently had my hair like
this in a video with Tanya I've done my
whole head this way and it just is just
an alternative way to curl your hair
really I'm doing it again on the other
side
and now I'm doing the other way of
curling with the straightness and now
I'm using the in rapture hair tool which
can be quite scary I must admit it took
me a while to get used to using these
but you clip your hair in the bottom and
twist it up the curling iron like so
don't hold it on there for too long you
know you don't want to break your hair
off just hold it on there until you
think it might be done
well uh curly my hair maybe not touch it
too much either because you might join
yourself
fringe is always tricky always do the
fringe away from your face I think it
looks slightly better that myself I
didn't I won idiot
there we go and then again with the
hairspray just to keep it in place and
there you go okay so I hope you found
this helpful I actually had quite a lot
of fun filming that I think I've pretty
much covered all the hairstyles that I
tend to do on an everyday basis but if
there is anything else that you want me
to try and replicate for you then do let
me know in the comments if you like this
style of video and you want me to do
more things like this then give it a
thumbs up thanks for watching everybody
and I will see you again very soon and
here we have the 18 side pony you all
know that I wear these the most and that
is the Rimmel Kate Moss lipsticks
particularly one 110 which is a vibrant
cherry red and 107 which is a really
deep red really deep dark red I wear
these a lot and I highly recommend them
