hi everyone today I have decided to sit
down and talk to you about my favorite
drugstore / high street as here in the
UK we call it high street and in other
places in the world you call it
drugstore makeup picks there is a lot of
makeup in the world that is a given
you don't need me to tell you that and I
do love my high-end lipsticks and my
high-end foundations but I am also a
massive drugstore girl at heart too
because there are some amazing things
that you can pick up in the drugstore
and I get asked quite a lot by younger
viewers how they could start their
makeup kit or what they could buy when
they go to boots on Saturday or what
they could buy with 5 pounds or what
great drugstore lipsticks there are so I
wanted to help all of you and also those
of you that just love drugstore as much
as I do and share with you all my
favorites I've got them all here in this
makeup bag which I love is it weird that
I like the smell of plastic it reminds
me of the jelly shoes now if you are a
90's kid or maybe even an 80s kid I
don't know when jelly shoes came out but
if you were cool in the 90s you had a
pair of jelly shoes first thing I'm
going to talk about our foundations the
first one that I've purchased a million
times over and over is the remote waking
me up foundation I know there are a lot
of people that love this foundation and
rightly so because it's just brilliant
it has good coverage it's glowy it stays
put nicely it smells delicious not
really a box a tick when you're looking
for foundation but I just highly highly
recommend this the next one that I
really like is the Bourjois healthy mix
serum I have tried the healthy mix
foundation I didn't like it as much I
much prefer the serum I like this on
days where I don't need a lot of
coverage or if you're the sort of person
that just likes maybe something a lot
lighter maybe just to correct a few
little bits or even if you're in school
and you're not allowed to wear too much
makeup this would be ideal and again
it's just a rigid consistency and I
really really liked it next up are
concealers now this is no surprise to
anybody that this is in my drugstore
pics video it is the lecture in a 2000
lasting perfection ultimate wear
concealer actually I think they're now
called collection there's no mm on the
end so there we go this concealer is
probably my tenth bottle I go back to
this over over I like this on blemishes
or under my eyes or days where I just
have a couple of little spots and I
can't be bothered to wear foundation
I'll just pop this on blend it in and
I'm good to go
the other one I've been liking I don't
know why it sounded like that is the
Maybelline fit me concealer I really
like this concealer it's a lot more
moisturizing than the collection
concealer but it is also a lot lighter
it's not as highly pigmented but I have
bought three of these and I will
continue to purchase it I just feel like
I always must have two concealers I
don't know why it's odd okay the next
thing I'm going to talk about is blusher
now there are many brands that do
blushes in the drugstore but there is
always one that comes to my mind if
somebody was to say to me I need a
blusher I've got five pounds to spend
where can I get the best blusher I will
always say sleek sleek do the most
amazing blushes ever the sleek brushes
are super cute they come in loads of
different colors nice little handbag
size and and that the one thing that
makes me love them the most is that they
are so pigmented I really like this one
which is the trio called lace because it
has like lots of nice summery colors
there's a coral shimmery and also a very
pinky peach coral I have loads of these
and my collection will continue to grow
because I just reach for them a lot more
I actually own more sick brushes than
Mac brushes I'm not massive Mac blusher
fan
sorry Tori Mac lovers out there whose
hearts I've just destroyed but sleek all
the way for cream blusher I've gone for
Revlon Photoready and this
is in the color pinched which is just
this gorgeous peachy color I really like
these I think they're really nice
consistency and they just blend really
nicely on the face I'm not a huge fan of
cream blusher but if you are and then I
would highly recommend these or
alternatively the Topshop ones are also
really great the next product is bronzer
now I don't know too many high street
brands that have an amazing bronzer that
I know a lot of people that use apart
from the bourgeois chocolate bronzer
which I know loads and loads of people
use but shop horror I have never tried
it so the ones I am going to show you
are the sleek again face contour kit
this I use probably every single day it
has a nice big dip in it but it's still
not yet touched pan and I think this is
purely because it is so pigmented and
there's also a highlighter on the other
side so you've got a two in one there
and that was a pricey at all the other
thing which I don't even know if they
still make anymore because this is
pretty old I've had it for quite a long
time is the berry M natural dazzle
compact just natural bronzing powder and
it looks like this I remember when this
was the craze and everyone was like it's
so much like nos it's really not like
nas it color wise package wise yes it is
quite similar to NARS pigmentation wise
again quite similar is really nicely
pigmented but it also is quite a nice
cheap bronzer so check those out if you
need a bronzer highlight is definitely
the mimimi beat the blues highlighters
these things are incredible massive
massive benefit dupes a lot lot cheaper
you've got Sunbeam and Moonbeam and
they're just really nice liquid
highlighters I like to use it under the
eyebrow on the cheekbone Gala Center the
nose anywhere that you want to
accentuate or brighten and yeah I just
really like these they're cute and I
like them already
they're nice okay moving on to eyes I
love these are lot so so much they are
the maybelline 24 hour color tattoos or
color tattoo 24 hour
and cream eyeshadow faces basically I
have got them in the colors permanent
taupe and on and on bronze
these are my favorites you know I'm a
Naturals girl I love natural colors I
like to put these under eye shadow or
sometimes if I'm in a rush or I only
want like a bit of a wash of color I'll
pop these on the eyelids and just leave
them and they're handy and so so perfect
and also they look really nice under the
bottom lash line as well they are not
pricey at all and I would definitely
extend my collection if they brought out
more neutral shades eyeshadows there are
a lot of different eyeshadows again so
many to choose from I know that soap &
Glory have a really nice neutral palette
with just four colors which if you're
looking for something like that would be
perfect for you to start up but also
back to sleek again I do like sleek
their palettes are also incredible you
get a big mirror and you also get twelve
eyes shadow is a mixture of mattes and
shimmers and light colors and dark
colors and you're pretty much set if you
get this to be honest I use this a lot
as you can see by its horrible mess it's
just well loved eyeliner this is my
go-to Holy Grail eyeliner I always use
this one for my cat flicks or winged
eyeliner and it is the L'Oreal super
liner in perfect slim I did used to love
the L'Oreal carbon gloss I'm pretty sure
they're discontinuing it so I've moved
on I've left that one behind and I've
gone for this one which is pretty much
the exact same but less liquidy I know
that won't make a lot of sense to some
of you but this is just foolproof it's
basically like a felt tip just go like
that
got that join that was the most useless
demonstration of me trying to tell you
how to do a winged eyeliner look mascara
wise I am loving Maybelline the falsies
volume Express it's not clumpy
it but it is quite heavy but if you do
want a more natural look I also really
love the number 7
exquisite curl mascara I don't actually
have one at the moment I need to go out
and buy one but that was pretty much my
2012 staple I wore that mascara to death
and I still love it and I would still
recommend it to anybody who wants fuller
longer non-clumping pretty and quite
natural looking lashes brushes now I
know that not everybody wants to use
brushes to apply their makeup I have
loads of different makeup brush brands
that I love to use in fact I think my
brush collection is slightly out of
control
I must restrain myself I don't know why
I just love buying new brushes so the
ones which are the most easy to get hold
of and also amazing quality are the Real
Techniques brushes some of these are
dirty and some of these are clean these
are the two that I use on an everyday
basis at the moment I don't think I use
this for contour and blush and I use
this one for my foundation this one is
the expert face brush this one is the
blush brush and this one is the powder
brush and this one is the contour brush
which I like to use for concealer just
armed here and under here and little
bits if I'm not going all out with
foundation I'll just use this to buff in
some concealer I just really like these
brushes they're easy to get hold of they
work super well and they just tick all
the boxes for me so really like those
okay last thing is lipstick now this was
terribly hard as most of you all know I
have a slight addiction to lipsticks I
own way too many so when it came to
picking my favorite drugstore lipstick
that was very hard but I think you all
know that I wear these the most and that
is the Rimmel Kate Moss lipsticks
particularly one 110 which is a vibrant
cherry red and 107 which is a really
deep red really deep dark red I wear
these a lot and I highly recommend them
they're great pigmentation they last a
long time they're cheap I just really
really like these alternatively if
you're not a lipsticks person
you prefer something a lot softer there
are the things like the Revlon lip
butters love these again this is orange
because I like orange if you haven't
guessed already and they're just a lot
lighter on the lips and a lot more barmy
and also the maybelline color whispers I
don't know if these are out in the UK
yet I got this from Florida but these
are similar to the Revlon lip butters in
a sense that they're not massively
pigmented and they're really glossy and
they have like a really high shine and
they just really pretty if you're going
for a more subtle look and I just ruined
that by switching it in the corner of
the lid so those are my top drugstore
slash high street makeup picks I hope
you enjoyed this video if you want me to
do a top higher end brand picks do let
me know and I'd be really interested to
know what you guys love from the
drugstore too because I am always in
there snooping around for new products
to try so leave those in the comments
and I'll be sure to read those don't
forget to give the video a thumbs up I
think I already said that did I I don't
know I'll see you very very very soon
goodbye I have the loads of these I have
the loads of these I hate my hair today
favorite book oh crap
and I just really got rid okay so that
if everything done right be walls alway
spit spin universe oh my whoa a bit
oh quit
used to you can't let the backgrounds
away
oh that's the ferritin this annoying
film ever to touch mute tips of babe I'm
gonna Michael see you anon off
Joey respondent on you
one day ball another day another destiny
I'm trying to film core never-ending I
try to film you go away get away get
away
next to England India no next to England
Isle of Man Northern Irish yes
