take seat hello everyone hi
oh you introduced about hello
yeah that's better I am here today with
Marcus Butler ah we've moved in ages
years yeah I'm not even know new years
but we're not filmed eight years okay so
because you guys loved our accent videos
so much even though we've already did a
really crap job I'm sorry I probably did
a really crappy job we wanted to do
something else with axes for you but we
wanted to do something a bit different
this idea is from Ellen so we're not
saying this is our idea The Ellen Show
but just not just cheers for the idea
Raylan we've each got a selection of
different accents as quickly as possible
we have to get through all our accents
by holding them up so we can't see what
the accent is ourselves but the other
person has to do the action I just have
to get very good brace yourselves
hey first one upside down door guard a
pirate compiler fire siren oh it's just
a lot more soft like that's kind of flat
like where ish what kind northern Yemen
oh my god I can't believe if it's so
stupid get out of town boo
Scout yes cows right from reindeer we've
got like this cannot set it's a bit like
ah it's quite hard to understand what if
your mom around here no no it's a lot
more specific not so a lot more specific
yeah ah doc come with me I show you
bathroom um Nick good yah German yes a
bit so I mastered and it's a yeah okay
so it's like real like chill like oh my
god
I'll call specific type do yeah oh my
gosh yeah yeah yeah like that I don't
know is that California Oh
some meatballs are some flat pack
furniture it's what we all need yeah
flat back furniture what that furniture
and meatballs sweet on nothing but you
just bass not back here oh yes oh you
like my flowers I get them from from
France French we have big country Russia
no the response was no oh you know it's
very it's very specific I don't know if
I do it right bad China
listen right this language is quite
specific
I think if um do you know if the other
one I'm talking about answer yeah trees
are green I'm enjoying life everything's
so great I don't know it it sounds
different from another country it's
quite near it Australia no lie the truth
agrees there's a lot of trees in this
country with a lot of New Zealand yeah
just quickly if it's at the right way no
oh wow that's not the first one is it no
it's the no it's not a shop about the
first one ah yes
do you like the door it is a very nice
door do you want to come inside the
better one all right oh yeah
oh do you want to come to the beach each
day what I gotta say
don't know how they really sound in
English yeah yo let's go get some coffee
- I can't do this can I give us come on
yet yes down in the valleys well Oh as
if how I got this one hello I have a
country in Europe somewhere in Europe
and I know how we actually speak so it
sounds like a bird some time like a bird
like a chicken chicken what noise the
chickens me oh oh man we speak northern
know what I think about that's right go
Iranian yeah they drink a lot oh man I
got like honestly Hardy's accent um
Geordie yes it's Jordi Jordi sure why I
that's it yeah the rune debate you want
to go oh he said the way give me dude
I'm taking all the tips from the last
video
- like this you wanna come down to poke
go get a beer
I think that is Yorkshire brewery my
name's Marcus and I'm from a little
country next to England India no next to
England Isle of Man Northern Irish yes
upside down do you want to come into my
bedroom and look and film a video with
us so you want to go outside look at the
weather the weather I know it is Indian
you like to make sure Irish in your
Indians date is a human that me join on
it me they have you know confidence it
leave a comment down below if you think
I won all you comment down below you
think I won if you enjoyed this do you
remember to give it a thumbs up and we
can possibly do more accenting things in
the near future
because we're so great I think I wish
the video of me teaching you and
training you have to be as good in time
to that yeah not actually be a very
funny video also filmed a video over on
Marx's channel so do click his face now
to go and watch us get a little bit
messy but we did them very beautiful and
don't forget to subscribe Tim whilst
you're there
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed the video and we will see
you very soon
oh my okay let's wait believe you are
and just stay there probably go hug it
