hello everyone today I am going to do a
slightly different video to normal I
made this panic attack video this one
here um quite a while ago my feedback
that I got from it was in sane there
were so many of you that emailed me
wrote comments to me thanked me so much
for doing that video and I was just a
bit like whoa I knew that I had done it
just to help like a couple of you maybe
so many of you still to this day say
that it's your favorite video that I've
ever done because it helped you
understand or helped you understand
someone else or it just made you feel
like you weren't alone and having 1.1
million of you that have subscribed to
my channel I figured things like this
could help quite a few people out and
even if it only helps one of you then
I'm happy so as I briefly mentioned in
my panic attacks video I started to take
a completely different outlook on my
life that sounds very dramatic I don't
mean it in a very dramatic way I just
mean that I became a very isolated and
negative person and I know that a lot of
you that may suffer with depression
anxiety panic attacks
feeling lonely feeling isolated or even
if you're just down about something in
general in your life you'll get stuck in
like this no mood like you don't want to
do anything you don't want to see anyone
it got to the point where I was just
like I cannot continue to be like this
it's draining to be so down about things
and it's draining to feel like you're a
former shell of yourself you feel happy
about the things you used to feel happy
about you don't spend as much time with
your friends anymore you don't do the
things that make you happy anymore and
that's what I was just like I could
continue feeling this way and not
noticing anything getting better or I
can start saying yes to things and see
where they take me the only way that you
can step out of the horrible little box
of badness is to push yourself and to do
more things this is the whole point of
this video is for me to say to you you
can do it just push yourself and just
say yes I did a whole blog post on this
and also that had amazing amazing
feedback so this is why I wanted to make
a video based around the same subject
it's quite a weird thing to talk about
because
then like the panic-attack video I feel
like this is like mix posing myself to
you and now there's a lot more of you
than there were when I did the pack tech
video so it is kind of scary but I just
want this to help some of you and also I
want to share my experience with you so
that you can say you know what it worked
for her I'm going to give it a try it
started off with my brother having a
spare to get to reading and normally I'm
not a festival person at all and I said
yeah I saw one of my favorite bands
there because they were playing that day
which was to Door Cinema Club loved them
and I had an amazing amazing day and I
was like whoa I actually didn't have a
panic attack and that gave me a massive
surge of confidence because I thought if
I can do that and have an amazing day
and make new memories then I can do
other things and create even more
memories so then I kind of snowboard I
then decided I would go to a YouTube
network party in London going to a from
London used to be the biggest most scary
hurdle for me so I just used the method
of avoidance which doesn't help you now
if you just put that out there I thought
right what's the worst that could happen
I'm gonna see if I can get there then
I'm gonna meet Louise and then we're
gonna go to this party I don't know
anyone else who's going I'm just gonna
go and try and have a good time like a
normal person I say normal person
because I know that if you relate with
me you will feel that you are not normal
but we are we're all normal it's fine
I'm thinking wow this is like so rare
for me to actually you know be in London
at a party having a nice time
meeting new people and that's where I
met all my new friends all my new
YouTube friends more recently I went on
an airplane in the first time in seven
years and it wasn't because I was scared
of flying I'm not scared of flying I'm
not scared of aeroplanes I was just
terrified to be out of my comfort zone
to be doing things but I've not done
before to go to a country that I've
never been to before to be stuck on an
aeroplane for for eight hours and it
wasn't easy but I also didn't die and
nothing really bad happened and I didn't
have a panic
and because of that my confidence whilst
in Florida was sky-high because I was
like throw anything at me I can get on a
plane saying yes to things brings so
much more opportunity as well as
boosting your confidence and making you
feel like you can do things I even have
a bracelet that says yes on it because I
want it to be like a permanent reminder
that you can say yes to things and you
never know what opportunities it will
bring you you never know who you're
going to meet you never know what could
come out of saying yes but you do know
what will come out saying no and that's
feeling even more crap about yourself
feeling like you can't do things feeling
like you're not normal at least if you
push yourself you're going to experience
new things and even if you fail
sometimes at least you're trying
obviously the severity of whatever's
holding you back will determine how easy
this is for you this wasn't easy for me
I would never sit here and say saying
yes to things was really easy and now
look at me yeah I can go to things and
that is not the case there have been
times where I've said yes and thought no
that didn't work had a major freakout
but at least I tried like at least I
know I went and I tried if any of you
are stuck in that little box with
negativity and you need to branch out of
it NCS provides you with amazing
opportunities you can build new
friendships build confidence boost your
self esteem and it's just an overall
really amazing thing for sixteen to
seventeen year olds to do with the
summer and their whole message is based
around saying yes and it all starts with
yes so it fits in absolutely perfectly
with the message that I'm trying to send
to you guys if you'd like to find out
more about NCS and subscribe to their
YouTube channel I'll leave the link in
the description box and you can go over
there and you will see my good friend
Jim Chapman interviewing rudimental
backstage which is super cool and he did
a very good job I think you'll agree I
wish that I was aged 16 or 17 so that I
could go and I could join in with you
guys but I am really involved in NCS and
I think it's a great great opportunity
for you so do check that out please just
remember that
yes to one small thing can lead to a
whole other world of opportunities
friends involvement in things that you
never thought you'd get involved in and
it's exciting and I think it all starts
at the word yes like you will never go
backwards you will only ever go forwards
I would always suggest like keeping a
little journal maybe put a little
padlock on it keep it safe from
everybody just keep it as like your
personal journal and I would write down
on the back pages everything that you
want to achieve in your lifetime in a
month in a year it's completely up to
you
and then every time that you've said yes
to something that you wouldn't normally
say yes to or you've pushed yourself a
bit or you've done something that scares
you a little bit just make a note of it
and write about what it was how you
don't how you felt afterwards and then
if you keep a little note of all the
little things you've done and you're
having a low day or a low moment you
just flick through and be like oh yeah
see I can do it and then once you've
started doing all the things on the back
page you can just cross them off and be
like yep yep yep and you can just watch
your confidence just bash through the
roof there is no roof but if there was I
bash through it so if there is anything
getting you down or you just feel very
insecure you don't have much
self-confidence you have really low
self-esteem just step out of that a
little bit and just appreciate that not
everyone is perfect and nobody has the
perfect life and everyone has their
flaws all the things that they're not so
good at and the things they'd love to
change about themselves I have loads of
things I would have to change about
myself the amount of people that leave
comments saying you're so perfect I'm
not perfect nobody is perfect there are
things I would change about myself in an
instant but if we all sat and thought
about those things we would all be so
depressed and sad and we wouldn't be
enjoying life and just doing what we
want to do and I think it's just about
taking all those negative thoughts and
just bashing them away and just thinking
no this is my life I'm gonna make the
best of it and I'm going to do as much
as I can to have the happiest time and
for everyone around me to see how happy
I am and to just get involved with
things but I want you to take from this
video is to think
over the next couple of days over the
next few weeks months even the next year
I want you to say yes to more things and
I want you to leave them in the comments
and I want you to let me know what you
said yes to because I'm really
interested to see how this video might
make a difference in your life and if
it's helped you and what it's helped you
achieve because that will just make me
feel all warm and fuzzy inside it's
difficult it's not easy nothing happens
overnight but you will start to enjoy
life more the more you choose to do and
the more you say yes to things and I
just think it's important that we make
the most of it because we're not around
forever unfortunately and that's a bit
depressing but you know it's a fact no
one lives forever and less like you're
Dumbledore and then he didn't last
forever either so that's kind of
pointless unless you can drink magic
water that makes you live an eternity
but even then that would be really
depressing and not so great so we all
get one life and let's just make the
most of it I hope this video has helped
you in some way I want to read your yes
stories I'll also leave my yes blog post
below and yeah yes yes yes yes just say
yes leave any of your experiences bad or
good in the comments and we can all
discuss it like a big group of friends
because that's what we are and now I'm
giving you all a big hug please be
sensitive to other people in the
comments let's all get along let's all
just boost each other and help each
other out please give the video a thumbs
up if it's helped you if you've liked it
if you've said yes to things in fact say
yes to giving this video a thumbs up
that's the first stop I love you all
millions and millions and I will see you
again very soon
you
