hello everyone it feels like ages since
I have sat in a chair in my bedroom to
speak to you because I've been all over
the place and I've got hair in my mouth
but it is May which means one thing and
one thing only apart from the fact that
there is a bank holiday and I'm sure
lots of birthdays and exciting things
happening in May and if it's your
birthday happy birthday got on a
complete tangent April favorites time I
have got some beauty favorites and some
very random favorites at the end of the
video to share with you because I love
muddy favorites because I am a nosy
person and I like to see what everyone
else has been loving so if you're a nosy
person and you're watching this then hi
nosy person kicking off of the first
product is the Moroccan oil I am late on
the bandwagon with this one
everybody has raved about this one time
or another I put this in the ends of my
hair as you can see I have dyed the ends
of my hair blonde which you know isn't
very healthy so you have to maintain it
well and I've been applying this oil
only a tiny tiny bit to the tips of my
hair and it's been damp or wet and then
blow-drying as normal I just feel like
it makes it softer and look a lot more
healthy plus I have had a lot less split
ends since I've been using this and
although it is kind of pricey a tiny bit
goes a very very long way so thank you
hairdresser for telling me to buy this
and using this on my hair and persuading
me that it's actually amazing because I
agree with you it is really really good
ok pirate number 2 is aya derma again
very late on the bandwagon with this one
I've been quite happy with my Tosh
cleanser which I've mentioned in
previous videos but I recently went to
Paris and obviously I went into city
farmer which is the drugstore pharmacy
over there in Paris and it was mayhem
that is a whole other story but
do you have a blog post with some Paris
pictures so I leave that below just a
little poke there I didn't go for the
massive hefty big bad boy I went for
this or medium sized or try out and see
what it's like I really really liked it
I also bought a teeny tiny mini one for
travel and and I've used all of that up
but I'm going to get the bottle because
it's really cute and then I can pour
this in cleansing your eyes is really
vigorous like I don't like to do too
much around my eyes because you know you
don't wanna lose eyelashes unless that's
you know you don't mind but does anyone
ever do that thing we use an eyelash you
make a wish yeah I don't want to end up
doing too much of that although which is
a great I'd like to keep my eyelashes on
my eyes so a bit of this on some cotton
wool pads hold it on my eyes for about
1020 seconds and then just go whoosh and
it comes off really nicely I shall keep
putting you to the test the next product
is something that I bought with Louise a
while back I think that's when we went
to Liverpool and we popped into John
Lewis and obviously had a little snoop
around the makeup counters and it was
this Oh open it up
Estee Lauder blush slash highlighter
I've pretty much worn this in my past
two videos I wore this in the video with
Tanya and I know that a lot of people
are like what are you wearing on your
cheeks and it's this it's called T's and
it's a gorgeous baby pink and it's
shimmery so when you wear on your cheeks
you just look really I don't know the
word for it apart from healthy and like
glowy and just I don't know I feel like
my face isn't complete without this and
I've become a bit addicted to it and I
love it I actually love it if you do
spot it get it now because I think it
could be on its way out if it was
limited so yes buy it it's gorgeous I
love this a lot and I have been wearing
it every single day through April the
next thing is a purchase I made with
Miss Tanya burr and it is the vanilla
Mac pigment I don't own any Mac pigments
I know that I have a lot of Mac makeup
and I'm
make fun of the eyeshadows and I finally
kind of odd that I've never picked up a
pigment but we were shopping the other
day and she said you've got vanilla
pigment right and I was like no and um
she's watched on her hands are so good
it's beautiful
I am like a magpie to highlighters I
just love them I feel like they really
transform your face and they can make a
dull complexion look a million times
more vibrant and I just feel like I look
a little nicer with a bit more dimension
to my face
ah don't spill I like to wear this
underneath my brow bone which is what
I'm wearing today and in the inner
corners of my eyes
I have also worn on my cheekbones
occasionally just using a fluffy
blending brush so I've been really
really enjoying that the next product
this is a eyes shadow primer I'm not
sure if I've ever mentioned this before
but it is my favorite eye shadow primer
and it is the NARS smudge proof
eyeshadow base I've used the Too Faced
shadow insurance and the Urban Decay
primer potion and both are great but I
find this is nicer to apply because it
almost just once you apply it to your
eyelids it just sinks in and just
mattifies them and there's no like you
can't see it it's like invisible on the
eyelid and I feel like my eyeshadow
looks great and stays put and doesn't
crease and I I just like this a lot it's
a much lighter primer than others that
I've used ok the next product is a
product that I found whilst I was in
Boots and it is the model's own nail
polish in grape juice which is not just
any normal nail polish oh no this smells
like grape juice I can't say I've ever
squeezed a grape and smelt the juice
from a grape but it smells like Sun
cream when you're about 4 you know what
the scented Sun creams that smell like
grapes I don't know if any of you ever
had that but this is what it smells like
and you can scratch the top and
melih oh it smells so good have to admit
you don't really smell it a lot whilst
it's on the nails but it's a really
pretty color they have a whole range of
pastels the reason I found this was
because I picked up an Essie nail polish
which was this exact shade I kid you not
for eight pounds then I found this which
smart like grape and was five pounds so
it was the bargainers choice and I
really liked it so onto the really
random favorites firstly I'm going to go
with this one because it's melting now
you're all getting worried it is a
normally bubbly now if you're not from
the UK or you have never heard of these
they're an ice lolly nestle ice cream no
artificial colors or flavors great yeah
this is what it looks like it's covered
in lots of hundreds and thousands which
is stuck onto the ice cream with a layer
of chocolate underneath a layer of
chocolate is a layer of strawberry ice
cream and in the middle of the
strawberry ice cream is a bit of
chocolate ice cream
oh no yeah that's definitely just melted
onto me all right I love it up it mmm
I feel like this is some sort of weird
like seductive ice cream advert like
seductiveness over its Malcolm okay so
if you think that was really random
the next thing I'm apt to show you is
next level weird slash random it's my
electric flosser
and I say electric I don't know if this
is actually electric you turn it on like
this
so I'm guessing so and you charge it I
do have a story behind why I purchased
this I was buying heads for my electric
toothbrush from Amazon and this came up
as a recommended product you know the
bit at the bottom where it's like buy
this Plus this
for this much and I was like oh that's
kind of this you know it's cheaper as
discounted and I have to admit I am a
big teeth cleaning person I'm a bit
obsessed with having nice teeth which
could account for the fact that so many
of you are like how do you have such
nice white teeth and on how you get your
teeth so white I'll just like to look
after my teeth is that weird
I don't know I like dental hygiene yeah
okay yeah that sounds a bit weird one of
the things I get very very lazy on is
flossing my teeth now I know that the
majority of you sat there probably don't
floss your teeth because let's be honest
after you've brushed them for two
minutes then use mouthwash and you're
running out the door and you're already
late you're not going to start getting
your floss out and going between each
tooth sorry so this is where I'm I
decided with the help of Amazon that
this would be a grand idea I'll be
honest I didn't know how it worked it
just looked really cool and also easier
than floss I'll just demonstrate it's
probably not a good idea
what happens is water comes from from
here and shoots up here with a gush of
air when you press this button down and
it shoots out this little nozzle and you
hold this it gets your tea
what it makes me job every single time
yeah I really am doing this on a YouTube
video but if you're weird like me and
you like dental hygiene maybe you'll
find
interesting um or maybe you'll think I'm
a bit weird and I've just wasted my
money on something ridiculous
either way it's so fun the next thing I
have been really loving which I don't
have an example of anywhere to hold to
show you is a TV series which has
unfortunately come to an end and now I
don't really know what I'm going to do
with my Monday nights if you follow me
on Twitter you will know that every
Monday night I went a little bit barmy
over a program called broadchurch here
in the UK which is a murder drama
mystery murdered type series you can
watch online so if you're set they're
going ear what's the point is finished
you can't watch online it is there for
your enjoyment I don't watch out of TV
I'm a youtuber I love everything YouTube
I sit and watch YouTube for hours and
hours and I forget what TV is because I
just don't really watch it a lot if I
have spare time I'm straight on it on
the internet and I watched the first
like f 2 episodes that have been on
because I've not seen them and after
that I was hooked and I was like what I
need to watch the next one right now
every Monday night I was there at my TV
at 9 o'clock ready to watch and I'm not
like that with anything please watch it
because the last episode is just amazing
I'm not going to say what happens in it
because that would ruin the whole point
of me mentioning this in my favorites
but if you're looking for a new series
to watch or you want something really
cool and interesting and fun and just
amazing
then find it online and watch it ok a
last thing which is going to be a music
favorite is bass still I love bass still
a lot and I've been listening to the
album a lot a lot
my two favorite songs are floors and
Pompeii and if you don't know who they
are do give them an iTunes search and
the album's a great one for summer I've
been listening to it with the sun's out
just drivin along like just it's just
a really nice feel good album we don't
like that sort of music that's fine but
you know this is my favorite so I'm
gonna just throw out that right that's
it that's all my April favorites weird
TC things makeup.you things music things
the lot I hope you've enjoyed this video
do you remember to give it a big thumbs
up where my thumb's like bent what on
earth and I will love you this much
goodbye
why do I always say goodbye like a
lunatic but I can I love monkey favorite
videos because
that was a car to lock my Chewie cool if
you've seen his videos you'll know
exactly what I mean
so back that are all my favorite shiny
yellow Ian's he make something sunshine
lollipops and rainbows everything that's
wonderful nurse joy
