let's do this oh yeah yeah I kind of
happy buddy hello
I'm here with Tanya burr look we're in
Tanya burr background
so because I'm at Tanya's this means I
have come all the way to Norwich yeah to
spend some time with my favorite people
Jim and Tanya yay yeah so basically I've
been really sad for so to come today and
I couldn't wait to take her shopping
because even though Norwich isn't the
biggest town of all um it has a headshot
that's quite nice shopping so I would
agree it's a nice little place Christmas
might relax
yeah it's nighttime so it definitely
doesn't have as good shops and say
London or anywhere like that but it's
just quite a nice relaxed place special
thing so that's what we did that is what
we did we have filmed all the beauty
items that we bought over on Tanya's
channel yes I will be putting a link to
that at the end of the video and we're
now going to show you guys all the
flashy new things we bought where do we
go first okay where did we go for went
Topshop Topshop yes so you may have
noticed that my favourite colour at the
way this is bright bright yellow cozy
company I literally think I was the one
you have on now yeah I think I just
touched your breasts I'm very sorry
about that
yeah yeah you feel sunshiny yellow and
he makes my thing sunshine lollipops and
rainbows everything that's wonderful is
are we a different fart but everything
that's wonderful is sure to come your
way again that's how I feel when we're
together
brighter my mother penny the other
doesn't attend I'm not feel so fine just
to know that you are buying
oh sure this one first this is such a me
t-shirt because it's just ridiculous and
baggy I wear baggy t-shirts all the time
because you look so good in leggings and
she's wearing the brown leather leggings
it's like I'm a cat I'm in today with
and you get anything out
shop I haven't tried this on yet really
and I think it will look pretty nice but
I kind of suit peplum style because it's
got 20 little wait wait wait so-and-so
teeny but you're gonna normally like my
waist is my part I would like to
accentuate and say peplum stars are
really really good if you're a bit
curvier and yeah this is it I love the
color of it I love the color so much and
on the back it has a cute little opening
and then this is it and this is one of
those weird makes this isn't just
Topshop it's like it was like I make in
Topshop bulgy bulgy sounds like Wally
the film yeah well I picked up this crop
top yeah I'm scared crop tops because I
because I've got a read tiny tummy and
like a little waist and most people
would be like oh I love having a small
waist I don't like having small waves I
always think they're looking at me like
she's so skinny so I don't like to like
accentuate it but you wanna be yeah time
I wasted yeah I wear them I wear these
like high-waisted skirts uni actually
show like half an inch of your stomach
so you don't like oh yes Mike yeah
probably I can belly belly dance for
anything not like that you just show
tiny bit than you wear a high-waisted
skirt if you weren't quite a poofy skirt
I think create on you yeah we've got one
of these and I love these these are
Rises they're soft
- but I love trials like this for the
summer just with like little flip-flops
and then baggy t-shirts tucked in like
those fitted t-shirts and then I know
you didn't really suck to something /
and I just bought this really loose like
even this would look quite nice with the
trouser oh my gosh I have this neon
orange and I would look nice trouble
bikinis and bando tops as well yeah oh
oh this is big bag oh I got a little bag
using Zara I bought rest because I have
a party coming up I need a nice dress
for and so I went in there thinking I
would like a dress and came out with a
dress so now I have some green this
dress is really happy and it was really
recently brightest I think yeah when I
want are in 99 and this is to go so I
could posh evening event and it's just
really cool as I said I like to show off
the waist it a waist the area the most
so this makes a waste of even tinier by
being black here is like my shrink mini
I get rickets and I trick and the white
leather just makes a bit cool and then
this is like um is it stretching get
stretching it yeah and then Oh like it's
like that again and I think it's a
really cool dress and I can imagine that
looks so nice on you I'll show you later
yah I did stress so he just went off and
suddenly came back with loads of stuff
and this is what happens you must never
leave me alone in a shot first thing I
bought I made you get those yes Tanya
mainly by these these are hassle pink
jeans because now I'm wearing jeans more
I never used to wear jeans um I wanted
to get a color that I didn't have so I'm
going to do another quite sandy from
Greece before she turned into like bad
weather girl
oh yeah and it'll turn up so the bottom
how cute are they oh it's a little Conda
I think you're gonna look adorable nose
I really like the zara basic tops I
always pick these up
I'm also softer they feel yeah a nice
quality but really not too expensive at
all either
no they're not and this one's just
stripy and then the sides have like a
square panel in oh that's cool well a
triangle panel but it makes it look
square Y on so I picked that up also
picked up one of these because before
Florida I bought two of these one in
black and one in white and I wore them
quite a lot so I picked up a gray one
they do look like they have a really low
front but if you like a fondo table all
like anything else and Danelle is so
sparkling it on you've got this awesome
change me because I definitely would've
got one of her I was with you yeah so
super nice and handy to have things like
this as well I also picked up this which
was in like the TRF section I have the
charging track
is it yeah trough something which has a
bat on it and it says meow in it doesn't
make sense it doesn't make any sense but
I liked it I liked the bat you know how
I like my t-shirts but it doesn't make
sense gonna oh no it looks like a little
car you take a cat going like that today
it does look fuzzy little camera this
little ears there's legs it is Willy
this is you sure it's not that Tanya why
would I say meow and that they don't
know no I think to have confusing
conversations yeah this one also I
picked up some of these I love these
they do these in loads of different
styles I bought some which were black
with black polka dots on I want to guess
and they're like high-waisted and these
have like little zips they're like
riding new trousers I know everyone is
stretchy but everyone always talked
about I knew she was the j.crew pigs
pants oh do they are so similar to pixie
pants so if you live in the UK and find
it hard to get hold of pixie pants then
these are a great altar and they're
really thick a really nice quality and
elastic up here and I just super super
comfy and because I like to are a lot
baggy t-shirts it's just nice to wear
things like this underneath I don't have
any in a grey so it's a bit differently
okay next I got this very noisy sounds a
little wind chime necklace from Oasis I
was boiling me from Oasis in years
Norrell I actually we didn't go into an
anime shop this is inside house
appraiser and we just put it on I'll
lift it up so you can see but it's
really really pretty
as Jamie I like different sides but they
like for my music and Chris you get that
made out of them dancers oh it's great
Chris no they do like disco Chris but
like wavy disco crisps yeah and I don't
actually have a lot of jewelry I just
saw this and on the mannequin I actually
pulled this straight off the mannequin
by the way such a rebel oh I like I'll
be having that yeah baby and all the
mannequins you just had a plain white
really soft looking t-shirt on which I
couldn't find that looks really nice and
then this little thing of cash and keys
so yeah I got that I like Lois
everybody's example everyone's gonna
know you're coming when you learn that
so a little back away from your hands
I could hear it me as a word but it has
are always the stops you could hear it
in your ears as opposed to your feet I
could hear that my ears work whilst we
were in House of Fraser I also looked in
the Ted Baker section because at the
moment I am obsessed with Ted Baker at
the moment they've got the prettiest
cutest like spring/summer collection
ever they've got like the yellow dress
that I showed and they've got those
really cute things like them mixing like
castles with 4s and colors like just
really really nice I like all of it in
there at the moment even the top I'm
wearing now is from that sir mm-hmm
that's so pretty love them and it has a
little rose gold and bits on the colors
that's really pretty I like my rose gold
at the moment so we just popped her
little heads around the corner I was
like looking on another rail and she
just went Tom how me is this top and
held it up this is sort of medium oh I
was like yes so he that's you you have
to have it but just is so you and I
really like the feel of the fabric too
it's really like what's the word do you
know what I mean like it weighs like it
yeah weighty but lightly fluffy like it
hangs nice and it's good quality yeah
really nice quality so yeah and it has
like cute little buttons on the sleeves
now you know they're like peachy colored
really rose gold peachy and a little
button at the back so I've got that one
too I've got one thing oh yeah oh yeah
it's just like my main purchase guys and
I just storing all the looks very pretty
I'm really pleased I have it home it's
amazing material feels so nice holding
our mouse we can share the shape it's
like an animal print and it's a kind of
liking what color is it it's like a blue
me to cream it looks like a cream in
navy yeah cream and navy and some grey
as well and what's really nice is that
it comes down really low and I did try I
tried it on in the shop over the road
ran a little boy dress I had on to looks
quite hilarious
and I could tell that it was going to be
lovely and it came down really low past
my bum so I could work with leggings and
I think that I'll wear this a lot it's
really really like eating you know how I
feel about my shirt yeah okay so we also
filmed another part of this whole video
over on time
is channel which is all beauty items yes
so if you want to see that do click her
face now or I'll put a little link in
the description box and they'll also be
a link at the end of the video give the
video thumbs up if you liked it yeah
like if you did it would make us super
happy and also let me know if you
enjoyed filming a haul with someone else
because no holes on my own yes so much
for watching and I'll see you again soon
yeah anyway just like we look at like oh
dear we did some damage in my oh dude
and by damage I mean like money damage
not we didn't go in there everything oh
no hate you with those things
I love these paper bags now they used to
have plastic but this was very posh
doesn't it yeah and the in height is red
oh boy we go
peek
