hello everybody firstly I want to say
how very sorry I am that I have not
uploaded in two weeks I think that's the
longest I've gone on this channel for a
really long time without uploading I do
have a good reason for it I have been so
busy the reason I'm out of breath is
because I've just run up to the top of
the stairs Oh
booster always well stocked with
trainers and the reason about a breast
is because we've just run out all the
stairs and this room is like a sauna so
I'm a sweaty mess I'm just going to be a
bit of a mess in this video I think I've
had to say makeup on all day I'm just
not really sure what this looks like but
we're here we're making a video yeah as
I said very sorry I have been so busy
it's actually unreal and I didn't feel
very well last week so here I am up in
my attic into the seagulls oh it's like
being back in my old flat on the
seafront if you remember that got my
legs open this is not good look it's a
good job you can't see I know that you
guys really like my more kind of chilled
chatty videos or QAS
whether that's just me or with a friend
and so I thought I would do one today do
another little chatty Q&A and have a
lipstick emoji ah so the biggest portion
of my viewership or audience on YouTube
are people over the age of 18 but there
is still a huge huge amount of you who
are under 18 and I always notice a lot
of you have a lot of questions about
what it was like for me being a teenager
and how I dealt with certain situations
growing up and I don't feel like I've
ever done a video like this so I asked
you all on Twitter if you have any oil
on Instagram actually I said on
Instagram story if you've got any
questions then come treat me I feel like
the first thing I should point out
though is how different it must be being
a teenager too when I was a teenager
because funnily enough as much as I hate
to admit it that
was actually quite a long time ago for
me so I was seventeen ten years ago so
my early teens was a wee while I'll let
you do the math and I get asked the same
question quite a lot which is if you are
a teenager now how would you find it and
honestly I don't know I think you all
deserve a medal because things like
social media and Instagram and like and
like this whole kind of popularity thing
wasn't around when I was in school we
had MSN Messenger and there was like AOL
chat rooms and we could text if we had
credit and there is a huge part of me
that is so thankful that things like
MySpace Bebo and Facebook only really
happened towards the end of my teens
which was the first one we had we had I
feel like I have my space first and then
Bebo and I must have been fifteen
sixteen and I feel like no one really
knew how to use it and it was all very
new and it wasn't the same although I
will say for any of you nineties kids
out there who may have also used Bieber
MySpace
the only thing we ever really had
arguments about was in what order your
friends were in your top eight friend I
used to hate doing that I think I used
to shuffle mine or put them on random
because it was like that was the only
thing that caused us rao's in our
friendship group or did it I don't know
maybe I just secretly got really sad if
I wasn't someone's like at least top
five versus most interactions I ever had
with people would be on MSN Messenger
and in those days you only had your
friends that was it
and the only thing you really have to
think about with which song lyrics
you're going to put in your MSN
Messenger like tagline what was it
called bio tagline I can't remember but
hey if we didn't have Twitter you
wouldn't been able to asking these
questions so there's that I guess Julia
did actually ask how do you think being
a teenager in present day differs from
when you were a teen and I guess I sort
of answered that there's more pressure
now outside of your friendship group
which I didn't have
and the only interaction we had with
people who we weren't really friends
with with actual face-to-face
conversation and then by the time we
were sort of friends that's when you'd
get there MSN and that's when you get
the number but there wasn't that same
kind of image to portray on social media
I guess I don't know I would love to
chat to like a room of teenagers to find
out how they really feel about it that
would just be so great please let me
know in the comments let's have like a
discussion about this how do you feel
being a teen with things like Twitter
Facebook things like ask fm honestly
just sounds like a nightmare to me when
I was at school someone created for like
rape my teacher or something and that
was about as like savage as it got how
do you control your hormones as a
teenager and that is by Shannon you
can't just is the answer to that you
can't really and actually when I think
back to when I was a teenager teenager
teenager my hormones are quite extreme
but it's only as I look back at some of
my behavior I wasn't terrible don't get
me wrong but my mood swings and I
remember I used to have arguments with
my mom and dad and I definitely
struggled with the hormone I wouldn't
have ever admitted it at the time but
looking back I can see that I did being
a teenager is such a weird time because
you've gone up to secondary school
you're sort of trying to figure out who
you are who your friends are you're
getting put with people who you might
not necessarily have a lot in common
with but feel you need to be friends
with and you see these people every day
five days a week like for a massive
portion of your life no wonder you're
going to struggle with it sometimes so
it's only natural again when hormones
are included within that that you are
going to struggle sometimes and also you
start to feel all the feels you start to
feel
that you start to feel jealous you start
to feel bitter you start to feel angry
you start to feel over emotional you
start to feel overly excited overly
happy it's like all the feels all the
emotions and all the feels and I
definitely have that but it made for
some of the best moments and the best
memories and some that I can look back
on and be like wow I was a biatch to my
parents and my brother probably you need
to remember everyone else around you is
also experiencing that and it kind of
varies person by person and you know
hormones affect people so differently
but essentially you're all in the same
boat and it's happening to everyone so
don't feel weird or feel like you have
to control them in any way I think
hormones are something that's very
difficult to control but I do think
trying to find a bit of kind of you time
and chill and have like a space that you
like to be in and to be able to go and
have a moment I think is really
important so obviously like your bedroom
like maybe like a candle put some fairy
lights on like it's about making
yourself feel at ease if everything is
getting a little too much so like this
video is going to be really long because
I'm such a Rambler say Dawson said
pressure to smoke flashing vape I did
not have a group of friends that ever
pressured me into anything
actually but I have seen where other
people have felt pressured to do it and
I guess I when I was a teen I did think
see the thing is that it never felt
pressured by anyone else and my parents
weren't very like stripped in that sense
like they would never lecture me about
don't drink and don't smoke and mix or
bless remember me and my brother to make
decisions ourselves which I think was
kind of clever because neither of us are
very well um and I think the only
pressure I ever had with myself like I
had friends who smoked who drank I had I
hung out with groups of people who were
much much older than me doing worse
things
house parties some of those memories
still haunt me to this day some of the
things I saw in house parties just I
don't think you should see is like a 15
or 16 year old to be quite honest but I
never felt like I needed to do that I
didn't feel like I needed to smoke or
drink or do drugs I just I kind of
watched everyone else do it and I like
that doesn't really look fun I think he
just looks stupid but I just you know a
couple in just be like you just look
stupid I don't know I like it for me it
was like even actually quite like a
turn-off I was just a bit like oh no
that's not for me
and the only sort of like pressure I had
really with me in the back of my head
thinking but I'm a teen like should I be
trying these things like should I be it
was almost like it was me pressurizing
myself it was weird it was like well I
guess everyone should try something once
in their life turns out you don't really
have to because I could see what
everyone else is doing and I really
didn't feel like I was missing out and
luckily I wasn't within a group of
friends where I felt pressured but I
know I would have stood my ground and
just said no I'm okay thanks and I do
think if you ever feel that pressure
within a group of friends you have to
put your foot down because you'll never
look back on that memory of trying for
the first time I'm feel comfortable
about it because you'll never be too
sure if you really wanted to or not and
I'm just not sure that that's a nice way
to ever do anything I think everything
you do and everything you experience
should ultimately be down to you because
it's your life if anyone is making you
feel pressured to have sex to smoke to
drink to do anything that you are not
100% comfortable with say no and if they
are your friends they will understand
that and if they don't understand that
they are not your friends did you ever
question your body or feel insecure
about your figure how did you overcome
it yes I feel like I touched on this a
little bit in my questions I've never
answered I went through a stage where I
had grown in high
and I was super skinny and all my
friends are getting like hips and boobs
in a bum and I was still a bit like all
when's mine coming and then they
happened I happened very quickly so my
boob I thought I almost woke up one day
my boobs are there and my bum was there
so now I've got like stretch marks and
for a while I didn't like it because it
almost made me look skinnier because it
was like oh these boobs don't like go
with my body and like I don't look like
my friends why can't I put weight on and
I struggled with the fact that I just
felt like I looked so skinny and I was
quite self-conscious at like PE and I
hated putting shorts on but what's so
interesting is people assume you can't
feel insecure about your body when
you're skinnier but I would put shorts
on and people would just kind of assume
that I'm confident because I've got my
shorts on and I've got my legs out and
I'm sure there were people around me who
would have wanted to have had my legs
yet in my head I was like I hate my legs
hated swimming oh my god that for me was
the worst that's like you know when you
remember something and you get like a
wave of like war I hated swimming and I
honestly believe 98% of the girls in my
swimming group hated swimming for this
very reason if you're going to put like
twenty girls who were all like growing
and changing at very different rates and
getting used to their bodies and trying
to learn why things are how they are or
why you're not like Sallie next to you
or why you've got one boobs that seems
to be growing faster than another boob
or why you've got like a wobbly bear or
why you feel so skinny you're never
going to have a great lesson so I think
is never going to be a great lesson
lesson we we all hated swimming so much
like no one enjoy who enjoy swimming
apart from that one girl that was there
her like blister socks and swim hat and
goggles a nose clip like she's the one
that loves swimming but everyone else
did not love swimming and I just felt
like everyone stared at me Anderson in
costume because I was so skinny I hated
it so much I still did it I still put
the swimming costume on I still and I
hated swimming anyway I'm just I hate
swimming
but I don't know it was kind of like a
phase that came and went
I remember feeling quite insecure
between the ages of about 12 and 14 and
then past that I think I stopped caring
because I sort of settled with the fact
that everyone's bodies were growing and
changing at different rates and everyone
had something about them that they
weren't happy with or something that
they felt they wanted to change and that
was very reassuring to me because I felt
like I was the only one who was the odd
one out but actually everyone feels like
they're the odd one out at some point
which I'm very lucky for because there
are a lot of people who can't do that
which I feel resat about Eve said how to
tell friends you can't or don't want to
go to parties because they don't
understand I love you I love you too
that's hard because there were a lot of
things I never wanted to go to because
of my anxiety but I feel like I just
said I don't want to go the worst part
of it for me was that I couldn't go not
that I didn't want to go if that makes
sense
it's that I felt like I couldn't not
that I didn't want to so I would be at
home knowing they ruler night owl and
they were all at having a fab time and I
wished more than anything I could be
there but I knew I couldn't be and it
was that was quite a hard time for me
actually that was probably in my later
teens that's something I knew I had to
deal with like that's not something my
friends have to deal with that's me and
what I should have done was spoken to
someone earlier got help earlier and
kind of then lived my kind of late teens
early twenties anxiety-free rather than
trying to sort out a little bit further
down the line but yeah I feel like you
just tell them an and again if they're
your friends they'll understand and if
they don't understand that's okay
because it means that it's not something
they experience but at the end of the
day if you don't want to go out or you
feel like you can't then don't and you
might get somos but that's a choice
you've made and if they love you then
they'll still say they miss you Abby
said what were your favorite things to
do with friends etc during high school
oh my god okay so this probably was my
favorite thing we would like go to each
other's houses and we would make with
photographs and windows movie maker we
would make little films and I still have
them that sorts and now nowadays I would
be uploading them to YouTube but back
then YouTube didn't exist so I was just
like making them and like the saving
them and we would like reenacting so we
did Mean Girls we did oh my god we did
like weird me and my friend did the ring
like we would reenact a whole film in
photos with slides and like text and
music and it was great fun so that's
what we did as I got a bit older it was
like house parties we used to there was
a park next to our school so we used to
like hang out in the park quite a lot
yeah there was a lot of great times
actually a lot of great friend times we
used to go shopping on the weekends we
would all get the bus in and we would
get disposable cameras and like take
pictures and lots of sleepovers we would
always try and do all-nighters and
funnily enough you'd all think I would
suck at that but I was actually not that
bad what to do when you're in a
friendship group then fall out because
of nothing how do you deal with it
or we had a fair amount of these we're
readed as I said at the beginning of
this when you're put into a situation
for the majority of your life for five
years with the same people you're you're
never going to always get on like you're
just not there's going to be something
that brushes one person up the wrong way
and then there's tension and then it's
awkward and then the group divides and
then some people are on that side some
people on that side then there's a whole
division and they don't speak to these
people and it and it will be over
something that you don't even remember
what it's over and I think what's
different today that is so different
from back then is when that used to
happen with our friends a lot of them
making up and the sorting out had to
have a face to face which I feel like
probably wouldn't happen as much now
because those things like Facebook and
like messengers and Twitter and there's
loads of different places that you can
see like snidey indirects and things
like that but in the olden days in the
olden days that makes me sound so agent
but back when I was a teenager it would
have been something like it would have
there would have been something said at
school and someone would have taken it
the wrong way or someone would've been
having a bad day and someone else
wouldn't have cared as much as they
should have and then there would be like
little tips I wouldn't say we ever all
like fell out big time but there was
certainly like little arguments here and
there
hello sympathy we've got busy at the
moment looking at are you gonna sit down
or are you just gonna breathe heavily
behind me
hello oh oh you're all in my hair but oh
alright you're like Amhara
right fit good boy good boy I feel like
at the time arguments feel so huge and
so like like it's the end of the world
and that you'll never be friends again
and that it
going to be so awkward but eventually
you make up because what's the
alternative like you see each other
every day when you're so close to
someone like a sibling or like a
relative and you're spending so much
time with them you do just rub each
other up the wrong way and sometimes you
are going to have an argument but then
you make up and then you're stronger
than you were before because you had to
like talk through your differences and
you're kind of growing up together and
actually I think it would be weirder if
growing up you never had a dress of your
friends because because there's so much
going on and so much is changing and
it's a crazy time so of course you're
going to argue but you just have to know
that those arguments don't have to be
the be-all and end-all and I think
talking and communicating rather than
being snidey and indirect online is the
way forward safe said I'm not a teenager
anymore but when I was I would like to
know how important love really is at
that age what's so funny is I thought I
was in love at that age but actually
being an adult it's not the same kind of
love and I don't know I think that's all
I can really say on that I do think it
exists in teenagers like I do believe if
you truly love someone kind of like the
people that meet when they're young and
they stay together forever that is true
love and I think that can happen and if
it happens to you then you're really
lucky but I saw it had happened but it
hadn't and it's only as I got older and
met new people but I could see that I
haven't been that make sense so in
answer to your question it's not that
important I think what is important at
that age is learning to love yourself
and learning to love other human beings
whether that's friends or like family I
think that's important but being in love
with someone I don't think is so
important at my age personally how did
you cope with toxic friends and how can
I get out of
toxic friendship if you are with a group
of friends in school who are toxic and
you are you just aren't happy then you
need to step away from that group of
friends and I know it can feel so hard
but I should feel like if you're if if
you're with friends you are making happy
it's a bullying youth and making you
feel uncomfortable they're pressurizing
you they're not the sort of people
you're ever going to grow up and be
thankful that you are friends with
they're not the sort of people that
you're going to invite your like wedding
in ten years then there's no point you
know I mean it's it's such a waste of
you as a human being because there are
people out there who will appreciate you
who will treat you with nothing but
kindness and love and you may feel like
there is no one else but that is if you
flip that and if you think you see
someone who is being bullied or who is
part of a very toxic friendship then you
should extend an arm like ask them how
they are like check their okay even if
they're not part of your friendship
group because there's nothing less than
feeling like you're alone in something
and whether that's you feeling that way
or you know someone who feels that way
or you've seen someone who looks unhappy
and that group of friends or is getting
picked on or who have no friends I think
it's just as important for you to reach
out to them just ask them how they are
ask them how their days been ask them
what they're doing later
like message them anything because that
can make someone feel so much happier
because as much as I can say Oh like
you'll find new friends I think it's
just as important for other people to
open their eyes and realize that there
might be people that feel like they have
no one and when I was in school I don't
think I did that enough I don't think I
extended an invite or smiled at the
people who probably needed it more than
I thought they did if that makes sense
and it makes you feel good it makes them
feel good
like the saying some friends are for a
reason summer for a season and summer
for a lifetime and that's okay if summer
for a season fine they were great for
that season and it was fab and sometimes
it's not meant to last beyond that sorry
for a reason so they might come into
your life for a purpose lifetime is that
so rare that was another thing in school
I feel like it's such a big deal to have
a lot of friends and it isn't have your
select friends are that's one with up to
three whether that's ten if you have
those cool people who make you happy who
bring something to your life who
influenced you in a positive way that's
all you need and anyone who doesn't do
that don't waste your time Ella said if
you could be a teenager again
which teenage year would you go back to
and why I would say all that's so hard
maybe like 15 like start of GCSEs 14 15
what year is that good 9 I would go back
to you 9 because I felt quite confident
in myself although I didn't know what I
wanted to do I felt confident in the
subjects I was doing for GCSE I'd
settled with like yeah I'm happy with
these I had my like core group of
friends I had a social life and I had a
lot of fun and I felt more comfortable
in myself I think yeah 14:15 and like no
responsibilities because I hadn't
started exams yet whoa Abby said what
was it like when you first got your
period I actually got my period in
school it was in tutor time right before
last lesson and I just I was one of the
last ones out of my friends and I was
really excited about it I remember that
we had someone come to our school who
did like a talk she talked about like
periods and things you could use when
you're on your period and they gave you
like a goodie bag when you left and in
it it had like two night time pads some
tiny little tampons
and some like daytime pads and then like
a leaflet and like it was just like a
little information pack and it made me
so excited to start my period and then
like a year later I did in a lesson and
I was a little bit embarrassed but
actually I had to do the old Tyler jump
around the waist because I had nothing
on me and then I went home I told my mom
and then I realized that I was going to
bleed like every month for like the
majority of my life so I wasn't that
excited after that
well Jennifer said when did you start
shaving I thought this was quite a good
one because I had to really think about
this I had to think about what the first
thing was I shaved I feel like it might
have been my armpits or maybe it was my
legs I feel like my armpits took a
really long time to get hair I remember
I had like a couple of hairs there and I
was like oh that's weird and I always
used my dad's razor that he would leave
on like the side of the bar I must have
been about 14 13 or 14 and the amount of
times I sliced my legs on my dad's blunt
razors was a lot what I will say though
is if you are planning on starting
shaving if you haven't yet gotten to
that point leave it as long as you can
because again is something you get so
excited to do and then you just realize
it is a chore and a ball ache and the
hair just grows back thicker I do
remember though my mum I remember the
first time I shaved down there I must
have been like sixteen fifteen sixteen
because I thought that that's what you
had to do I wasn't sure I don't know and
I must have left the hair in the bath
this is quite embarrassing stories
whenever I tell this oh I didn't wash it
away
and the next day my mom was like if you
ever want to shave your bikini line you
just you need to be very
careful because it grows back longer and
thicker and I heard it can start growing
down your legs and I remember her
telling me that obviously to try and
scare me and after that I was actually
really terrified to ever shave down
there again turns out it hasn't grown
down my legs so thanks for that month I
mean it might she might not have been
lying but I mean she could have just
said hey I noticed you shape your bits
just be careful and let me buy you a
nice razor so you don't have to eat you
dance monkey old ones so I think I'm
going to stop there because I have been
rambling on for quite a long time now
thank you so much for watching this
video it's hot and dark as I've been
filming this and buzz is gone and the
dogs are barking and I'll be going crazy
so I should probably go but thanks for
being so patient with me and waiting for
this video I really hope it helped some
of you being a team is difficult it
doesn't matter what anyone says everyone
will have their trials and tribulations
just remember you're probably not the
only one feeling a certain way offer a
hand or a smile to someone who might
need it because that can make a lot of
difference and it may seem overwhelming
at times but look I got through it you
can too and I look back now at my
teenagers and remember some of the best
times so I really feel like you will too
but please don't hesitate to tweet me or
leave comments
everyone have a little chitchat send
your reassurances ask your questions
there will be a lot of people watching
this video that can't offer advice so
don't be scared to leave a comment and I
love you very much and I'll see you
again very soon
