hello everyone's after so many of you
asked me to do a draw my life video I
decided to pop out and buy a whiteboard
and give it my best shot so it all
started on the 20th of March 1992 when I
was born yeah apparently I was quite a
small baby and I weighed six pounds
something a man probably said ouch and
my dad probably said oh my god the
second my head decided to Tahrir which
does look like a giant spider right now
but I promise you it's noise something
far far worse the second my head popped
out before the rest of my body had even
made an appearance I opened my eyes and
I blinked at my dad and it really scared
him eighteen months later my brother
Joseph was born and my dad actually
refused to be down the headend to that
one because of my groupie introduction
as you can see I had crazy curly hair we
used to go up quite a few family
holidays and I think I was around two or
three years old I've drawn us looking a
lot older here but I promise you I was a
lot younger than I had thrown myself we
decided to go on a family holiday to
Cornwall which is all well and good I
made a new friend on the beach called
Charlotte I believe and I actually
pooped in my swimming costume and I now
feel very very bad for her as she had to
hang out with this many kids that had
pooed herself never saw her after that
can't think twice we grew up in a really
small village right next to a couple of
really tiny towns and I actually really
enjoyed primary school we did things
like hopscotch and knitting which is so
very exciting but most of the time with
my best friend Alex she and I used to
spend every day together doing the most
mundane things that felt like the most
exciting adventures ever you pretend
you're American tourists get banned from
AOL chat for misuse of language and in
what's about swimming the river
rollerblading I'm prank calling the sex
advice line from the local phone box
saying things like where Willy's pool a
little hole for thinking it was so
hilarious this was before speedy Wi-Fi
people it's the best we had I used to
dissuade Alex to film music videos and
random silliness and one of my dad's old
camcorders which looking back she
probably absolutely hated me for it but
you have to admit they are pretty
hilarious but when you watch them back
now
at the age of 10 that was cast me an
extra in high Potter and the
Philosopher's Stone it was literally one
of the most exciting things ever I got
to meet a lot of the cast and whilst
filming a scene in snakes potion class I
was sat next to Gavin Murray who plays
Seamus Finnigan and the guy who plays
Dean Thomas asked if I fancied ever to
which I replied no I don't then he said
would you go out with him twitch our
nerve as a page of my quill is that no
he then turned Devin and said it's a
hard life Seamus I kind of wanted to die
secondary school came around and it was
quite a shock to system like a small
fish in a huge pond but I did make lots
of new friends and even had a few
boyfriends and actually looking back I
read it enjoy school life even though
sometimes my staff and my friends would
skip lessons on the hat in the lose this
is naughty and hygienic and unproductive
it does not make you cool do not do it
after school is where things got a lot
more tricky a lot of my friends
disappeared off to uni and I was left
wondering what I was gonna do with my
life I'd done art photography in
textiles to a level and passed with
higher grades I just didn't know what I
wanted to do I felt quite lost and my
anxiety also meant that I couldn't join
in with things like clubs and pubs so I
became quite alienated I started working
in various different jobs one involving
interior design and another involving a
retail store and although I learnt many
things I knew that none of the jobs I
did was fulfilling or what I really
wanted to do and they also didn't really
make me that happy and by this point my
anxiety made things like working a lot
more difficult for me in order to
distract myself from all things pipian
life related I decided to set up a blog
called zoella which then also led me on
to youtube and doing a few videos every
now and then in 2010 I'll free be
blogging for a short while a girl called
Louise emailed me asking if she could
send me a card because she enjoyed
reading my blog so much which made me so
super happy and I replied obviously I
would really like you send me a card and
also does this mean we can now be BFFs
forever and ever and ever since emailing
in 2010 there's not been a day that
we've not spoken and she is the best
friend I could ever
last year things got a lot more tricky
for me I ended a really horrible
turbulent relationship with a big ass
which is the nicest word like a thing
called and my parents managed to divorce
which made things in life slightly more
difficult and it also meant that I had a
lot more panic attacks than normal I
soon decided that enough was enough and
I wanted to come out of my shell and do
more by saying yes to more things which
also meant I spent a lot more time on
YouTube which also led me to meeting
some amazing people through doing this
I'm so glad that I stepped out of my
comfort zone and did things that I found
extremely difficult at the time that led
me to doing all these things and meeting
all these amazing new friends more
recently I stepped on a dodgy there we
go not hooking Blaine
for the first time in seven years and
got to meet lots of you in Florida this
was a huge deal for me and I spent the
week with friends new and old and had so
much fun
I apologized her and Joey you look
really kind of odd there on the end I
think I feel more me now than I have
done in a really really long time and
obviously I still slept with anxiety and
panic attacks at times but I don't want
it to ever stop me doing things and if
there's one thing that life taught me so
far is that everything happens for a
reason and you just have to have the
confidence to push yourself into doing
more things as it opens up a whole new
world I cannot believe I am nearing 1
million subscribers I still look onto
YouTube and think is this real life I
love and appreciate all of you guys
thank you all so much for watching my
videos I hope that you continue to enjoy
them as much as I enjoy making them so
there you go guys that is my life it's
not all that interesting but I hope you
enjoyed it anyway thank you so much for
watching it really does mean the world
to me
if you did enjoy it please give it a
crazy scary weird thumbs up I cannot
draw thumbs apparently and I love you a
lot and I'll see you soon
