recording hello everybody welcome to a
Wednesday video how weird I never played
on a Wednesday but otherwise when my
friend is around whoa I never normally
upload on a Wednesday but I wants to get
my favorites out to you so this is what
I am doing as a little extra so I hope
you enjoy it I haven't really loved many
extra beauty products this month because
as you know I was away in Florida I feel
like I've been too busy to try out new
things so I've set to my old regulars
and to be part honest with you all the
things I've been loving in the previous
months I still really like and still use
so these are just a few little extra
things that I wanted to share with you
that I have loved this month item number
one is the origins drink cup intensive
overnight mask I don't know if I've ever
featured this in a favorites video but
it was in my pamper video I basically
have been really enjoying using this
it's kind of nearly all gone which is
really really sad on the aeroplane to
and from Florida as you know is not
great on your skin it really dehydrates
you so me Louise did our little some
mini facials and we used this and it
kept my skin really nice and it was
really nice to apply and it basically
saved my skin from a very long haul
flight so for that I'm thankful origins
kiss that's weird
thank you good night the next thing I've
really been liking are the Estee Lauder
pure color stay on shadow paints these
are pricey little buggers but I was so
drawn in by them because the viviana
does make up that naughty girl she had a
couple and this one is the pinky shade
it's called pink zinc and they're
basically eyeshadow bases so you apply
these to your eyes before you have my
eye shadow but I've just been using
these for lazy days where I don't really
want to do eyeshadow and I just think
I'll just like slick on a little bit of
color and I'm good to go
and I just really enjoyed using this
next up is a nail fanatics fave and that
is the session eat topcoat Oh
go I bought the OPI fast dry top coat
thingamabob II and it wasn't really all
that great I didn't get on too well with
it and everyone was saying no you should
have watched the Chevy you should have
bought such a B and I was gonna buy such
a V but they didn't have it in stock but
I found it and now it's my Savior one of
the main reasons I hate painting my
nails is because I never seem to have
the time to just sit and let them dry
and I always smudge them and snag them
and since I've been using this this has
been a lot less of a problem because
this allows my nail polish to dry a lot
lot faster so if you're after a decent
topcoat that you know will actually make
your nails dry in super speedy time and
definitely have a look at this because
I've wherever I've been where I've had
to take a nail polish you've also taken
this too it's like my trusty nail polish
sidekick
another thing I've really been loving
which I also briefly Zoar featured in my
previous haul were the Real Techniques
brushes by Samantha Chapman from Pixie
woo and the one I've been particularly
really really liking is the buffing
brush for foundation I love this brush
not only for foundation also just for
everything just it's just a good
everything brush contour highlight
blusher I just I use this a lot and that
is probably why it's dirty so don't
judge me Cheers Sam choose Sam this was
a very recent purchase as you may have
seen in my haul video also but it is the
NARS The Happening palette and this was
one that I also took away with me to
Florida and I used it daily I just found
that it had everything that I needed all
in one place and it's perfect to just
throw in your handbag and you're good to
go
lots of really pretty colors for
eyeshadow but also my favorite color
which is a coral peach for blush and
it's also really nice and shimmery
and also a really nice bronzer color oh
oh hello oh wow that's bright so I've
just found myself reaching for this an
awful lot this month and loving it and
using it and just wanting to just smear
it all over my face
okay next on the agenda tonight said
that just always have wanted to say that
sounds very partial into it it's also a
product that I heavily relied on in
Florida because although it wasn't
always really like sunny hot scorching
weather it was always quite humid and
humid is the type of weather where my
hair goes and my face just goes like
that
everything just leaks away all that hard
time and effort you spent on putting on
your face in the morning it's kind of
just ruined within like two hours
so I heavily relied on the Urban Decay
all nighter makeup setting spray
long-lasting I know that they do like a
refreshing one which probably would have
made more sense considering it was quite
warm and muggy and humid but I wanted
one that was you know going to stay put
and I found that this really actually
helped the days I wore this my makeup
stayed looking a lot nicer and in place
and I didn't have like blush down here
or like creasing under my eyes and yeah
I just I've been really liking this and
I'm going to continue to use this here
in the UK as well okay so the next few
things aren't products they're just
general things that I have loved this
month first is a dress and it is by Ted
Baker and I just love it I went there
with my mum the other week and I saw
this dress and I fell in love with it
and I wore a playlist on one of the
nights I don't know if there's going to
be any footage or pictures of me in this
dress in fact I think there is a picture
of me and Tyler Oakley and he is giving
me a piggyback and carrying me or
someone took a picture of him carrying
me I don't know there's a picture
somewhere where I'm wearing this dress
it's a very nice fitted right yellow
just swing dress and I don't know I just
really like it it fits really nice and
it's very rare but I'll find a dress
that I just love and want to cherish and
hang up on my door and like just have as
like a nice like I love this dress I
really want to wear it I'm just nice
dress and I just I don't know it's just
random I just really liked this dress so
if you like yellow and you
dresses go have a look the next thing I
have been loving is a book or a book
series on my iPad because I like to read
books on here now can like store them up
in your book thing you see I recently
read a book called I heart Hollywood by
an author called Lindsay calc and I had
read her previous book in series which
was I think I heart New York and now I'm
onto the third book in the series which
is I heart Paris now if you haven't read
any of these books and you're into like
girly like easy reading kind of just
chill out books that aren't too intense
you don't have to think too much it's
just kind of like brain switch off read
this book kind of books then you'll
really really like them I first read her
book like maybe two years ago and I find
it found it really hard finding her
books in book shops so when I just
realized I could actually download books
on my iPad I was all over lash crap poop
I was not bookmarked I've not bookmarked
I'm on book three page six of 240 so I
have a while to go on this one but I
really really enjoy her books and I
think she has lots and lots so Lindsay
if you're watching great books and last
but not least the main thing that I have
loved about March is playlist live this
is my lanyard with zoella on it it was
just like the best week ever like
getting to meet you guys and seeing lots
of my friends and being around new
youtubers and youtubers I've wanted to
meet ages and just getting to spend time
with you all and meet you it was like
the best thing about much ever but also
managing to actually get there was just
like the biggest achievement for me
because as you know I suffer quite badly
with anxiety and panic attacks so to go
even in the taxi on the way to the
airport to get on the plane and to stay
on that plane for nine hours and then
reach the other side alive was kind of a
massive deal for me and then be able to
be there and enjoy myself and not have
to worry and just I thought it was going
to be a massively overwhelming
experience and it was but it was in a
really positive way
so thank you to everyone who I got to
meet and everyone who had got to see and
yeah playlist live was amazing so now
I'm just really super excited about
summit city and VidCon okay so those are
all the things that I have lived through
March I would love to know what you've
loved through March they do let me know
in the comments and also don't forget to
give the video a thumbs up if you've
enjoyed it that would make me super
happy since it was my birthday and that
can be your birthday present to me
because that's easy and free so thumbs
up for my birthday for being last week
hope you have a great rest of the week
and I will see you at the weekend
good bye window washer window washer do
excuse me while I sip my water another
saying that others other as I'm thinking
no girl
shush Zoe sheesh okay so the next is did
why can't I talk and it has little peas
in it and they were too cute to leave
you know you don't really sad thing
where you see something and you're like
I can't leave it I don't know what I'm
going to do with this this is a thing of
peas
