hi everyone look you would never be able
to guess that I have been to Disney
World if you are follow me on Twitter or
you watched my previous video you will
know that last week I spent it in
Orlando Florida for playlist live which
was a YouTube convention where I got to
meet lots of you lovely subscribers and
other youtubers as well and it was an
amazing amazing week I have documented
that all on my second channel so I'll
put a link to that below where you can
go and watch my day in the Florida Life
videos because you know I did a lot
there there was a lot to do and it was a
lot of fun and I had a lot of fun so go
watch those but in the meantime I'm
going to show you guys what I bought
whilst I was in the USA first things
first I will skip right in and do Disney
World
I've never been before I had being
deprived of Disneyland on Disney World
as a child and I'm the biggest Disney
fan so this made no sense to me so for
the day I was a massive kid and the
first thing I bought were these big
Minnie Mouse ears that I did wear all
day the second thing I got was this
hoodie but just says Disney World
it wasn't a fashion choice it was and
I'm absolutely freezing I need something
to chuck on now choice because I thought
Florida was going to be really warm and
apparently we went there when it was
very windy and I get cold really easily
so I had to get this hoodie to keep me
warm here's my Disney bag very cool just
knock something off I also picked up
this hoodie this was my first option
because at the start of the day it was
kind of windy but bearable but still a
bit chilly sweat for this hoodie sash
Cape option which is spotty and it has
like caped sleeves so it's look it looks
like a big cape and it has the Minnie
Mouse ears and the Minnie Mouse bow and
I went for this at first but then it got
very very cold so I had to go for this
and then I wore this on top so I did
look diz need out the other thing I
bought in Disney World in this little
bag it's a little pea pod and it has
little Peas
in it and they were too cute to leave
you know you don't restart thing where
you see something and you're like I
can't leave it I don't know what I'm
going to do with this this is a thing of
peas what will I do with this but they
look really cute and I'm gonna put these
Peas somewhere I'm gonna look after them
see I even feel bad zipping that now I
can't breathe oh it's okay like a
brilliant obviously another place to
visit whilst in Orlando Florida was
Universal Studios which I was desperate
to go to because as you know I'm a huge
Harry Potter fan went into honeydukes
here's the bag anyway with Harry Potter
on it for the second thing first thing I
got which um I kind of got because of
friends now friends is one of my
favorite sitcoms I've watched every
single episode a million times all 10
series I could probably quote most of
them that's really sad I did not just
say that I did ah okay rescue there's
wealth side where Ross is on about
saltwater taffy and how much he loves it
and I've never tried it and I think this
is an American thing because I haven't
seen it in the UK so I bought a box of
saltwater taffy I've not tried it yet it
could be really disgusting maybe I'll
try some now bag is hard to open maybe
need a wand to open it huh also being in
honeydukes
I obviously picked up the budgie Botts
every flavour beans absolutely terrified
to try these not really too sure a will
if I'm honest unless there's a coder in
here that tells me what flavors what I'm
gonna go nowhere near these because
there's a vomit flavor in here you know
how I feel about that also bought the
classic chocolate frog then because
you're only in Harry Potter land once or
unless you go there all the time and
have a yearly annual pass and you go
there a lot and you're like I put a lot
a lot and there's only really one chance
to buy a wand I knew I wanted a wand but
now I've got it I don't really know what
I'm going to do with it the one I got is
fleur delacour
it says fragile collectible wand not a
toy so you can't play with this I must
remain in the box
unloved I want to play with them see now
what do I do with this now got it so
like that the time I was just so excited
and overwhelmed with magic and Harry
Potter and now and now to me this is
just a piece of wood yeah one of the
days me Louise and Alfie went to check
out the Mall of millenia I think it was
called and they had a massive Victoria
Secret here is the bag I went in there
thinking well maybe I could pick up a
new bra or something
ended up having like the best experience
in that shop ever all the ladies were so
helpful and just the customer service in
there was incredible
and one of these people that's really
shy when it comes to buying bras I'm
just like yeah I think that's all thing
I'm gonna buy it I'm not even gonna try
um no I don't need measured thanks very
much don't need you looking at my
boobies I can do that myself please
don't touch me please don't make me yell
boobies out in front of you I'm very
particular and very shy about things
like that so when she came up through
the tape measure and was like join me to
measure you I was like ah no I think
I'll be okay thanks and I was like what
my doing just let her just measure and
she actually didn't need to take you
know do it naked and bare and things
just ask you to lift your arms up like
this and measured you round here with
your top on so it was okay fitting rooms
were massive and they'd write your name
on the door so they knew and they came
and check your okay and it was just
really really super nice obviously I'm
not going to show you that underwear
because I feel like that's kind of
slightly inappropriate and kind of gross
but I also picked up this which is one
of their perfumes and it's called
bombshell this one reminded me is such a
cute little bottle it reminded me of a
really old perfume that I used to have
Gucci rush to which I find really really
hard to find anywhere and it just it
just brought back like it was like
really nostalgic to me so we'll pop you
there you can't see that there we go
we'll pop in there after that we went
into Urban Outfitters there's nothing on
that side of the bag Urban Outfitters
yay
we have an urban outfitters in the UK I
know this I know but look how cool the
bags are here
that's fabric they probably have these
in the UK too but I've just never
spotted them and Manly's been a bit
mental over nail polish I think we were
having a bit of a weird moment so I
picked up quite a lot of now pushes
because it was like buy two for five
dollars or something so there's this one
which is called oyster which is a
shimmery sort of pinky nice cool color
picked up this one which is like um a
yellowy lime called slime which is like
the grossest name for a nail polish ever
if you ask me this one which is a gray
blue and that is good bar stool a really
really nice lilac e-baby pastel blue a
color called crowded this really nice
muted kind of cementy green kind of like
boggy color and it's called girl like
you but not just with one are with two
hours that's a girl with attitude an
amazing glittery sparkly one
cool unicorn best name best nail polish
I just want to put this on top of every
single nail polish that I own a bright
fluorescent yellow don't know I got this
I already have one like this Ringo this
one's called and lastly a very dirty
grey color called smoke oh these look
quite nice together actually we then
ventured into forever 21 which we also
now have in the UK but obviously
different stock different pricing a lot
different things
oh noes let me just dropped out of mind
jewelry I got this set of three rings
just because I like my rings and they
did them in a small size so there's
those second earrings I like studs and
this top one is just Tyler rose gold
studs gold para MIDI ones and then tie a
little silver spiky ones and then two
rings one that has a little black
moustache and one that has a pair or
glasses so I got those as well I've got
this necklace which is like a really odd
color that I have never seen before
it's kind of like a pewter e copper
if that makes any sense really dulled
down and spiky and I like ticks it's
just not color that I would have ever
seen before
and probably could go with quite a lot
of things oh it's a rose gold necklace
Wow who would have ever thought it some
spikes on there just nice simple like
that this is slightly different and
slightly more daring for me and neon
yellow chain I don't know where I'm
gonna wear this so I'm going to make it
work somehow I thought maybe because I'm
are a lot of like monochrome this could
kind of make it a bit more colorful I
also picked up this neon greeny yellow
baggy t-shirt I got these trousers Oh
dropped them which is the sort of like
loose kind of hurry me tights that go
like tighter at the bottom I just liked
the pattern on these I've been looking
for a pair of these forever I just think
like something like this with this
tucked in would just look really nice in
summer and then lastly from forever 21 I
picked up these adorable little shorts
that are green with little pink ice
creams
they're like little ice cream sundaes so
if you can see those I just thought they
would be cute for summer 2x place we
went which won't be exciting for you
Americans because it's kind of like our
equivalent to 24 hour as Doral 24 hour
Tesco but we went to Walmart because we
wanted to experience all the variety of
foods the first thing I picked up our
ice breakers the sour ones these ones a
green apple watermelon tangerine flavor
these are delicious why don't we have
these here I'm annoyed
monoi also picked up ice breaker duo
fruit and cool raspberry flavor extra
dessert delights sugar-free gum lemon
square artificially flavored see looking
at these now they sound so gross but at
the time I was like these are going to
taste amazing
mmm massive packs of these extra fruit
sensations sweet watermelon and extra
dessert delights sugar-free gum rainbow
surebut flavor chewing gum are different
flavors than mint mind-blown then
obviously you can't be in walmart
without checking out the makeup
selection they have there I must admit
there weren't too many brands there that
we didn't have here and but there were a
lot of things I saw there that I was
like wait a minute I think we have this
so I picked up some things it Physicians
Formula because I'm pretty sure we don't
have this shimmering strips nude eyes
this is like an eyeliner kit I think
that pencil and it's three different
colors for like neutral eyes which I
thought was a really nice idea so I
picked that up also picked up tiny birds
favorite mascara which is the Maybelline
volume Express the falsies I don't know
if this is the same one she uses because
I swear they have like three different
versions of this but I it looks the same
so I'm going to give that go and and
hope that it does my eyelashes makes
them big does that thing you know also
picked up the infamous L'Oreal
voluminous original this is very
difficult to find in the UK and this
used to be my favorite mascara ever ever
and then they kind of got rid of it and
then everyone went what where's it going
and then they kind of brought it back
again but it's still not I still don't
think it's like the original version and
I got that in black brown because I
think that that looks quite natural and
nice on eyelashes without being too full
on so picked up a L'Oreal voluminous
mystique proof marker which is so
weird-looking it looks like those
calligraphy pens that you used in school
and I was like what I've never seen
eyeliner like this so I picked this up
because I want to give that a try
because that looks very interesting
I've just realized but I have two of
these Louise I think one of these is
yours Louise of cutting mascara here I
picked up some bets B's lip balms
because in the UK these are a lot more
expensive than they are in the u.s. I
think I picked up this paper for for
like four dollars or something
ridiculous
I also don't know if I've seen this in
the UK and this is maybelline age rewind
eraser for dark circles concealer
treatment it has a sponge on the top
which makes me very suspicious but I'm
going to give this a whirl lipstick wise
we found these which now I'm looking at
them I'm like what brand are you
Maybelline and they're called color
whispers we definitely I don't think
have these they look a little bit like
the lip balms like lip butters and the
other things that they have but they're
like super pigmented and really
moisturizing and they leave really nice
shine on the lips so I got a couple of
these I got an orange one obviously
called orange attitude I've got this
really nice like fuchsia pink which is
called cherry on top and I bought a much
more subtle
Coralie color which is called coral
ambition L'Oreal things these are
essentially exactly the same as the
Maybelline things that I just showed you
but I thought that they were going to be
like these which I like the liquid
lipsticks but they're not at all they're
more like bombs as you can see it's more
like a bomb and they're really pigmented
and again very similar to the ones I
just showed you from Maybelline but um
this color is insanely pretty this is
173 velvety fuchsia and obviously got
one in an orange color because I like
orange and it's called fiery veil and
that's one one seven so I quite like
these I don't know what they're actually
called I think I just lore'l Oh
L'Oreal color riche probably do these
here too but I've never seen them so
grab those one of the main reasons that
we ventured into Walmart was because I
wanted to check out the pop-tart
selection thankfully enough of you at
playlist live had supplied me with
enough pop-tarts to last me my entire
lifetime
I'll everything fob that
oh good titties off me though so I hope
you have enjoyed seeing all the things I
bought from Florida make sure to check
out the vlogs on my second channel as I
said I'll leave the link down here and
you can see what we got up to daily
while we were there and I will see you
on Wednesday for a March favorites video
make sure to give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and I will see you all
on Wednesday
good bye I'll allow you long
I think first things further ha ha ha
I'm a ho ho how your father finally I
talk um inspector its yeah do you know a
surgeon with that without eyebrows how
bizarre we let Zoey leave your eyebrows
alone
yeah as I relieve your eyebrows thank
you you sat there using your eye but if
you're there now go but watch this video
put your tweezers
