hi everyone I am here today with Jim I
you may recognize him from one of my
previous videos we'd only be doing half
mm-hm was most enjoyable song Aladdin
did I do love Aladdin by Domino we are
going to do a video discussing things we
would tell our teenage selves yes there
are a lot of things I would change about
the way I did things yeah which I think
could be quite beneficial for you guys
because ya learn from our mistakes my
first one is don't leave everything
until the night before you're dead oh
god I never did that
did you know I did it I did it every
single time
oh my god I mean I got something I'm
gonna do it do it because I stressed out
about everything I stressed out but then
I stressed up so much I thought kind of
think about I'll just do that the night
before I would get given something a
piece of work and I wouldn't stop until
it was finished and I cried tears of ink
I don't have like a few days to see who
I went that is what I wish I'd done and
that is what I would have told my
teenage self I would have been like get
up off your bed Simpsons is on every
single day you don't need to worry that
I always have my cinders break or six
o'clock yeah channel 4 yeah after um
neighbors yeah I'm Newsround toadfish
totally shows me use this one kind of
deep you know you've got to have one
deep thing in there what you doing I
would say to my 16 yourself do not wear
your heart on your sleeve and do not be
too trusting of everybody not everybody
is knife know and that is something that
I think is great experience I would
never change it because it's kind of
molded me into the person I am yes I
definitely think when I was younger I
wore my heart on my sleeve
everyone was lovely everyone that was
nice to me yeah you guys exactly my best
friend and need for example I'm horrible
like really I'm a I'm an awful person by
law you in with my knife everyone's
gonna be avoiding you
I think I would say to myself be a tiny
bit tougher yeah
not everyone is as nice as you are yeah
basically and you will learn that and it
will be rubbish thumbed up for yourself
a bit I never did that I was a bit of a
sort of weed yeah I was a bit like the
case Corey yeah I kind of was always my
fault and I was always very apologetic
and all okay but really I should have
been like
well no go away then no you so another
thing that I really wish that I had done
when I was younger more on the 16 year
old age when you finished your GCSEs and
you kind of feel a bit more grown-up
then and you think right okay I need to
rethink about what I want to do when I
get older one thing I've learned is hang
out with Zoey that we're essentially the
same person only I'm a lot bigger
because I was exactly the same I was shy
I was scared of things I didn't want to
do stuff and I really regret it I'm yeah
so many cool things I never liked
meeting new people that was one thing
that I people I really wish that I had
just pushed myself a bit more I always
stayed in my shell I did what I felt
comfortable with and I never I feel I
feel like if I'd have done more mm-hmm I
would have progressed yeah I you know
what and this is what a lot of people
who my age now say wish they're done
more there are few people did loads of
stuff they're like yeah I'm amazing like
climb mountains and I fly but there's a
lot of us you were just like you know
wish I'd done stuff and it really do
this then brings me on to something
really cool which myself and Jim and
lots of other youtubers who you're all
really familiar with are getting
involved in and that it's NCS which
stands for National Citizen Service yeah
basically just a really cool experience
you get to do really fun things meet new
people and just you know experience an
experience of life now yeah and wait
friends yeah exactly which is one thing
that me and Jim didn't do and now look
us what we should have done is taken
opportunities like NCS and just thought
why not why not this is the thing I
think most of you sat here now will
think oh I can't do that that sounds too
scary and looking exactly what I would
have said but you can do it you just
have to say yes and you know that that's
my thing you have to say it look it is
your thing at the moment I have a
bracelet with yes on it so he says yes
to anything like serious like anything
she'll do it we're like seven stories
high just no obviously don't say yes to
things like that
no this next one is don't quit your
driving lessons
halfway through no bad idea I did this
because I had exams and it was all
getting a bit much and I was like I
can't do my driving lessons anymore I'm
just gonna leave that for half a year
and I'll come back to it but actually it
just meant that
half a year I forgot everything ten
pounds less what but also where did you
learn to drive in 1950 2013 I think you
12 pounds lessons nice my man 30 pound a
lesson and the guy was fat and had a
moustache it's gone you know he wasn't I
wasn't like being taught to drive by God
you got mad deal left I was ripped off
moral of the story stick at something
yes oh you'll regret it
especially with something like driving
because that's the skill that you then
retain for life mm-hmm and if you kind
of stop and start it's not you know the
best yeah oh I think she's referring to
lesson not driving because you do stop
and start when you join you will crash
die just want to quickly point out the
lighting is changing slightly it's just
because for some reason today the
weather is all weathers we're in some
sort of vortex wormhole Bermuda Triangle
stuff going on here because one minute
is snowing the next minute is sunny then
it rains it hail gee it's it's honestly
the weirdest thing what's it called when
it rains a lot and up in New York that
film it rains and Jake Gyllenhaal zin it
do about the giant thing no it's just
there's a lot of water it's okay not to
know what you want to do when you're
older
yeah you know what there was so much
pressure i remember when i watch the a
you know that oh my god I hate
everything is this okay you think I
would be sick but then you know you get
past that point you like Joe what I'm so
glad yeah make up my mind and do that
and then end up wasting my time because
life changes you change things that
sponsors change everything changes that
you might think when you like now you
might be watching this thinking I want
to be a doctor but in two years time you
might not want to be doctor and that is
okay even if it means doing 50 jobs you
hate yeah at least you know that's 50
different things you know you don't want
to do exactly and eventually you'll find
something you do want to do and you'll
live happily ever after and you will
marry a prince or a princess and a baby
lows a baby won't be my dragon no 25
babies and they're gonna be called
Cinderella Sleeping Beauty Ariel
yeah good you Keegan I can't think of
any more snow white strange me Rapunzel
and I know I'm that's a good name while
I'm not this is specifically for me and
any other
else out there okay do not over pluck
your eyebrows no just for girls I know a
lot of guys that I don't know really I
see it from time to time oh I just
thought oh okay I'm this age
I've got eyebrows are a bit of heights
that one set one eyebrows I've got
eyebrows are a bit unruly I think I'm
supposed to tweeze them like this I
didn't look at there weren't there
wasn't youtubes watch tutorials there
was nothing I just looked at someone
else's I bought some went okay right so
let's try this then over plucked way too
much I had a tiny thin line eyebrows are
there for a reason there is a definite
look around the high-school time what
that's like this yeah you know in my
kitchen with that without eyebrows how
bizarre we let Zoey leave your eyebrows
alone yes I relieve your eyebrows are
you you sat there you're right but if
you're there now go watch this video put
your tweezers down okay so that
concludes all the things I would tell
myself as a teenager yes I hope that
this has helped some of you maybe some
of you are teenagers and you're going
through the exact same thing I hope so
too because there are like and it's kind
of serious know there are lots of things
I wish I had told myself you too me too
a lot of those things I think I
definitely overstressed on things you
just didn't know it but at the same time
you do learn a lot from it you know I
didn't do I did it my sort of teenage
years then I wouldn't be Who I am today
exactly what a lovely point to end on
thank you that's okay so that is just
right everything if any of you are
actually interested in finding out more
about NCS which I briefly mentioned in
the video the link to their Facebook
page is down below you can click that
find out more it's something that we
actually are genuinely kind of into and
we're quite heavily involved so check it
out
we also filmed a video over on Jim's
channel which is very similar to the one
we just filmed now except you know a
boy's perspective especially talks about
girls and stuff got bit weird beard
something needs ladies would be as well
the covers we come with your beard right
yeah we did I don't actually have a bid
but yeah up close maybe
so click Jim now and that will take you
to the video or you can wait to the end
there'll be a link and it'll also be a
link down there for you mobile viewers
and um and make sure you subscribe to
and whilst you there thank you very much
hanging out these days
he's a lovely fellow even though he said
out of beard you don't really have a
beard
thanks Jim you managed to scrape that
one body occasional really hair that's
actually do this with something oh no no
okay
so we're gonna go now and shave we go
now and I'm going to introduce my razor
to notice things I do not ever be by I'm
thinking people hunting under thinking
breasts looking down hey why should get
aget damn boys always like a booze I
can't forget you're right they're never
gonna know why shrimp you looking at me
also I'm not lit from beneath hmm
I'm sure people will find you attractive
in time oh that's kind of mean isn't
yeah you're right there Tanya you come
in like a little mouse is it makes you
kind of thing okay well I'll do that I'm
gonna I got flung so now I don't
thinking I don't know when one door
opens another door closes no wonder I
was a window
no.11 when one door closes another one
opens when rhetoric is that right
it can be the wrong way around how about
where the door closes you can always
escape through the window oh my god a
window house or a tree
holy cow so that's about it we're
casually tossed about it right right
right oh great and she probably get off
