hi everyone it is me I'm here filming
you a video than all ours
you may notice I've not done a whole
video in a very very long time that is
not because I'm not been shopping that
is just because I haven't had the time
to sit down and combine all the things
I've bought over the last couple of
months to share with you but now that is
exactly what I'm going to do so sit
tight and enjoy the first place I went
to buy possible options for Florida
clothing was Zara and thankfully they
did have some summery things in the
first thing are these cute little shorts
with a drawstring I don't know what kind
of print this is cow print splat
black-and-white print I really really
like these and I think that it might
look quite cool another pair of shorts
from Zara with a slightly different
print but in a very similar style with a
little back pocket and yeah I just
really like these everyone needs shorts
for holiday to tan your legs also from
Zara which isn't really very summery but
I thought this might be quite nice for
the plane journey because it's quite
comfy and cozy and slouchy and that is
this jumper is white and it's extremely
huge and baggy and it has just thin
little arms this looks weird like it's
upside down but it's not a quality feels
really nice like look it bounces it
bounces I don't know what that means but
it feels nice
also from Zara I do love's are at the
moment they have some lovely things in
um I've got this black top and it's very
very slouchy and very very thin you
would have to wear something across your
boobie Department because the front is
very low I did think at first that that
could possibly be the back but that
could be the front but then no because
look the labels on that side um and they
just have like quite loopy holes and I
just thought that they would be quite
nice because they're so thin and nice
for hot weather there's nothing worse
than being somewhere really warm with
really tight clothing
there's just sweat City that is I got
one in white as well because one no
the fact this is all very
black-and-white so far that's not very
holiday is it also from a soft calm I
picked up this dress this is quite hard
material so I don't know what it's gonna
look like it's cut it's sort of one of
those dresses that has to fit nicely
once it's enough it has a big zip down
the back I just really love the floral
print um and it kind of just comes to
here and then goes out so I just thought
that would look really nice with some
cute little sandals and yeah I mean if
it fits I've not tried any of this on
yet so I could try it on and it could
look awful but I like the print on that
the next dress that I picked up from a
sauce is this cute little one is black
and it's Jersey and it has big white
flowers and it's a swing dress so it
literally just drops and does this I
just really really liked that that was
really nice
this has some more color in it this is
from ASOS and it's from the brand mink
pink and it's like this it's just a
sleeveless collar shirt dress and then
it comes down into green ombre now you
know how much I love my ombre in fact I
have Rhian braid they're very ends my
hair are very blonde
I hope I'm hoping it's not see-through I
just thought you could wear this either
with like little shorts underneath and
with some sandals and some Sunny's and
this would look nice so picked that up I
also picked up this dress which I
thought was super cute but looking at it
it looks a teeny bit big it's got this
little color and you know how much I
love my colors and it's navy blue and
the top part is like quite see-through
mesh then obviously where the boobies
start it's very much opaque so there's
no chance of anyone seeing anything
there and then it kind of goes out all
pretty and it has this on the bottom so
it's kind of sailor II cute sailor II
style one more fashion II type item I
guess is also from Zara but I did buy a
few weeks ago and that is this bag
I know that a lot of people have bought
this bag and I can see exactly why it's
the perfect bag for taking places the
main reason I thought this would be a
good bag is for taking on the airplane
because it has every compartment you
could possibly want and I've still got
cardboard in there which I don't need
throw that away
huge compartment here it's got a laptop
compartment in the middle which is
actually padded to keep your laptop safe
and then there's this compartment here
and then there's an iPad compartment and
a phone compartment so to be honest it's
the perfect travel handbag Oh got things
in leather I don't know I had all
saints' vulture I really like it and if
you go to work or you commute and you
need to take your iPad and your laptop
this would be perfect perfect size onto
Beauty since I'm going to be going to a
hotter country than the one I'm
currently in it means that I'm going to
be wearing smaller quantity of clothing
which also means I'm going to be pail of
anything so I decided to get some fake
tan I've never tried San Tropez fake tan
ever now this is kind of odd considering
I've been writing about beauty products
for four years I've never tried this one
it's the self tan dark bronzing lotion
but they've left the security thingy on
this well it didn't beat when I left so
I also got this one which is a wash off
version so if I'm a bit scared of this
and it goes terribly wrong
at least I've got this to fall back on
I'm able to wash off I also picked up
these number seven beautiful skin quick
thinking wipes but all skin types
removes even waterproof mascara
hypoallergenic I thought I would get
these for my handbag or hand luggage for
on the plane because as you know the
plane is not good for your skin so if
you sit there with a full face of makeup
for a whole eight-hour flight your skin
is gonna feel horrid so I'm gonna take
my makeup off with these and make sure
my skin is all nice and yeah keep those
in my hand luggage so the next few
beauty items that I've purchased are the
Rimmel apocalypse lip lacquers I
seen so many people raving about these
but I just couldn't resist any longer
and I picked up three the ones I picked
up were nude Eclipse which is a really
pretty pinky nude color a big bang which
is a red and my favorite of the three is
this one which is Luna which is like a
really pretty
Coralie pinky shade and that's actually
what I'm wearing now so yeah I really
like these so far so far so good the
next couple of things are again one of
those things that have been hugely hyped
up in the world of beauty and I still
haven't tried and that is the Revlon
just bitten kissable balm stains
everybody and their mother and their
mother's dog dad raves about these I've
gone for this one which is the 0:20
lovesick which looks nice and I also
went for this one which is 0:15 cherish
devotion wait a minute this one says
love sick passion eh
and this one says cherish devotion so I
don't know the where I'm going wrong
there but that could be the names if not
stick to the numbers but they look
really nice and I'm excited to wear
these moving on to eyes and eyeballs and
things it also appears I went a little
crazy on eyeliner I'm not too sure why
I'm quite happy with the eyeliners that
I have but I obviously wanted to venture
into new discoveries or something weird
the first one I picked up is the L'Oreal
infallible Starling eyeliner which says
waterproof lasts up to 16 hours and I
got that in a very dark brown I quite
like my dark brown eyeliners I know a
lot of people will mostly go towards
black but I think sometimes dark brown
it is quite nice and little more soft on
the eyes the next one I picked up is the
L'Oreal super liner blockbuster this
thing looks like a sharpie look at it
this is a sharpie so I'm just interested
to try that also picked up my current
eyeliner which I use all the time
whenever you see me wearing a winged cat
liner it will always be of this and
that's the L'Oreal super line a perfect
slim which is a really
really thin nib and that's like super
super easy and that's what I normally
use and then the last thing is this
bourgeois queen attitude court Kajal
because cuz scary they look I've never
used one of these I don't know a lot of
people swear by these and say that you
can put it in your waterline and it
stays put all day so I was just you know
interested to see how that would work
but yeah mmm interested to try that for
cheap products I only got one thing and
that was the Revlon Photoready cream
blush in pinched which is a really nice
peachy shade hello
here it is and there's the color look
how pretty that color is I desperately
want to put this on my cheeks next thing
I purchased was a real techniques brush
and this is by Sam Pixy woo and I have a
few of her other brushes too which I
really really like I wanted a big powder
brush because I don't really have any
that I really really love and this one
is looks huge so I'm going to give this
a try and see if I like it there's Sam
on the back working all pretty the last
thing was a little treat to myself
yesterday is this um Space NK bag how
exciting let's look what's inside mm-hmm
don't turn it down it is the happening
palette now I am going to show you this
but be warned you may want to buy it
this ladies and gentlemen is your
perfect handbag best friend I'll show
you why oh god I just love new palettes
that have never been opened it has a
blush contour slash bronzer color and
lots of really pretty eye shadow colors
okay so that is everything that I spent
my money on over the last couple of
months just to make life a little bit
easier for you guys I have listed all
the items shown in this haul in my want
worthy list which I will leave a link to
just down here
if you're wondering what want worthy is
it's a really cool site where you can
make lists of all the items that you
want to buy or that you're planning to
get for somebody else it's really really
cool it's really easy to use and even
more cool is that the really kind people
it won't where they have said if you
sign up and create your own list of
things you really want they'll pick one
winner who can win up to 500 pounds of
their one worthy list and fingers
crossed for whoever wins just a quick
note also I'm going to be filming a lot
of Florida on my little vlog II camera
so make sure you subscribe to my second
channel which I'll also leave below and
where you can see vlogs from the holiday
the airport me and Louise probably being
completely barmy and also I'll be with a
lot of other amazing youtubers and I'm
obviously going to share that with you
guys so make sure you subscribe to that
and I will see you next week bye ah you
sure it's in focus because my eyes are
blurry I seem to have a bit of a
shopping addict chin think my mother's
singing yep terribly teri type of blood
type of lip balm lacquers that's it
oh dropped one is the apocalypse nope
oh no I'm going up don't pick them yep
yep okay nope they haven't if you ever
have hiccups and you need to get rid of
them drink your drink upside down watch
like this put your mouth on this side
gone
hey don't make them crinkled
you got a suede eyelid don't even get
sweaty I've been it's all he looks this
is the most unusual feeling in the whole
world feel into his eyeball for the
eyelid
