hi everyone I am here today with my
brother Joe hi
it's not a joke from YouTube and he is
my brother
we did a video quite awhile ago now and
it proved very popular than that it just
reached 1 million views your best like
oh my god that's like 1 million face the
video was of me attempting to do Zoe's
makeup and I must admit I was terrible
so we thought it was about time now that
that video had hit 1 million yes
celebrate in style with a new my brother
does my makeup but this time I actually
want you to properly attempt none of
this oh I'm gonna give you a big massive
eyebrows because I don't know what I'm
doing you actually have to try ok so I
have a teeny tiny bit of concealer on
just to spare you of seeing all my spots
and things and in here is all my basics
of everyday makeup that I use so I'm
gonna have this out to Joe now I'm quite
nervous
hey start off with some foundation no
first of all it's not pour on it like
it's just like I would just run out with
it I was gonna put someone's brush but
this gonna go close your eyes no I'm
gonna take those too
I think I like to grip the head so that
it move its bomb go come on I know your
face is going to look at their lives
take it maybe it's Maybelline concealer
wash da da wash it it's like war paint
on it what about all my spot you didn't
have any very good complexion is perfect
not it's not that have two spots today
if you got a spot and you can feed it
brew it on your face I always call it a
Bobby Brewer
what am I tell you I've got a Bobby
Brewer why are you doing us so hard as a
target area
sunny dab it right find the person say
see what did you make up on find out
women say it was so I need to go powder
my nose
then they dismiss a palette
knows baby still black sherface you can
go for two different colors by a look of
it when you want to choose your
contouring what do you think that's for
that's not gonna contour is it to come
to balance a con the con vectors oh sure
yeah it doesn't mind coming off the
pallet does it break it is nice well Joe
what supposed to be doing no I actually
am like I've been up at you put a face
full of Hulk bigger right no is it so
parity I've messed up big time so I'm
gonna change you a bit and going over it
with this stuff again was it good powder
powder well why are you moving away from
are you scared yeah cuz I got clear on
there Wingardium Leviosa
expelliarmus you give me Joe off of the
channel I got for you Joe look like I've
given you Jones Joel Jones shallots
carrots oh you've given me a pinch
chancellor what goes that not lip butter
why this even in here I keep it no I
stuff I'm gonna give zobeir blusher and
this is not that's not even makeup is a
toughy right this is Russia
baitfish owner Joe thinks this is
blusher especially
we're gonna go with some of the less
good shell Pro Prime with a little -
between smudge-proof eyeshadow base
anything that's got base on it you know
cause that's boring
well why are you putting it nice we'll
call you
I show base eyeshadow
that's right surveyed don't make me
crinkle you go sweet eyelid don't even
get sweaty I've been this is the most
unusual feeling in the whole world
feeling someone's eye ball through the
eyelid stop moving we try to teach me
eat my finger open ah no that's not
enough oh yeah Stephanie enough he's
been examiner sorry like this not me
calm down
what are you doing come sorry it's nice
stuff
now I look a bit ill yeah so we're gonna
give you some more blusher eye line
you're gonna do a cat eye you know with
a flick yeah no me too
yeah I think you should try huh sorry
forget this in your Bible that's the boy
dollars come on that's actually not too
bad
oh you dick you mean I don't got dot
your beauty spots back in you know what
yes obviously masks are a scar up skaara
so don't take this exit so take a break
come in wait twin blink-blink
blink-blink
me performative kappa my life don't ruin
your makeup
don't move in it wasn't my fault your
long view tensile this is where you want
your brows kit hmm
this is where the brows come in well you
need to pick the right color which color
do you think I use this well actually
yeah 33 2 basically that's going through
the house and just color in the skin
behind in there
yeah that's why people feel in their
eyebrows to make them look a bit more
like prominent promiscuous no use from
it
missus oh it's hard to let you take
control you
plenty more scammers in the fact scare
is mascara mascara I've got a choice of
three lipsticks now this one stands out
because they've probably gone to town
the case nut is that casing you think
you've sampler on a very bright pink yes
very loud yawn pink it screams out look
at me I'm a new makeup this has been
done by a professional
this question is its game you want some
moisturizing your lips as well
what's the moisture moisturizer for your
lips cord again William how well do you
think you did compared to last time I
think I don't know or better this time
what do you think I think you've done a
much better job if you really think
considering you are an art student a lot
more precision could have been applied
to your technique okay so I hope you
enjoyed this video do give it a big
thumbs up if you did that would make us
extremely happy wouldn't it it would and
if you haven't done it yeah please do we
filmed a video over on Joe's channel
because Joe has a channel this time
thank you ever co-drivers brother and
sister make sure to click his face now
and it will take you to the video or you
can wait until the end where there'll be
a big link and make sure you subscribe
to him whilst you're there
bye
baby help me put my lipstick
actually been seriously taking the fish
I don't really remember yet I'm gonna
make you like okay it's so freaky
