hello everyone so it is that time of the
month again where I talk you through all
the things I have been loving for the
past 30 or so days although staying that
February is only 28 days so for the last
28 days that was a fail the first thing
I'm going to start with is quite random
it's this little device now this is a
back combing brush you may not have
heard of one of these but they are
scary-looking kind of looks like when I
use brushes you use to like polish your
shoes or an odd like horse toothbrush
hello just looks good
I've been using this quite a lot this
past month to back home just the roots
of my hair a little bit don't like to
say back home too much because that
sounds very vigorous I'm I kind of just
mean to tease just to tease the hair a
tiny bit because as you know back
combing is not the best of your hair so
I definitely would not advise it in
copious amounts or every single day but
this was about two pounds something from
boots I think you can get them pretty
much everywhere and the bristles are
just really really good for grabbing a
strand of hair and just pushing it down
to back comb your hair and you have just
been using this quite a lot I really
like it it's really quite handy I tend
to use this mostly what I've just washed
my hair because as you know freshly
washed hair is a slippery little bugger
and it's shiny and soft and yeah that's
really nice but you can't really style
freshly washed hair freshly wash it
that's really hard to say freshly washed
hair freshly washed hair freshly walk
eight the next thing I've really been
liking is this fudge hairspray now I get
through hair sprays like oxygen they are
my oxygen tanks this one is soft touch
anti frizz firstly soft touch is a
definite yes if like me you don't like
crispy hair no one wants crispy hair it
just it sounds wrong it is wrong it
looks wrong it feels wrong swear it says
soft touch I'm already sold anti frizz
definitely he wants frizzy hair if you
can avoid it you avoid it the reason
that I actually like this so much is the
smell of it it says it's iced raspberry
and vanilla
who doesn't think that sounds delicious
it smells so good I kind of spray this
in my hair just to smell it which is
kind of bad yeah I've just really been
liking this and I believe they have
other scents and flavors and stuff which
is just awesome and also the hairspray
does a really good job as well besides
the smell I know not everyone goes for
the smell when they're buying a
hairspray so if you know if you want a
decent hairspray that smells delicious
this is the one that you should try this
next product I'm blaming entirely on you
Tanya burr yes you if you're watching
this I'm blaming this on you I recently
watched four of Tanya's tutorials and
she was using the Estee Lauder Raisins
palette oh I it slipped into my
possession and I don't know how that's
happened I think what may have happened
is that Tanya burr said you need to buy
it and then she was there and she told
me if I didn't buy it then she would
kill me that didn't actually happen what
happened was I saw her using it and it
looked really nice so I bought it it's
really super pretty there's a very very
light pearlescent pink and then a
shimmery sort of aubergine II brownie
ready color that's the best way of me
describing it um I really like this I've
used this so much over the past like two
weeks I can't get enough of it I've got
it's kind of become my everyday I staple
and I love it
what next next is a foundation that I've
had in my makeup collection for a while
and it was one I used a few times and
just not really gotten into using there
aren't many occasions where it would
take me a while to get used to something
and enjoy using something but that's
what happened with this it is the cult
NARS sheer glow there are a lot of
people that rave about this foundation
and that is why I wanted to give it a go
when I first tried it I really didn't
like it I didn't like the coverage I
didn't like the fact that it wasn't
massively juhi and I felt like at the
time my skin was a lot worse and I felt
like this didn't really do a lot but I
thought I found this
collection about two weeks ago and I
just thought man I'm gonna give that
another go because I'm feeling oh so
very adventurous today and I put it on
and I absolutely loved it it's what I've
worn in my last previous like three or
four videos and I feel like the coverage
is a lot heavier now I'm not too sure
maybe it was the moisturizer I was
wearing before I don't know but I just
love how this looks on my skin I feel
like it makes my skin look a lot like
skin whereas before I was
overcompensating enjoying it and getting
a bit too used to the wet kind of I look
so healthy and dewy and possibly quite
sweaty look and instead I've gone for
something a little bit more natural and
I feel like this gives a good coverage
but still looks like skin and it still
has a lot of dimension to it and it's it
blends nicely and yeah I've just really
been liking that the color that I'm in
is Mont Blanc which could possibly be a
bit too like me at the moment but I make
it work somehow the next product is
something that I've been using just for
the past week or so
and oh if I could open it it's from
sleek sleek are one of my favorite
drugstore brands because they're cheap
but also the pigmentation and the
quality of the products is insanely good
so if you've not yet checked sleek out I
would definitely advise you to do so
their blushes are one of my favourites
like ever and including this one which
is a new one I think it's part of the
aqua collection and it's called mirrored
pink it's this gorgeous iridescent
shimmery pink and it's just so super
pretty I've got it on now and I've worn
it for the last week and a half probably
with every single makeup look but I've
done and it just makes you look healthy
and glowy and it also because it has an
iridescence to it it also highlights
your cheeks and just makes you look
super super healthy this is the secret
to healthy glowy skin and it's so cheap
I definitely want to get some more of
these sleek brushes because they're just
brilliant to have and they're so
pigmented and I have cute little mirror
in there too handy for on the girl this
next product is also something that's
quite a cult beauty product a lot of
people would spoken about it a lot
people have raved about it and for some
reason I didn't jump on the bandwagon I
didn't have any inclination to try this
product and it is the their real by
benefit mascara the reason that I didn't
want to try this is because I hate
plastic applicator so mascaras I'm
definitely more of a brush mascara girl
and that is only because any other
plastic applicator mascara that I've
ever tried I've hated I feel like it
doesn't grip the lashes well enough I
feel it you can't get much of a curl in
it I just never got on with them but is
until I had a sample of this in a beauty
advent calendar I think it was and it's
I just really really like it I don't
know what it is that is so great about
this but again I've worn this for like
the past two months and love it I wear
every single day and I also feel like
it's quite good for bottom lashes too
and it doesn't smudge and it makes my
lashes look fuller but not clumpy um
yeah I really like it apparently is the
number one best-selling mascara in the
UK it's good it's really good I like it
now this is kind of odd and I didn't
know whether to include it in this video
because I didn't want you guys to get
the wrong impression
it just has a weird name and I haven't
actually researched into why it's called
this but it's just called this it's the
doctor lip original nipple balm for lips
now I don't know if this was originally
created for nipples and people put it on
their lips and it did wonders on the
lips and now it's just called nipple
cream for lips um I can say I've not put
this on my I just can't say it just
can't say I have to say I've not used it
in that sense but on the lips this stuff
is amazing says the original Beauty
secret for sexy lifts and soft nipple a
hundred percent natural hyper allergenic
multi-purpose balm with no parabens
ultra hydrating for any dry skin areas
including lips cuticles elbows and feet
for glossy lips apply liberally so this
is basically just a
at no-frills bum Chi I suppose kind of
like this without an eight hour cream
you can use it on any part of your body
I'm not too sure why they're focusing
specifically on nipples are there a lot
of dry nipples in the UK at the moment
because I've not heard about that and
I've not seen any nipple bombs around so
I'm not too sure about that but on the
lips which is where I've been putting it
um it's really really nice it leaves my
lips really hydrated I like that it
doesn't have a scent I like that there's
no extra Ness about it and I'd like to
apply this at night so that in the
morning my lips are all nice and
moisturized I'm ready for the day so yes
I've been enjoying this thank you dr.
lip with your original nipple balm for
lips okay this last thing is kind of
random but I have to include it because
this is probably my favorite thing of
the whole month and it is a white
company candle I went to the white
company at the start of the month and I
had a little browse through their
candles because if you hadn't guessed
already I'm a complete candle addict
they had loads and loads of candles and
the one that I spotted and absolutely
fell in love with is this world mint
peppermint spearmint and white tea um ah
the only way I can describe to you how
this smells is that it smells like
mijitos it smells like mint
it smells like brown sugar it smells
like apple Uihlein goodness and just
lots of mint and it just smells
incredible I picked this one up because
this was the only size that I could see
that they had and if they have a large
one I'm definitely going to be buying it
because it is by far the nicest smelling
candle it smells really fresh it smells
really light like it's just a really
nice refreshing smell and I think
sometimes it's nice to have like you're
calming smells and you're relaxing sauce
then is also really nice to have like
you'll pick me up like nice springy
fresh smells and that's one of those
okay so that is all of my February
favorites I hope you have enjoyed this
video all my links for all my social
media will be in the
bah just here just down here you click
show more all down there for you and I
will see you all very very soon I love
you goodbye
why does my neck look c20 what are you
lolling at shut your lulz I've been
using this quite a lot this path my path
with path months but it always happened
to my throat oh my god ah happen mutton
what has happened to my throat oh my god
any doing classy girls drink water out
of pipe dog was in the white come I
don't know what sad oh my god I've lost
my voice how do i do going my video well
I what that it's happened to my voice
okay I'm gonna have to try oh my god
okay let me just try and finish with a
normal voice I've kept a secret diary
from the age of 10 until now this is it
12 years of writing in a secret diary
and there are some juicy stuff in there
