hello I've seen this video floating
around the world of YouTube and the
interwebs and it is the 50 facts about
me video I just thought this video would
be a really fun video to film and also
it would be really cool because it also
lets you guys know a little bit more
about me as well so I will get started I
am 5 foot 4.5 inches now those 0.5
inches make all the difference I have
size 3 feet which makes wearing heels
very very painful but it also means that
I get to buy shoes from the children's
section the view from my bedroom window
is miles and miles of fields and forests
there is literally not another house in
sight lilies are my favorite flowers I
have never been to a funeral I used to
pretend I couldn't swim in swimming
classes so that I would never have to go
in the deep end where all the children
had to swim underwater because I never
wanted to get my hair wet or were
swimming caps so I used to put my feet
on the ground whenever we do swimming
tests to determine which group we were
going to be put in and it worked and I
never had to go to him down the deep end
I was an extra in Harry Potter 1 and
Harry Potter - but you can't see me I
did still get to wear the uniform though
and in year 1 I was in Hufflepuff and in
year 2 I was in Slytherin I was also an
extra in Cranford which is a period
drama and they did a Christmas special
and you can't see me in that wearing a
bonnet and no makeup when I really
really liked a song I mean really liked
it I will play it on repeat over and
over and over for days on end until I
don't like the song anymore on my own
pretending he's beside me stop saying
that way I'm secretly a very messy and
unorganized person lucky charms are my
favorite cereal yet we don't have them
in the UK there is something very wrong
about that when I was 16 I chopped all
my hair off to here and I absolutely
hated it and couldn't wait for it to
grow back and since then I have never
gone short again because I'm terrified
when I was little I had blonde ringlets
which is very different to how my hair
is now my blog URL was originally show a
blog spot.com and the reason
call it that was because that's how I
said Zoe when I was younger because
apparently I couldn't say my name
correctly so showy was how I said my
name kind of loved Phillip Schofield
just a little bit secretly just love him
I have a phobia of vomit now apparently
this is very common and a lot of people
suffer with this phobia but you know
just thought I'd let you know I have a
phobia vom mashed potato is my favorite
food I will eat it with everything the
Isle of Wight is one of my favorite
places to visit it's just full of lots
of memories and I used to go there quite
a lot as a child and I am super excited
to go there in a few weeks it's
desperately miss old Saturday night TV I
say they bring back blind date with
Scylla and our graham and bring back
things like the generation game because
Saturday nights are just not the same
anymore my family is so big I don't even
know some of my cousin's one of my
favorite songs of all time is fields of
gold by Eva Cassidy very sad very
depressing but I love it
I am rubbish at applying false eyelashes
just rubbish I bruise like a peach you
could poke me in the arm and it will
leave a massive bruise I used to have
two goldfish one was called Rosie one
was called Jim they did not live on a
canal boat they lived in a tank me and
my friend once sold a four posters and
wild flowers in bunches to tourists in
our village because we wanted to make
money to buy sweets I would call that
very savvy and you know entrepreneurial
others would call it a bit skanky
I am completely useless at texting back
or getting back to people if you're
watching this and you know how useless I
am I'm sorry I'm really sorry it must
drive people mental I don't smoke I
never have and I never will I used to
have a whole one of my bedroom walls
completely covered in black-and-white
photos printed out from the computer of
me and all my friends and all my family
it's gone now though the film Molly and
me you know the one with the dog watched
it in the cinema absolutely bald so much
so that I even cried in the car journey
on the way
home from the cinema and the stupidest
thing about that is that I have never
had a dog the only way I'll ever eat
fish fingers is if they're so overcooked
they're almost black when I'm cold I get
extremely grumpy and snappy until I can
be somewhere warm to defrost I once saw
these singer Paloma Faith in a shop and
I turned to my friend and I said oh my
god this poem of faith my friend never
replied I'm not too sure who that is oh
yes you do you do know who that is got
my phone out to show my friends the
album art so that it would sort of jog
her memory showed her the album art
started playing her album out loud in
the shop she looked over at me as if to
say really playing my music while I'm
about 2 inches away from you and I
honestly wanted the ground to swallow me
up I actually started getting into
making videos and editing videos when I
was probably around the age of 10 I used
to take photos and short video clips of
me all my friends and edit them all on
movie maker and put songs in the
background and have slideshows and funky
transitions between things and then I'd
save them and actually have all of them
saved onto a disc I weren't sat and
watched a spider-man movie with Daniel
Radcliffe Rupert Grint and Emma Watson
which was interesting tango ice blasts
are the best thing about going to the
cinema I love those I almost wish I had
a tango ice blast machine in my bedroom
it's gonna be done when I'm older one of
the things I would really really like to
do is to design my own house and then
live in it because that would be really
frickin cool I used to be massively
addicted to the Sims I would be on that
game from the moment my eyes opened to
the moment my eyes closed at night
repeat 24 hours a day seven days a week
I was on the since I've been writing my
beauty blog for four years now that's a
long time and that seems to have
absolutely flown by my very first proper
job was in a cafe and I absolutely hated
it I will never be working with food
ever again
speaking of foods mushrooms and cheering
fish are my least favorite foods even
talking about them is making me feel a
little bit
I'm scared of spiders wasps bees lady
Birds or ladybugs anything that crawls
or flies
besides airplanes and babies as much as
I love hot chocolate I can never finish
one even if you give me a small hot
chocolate I'll never be able to finish
it I always leave a little at the bottom
I'm not really too sure why I can't
leave any baked beans in the can when
I'm emptying them into a saucepan to eat
them I have to make sure I've tapped out
every single baked bean it's kind of a
kind of bit of an OCD thing with me and
even if I can't tap the bean out my very
last resort will have to be getting a
spoon to scoop the remaining baked bean
in I've kept a secret diary from the age
of 10 until now this is it 12 years of
writing in a secret diary and there are
some juicy stuff in this sometimes I
feel like I'm a little bit psychic and I
can almost predict what people are going
to say and I think in my head before it
happens it's weird and now you all think
I'm a complete weirdo but I swear
sometimes I'm a little bit like it I can
read your mind
I'm an extremely empathetic person if
you cry I will most probably cry with
you even though I'm fine I pretty much
live in comfy PJ bottoms or joggers
because if I don't need to be anywhere
or do anything um why not
I have been driving for four years and I
passed my driving test on the third
attempt I once wrote an entire fictional
book based on a girl who fancied her
next-door neighbor and wanted to make
him fall in love with her spend months
and months writing it printed it all out
on April paper probably was about this
thick have no idea where it's gone and
there's no way of me ever tracing back
to the original file on the computer so
that was fun and interesting but
goodness knows where it is now and last
but not least I'm terrified of the sea
or the ocean swimming around Oh little
facial coral I can still stand I can
still stand I can see things around me
and I can still get up out of the water
and it'll only be up to my knees
the second you can see miles and miles
and miles below you and you can just see
until it goes back what if something
just came up out of there and just oh it
just bothers me that I could see for
miles down and all the fish were getting
Flores smaller but the small ones at the
bottom were probably not even that small
anyway
I don't like to swim in the sea okay so
I hope you enjoyed this video and it
allowed you guys to see a little bit
more into my life and find out a little
bit more about me I would love it if you
could leave any interesting facts about
you because obviously now you know a lot
more about me and I just never know
anything about you guys so do let me
know some interesting fun things about
you that I can read in the comment or
even better idea film a video response
and leave it down below and I can watch
that as well
do you give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I will see very soon
goodbye my video but I have the nice
video for you guys to get to know a
little bit for bit a little bit of ball
never have to go down down with you
Daniel
Radcliff asses name yeah Harry Potter
that one game gained apply it on my face
as you know you apply mask it's kind of
standard procedure I leave on for around
5-10 minutes next I like to apply
