hello everyone today I'm gonna do a
video explaining and going through all
the different things I like to do when I
have a pamper evening now if you're
unaware of what a pamper evening is it's
you know if you've had like a really
hard or if you've had a bad day you've
come home and you're feeling crap or you
just want a bit of me time it's the
perfect thing to do I know that a lot of
you watching this will have pump
evenings where you just take out a
couple of hours to yourself to do a
little bit of a beauty regime just to
sort of pep yourself up and also it's
just quite a nice thing to do before bed
sometimes okay so the first thing that
I'll do when I want to have a pamper
evening is start to run my bath a bath
is the perfect thing for pamper evening
I know that a lot of you will be shower
people a lot of you we've asked people I
think I'm a mixture of the two although
I think a bath is a lot more relaxing so
that is a good way to start your
pampering evening once the bus has
started running obviously you like some
candles I have a few cheap ones from
Ikea you can get them in loads of
different sizes I also have a really
nice big white company candle which is
in the scent Seychelles which I recently
got and it is amazing such a nice smell
so I just like a few candles set the
mood you know whatever mood that may be
the things I put in my bath for the pump
evening firstly is the lush bubble bar
which you crumble under running water
and it makes tons and tons of bubbles
and that is in popping the bar I really
like the scent of this one it's not too
sweet and it's not too fruity or floral
e it's just quite a nice calming smell
so I've popped that in I also pop in a
bath bomb from lush as well and that one
is in Dragon's egg it produces quite a
few different colors although I think
the main color of the bath water once
it's finished D fizzing is a kind of
weird orange color so it does look a
little bit like you've weed in the bath
but it's all good it's a nice bath and
also I think
these bath bombs are really beneficial
for the skin because they always leave
my skin nice and soft anyway so pop that
in obviously you can use a bath bomb or
bubbles of your choice I know there's
some people don't like bubbles but you
know they cover your dignity I feel like
bubbles are a protection over me when
I'm in the bath so it's quite nice to
have those too but you know pick and
choose as you like the next thing that
I'll do is wash my face I always wash my
face before I get in the bath because
the steam from the bath is always good
to cleanse the skin open up pores you
don't want to get into a bath with a
face full of makeup because that is
never good so I always wash my face the
cleanser that I used is the Emma Hardy
amazing face cleansing balm use that
with a flannel or a muslin cloth just
rub it in all over the face and then
wash off and you're good to go
once I've washed my face are then going
grab myself a cold glass of water I've
got it in a wine glass it just looks a
lot more sophisticated you can't have a
massive pint glass on the side of your
bar so I have a cold glass of water with
some heart-shaped ice if you're over the
legal age for drinking alcoholic
beverages and you've had a particularly
tough day you can change the water for
something a little stronger if that
floats your boat the next step is to get
into the bar that's not difficult I
don't think you need to talk you through
that bit you put your feet in and you
get in take your clothes off first I
don't have a shot of myself in the bath
because I thought that would be kind of
inappropriate so you can just imagine
actually no don't do that that's not a
good idea the products that are using
the bath I have been loving the neon
scrub which is also my favourites last
month I use that all over my body just
to exfoliate and it also moisturizes my
body so much that I almost don't even
need to use any moisturizer want to get
with bath but I do anyway because it's a
pamper evening I then use the lock town
or lots of town however you like to
pronounce it I know everyone has their
different variations or preferences
shower oil which I have also really been
loving recently it's really nice to
shave your legs and things with this oil
and it also leaves your skin super super
soft and
okay so what's in the bath you've got
your glass of water or whichever other
beverage you prefer to have when you're
chilling in the bath you've got your
candles lit you've scrubbed your body
you've washed your body in a nice Shell
Oil and you're feeling all nice and
fresh
the next thing that I would suggest that
you do is either read a book if you're
reading anything or I've got my iPad so
I like to dangerously I would suggest
you maybe do this over the bath so that
you don't drop it in the water
I am currently reading a book on there
or you can play apps and games and
things that's the joy of an iPad
currently I'm a bit addicted to hay day
as you can see I'm not too advanced on
my levels yet I have only just started
playing the game so any of you hay day
experts out there no judging okay I'm a
newbie I'm a heyday newbie but I love it
and I'm addicted
hey once you had a little chill and
you're all done I get out the bath then
dry and then this is the part where I
decide to wash my hair and I wash my
hair using the TGS factor smoothing
shampoo as you can see it is in a giant
bottle then gets that on size blasting
me absolutely forever and I just washed
my hair over the bath because I don't
like to wash my hair in the bath I don't
know why I just don't I prefer to do it
separately and then once I've washed my
hair I like to use a hair mask the one
I'm using is the TGS factor series
conditioner this has a sunflower seed
oil or something like that and it's
really really nice I love the smell of
it smells like strawberries and cream
and I leave that on for a good 10 to 15
minutes and I wrap it up in a turbit
towel if you don't know what Turbie
towel is there a great invention know
how you wrap your hair up in a towel
they're basically designed to do that
for you and you just clip it on with a
little bit of elastic and it stays put
it's brilliant once my hair is being
left in the mask and is wrapped up in
the derby towel or towel whichever you
like the next thing that I will do is do
a face mask obviously it's not going to
pump or evening without a face mask the
one I'm using is the Niraj clarifying
mask which is for blemish control if you
have any pesky spots or blemishes this
is a really good mask I just apply it on
my face
as you know you apply mask it's kind of
standard procedure I leave on for around
five to ten minutes
next I like to apply a body moisturizer
the current one I'm using is the Laura
Mercier and coconut milk souffle body
cream smells amazing does an amazing job
and it just leaves your skin feeling
super super soft especially after using
the scrub and the shower oil
I then Chuck on a onesie now this part
is optional but you know you're in your
onesie you waiting for your hair mask to
do its job you're waiting for your face
mask to do its job there is nothing else
you can do but have a onesie boogie
after you've done your you know one zebu
e or you've just sat and chilled I know
that that's what most people like to do
or you go and put a few bits of cucumber
on your eyes or something like that I go
and rinse off the face mask it's then
that I apply my nighttime skincare so
I'm currently using the Estee Lauder
advanced night repair serum and then on
top of that I just applied the origins
drink up intensive overnight mask which
is really really good for hydrating your
face so I put that on and then my face
is good to go for the evening after that
I will rinse out for hair mask and do my
hair routine blow-dry and all that sort
of stuff with my hair and then my hair
is all good leave that as it is after
that I will paint my nails the color I'm
going to paint them today is the Topshop
peaches and cream and then obviously
there's the Chevy topcoat to go on top
which is a lifesaver if you are like me
and you're super impatient at waiting
for your nails to dry mine get chipped
and go or sludgy and look terrible
unless I use this top coat so glad this
is finally in my life maybe now I will
start to enjoy painting my nails a bit
more and then once your nails are done
that is your pump evening complete
I love pamper evening and I do these on
a really regular basis probably twice a
week just because I'm a massive Beauty
attic as you know so I get loads of
products and I want to try them all out
and it's like the perfect time to try
out different things that different hair
masks different face masks and also it's
just really nice to just de-stress and
unwind and just have a bit of you time I
think it's really important for all of
us to do that so if there are any
products that you have as a staple in
your pamper evening routine do let me
know in the comments because I'd love to
know do let me know if you liked the
video by giving it a thumbs up and I
will see you all very soon video why
would I want to ever want to have let
stick my teeth just just some this is my
Valentine's cards Valentine's kisses for
the one I love oh my god they even put a
picture of you on the phone they managed
to find a picture of him but on the
front
