try intro intro intro intro Oh punch
myself in the head everybody today I'm
here with Alfie a pointlessblog hi guys
we were attacked by joey graceffa and
cat rific to do the love tag and we
waited until the perfect opportunity and
you know valentine's day couldn't get
more days away four days away days I'd
also just quickly like to point out
we're not doing this tag because we're
lovers we're not we're not oh that
that's what they were thinking
friend-zoned I friends argue like
friends don't you do by friends in
whatever then well then we just friend
zoned friends describe love love love is
a many love isn't it bang love lifts us
up where we belong all you need is love
please tell me you know what that's from
yeah I do I just don't want to say fail
you failed me
question one brother form no I think
love is a very big emotion you feel
towards somebody in a really competitive
way so you can love my bed I love my bed
quite a lot I would say I love my bed
well then you are lazy oh just watch the
Moulin Rouge that's what love is
okay I'll watch it I'll go and watch it
and then I'll know what love is that's
what I'm gonna do you better learn the
words I'm gonna other words no come back
here and sing them to you this one's
quite deep one literally one minute
let's get my snorkel out do you believe
in love at first sight I've never
experienced that personally I have the
first time I saw one direction singing
on stage I forgot what air was do you
think you could ever actually bump into
a girl and think I love you immediately
not love you could bump in somebody be
like yeah it's like the vision of like
you can see love like you looked into
the person's eyes you just saw that
hearts floating he's like the demon head
master and then they just made out and
made be mm-hmm
here was your first love as a child or a
teenager I don't know I've never been in
love
I've never loved anyone as a child apart
from family
how about your first like big crush on
somebody and there was this girl when I
was like four years old apparently eyes
kiss her a lot this what my mom says I
know guys thanks they call me the pimp
she came out for dinner and her mom came
around as well yeah I was so embarrassed
I hid in the toilet the whole time I
really thought that you had tummy
troubles I think that was so for me this
one I can't really answer but how do you
not get jaded by love so if you've had a
bad relationship or something then how
do you not think I'm scared to go into
another relationship I think the only
thing you can do is just learn from it
like as a positive thing if you think of
something like that really negatively
and let it affect you badly then it will
only like hinder anything else that
could happen that would be good so just
think about all the crap that happened
and how much of an asshole he was and
think at least I'll never be with an
asshole again thank you thank you
she's all right I was going to say
there's plenty more fish in the sea but
you Paul you know you want to go out the
fish do looks matter in love deluxe
I don't think looks like obviously we're
not gonna lie looks do matter a little
bit I'm gonna throw that there you might
say that's horrible but being honest do
you want to be physically attracted
somebody as well as emotionally but I
wouldn't say matters knowing it as much
as emotionally especially with love by a
hundred percent agree give me some
hi-yah
so throwing off topic a little bit do
you move back in school I don't if you
did it because you're from like a
different part of the UK for me hmm did
you ever have like on Valentine's Day
where you all give Valentine's cards and
cloths and some of that I just get quite
a fear I got a fair few I mean I've got
some hair just some just just some this
is my Valentine's cards Valentine's
kisses for the one I love oh my god they
even put a picture of you on the front
of it they managed to find a picture of
you put it on the front well a lot of
people may be looking forward to
Valentine's Day but there may also be a
lot of people who are not looking
forward to Valentine's Day because they
have nobody to spend Valentine's Day
that doesn't matter because Valentine's
Day is just a normal day so whether you
by yourself or whether you're with your
partner
I think it's just a day for everyone
didn't do it's just normal day so either
nobody loves you if you were to be with
the girl this Valentine's what would you
get her as a Valentine's present I would
sing her serenade her with some love
songs while the band is playing
backgrounded to march in March what
would you do I would create a perfume
and I would make it with with my own
urine
no I would buy them a horse and then I
would ride on the horse and then I would
would you have a flag in another hand
I'd have a flag I'll get airplanes with
a name and I would get a bouncy castle
and a ball pool just just for fun and
then I would take them on a tour option
McDonald's you've done with McDonald's
I'm only a happy meal though that would
be nice that's probably realistic as
well love lifts us up where we belong
did it it do where eagles fly forgot
it's all the questions yeah Joseph
filmed another video today over on my
channel which was more questions more
love tiny romance see Valentine Z
questions make sure you either click
healthy now click his face there'll be a
box just here you can wait to the end
where there will be a big link to the
video well I think we need to be doing
guys is all going down below down there
and clicking the like button because I
think it'd be really nice present give
Zoe for Valentine's would you like that
or everybody now just click that like
button also when you do go over please
make sure you subscribe to Alfie I like
your videos I don't any like yours
I do really they're my favorite did you
know all my channel I'm only subscribe
to one person with you we love you
I'm actually expecting Harry Styles to
pick me up smoke
