howdy firstly I would just like to point
out that I am wearing a t-shirt that
says dork and a lot of you also informed
me on my previous video that a door
means whale penis so yes I'm wearing a
t-shirt that says whale penis maybe
whale penis will be in fashion a whale's
penis must be very large I apologize if
you're eating your dinner okay this
video is going to be my January
favorites video because if I leave this
any longer
it's no longer going to be relevant as
January was a very long time ago so here
is my video for you hope you enjoy it
the first thing I have been really
loving using for a few months now
actually I bought this in December is
the Emma Hardy amazing face cleansing
balm this stuff has been raved about by
plenty of people over the last couple of
months and I run out of Liz Earle
cleanse and polish so I decided that it
would be good time to give this a whirl
because I've had some really good things
about it
it's a balm Penzer so it feels quite
oily and it feels quite strange when you
apply it and it's not something that I'm
generally used to but I've really really
enjoyed using this and I think it's
helped my skin and mentally it's really
really soothing calming it be good for
sensitive skin in fact this would be
good for all skin types I've actually
done a much more in-depth review on my
blog so I will leave a link to that in
the description box if you want to read
up more about this but you basically use
it a bit like glozell cleanse and polish
where you apply it to a whole face of
makeup and the oil in the balm breaks
down all your makeup and then you wipe
it away and it leaves you with really
nice clean skin and it just leaves your
skin feeling really really nice so I've
really really enjoyed using that next
thing I've enjoyed using is for my lips
now this is a cheapy and it's available
in most pharmacies like boots and
Superdrug and it's the Palmer's cocoa
butter formula dark chocolate and
peppermint lip butter this stuff is so
addictive it leaves my lips feeling
really supersoft but I also like that it
has a really glossy Sheen to
it because I mean I know that a lot of
people don't like to have a glossy lip
balm and they prefer something a little
more matte but this is just really nice
it makes my lips look nice but most of
all it tastes delicious you just kind of
end up sitting there like and then you
just lick the whole thing off then you
just put it all on again not supposed to
eat it but it tastes really nice it's a
winner a winner for your handbag and
it's really cheap too and it's just very
addictive it smells like what those
things at Christmas after 8 min that's
what it smells like the next thing is a
face mask which I have been using pretty
much every week once a week and it's the
Murad blemish control clarifying mask I
wanted to get a lot more interface masks
so I had a little look online read some
reviews and this one looked like it
could be a winner so I purchased this
one it's for I mean it doesn't say on
here but it is for blemishes and
controlling oil and it's also for spots
and things like that and recently I had
left a little outburst of spots I think
it was mostly hormonal or possibly a
product that I used on my skin which did
not agree with me so I was like oh Lord
panic stations I have spots all over my
face and I don't like it
I need something to calm my skin it's
quite thick it sets really nicely it
doesn't sit hard either and so it
doesn't make your skin feel really
stripped and I just love what my skin
looks like afterwards and I really think
this helped soothe my spots and get rid
of them once I have a spot it usually
takes a really long time for the blemish
or the spot mark to fade away like I'm
talking months and months and months
that's my main issue with my skin and I
think this has helped that too so it's
definitely worth looking at this is the
wrong way around definitely worth
looking at if you are the sort of person
that would spend a bit more on skincare
to make sure it's something that will
really really work for you because it
isn't cheap it's a little bit more on
the pricey side but I personally think
it's completely worth it so if you are
looking for a face mask check this one
out
also being really really loving a the
neon real luxury organic body scrub it
says it has lavender jasmine and
Brazilian rosewood
it smells insane it smell
oh so nice as you know I love my soap
and glory scrubs for the bath but I also
really love neoman as a brand I love
their oils their candles so I literally
could not wait to try this
Oh smells amazing when I use this on my
skin my skin has never felt so soft I I
think it's the oils in it I don't know
what it is that's in it but I use this
on my legs and my arms because I do get
quite dry skin and when I get on the bar
I'm literally just like touch my skin
touch my skin I'm just obsessed with
this stuff but I do try and use it
sparingly because again it's not the
cheapest product but I I would highly
highly recommend this if you're a scrubs
person or if you like to pamper yourself
in the bath or anything like that it's
really nice
okay the next product I've been really
liking through January is something that
I bought in a little set which was in
the sale and it was Laura Mercier and it
came with four of their body creams I've
not tried any Laura Mercier body creams
or smell any of the cents but I know a
lot of people that really really love
these so I wanted to see what all the
fuss was about
so I bought the set of four here are all
four not so easy to holla many have
childlike hands they're called a body
cream souffle so it's like a really nice
consistency they sink into the skin
really really nice
they are literally amazing they smell
incredible
I tell you the flavors that came in this
set there was fresh fig creme brulee
almond coconut milk and my favorite one
which I've been using a lot a lot is the
ombre vanilla or ombre vanilla with a
little accent so I don't know how you
say that
there's such nice luxury body creams and
the worst person for using body cream
really really bad so um I would
definitely say check out the Laura
Mercier body kit in fact I want to try
now more from this range I think they
have like perfumes hand creams scrubs so
I'm gonna look into these a lot more I
think another thing I've been loving is
something that I purchased from Boots
and it was in my boots haul and it is
the Vera Wang lovestruck
boom I have to admit the bottle is super
impractical for traveling and it's just
a complete nightmare if you're on the go
and you want this in your handbag that's
just a no-go really really like the
center this I'm very very fussy with
sense and I don't like anything to
sickly-sweet and I don't like anything
rose scented particularly and this is
just quite a I would say it's more of an
evening sand something that you would
wear a night out something quite musky
but also quite sophisticated and not too
overpowering on the flower front so I
really like that looks pretty set on
your dressing table bow yeah you could
kill someone with that okay the last
product that I've been loving through
January is a nude lipstick oh my gosh
everybody stop what you're doing I'm
using a new lipstick I used to be a
massive new lipstick person if you watch
any of my old videos the only lipsticks
I'll ever by or wear were nude so I kind
of delved into my old nude lipstick
collection and I brought out a dessert
by Topshop which is a orangie beige
I prefer orange II nudes to pinky nudes
purely because I think the orange tones
suit my skin tone more than the pinky
tones do and so I've been wearing this
an awful lot and just popping a bit of
gloss on top just like a nude gloss and
I'm all good to go just to make this
slightly more interesting I'm going to
add on a couple of random things that
are not beauty or makeup related the
first being pop tarts I have become a
little bit obsessed with these I
actually got these ones from Louise for
Christmas along with my favorite ever
pop tart flavor which is s'mores and I
also discovered you can pick up like
playing flavors in a stirrer so I've
also got chocolate and strawberry I eat
them all times of the day and when I'm
hungry that's you know normally when
people eat Zoe I'm annoyed that we don't
get more exotic flavors here in the UK
because all of you in America you get a
really big wide variety
pop-tarts yet I have to stick to the
more basic kinds so damn you one other
thing I would quite like to briefly
mention is that last night I went to the
Odeon to see Les Miserable I said that
really badly or Les Miserables however
you like to pronounce it I'm pretty sure
the French would probably pronounce it
perfectly it was really really good I
would never normally say I'm a musicals
person but recently I have enjoyed them
a lot and I'm as you know I sing
everything all the time
I probably sing about 20 times in the
day so to go and watch whole film where
all they do is sing was brilliant one
other thing is just randomly um a band
on YouTube who I think are brilliant are
called the vamps they are three boys who
are extremely talented all really nice
guys and I just love their music so much
they do covers they do mashups I'll
leave a link to their channel below
please go watch them and subscribe I
have like many different black holes in
YouTube that I can get sucked into I can
either get sucked to the cute things
like cats and dogs and babies laughing
or you know the beauty videos or all my
friends like the guys like vloggers like
I love all their videos and then there's
the music side which I also get really
sucked into and I could go on for hours
just looking at people's cover so please
go check out the vamps I'm sure you will
also enjoy it and that is all the things
I have been loving through January do
you give the video a thumbs up if you've
enjoyed it let me know what you've been
loving through January in the comments
and I'll be sure to read through some of
those and I will see you on Sunday for a
Valentine's special with a special guest
so you can look forward to that and see
you soon bye
 Fox Oh oooh Oh
electrocuted looking in the comments
through January no through January in
the comments whales peanuts
this is gonna kill my flowers poor
flowers transfer basically I need you to
insert things into my hand into my hands
granddad / granny / cotton from
EastEnders style blazer jacket throw on
thing she don't know word for it
