all right laughs so new intro some
flowers
how very homely of me last week I was in
London and I met up with one of my
friends and London is good for many
things one of them being shopping I had
lots of Topshop gift cards left over
from Christmas so we decided that would
be the perfect time to go to the Oxford
Circus Topshop because it is the best
Topshop ever and they have a million
different floors full of everything you
could ever want or need from Topshop as
you can imagine
Topshop on Oxford Street gets incredibly
busy and I don't really like to shop in
extremely busy places so my friend
actually came up with the idea of
booking a personal shopping experience
which I didn't realize you could
actually do in Topshop and my first
thought was it's going to be expensive
it wasn't it was free and it made life a
lot easier for us when you go into a
shop to try things on you have to wait
in the queue for the fitting rooms for a
start and also you only get to take a
small amount of items in with you at any
one time and the great thing about the
personal shopping experience was that
you had your own room and you could go
in and out when you wanted to and try
out as many things as you wanted so
because I felt like I had complete run
of the store and we had so much fun it
really wasn't great for my bank balance
but I've got so many amazing things that
I'm really happy with so I am going to
share them with you okay the first thing
I got is this really nice um horizontal
striped and loose top it's kind of short
but um I tried this on and tucked it
into disco pants style houses which I
will show you in a second and it looked
really really nice and the back is
vertical stripes and they have little
buttons all the way down and I just
really liked that I thought that was
really nice I also thought that that
would be quite nice for spring and
summer because it has no sleeves and
also it's quite loose-fitting so it's
quite breezy and you need clothes to be
breezy in the summer if there's anywhere
that have good dupes
what American Apparel has given its
Topshop these are pretty much disco
pants but half the price so I picked
some of these
because you know you can't have too many
pairs of spandexy sandy from Greece
start rousers I also picked up these
really really cute little shorts and
they have buttons up both sides and
they're just they've they're just so
cute they're like frilly on the bottom
now I'm not too short if I'm if I'll
ever be brave enough to wear these
without tights because I don't like my
legs but maybe if I'm abroad somewhere
and I've got myself a nice tan then I
might be brave enough to wear these the
next thing is a top which yes is very
much like the other two tops I own from
Topshop which say geek on the front but
this one says dork I like the word doc I
don't think this word is used enough
it's a big baggy start a shirt you know
I love my baggy t-shirts and it's white
and black and pretty simple and I just
thought this was cool to just throw on
and you're good to go
really but one thing that you may know
about me is I really don't like to wear
jeans I don't know why I don't like to
wear jeans I just really don't like the
feel of them I hate what they look like
on me I just I've just grown this weird
fear of jeans and I'm not too sure why
my friend Lily Lily pebbles she makes
videos too she always goes on about how
good the Lee jeans are in Topshop now I
never really contemplated ever going to
look in the jeans section if I'm honest
but I did go look in the jeans section
and actually first tried on these which
are just a very blue denim I don't
actually feel like jeans they're very
very stretchy and very very thin and um
so I put them on and I really liked them
and because I got ever so excited that I
could by actually wear a pair of jeans
and they feel comfortable and they look
okay I bought them in blue I bought them
in black when I bought them in a light
denim this is possibly my most favorite
find of the day and it's very very
simple but I think that this would look
so nice in the summer with some
flip-flops or sandals and it's this
cream dress it's very very loose really
nice like chiffon
fabric it is kind of see-through so I
think you will have to wear like a cami
underneath or something and it just has
this lace band around the middle and
it's just very very floaty and I just
really like it I just thought that was
really simple but really pretty
sticking with the summery theme and the
fact that I am going to Florida in two
months time I figured it was probably
time to buy myself a bikini I don't
think I whipped out a bikini at all last
year anyone's in the garden and that was
it and so I thought it was about time I
treated myself though the bikini that I
spotted and instantly fell in love with
is this one it has a really pretty
flowery print on it and I bought the
bikini top the like standard triangle
bikini top obviously be wearing like
something on top cover up actual like
boobage but you know if I was to get in
the sea which won't happen let me just
assure you I also got this version of
the top because I think it's nice to
have different variations so from
feeling wild maybe I'll wear that and if
I'm trying to be a bit more stylish I'll
wear this and then just because I saw
them and I thought oh they looks so cute
I don't even care if this doesn't suit
me but I bought the pants fit the
bottoms bit pants they're not pants
the bottoms part for bikini and
high-waisted I just think these look
cute and even if they don't then I'll
pretend I look as amazing as all the
other people that can rock a
high-waisted bikini in case I wasn't
feeling brave enough to rock the high
waisted bikini I also got the regular
bottoms so now I have four different
options for bikini wearing which is
great I also picked up some socks I've
got three four eight pounds I've got the
grey ones with the little frills
I just got cream ones with frills and
I've got blue ones with frills as well
because these socks are just really cute
and they look really nice over the top
of boots and they kind of just remind me
of the socks that you used to wear in
primary school with like the little lacy
bits that used to come out the sides
they're just like cute I also picked up
this headband it's polka dot and it has
a tiny little bow I wear my hair and I'm
learn quite a lot and the ponytail quite
a lot as you may have seen definitely
just this just went in my mouth also
bought these boots now I've seen a lot
of people rocking these boots and they
always look so good in them and I was
worried that I would try them on and my
ankles would be too skinny for the
average sized ankle section of a boot
but I was okay and I they actually
looked really nice so I bought these and
they have a little zip here this heel I
can cope with for casual occasions it
was any higher than this or any thinner
than this I would probably be in a lot
of pain and just would refuse to ever
wear them anywhere apart from on nights
out so I think this is a nice boot for
casual and daytime wear I know that this
may not be to everyone's taste but I saw
it and I just thought I'm gonna at least
try and rock that out because I really
really like it it is a granddad slash
granny slash bottom from EastEnders
style blazer jacket throw on thing you
don't know a word for it it has rolled
up sleeves and and it's um so
comfortable and it just drapes and hangs
really nicely they are supposed to be
slightly oversized and a bit baggy but I
just think with a scarf and the boots
that I just got as well I thought this
would look so nice and if you're after
something that's like in that in-between
E stage and something like this is
perfect because it's not too warm but
it's also you can wear it open and it's
not too um cold either so yeah I really
like that it has poppers too so that's
easy to you know in case you need to rip
off quickly and also a trip to Topshop
is not a trip to Topshop unless I look
in the makeup section because as you
know I love Topshop makeup a hell of a
lot the first three things I picked up
where the nail varnish is I want to
start wearing more nude nail polishes
because I feel like I don't ever dip my
toe in the nude water and a lot of
people thought growing nudes on their
nails and I
always think I heard your nails look
amazing I just don't own that many nude
nail brushes so the first one I picked
up is this gorgeous Daisy
taupey color and this is called
threadbare I also picked up this one
which is like a salmon a pink color and
this is called mannequin so I really
like this one too and last but not least
is this pale orange tastily orange color
and it's called peaches and cream and I
just think that's really pretty pretty
so those are my three nude nail polishes
lastly because you know how obsessed I
am with lips I picked up a lipstick
which is one that I hadn't seen in their
before and it's called macaroon
it's definitely more on the Coralie side
of pink which I think will it really
pretty in spring and then I also picked
up the lip crayon I don't actually I
think I've got a couple of these but I
think they're really really good and
they're really they're like a nice
alternative to lipstick so if you prefer
something that's just quick and easy to
just draw on and just go these are
really really good I picked up this one
called secret party which is a very
fuchsia and I also picked up this one
which is called arcade which is a very
very deep plum color I yeah just like a
deep plum so I picked those two up as
well if any of you want to go onto the
website and have a look at any of the
things I purchased there is a link below
where you can go to a page that they've
set up especially for you guys so that
if you want to buy anything that they
have in stock they will have it on this
page of anything that I have just
featured so click the link below if you
want to go and purchase anything that I
have just shown you now for the really
exciting part it the lovely people at
Topshop have given me a five hundred
pound gift card to give to one of you
guys watching this right now
this is upside down there you go this
gift card is actually an empty gift card
there's not five hundred pounds on this
one but the one that you get will have
five hundred pounds on it I just want to
show you what they look like cuz they
look pretty cool there is a link in the
description box where you can go and
enter the giveaway all the information
about the giveaway is on their website
so all you have to do is click the link
below
to find everything out about that and I
hope you enjoyed the video please give
it a thumbs up if you got this far and
you enjoyed it okay I'm gonna go now
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you very soon boy chairs Topshop
chopped off oh good I gave those Devils
there gets very busy I just said that
also do it as well hahaha I'm gonna have
to rock the highway 62 perky but once we
throw thrills they see me hauling hay in
there's no hope it there's no there's no
there's no I'm dirt no he's there
cucumber man cue comes man hey you saw
my toilet
