you look like zoella de Ville so well
ado let's see if the name of this video
hello everybody I am here today with my
new friend Caspar Lee hi
so now that Casper has moved here we
decided to make a video yeah is a male
as you can see oh my gosh this means I'm
a male I know that a lot of you are
young girl viewers and you watch my
videos but also this must mean if you're
into all these girly things you also are
probably into boys I know I was into boy
I fill out we've got custom air today to
give you guys advice about what guys
look for in girls mm-hmm and there's a
lot of things grab a cup of cocoa I know
that when I was younger I wish I had a
bit of guidance in what guys look for
yes guy denied I've put together a list
of five crucial things I look for to go
okay the most important thing I look for
in a girl yes why is the first tip is
that she can make a great sandwich
I'm gonna give you a story about the
time when I was with a skill and she
made me a cucumber sandwich without any
button oh no wow that's like
comingcoming Chara I told it to leave I
said I never want to speak to you again
pack your bags get on my house do you
think that was fair yes she ruined my
punch maybe she thought I was a vegan
well then oh I bet you feel bad now
I should treat her better yeah step
number two is please try and laugh at my
jokes with other day when I was a girl I
mean that's one of my main things is I'm
trying to make her laugh yeah exactly
sense of humor is really important well
I hope so
but like I love making you belong let's
test this it's a joke or not not not
he's there
cucumber man cue comes man hey you saw
my toilet you are for the way joke yeah
you have a cucumber month-out on your
toilet no I'm just really weird yeah
yeah sometime 3 is don't say things like
I look so ugly today oh oh I get my hair
yeah well maybe it's just insecurities
but you guys hate that maybe one needs
your boyfriend it's ok because it's
something you have girls probably have
to get all this yeah but I think on the
first or second night date it's not nice
when the girl is someone to kill
especially when she's so beautiful I
mean most of these girls you're insecure
don't know what for
you're turnin has my head when you walk
through the door
exactly we wouldn't be on a date with
you if we don't like your you know even
if you don't feel confident I think you
should have a bit of air of confidence
about you because that's specially on
the first or second day yeah and then
eventually you can find out that you're
a horrible person not step for this step
holy the step who guys I think
especially in this day and age love
girls who independent we if I asked you
where you want to go for dinner I
actually want to know where you want to
go for dinner I don't want you being
like no wherever you want to go I love
it when a girl can take control
sometimes yeah not all the time I know
what you mean I think it's because it's
easier for a girl to just be polite and
be like oh my tip mind
yeah well I'm gonna like do that I know
well in the future be like oh no no
bitch I wanna know and I hope
independent what girl fit in
women step number five yep probably the
second most important step just behind
step number one is that you know how to
play Xbox or Playstation or computer we
want to have a good game
of whatever we're playing and we want
you to get involved with us you know we
love games yeah and it also shows that
you're paying an interest in something
that you can exactly just like the guys
are going to end up wearing all your
makeup to show them how interested they
are in you old stuff
what if she was better at the Xbox than
you and she has to pretend not to be
just to let you in and then you buy at
the same time you're pretending not to
be better than who you're trying to help
her out and then you and I never put
down the controller baby start having
Furious 6 one last point I want to make
after all Casper's brilliant tip thank
you which you know you can pick and
choose and change as you wish because
everyone has different sandwich
preferences exactly I would just like to
say that when I was younger I was a bit
terrified of boys and the thought of
having to talk to a boy or go on a date
with a boy terrified me as girls we
watch things like Disney where there's
like a man in a waistcoat riding and
riding a magic carpet showing you the
world with a monkey but we're not like
that and that's just a fact of life and
it's okay it's okay that the guy's a fat
slob who does nothing with his life it's
fine
just whistle I would would take me on
the carpet and show me a whole new world
so this then concludes our video oh we
also filmed a video over on Casper's
channel that's right she taught me what
I need to do to get a British girl
friend I'm stirring that up well say
while you're that please
sure you subscribe to Casper's Channel
please give this video a thumbs up I
know how much it means to her she really
loves every single thumb she can get
because you know I don't have enough
very small looks like a birth in my head
Oh
