hi everyone if you watch my second
channel you will know that this week I
went to stay at my best friend Louise's
house and normally this ensues that we
go shopping and buy things that we don't
really need and we both sort each other
on and we go into boots and we're both
like yeah you need that lipstick in all
seven colors I ended up buying quite a
few bits and pieces from boots if you're
not from the UK and you're not familiar
with what boots is it's a shop I'm not
sure why it's called boots because it's
not anything to do with boots that you
wear a fee they sell things from tablets
to Matt peas to bum cream and lots and
lots of different brands of makeup so I
accidentally bought a few things the
first thing that I purchased extremely
boring but very necessary are the
extra-large baby cotton wool pads I
mentioned these in one of my favorites
videos I think they're absolutely
brilliant they're much much bigger than
normal sized cotton wool and a drop on
the floor you get sixty in there and
they're the same price as normal cotton
wall pads so why wouldn't you get bigger
ones to do more of your face with lots
more in the pack it just makes complete
sense hence the fact that I now only
ever buy these I also um in my previous
one of my previous videos I talked about
how much I left the tangle teezer it
just kind of reminded me how much I
really did love the tangle teezer and I
saw an orange one and as many of you
know orange is my favorite color and
also mine was getting a bit old blessing
the ends of the bristles were kind of
bending slightly and I just decided to
treat myself to a new one because they I
can't live without these and if my
purple one completely died on me then I
would just be lost they're really really
good and this is orange just well I also
bought this Denman brush now I know that
this is supposedly a very good brand of
hair brush and since I have really long
hair and I've also um braid it I always
find that if I'm using quite
hairbrush it breaks the ends of my hair
so I've seen a lot of people rave about
these Denman brushes I've never used one
myself but um they look really cool it
says natural bristle with nylon quill
ideal for smoothing and polishing great
so um yeah if there's a little whirl you
get excited about hair brushes then
maybe you'll know this brush sticking
with hair also picked up one of my
favorite shampoos and conditioners which
I've mentioned multiple times and that's
the toning guy cleanse and nourish
shampoo and conditioner for blond hair
love these I don't often go down the
sort of body cream sections because I'm
really bad with moisturizing my arms and
legs and things and bits and I know
you're thinking bum cheeks now I always
always have bottles of body moisturizer
everywhere and I just never seem to get
through it it's just one of those
products that's never-ending but I was
passing and I saw this which is the
Garnier body intensive seven days
soothing gel cream absorbs instantly
that is what made me buy it I hate when
you apply body lotion and you just feel
sticky and you're kind of sat there
going oh I'm trying to dry before you
have to put on any clothes or jump into
bed because then you just like stick to
everything and it's really not very
pleasant so I picked this up because it
said absorbs instantly so I'm going to
give this a try and see if it lives up
to that because if it doesn't I will be
massively unimpressed mister Garnier it
says that it stays intensive and
moisturizing for seven days this means I
don't have to moisturize my body every
single day because I'm lazy and I don't
do that and don't pretend that you do
that either because I know you don't
also in the Garnier section they had a
hand cream with very similar promises
intensive seven days uhm for drying
delicate hands fast absorbing l bifidus
and honey this one smells incredible and
I think this was a pound or three pounds
it's quite different I don't really
remember but I know I have money off and
it was on a deal so yeah I'm gonna
that in my handbag for on-the-go and
smoothing nests when we went in the
random things aisle you know where they
have like the showerhead that connects
to the end of your bath tap and like
shower mats and shower caps that sort of
Isle Louise found these which are the
Botox facial brushes exfoliates the face
for a clear radiant complexion now I'm
aware that this is probably the
bog-standard most basic stripped back
version of a Clarisonic it's round it
has really soft bristles and it's
basically a like cleansing thing so you
dollop your cleanser on or put it on
your face and then you just go around
around in circles to buff your face and
it just seemed like a nice concept so
I'm going to give this a try and see if
it works
sticking with skincare things I spotted
this brand called una Brennan I've never
actually heard of it before I think it
was money off it was like 5 pounds off
each thing and I was like that's a
pretty good deal so I picked up the una
brennan t flower deep clean pore
purifying play mask I really really got
an interface masks recently I've been
using them when I have baths and just if
I feel like my skin needs up ever
pick-me-up clear your skin of dirt
excess oils and toxins which lead to
breakouts with this pure purifying clay
mask also from the range I picked up the
neroli firming illuminate eye cream firm
lift and D puffs your eye contour I very
rarely find an eye cream that I
absolutely love so I kind of feel like
I'm always on the hunt for eye creams
and this just looked like it could work
so I bought it and also I bought the
intense facial serum I'm not really a
massive serum person but I want to get
into using them because I know so many
people use serums and it's like they're
like staple skincare product and so I'm
going to give this a try it says it's
got hyaluronic acid and a high potency
wrinkle reducing peptide and where I
don't have a face full of wrinkles but
it was the hyaluronic acid that made me
think this could be quite good I will
let you know how I get on with that so
yea that's in the Brenin range in Boots
who knew that was there let me know if
you've used it also I picked up
some buy or deep-cleansing Paul strips
for your nose
I have heard very mixed reviews on these
poor strips
I've heard that they're really bad for
you and I've also heard that they're so
amazing because you strip it off and you
can see all the crap that was in your
nose on the strip I've done these before
and they're very addictive but they were
in the sale and Louise grabs them and I
grab them so we'll give these a go doing
my nails is one of my least favorite
things to do I don't like they take so
long to try always smudge them they I
always check them I don't really like my
hands and I don't really like my nails
having said that I'm always buying nail
polish to try and make me love them like
I always see people's instagrams of all
their nail art and how amazing their
nails look and I'm so so jealous so in a
bid to try and make myself like painting
my nails I picked up some nail pushes
the first lot of nail polishes are from
Perry em so they're super super cheap
and these are the jelly high shine ones
I didn't realize that they'd started
doing these so this kind of excited me I
bought this sort of dark greeny blue
which is called watermelon folly enough
the same color little watermelon would
be on the outside I also bought this
really pale lilac which is called
prickly pear which is also really really
pretty
and I bought this blue one which is
called blueberry for Luna and that's
also what I have on my hands right now I
really quite like these actually they
dry really quick and they are super
super shiny are you rate these I might
have to go back and get some more colors
I then looked at the Revlon counter and
I found this really nice orange color
because it's not obvious that like
orange or anything and it doesn't have a
name voice it does sorbet so I really
like that one on the SE stand I picked
up this really really pale baby pink
that is in Fiji this is a very very
popular shade among Essie nail polish
lovers so I wanted to see what all the
fuss was about and so I picked it up I
think this is definitely a summer shade
I can imagine this is one of those
colors that makes you look really really
tanned so I'm expecting good things from
this
and then because I figured one of the
main things I hated about painting my
nails was having to wait for them to dry
I also picked up the OPI rapid dry top
coat quick dry top coat
hi shiny protection it's probably the
crappiest one and you'll all be
screaming no I Helens rubbish but I
don't know anything about nails
hopefully it will kind of save my nails
a bit because I just hate doing my nails
makeup wise I didn't actually really get
a lot but I did get three things the
first one is the Maybelline Color 24
color tattoo 24 hour color tattoo 24
hour tattoo color of color tattoo I got
it in the color taupe I believe this is
called a permanent taupe and it's just a
really really matte topee color lastly
you will know how much I rave about the
Rimmel Kate Moss lipsticks so I went
over and I had a little look to see what
other colors they had that I might like
and because I feel like I'm wearing red
lipstick to death I kind of get a bit
bored of it honest feel like I need to
branch out slightly so I picked up this
corally pink which is the color 16 I
don't know if that has a proper name and
these lipsticks so pigmented it's unreal
I also picked up color 20 which is quite
a bright future berry pink now I am
hugely fussy with perfumes when I like a
perfume I will stick to it and stick to
it stick to it until it bores me and I
really should just get just trying new
perfumes because there's always so many
amazing wines and all these amazing
bottles and and then I sniff them I'm
always so disappointed because I just
expect so much in a perfume and it's
just not ever quite right I don't know
why I think it's my nose it's very
particular and I really wanted to get a
new perfume and so I went in there and
they had one that had been released the
day before and and it was the Vera Wang
lovestruck this is an insane bottle I
think you'll agree so it's not the most
practical for traveling I have to admit
this one was really really nice and I
really liked it and straightaway I
wanted it so I bought that and so far
I'm loving it I just need to spray a bit
I'm a crazy mofo okay so that is
everything that I purchase from boots I
basically need to be banned from that
shop from now on because I don't need
anything else now for a very long time
so Louise if you asked me to go to boots
with you I'm going to have to politely
decline
thanks for watching goodbye
bingo wings finger wings bingo bingo
bingo we la Dauphin take my breath away
how you hope you're all doing good I'm
doing all right
it's bit cold in there why's that yeah
I'm good everything is great herring are
really good to condition in a really
good condition
yeah wrestle it up smaller also I miss
hot breath so on a scale of 1 to 10 I
would rate them a seven yeah yeah pop
plot pop-tastic oh my god it's gone dead
and black
