hi everyone I am here today with my best
friend Louise hello hi to you you may
recognize her from a lot a lot of my
videos I feel videos with you all of
last year we got vlogs on my second
channel last year in 2012 that was last
year wasn't it yes yeah yes we did a
best friend tag and we thought is it
look like just repeating the same
questions we do something similar but
with your questions so earlier on today
I asked your Facebook which questions
you'd like us to answer for you to do
with our friendship and I have the
questions here in front of me so I'm
just gonna get started Fiona Ross what
is your favorite thing about each other
I love that whatever you turn your hand
to is always a success
everything you ever try and do you
always do super well and it always comes
out beautifully and I think that is very
rare in a person well at Christmas I
hate officials and they weren't really
wrong but you have done well before
because you did a blog post I did can i
has prophet enrolls yes I think mine is
you're like amazingly positive outlook
on everything
I am very chipper yes she always always
see the good in everything I like them
Lydia Eccles who would win an
arm-wrestle me I think there's only one
way to find out
well I don't have a table three doing
what
all right not cheat this is how strong
the super a loop Gabby the Lent I think
that's how you pronounce your name
favorite One Direction song kiss you I
was just about to say the exact same
thing oh I just want to take you any way
that you like I take you anyway and that
sounds really wrong other than play
really wedding I would let Harry Potter
Rebecca McGowan what do you think you
would do without each other
I've been really lonely so would I
you're like an extension of me I just
have nowhere to talk to and I wouldn't
have anyone to share my stuff with much
of the reason also I'd be very worried
that there's nobody out there that's as
weird as we are together but nobody
won't be able to be weird with me that's
true okay
Gabriela Sophie Franklin what's the
worst argument you two have had and how
did you solve it we've never had an
imagined argument we've literally never
argued never clapping once we've had a
discussion where we will disagreed and
then we finish the conversation and then
I thought we'd fallen yeah everyone
everyone's like hey if we pull it up
because I didn't reach it you like know
each other okay Zoe
you shouldn't glowy key I really did not
pronounce that very well what's your
favorite memory you've shared together I
really really really enjoyed driving
back from fifties with you yeah I was
just jump Dana yeah yeah she was
actually I actually we were having one
of these like really deep like not just
on the surface deep but like super
discover Co deep for like three hours
and it felt like 10 minute yes that was
really good I really liked that also
lonely that's like one of my highlights
in the year yeah I really like someone
this is serenity I really am Eve Johnson
do you have any weird inside jokes so
Mandy so many that would just make you
chili infused
eat whole dance
Karen fuller do you ever have moments
where you say the same thing at the same
time yeah yes always finish each other's
sentences
yeah we do old couple here we are oh
dear get up more Ashley Beadle
what's your name on your easiest phone
or Louise's name on your phone do you
have some crazy nicknames for each other
yes on my phone so he is Zoe poop
titties why is that when she weeks ago
oh hello Zoe it is apropos why is that I
think it stems from a time where I ran
you and I wiped on home I'd spill hot
chocolate down myself
you like her like poop on your titties I
was walking through town going yes we
like poop on my titties perfect Oh boobs
what am I your phone you're Louise
chubster Oh
critical to the chubby what's worse is
that we call each other this improperly
I'm actually change I don't you were
like Louise of like the one what is one
thing we're calling each other Robbie
yeah chubby I'm a chubby
Cassie Dunford said what's the funniest
thing the other one has ever done in a
public place
Louise and I have this thing where we go
into a public place say boots or super
drug or somewhere you know sings bees or
something and we play this game hey Weez
aren't they those super jumbo sized
tampons that you needed are you sewing
was it the vagina cream you were after
we just like to do this to each other
yes she driver then a Williams can you
rap / sing starships together please
it always makes me smile let's go to the
beach each let's go get away they say
what they gonna say have a drink clink
found the Bud Light beverage is like me
is hard to come right along is it two
three leave a good tip and blow all my
money around the floor la I love to
dance
ships were meant to fly hands up and
touch the sky mr. Clifton says who is
the biggest diva you see I can't
freshener and I get really excited where
I get you airbrush this I really wants
to put it in Louise gasps oh could you
not put that in your car whilst I'm in
it because the smell gives me a headache
my car my air freshener I didn't put the
air freshener she was like I just opened
since I was like no I wish I'm not a
Depot just you don't know what I like
and how I like it
precisely is that not what devious yeah
ever go dad says can you do an
impression of each other you always have
something you don't have yeah I'm
holding forever and I have sprinkler
Reno's this is so I went to a shop
because we have shops in England and
thought this applies eyeballed it has a
collar I use lip colors and Prante
Simmons says what television best friend
a couple would you could pay ourselves
to eg Stacey and essa etcetera I would
say Holly Willoughby and focus oh that's
a nice one
I like that I would say it mandarin
Stevie Oh
many people say that I learn all the
time
we even had a burr and rusty remember
always vote to smoke oh my god with so
Miranda and Stevie yes it if I got your
car bike always smells like you you're
like oh like a bad smells like no just
like your smell it's just like I went
like oh does Oh which one oh oh it's a
funny thing at the same time you're like
my god Miranda and sleeping hey Jessie J
Sommerfeld says say a word at the same
time and see if it's the same one two
three big Yap Zara album says prove
something to show that you are both best
friends forever I know how we can prove
this go we have the same freckle on
opposing thumbs we do we do I have a
purple hair she has a freckle there well
we join them together it's on the other
side this means that we're best friends
for life
what are the odds that you have a
crackle little something nice what are
the office Lucy Payne says who can pull
the ugliest face
okay so those are all the questions that
we such answer today we have also filmed
a video for Louise's channel where we
did a friendship test that was really
really funny so make sure to click the
Wiis now and you can go and watch that
after you have given this video a big
thumbs up thank you for watching and I
will see you very soon let me see what
life is like on Jupiter every mom you
died since a on chica
