happy new year oh not quite sure why
that just happened hello everyone and
welcome to 2013 just in case you didn't
know that it was that wow you think new
year fresh start maybe just maybe I
could do a whole introduction without
getting anything wrong or sounding like
complete Willy but no I just can't do
introductions anyway the whole point of
me making this video for you today is to
give you a complete rundown of all my
favorite beauty products of 2012 I have
quite a lot of products down here that I
want to get through and share with you
and most of them I have featured on my
channel throughout the whole year anyway
so I'm not going to go into too much
detail and bore you all to death I'm
just gonna dive straight in and get on
with it before it's 2014 in terms of
skincare there weren't that many
products that were complete staples for
me throughout the whole year there's
never anything permanent in my skincare
routine but I love and repurchase and
use over and over and over again apart
from these two things which I have loved
a repurchase throughout the year the
first one is Liz Earle cleanse and
polish everyone and then mum and their
dog and the dog's fur ball uses this it
is the hot cloth cleanser I've done a
review of this on my blog I've mentioned
this in many videos it's just the best
cleanser I have ever used easy to use
dump a bit on your hand all over your
face with a dry face then you get a damp
cloth and you just wipe away all your
makeup super gentle on the skin and I
love it thanks Liz the next skincare
product is the Taj missile air water I
have mentioned this also on my blog and
in previous videos micellar waters sort
of came about in 2012 I know they were
around way before then but everyone
seemed to discover them and start using
different brands of them and I have to
be honest I've never heard of them
before
it's a purifying and revitalizing makeup
remover I like to use this after night
so if I've got quite heavy eye makeup or
quite a lot
a lipstick or makeup just remove most of
it and then I'll go on and cleanse
normally or in the morning just as a
nice refresh and again I'll leave links
fat below and I love it my favorite
fragrance of 2012 has got to be quite
randomly Mac to aquatic perfume I love
the smell of it is really fresh it's
really light it's best in summer but
I've just used this all year round my
favorite things for using on my hair
this year have been the S factor range
TGS Factor smells of strawberries and
cream but also I just find that he's my
hair looking so healthy and so silky
soft another shampoo and conditioner
I've also been enjoying is the Toni &
Guy nourish conditioner and shampoo for
blondes I find that these leave my hair
looking really healthy and really not
damaged and ombre is not good for your
hair it makes it look slightly more
damaged than it did before but this I
just I just really really liked it and
considering you can pick this up in
Boots and it's not too pricy and most of
the time it's on a three for two I would
definitely definitely recommend you
checking these out whether you're blonde
or they've got brunette version they've
got loads and loads of different
versions but I just I have really really
enjoyed it sticking with hair um another
thing that I've been using a lot more of
recently since I um braids my hair in
the summer was salt sprays because I
really liked the effect that it gave
just made it look a bit more messy gave
it a bit more texture and my favorite
one is a tawny guy one smells really
nice works really really well doesn't
leave my hair crunchy I literally spray
it in dry give it a little and it just
makes it look like this since I've been
using salt sprays it also means my hair
is a bit more tangled than it normally
would be obviously you're putting salt
spray in it gets a bit kind of more
messy more texture means more knots
basically and that is why I have been
loving and cherishing my tangle teezer
I just pretty much use this constantly
now I've kind of forgotten what a normal
hairbrush is if you have thick hair
or long hair or just head it gets very
knotty very easily please invest in one
of these they're not even that expensive
mine is purple and glittery not that
that makes any difference to what we'll
do to your hair but you know that's the
one that I went for I also believe they
have pink green black many a color so go
wild and I they sell these in Boots -
and also think they sell them online
yeah I just I know that's a bit of an
odd thing to put in your like mm to our
favourites but I think that my hair
would literally look like a matted
horrid mess on my head if it wasn't for
this little beast so I love this moving
on from hair and moving swiftly on to
body things one brand that have stuck
out massively for me this year has been
so I'm Gloria I've been loving both
they're scrubs the breakfast scrub which
smells amazing and the sugar crush scrub
which is insanely delicious and makes
you want to eat it they're both really
good exfoliator they leave my skin
feeling really really nice I would just
like to say that this is my favorite
scent ever ever ever and that's the
sugar crush sense if you like quite
sweet smells but also quite refreshing
like lime and sugar like brown sugar
then definitely go and give these a
sniff I love them and I'm sorry but I
just need to give this a sniff before we
carry on okay I'm good hey now we move
on to the biggest section of favorites
and that is the makeup starting with
face products
I think the stand out foundation for me
this year was the Rimmel wake me up
foundation I was very much a high-end
foundation girl because I just was in
that mindset where you just think if
it's more expensive it must work better
I tried this and I really really liked
it I used it through the whole of summer
this is my third bottle
I believe I even like the smell of it
the the coverage it gives the fact that
it makes you look healthy and glowy
I just love everything about it
concealer wise this isn't going to be a
shock to any of you collection mm
lasting
perfection concealer everyone raved
about this through 2012 I was one of
those people pretty sure this is like my
eighth bottle or something ridiculous
tube or ever this is not a bottle this
is a tube my eighth tube gives a really
great coverage over spots I also use
this under my eyes and it's cheap and
cheerful and it does the job brilliantly
and I will continue to purchase this
forever never discontinue this my
favorite blusher have been the sleek a
trio of blushes in lace the colors in
this one are a matte peach sort of more
orangie peach and a very pretty sort of
shimmery gold coral and then a very
pinky coral at the bottom which is also
matte and I've just enjoyed using these
a lot this year I was also introduced to
the HD brows kit comes like this with a
definitely just drop the brush for
colors I use the ashy Brown just with if
the brush that comes in this or an
eyebrow brush or more recently I've been
using the pencil brush from Mac just to
fill in my brows and yeah I've just
found using powder this year really easy
I always used to think how could people
use powder in their eyebrows that look
so difficult as I was always an eyebrow
pencil girl but yeah I've really enjoyed
that palette moving swiftly on to eyes
and eyeballs and things I have massively
loved this Stila palette which is the in
the light palette I've talked about this
an awful lot it's also on my blog I
pretty much use this every day you've
got ten colors all really wearable some
matte some shimmery you also get a eye
liner which is in a dark brown lots of
love for that
I also had a massive love affair with
the pixi endless silky eye pencils I
have one in black cocoa which is a very
very dark brown and I also have one in
black noir which is black they go on so
creamy and so easily there's nothing
worse than an eye liner
tugs on your eye we're trying to apply
it you have to apply literally hardly
any pressure and it comes out so
pigmented but they're also really easy
to blend and I just I really liked those
moving on to lips I wanted to keep this
down to at least two lipsticks that was
extremely difficult you know what I'm
like I love my lipsticks and throughout
this year I have loved a lot of
lipsticks so I've managed to get this
down to four the first are Topshop
lipsticks Topshop lipsticks are amazing
a really good value for money really
pigmented really easy to wear and namely
I know you're all aware of what this
color is and you all know how much I
loved it and I wore it in every single
video and I wore everywhere when it was
pretty much my staple summer lipstick
color and it is infrared which was a
bright orange next I went through a
phase of loving red lipstick and these
are my three favourite red lipsticks
Mac's Russian red which is really really
gorgeous deep red and if you're after
something slightly cheaper then there's
always the Rimmel Kate Moss lipsticks
which I've also absolutely loved and my
two favorite colors are the very very
deep red which is very similar to Mac's
Russian red in oh one and one of the
newer formulas in 107 which is an even
deeper red those are the red lipsticks
I've been wearing so I really like those
last thing is nails now as you can see I
have a very nice fluorescent orange
which again was a complete summer staple
for me I wore it pretty much all the
time and that is models own each party
really liked that and the other color if
I wasn't wearing this but I was wearing
if not is ESI's mint candy apple it is a
really pretty partly greeny blue but
everything that I have really really
really loved through 2012 do let me know
what your 2012 favorite beauty products
were in the comments because I love
reading things like that I love to see
the sorts of products that everyone else
uses all the time and the things that
everyone else really loves to give the
video thumbs up if you enjoyed it and if
you didn't then I'm really sorry and
that's awkward
and um yeah cheerio for now goodbye -
welcome to 2013
let's all have a hug did you like that
kind of awkward ball for my house is
about a hundred degrees and I want to
strip my clothes off and I can't do that
in this video well I don't really to say
that okay that's not the everyone no
that's very pointless Zoe this year I
have my Harry I already said that
this isn't soap and glory oh gosh I'm
getting all aflutter
shushing Belle's lot and Wow how could
you shut up for a minute
meet you some people watch videos on TVs
now how amazing is that and we're gonna
sound like my granddad okay actually no
I don't want Adam sorry
Oh start that again I don't have any
descriptive words apart from I love it
it was it's really good I really like
this it's great MA
um I don't mean to do that definitely
didn't mean to do that
uh-uh we'll just wipe that on that
pillowcase and then give that a wash Lee
that's it hello
I really hate that's my dad Oh
hmm no that was good
hi chemical Allah is this is I don't
know I would call that a peach maybe a
peach peachy and but I just really liked
this
oh just gripped myself there how
inappropriate and that was 14 pounds
