hi everyone so I hope you all had an
amazing Christmas and you've all made
really nice plans for the new year since
one of my most popular videos to film
for you guys is always a haul of some
sort and mostly a Primark course since
you can't all see what stock Primark
have in their shop online because they
don't have a website it only seems right
that any time I go into the shop and buy
some things that I share them with you
because otherwise I know that you'll all
give me a massive slap on the wrist and
you'll all be very annoyed at me so
therefore I went into Primark I bought
some things and so I'm going to share
them with you son of the items might be
slightly creased because I actually
bought these things before Christmas and
kept him in the bag because I wanted to
show them to you though they stayed in
the bag so that I could share them with
you so they are going to be slightly
creased I should imagine the first thing
I bought is this really nice burgundy
skirt
it's a waist skirt it's just a real nice
fabric it actually reminded me of the
ones in American Apparel which are
probably about three times the price and
this cost 8 pounds or so I think
burgundy is quite a nice winter color
and it would look quite nice with black
tights also got this peplum
three-quarter length white top because I
just think tops like this look quite
nice with disco pants or high waisted
leggings and that was only 5 pounds as I
said in my previous haul the last time I
went into Primark I wasn't really wild
over by any of the jumpers and that's
the exact reason I actually went in
there because last year Pike had some
really really good jumpers and I always
stock up because there's so much cheaper
than anywhere else and there's just more
variety and even if you only wear it for
like two winters then you know it's seen
you through and it wasn't too expensive
and didn't break the bank but this time
I actually found quite a few jumpers
that I liked so the first one is just
this cable knit one and this is I don't
know I would call that a peach maybe
that peach peachy and but I just really
liked this oh just gripped myself there
how inappropriate and that was 14 pounds
so I would say that was quite a bargain
I got cream cable knit one
and it has little Brown elbow patches
now I know that not everyone likes elbow
patches but I just think they're quite
cute and very chalky esque and this was
14 pounds as well also got this jumper
which is more of a coral color and it's
ombre so it goes lighter at the end and
start stuff at the top and the sleeves
on this one are actually 3/4 length and
they're rolled up I also think some of
these would look quite nice if you would
wear a shirt underneath like a denim
shirt or just have the collars coming
out and that's why quite like this one
because it has quite a high neck that
was 12 pounds so that one was slightly
cheaper this three-quarter length um
cardigan just to throw on under a coat
it's not I wouldn't say it's probably
really warm because you can kind of see
through it but I just thought that was
quite nice and Navy goes with quite a
lot they had lots of different colors
but I just figured Navy would work the
best and that was 12 pounds this one is
the same as the cream one with the elbow
patches but in a really really dark navy
I liked that one too and that is same
price 14 pounds and I also got this one
this is this again it's a really high
neck one what's this called is it
herringbone I can't remember and it's
just black and white and again it has a
really high neck so it would look nice
on top of shirts and things and this was
12 pounds as well
definitely going to stay warm now and
the last jumper that I bought has a
really high neck as you can see it's
like a slit there um and it has the roll
sleeves and it just feels a lot more -
no I don't have a word for it just more
like drapey baggy more swishy um and
this was 8 pounds I just really like the
color of this one it's like a kind of
pasta Lea blue pasta leelai' lucky blue
and yeah I just really liked that color
on the theme of staying warm I also
stopped up on a few pairs of the super
cozy tights these tights are incredible
I don't often rave uptight it's not you
know the average thing to talk about but
they have
a fleece lining so when you put these on
it literally feels like luxury like
you're putting your legs into the most
cozy soft thing you can ever think up
and they're only three pound 50 for a
pair so I bought a couple of these
because I can never go to the pajama
section without buying pajamas you think
I have a problem and I should probably
go to rehab for pajamas or something I
don't know if I even exists but somebody
created and send me there I bought these
pajama bottoms which I just thought was
so adorable they have tiny little
strawberries with smiley faces and
little pots of jam and then little bits
of toast with Jam on and it says spread
the love and then a little bow and some
little buttons and I just thought these
were really cute and I couldn't leave
them there because that's my problem
these were five pounds and they did have
a top I think it was a t-shirt to go
with it but I didn't really like that so
I just wear it with white plain white
cami or something to bed and yeah just
liked those this was one of my favorite
things that I purchased you know how
much I love my shirts and my colors and
then I spotted this which is see-through
but obviously you'd wear it with a black
cami and it's this shirt short-sleeved
and it has little Jaguar like gold metal
Jaguar heads on each of the colors and I
just thought that looked really really
nice
that was only 7 pounds so complete
bargain I also got this which was a bit
of the spur-of-the-moment thing but um
you know sometimes when you go on a
night out and you feel like your outfits
not really complete without something to
throw over the top or if you're not
comfortable with your arms maybe this is
that sort of thing it has really really
big sleeves and it's black and sheer and
it has tiny tiny little gold like gems
or studs on it and yeah I just thought
it was quite nice like on a night out
just to throw over something just adds a
little something I suppose
and that was 10 pounds I also got this
cocky top which again is peplum and it's
just a sleeveless one this time and that
was 4 pounds jewelry wise I'm not I've
gone off jewelry and Primark recently I
really have every time I go to the
jewelry section there's never anything
that I really think yeah I can make that
work or yeah I really like that for
literally probably a year I've not
enjoyed the jewelry too much the other
day I went and there
a few pieces that I really like so I
bought them I'll share them with you now
the first one is this necklace it's
silver and have three like sections to
it the first one has a tiny little like
glass gem I suppose second one is a
little triangle and the third one is a
very baby pink gem I don't I think
there's a proper word for these I'm not
sure what it is though and I just really
like that that was three pounds I also
picked up these earrings which are
crosses and there's just silver and gold
and they are one pound fifty for two
pairs so that's pretty cheap and then
the last two bits of jewelry I really
really love this is this necklace which
I would not know how to describe this if
you ask me but I don't know if you can
tell is turning lots of different colors
one minute looks green then it looks
pink that looks purple that looks blue
that looks orange it's just really
really pretty and that was only four
pounds and then sticking with the
triangles I also picked up this one pop
him down there which also has colored
triangles on these ones are slightly
more spiky and obviously hangs a lot
lower and that was only three pounds
also went to the mittens and scarves and
gloves section and I picked up these
really cute little owl mittens these
were only four pounds
they actually have eyes and everything
and beaks and all sorts and you know
these are to keep my hands warm
that's what gloves do mm-hmm another
thing I picked up because I really
really liked it
and I really like the color of it was
this bag which is a salmon pink color
and it has gold studs has a wrist
majiggy so that you can carry it on your
wrist and be all like oh look at me
carrying by the wrist or you cannot
carry it by the wrist and just hold it
under your arm like this
either way I'm sure it works and that
was only six pounds so I like that a lot
and the last thing I bought was this
crop top with long sleeves or
three-quarter length sleeves and it's
quite wide so I'm guessing you would
just wear this like quite casually and
it just has like a lime green and black
Aztec print on it and
this was only four pounds so I just
thought that was quite a bargain and I
would also wear this tucked into my
disco pants or other high-waisted
trouser legging variety types so that is
everything that I have purchased from
Primark over the last two three months
seems like a lot um I guess that is a
lot yeah hmm I have no justification
also say goodbye to my Christmassy
decorations because the next time you
watch a video from me it will be the New
Year and Christmas will be born and I
will be so sad about that
because now it's so far away thank you
for watching the video I hope you have
an amazing new year and I will see you
in January
goodbye Lee blood for as always um
little things I'm gonna keep knocking
this's and it's gonna keep jingling I
just hit my funny bone every sneeze I
sue with I probably the spaces close to
it
no you reach your drunken no no Saul oh
hang on but now Oh
