hello everyone hello I am here today
with my brother Joe and we are going to
film you a festive video decorating our
Christmas tree and answering some
festive questions ho ho ho what great
input enjoy the video let's answer some
questions the true Christmas enjoy the
video baby when the lights show you
something on the light sorry I'm a
ranger I know no better Joe do you not
think maybe we should just wait for me
to finish in this light before you start
yours I'm not sure
Oh Joe you can't just don't fill
question number one are you on the
naughty or nice list what do you mean by
that father Christmas has a list yeah Oh
naughty people and nice people so all
the nice people get nice presents and
all the naughty people get cold I
thought they got reindeer poo yeah we're
not really that naughty
I'd say we're great I'm a saint not a
sinner
get off me you're right hey wait wait
about you Oh Jim plugging maypole around
the Christmas tree poor fella this is
only a burnt toast come on do this but
we're going to do this together and it's
hair are you gonna hold it and I'm gonna
do it
great oh good job
playing your favorite Christmas song
lots of people around baby please merry
Christmas everyone Merry Christmas mr.
Buble
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride on a one
horse open sleigh jingle bells jingle
bells
we've gone imagine if a snowman flew of
your house with a boy right what would
you get did you see that probably make
this me do I'll actually would do blow
get that's enough now okay Odia sauce
does our Creole okay are you doing my
turn okay name all of Santa's reindeer -
a Dixon Victor mix and Dixon Rudolph's
needle schnitzel Cuban - uh Prancer
vixen not reindeer Rudolph why it's my
son so short so small Dasha dancer
Prancer comet Cupid Blixen Steve hurry
no Louise aim miss Liam Liam what is
your favorite holiday sweet or treat I
some reason I'm really enjoying mince
pies at the moment
Oh mince pies I've had it mince pie
every day so far December we like cheese
lips yeah we do like cheeseless I don't
even get in America but like over in
England oh they're so amazing they're
like tiny little cheese snacks and
they're coated and cheesy dust touched
ite does no roof Kinzie do you prefer
receiving presents or giving presents at
Christmas I definitely prefer giving
presses that's like so exciting so we've
done the Christmas shopping for me I
just got pea back so I do all the hard
work and then you just pay me off
imagine if I had to go and buy some his
presence I would never buy one thing
that anyone likes it's not all about the
presents me it's not up as the Tories
it's about all the family having fun no
no about that
what is it Christmas what about it's all
about Jesus shepherds and sheep sheep
pop a big part of it why meet lamb on
Christmas there wasn't turkeys at the
nativity scene was er it was just sheep
Joe Jesus didn't eat your turkey on
Christmas Day do your best turkey
impression
a lot of these ones yeah there's no red
I like men on a Christmas tree what I
paint Hawaii but you're the heaviest all
right then top of life on the edge okay
huh all around me
oh this one this on no that's the horrid
one what do you want for christmas you
take out of my cursors tree okay this is
a stand up on it
he's such a loser it's jump not jump
from here so you should take your
program folder come online I met Kahn
what would be your dream place to visit
for the holiday season
as much as I'm sure Christmas is amazing
everywhere else I could just never
imagine leaving home such an adorable
words that Australia and New Zealand
have like summer weather for Christmas
yeah I can't imagine being somewhere hot
on Christmas Day but you've next year
you come here for our Christmas a year
after that we'll go to your Christmas
anyone up for that let us know I am ah
no buzzes are you a pro present rapper
or do you fail miserably how many
Christmas presents have you wrapped this
year zero that answers that question
but you should mention actually because
I've actually done a video on my channel
today today way today well I actually
attempt to wrap up some presents but um
it's a slight twist just go and watch it
okay so that is a wrap up figure we hope
you enjoyed listening to us artists more
festive questions and we also hope you
enjoyed watching us fail miserably at
decorating this Christmas tree be sure
to give it to your thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we hope that we made you
feel a lot more festive we show Merry
Christmas we wish you a Merry Christmas
and a Happy New Year boom
Kusum done get frosting for Vic
Melbourne the come over look at it look
at it look at it look at it look at it
look at it
