I run look it's Christmassy I have been
doing vlogs I used to do follow me
around type blogs on this channel and
then I realized Kyle doesn't really fit
in with the whole you know Beauty
hauling thing so I made a second channel
where you can watch videos like these
I've just kind of what I get up to in
the day things I'm doing um I don't have
a set schedule I just film things as
they happen if I think that you might
find them interesting click one of these
three videos it will take you over to
the channel and then you can subscribe I
will let you do that now in one of my
follow me around videos I had my handbag
with me and lots of people commented
saying where'd you get your handbag I
really like your handbag and it made me
think do you know what I've not done a
what's in my handbag in a really really
long time in fact I think the last I did
it was like June or July and so what I'm
gonna do for you today is that what's in
my handbag but I'm gonna call it the
winter edition here is my handbag this
handbag is from Topshop quite recently
it has two straps gold hardware little
gold studs and things and it also has
one of these straps and my gosh it is
heavy and I do not have the muscles
biceps and triceps and whatever else
sets on my arms to be able to hold that
for much longer I believe this was
around forty or forty-five pounds which
is not too bad I don't know that it's
real leather it probably isn't but it's
a good size I think for carrying around
all your essentials or things that you
know you shouldn't have in your handbag
but you do anyway
I'm going to get started and delve into
my handbag let me see what do I have I
have a card here and a couple of letters
that I picked up the other day so thank
you very much to those of you that sent
me that I think I read these on my train
home which was really sweet and there's
some really nice letters in there say
thank you if you want to send me a
letter you don't have to you know the
choice is there if you want to take it
or leave it
but I have left my PA box in the
description if you do next thing I have
my hat now this always starts off on my
head and ends up in my bag so hat is in
there I have my headphones which are
tangled what a surprise
these are my old iPhone headphones if
you have an iPhone 5 you all know that
they came up with some new headphones
which I don't like so I use the old ones
because you know my is prefer those I
also have my strange but cute little
iPhone protector for my handbag and it
just sort of Lots into his mouth and
then he goes young I will try and
attempt to find the link for this
because it was from an Etsy shop but
it's just the cutest little thing ever
and I know a lot of people might think
this is kind of weird but I really like
him I think he's really cute I have my
little coin purse this is from a brand
called Johnny loves Rosie do you like to
keep it all together in one little place
as opposed to trying to shove it all in
my purse so purse is still the same that
I had in the summer it's Patrick Cox I
have no idea where you'll be able to
find this this was my mum's and she
wasn't using it so I borrowed it and I
am still borrowing it just has a middle
section section for some cards and
things I do have a lot of store cards um
I have a Tesco Clubcard nectar card a
debenhams Beauty card a Space NK card a
Koster card I'm finished yet I see /
drugged Beauty card and a boots
advantage card now these are not store
cards that you might be familiar with
where you pay money and you spend on
them they're actually the sorts of cards
where you can collect points and then
spend the points I have a card for
everything I even have a Tesco Clubcard
or attached to my car keys so I don't
know if that makes me really lame or
sappy also have some Terry's chocolate
orange sweets this is my least favorite
this is why I have these left and these
are the milk and dark chocolate combined
I'm not a big fan of dark chocolate I
don't really like it so I bless those
singen I find these little pots quite
handy because you know you don't get
tringa more over the bottom of your
handbag an umbrella because it's
wintertime and it rains a lot here in
the UK um an umbrella is vital for your
handbag at this time of year have to be
done my vlogging camera oh this is a
pass on it bluemix TZ
that's very difficult to say very
quickly it's okay it films in HD it's
wide screen it focuses really well this
is actually what I used to record my
videos on my youtube channel on so um
yeah trusty old camera which I'm now
using to vlog things like this in the
street oh hey a variety of different lip
balms I never have just one lip product
in my handbag ever the first one I have
is just Carmex moisturizing lip balm I
quite like it does my lips wonders use
them very soft very moisturized so I do
enjoy that I also have the nukes rev de
miel lip balm which I really really like
I don't know the other night if you
watch my vlogs you'll see that me Louise
aid in a hotel room together and when I
was in the bathroom this was passed
under the door Louise had written pinata
and then a really bad drawing of a
pineapple I don't know if you can see
that but it's there and that did make me
chuckle v doing that in my handbag I'm
gonna keep that just for the lulz
I also have a copious amount of trying
to hook hurts I have a little bracelet
that somebody made me how cute is that I
should want to tap try and type this on
although I find hanging bracelets on on
myself extremely difficult oh jeez
nope I have my little woolen panda
mittens these are the cutest things ever
these are from Primark and I believe
they were about two pounds I know that
Ingrid
or missglamorazzi would probably really
enjoy wearing these so Ingrid I had you
in mind when I bought the
these because they're pandas are the
cute I also have a Burt's Bees
thoroughly therapeutic honey and grape
seed oil hand cream although a hand
cream is vital for me all year round I
have to use an extra extra moisturizing
hand cream in winter because otherwise
my hands are so dry that islets you just
I'm well I don't even have words
that's me Sam cream it's really good it
keeps my hands hydrated 5p I'm rich
it's my little emergency safety kit
let's have a look antibacterial hand gel
this is a lifesaver especially if you're
going to be going on the tube you know
you don't know where people's hands have
been or what they've touched that's not
really wrong but you know men touch
things when they go for a wee and I bet
not all men wash their hands what
escalated into something else very
quickly and got a bit weird tissues this
one is the crochet design I particularly
like this one which is why I chose it
for my handbag I also have this really
cute keychain by origins on this one
it's a rejuvenating hand treatment and
this one is a peace of mind on-the-spot
relief which I have found to be very
very useful I bought this because I went
to Lisa's house I forgot a toothbrush
and you can't forget a toothbrush when
you go stay somewhere I picked up this
kit that came like this which is of a
toothpaste and a toothbrush and then I
thought actually I'm just going to keep
these in my handbag because there may be
times when you've had gone out for a
meal or you and your friends have gone
out and then you decide to crash at your
friend's house and you'll always have a
cute little travel toothbrush and a cute
little towel toothpaste and then you can
never go wrong then you will always have
minty fresh breath because that's one of
the most important things I think
awesome humbugs these were from buddy's
in North Hampton every time we go there
from meal baby humbugs on the table with
the bill receipt and whenever I've eaten
I don't necessarily feel like having a
humbug I couldn't bear to leave the
on the table unloved so I took them
anyway
and I should probably throw them away
because they've been in there a very
long time they probably don't taste good
i here's another one
tic-tac I feel like there's some kind of
minty theme running through this tongue
bag I don't have bad breath I just seem
to have all different types of
refreshing breath treatments and mints
and things mmm oh man the mint comes
through and it's always disappointing
but yeah tic-tac
so in conclusion my handbag is filled
with hand cream lip products panda
mittens and enough things to freshen
your breath for about three years and I
also hope you like my Christmas tree
Christmas Christmas Christmas don't
forget to give the video a thumbs up if
your thumb fuller I will see you all
very very soon goodbye now um it's my
microphone on yes it is best to make
sure than to film a whole video with no
sound in a one-horse open sleigh over
fields become nothing and I think I just
smudge slipped across my face yes oh
dude really
ah oh my god I hold this huh someone's
text me it's time to unleash from the
mouth
Oh wha
it's it's it it it it's it an average
pool is owned over to Paul it's not word
oaks Pony finishes ticked at first oh
I'll try not to break any teeth so if
your Admiral ever ever won Ren
this didn't just come out my handbag by
the way I was wandering through boots
the other day and I came across this
sugar crush body wash I immediately
bought it because it's my favorite scent
ever ever
