the next me laugh or do you just not
like me say can you expect us to do
Excel would ya okay come are you sure
hello everybody welcome back to my
Channel today I'm going to my favorite
people in the entire world it's mark
faris hello Zoe and viewers oh yeah what
we just updated yeah nah you may notice
I have a different makeup look today and
that is because my makeup has been done
courtesy of ma hey you can go on over on
watch after this video on his channel is
my makeup again you all liked it last
time so we thought it would do like a
refresh yeah
like the summer summer vibe yeah yeah I
actually think you did a bloody great
job I've only known each and a few bits
anyway in today's video I thought it'd
be fun for us to do be most likely to
challenge challenge quiz yeah I can't do
this quite a lot with lots of my friends
and it's something we haven't done yet I
know and I feel like if something that
people would want to know oh yeah ah so
we've got our card
okay ready question one I'm excited I'm
minute hardly takes really seriously
most likely to leave a show or the
cinema if they are not enjoying it Oh
hard you know me yeah I feel like the
only reason I'd ever leave a cinema or a
show people around me was speaking to me
but not if you weren't enjoying the
filler yeah yeah I could finally I would
think I would leave
like if I'm if I've got the theater and
it's got to that halftime I really
wasn't enjoying it I'd be like hey I
think I would stay I just bite the
bullet and to see weapons
yeah but generally generally speaking
I've never have done yeah it's very rare
isn't it I'm going to happen but on the
off chance because also when you're
watching a film you think oh it will get
back a minute I have left
it was the hateful eight are useless it
was so long I just left and I left my
friends and I said no because it was
their sort of film is Quentin Tarantino
to have nothing get to him I love Lee
films but it was so thinking and chatty
and so much dialogue and I was like I'm
not in the right headspace I left most
likely to tweet something that supposed
to text ha ha ha ha ha that's why I'm
like wow oh yeah of all the things I
could have texted you I'm glad it was
that oh yeah yeah even though it's still
a bit like who a couple you've just does
such a bizarre thing from what to tweet
I can really treat that to me I was like
you want meant to tweet up yeah are you
meant to text that everyone sorry I
figured some country with tweeted back a
ball and texting as well yeah and I felt
confused Oh who's who would be most
likely to get lost on the Underground
see I said that because obviously I'm
from London but I do get lost I find I
gonna say you really and I am so
meticulous about following rules and
directions yeah but I don't I've never
got lost on the Underground even when I
didn't understand the underground
because I'm so like right I'm going to
make a plan I'm going to write down in
my notes yeah I know exactly where to
get off exactly it like so I couldn't
get lost but you're a bit more like arms
John policy
so getting an uber like tonight because
I'm just like I'm not going to be able
to find even though I've lived it even
though I've lived Neyland and Driver
feel while you ever know oh who is most
likely to end up an A&E in another
country I'm going to say you babe I'll
be disowned tell you wouldn't know you'd
slip or you'd walk into something yeah
or get into like a kerfuffle when I say
so yeah it's your people who is most
likely to to be sent to prison for 24
hours or held held in jail for 24 hours
I'm gonna say three to one I'm going to
say you but it will just be something so
innocently you don't realize yeah
because again I like to follow rules I
would be very surprised if I got put in
prison for 24 hours I can't even imagine
what you get away for I think if it was
me it would be being in the wrong place
at the wrong time
yeah there would be something else
happening and I get caught up in it yeah
if it would you like to sing with me
yeah on a night owl but I can't be the
peacemaker of something going on and I'd
be the one most likely to slap someone
by accident something I'm going to say
me oh really
I have like a fez Wow let me call it
some drama that I can't make it better
mom Baba realistically I'm not sure
either of us could ever slap anybody no
we don't find this so now I'll be nice
got some I know that like I'm on my way
to get acting career Wow
how's the boss Oh
because of your eyes today most likely
to join a club oh oh damn you say you
move I'm not good at clubs no never
having done a few club things yeah I
thought that you'd join a club you join
a club like picking up litter I'll worry
about what to do
well like environmental stuff is that we
mean no no no like an art club or a bike
lane or like or like yoga flow I are a
bit scared of clubs why I don't like
being in an environment that I'm not
familiar with this with people are not
familiar with what small groups so if
you're there for like the whole thing Oh
even if thought it makes makes us feel
like that really so like if you're if
you're going to a yoga class and you
know that all the people there are just
to go to the yoga I would never go on my
own till class no no mm-hmm
maybe I see me one day I do this year a
photography club which would be really
interesting or like a calligraphy club
or a course wouldn't harm I can't do it
and I've been like it my whole life like
my mum would drop me off as a kid to
like the kids club and I would just take
it oh I can't feel comfortable unless I
had like you there I feel like that
doesn't count
like what me feel I dropped you off
thanks I did first night I was over five
minute night
no parent who's most likely to get
kicked out of a life drawing class we
were in it together we both get you most
likely to bungee jump got the you in at
my yeah
no no longer would you actually bungee
jump
yeah would you in a way bungee jump yeah
Millison I would never
what about indoor skydiving yeah I do
that I
do you want to skydive sometime in my
life yeah I don't want a bungee jump
like I don't feel like I'm missing out
on anything if I don't like to jump
is it the risk of death no oh I'm just a
bit worried that I feel anxious in the
plane on the way up about one day jump
in there oh no I do know what is about
bungee jumping
ah it's so 50/50 there's people that
will say it was the worst thing I've
ever done I would never do it again why
do I even do it and those people are
like oh I love it I've been a time
you're wrong I'm just like how can
anyone row themself off yeah when you do
a skydive you're in a plane you're
attached to someone else
you don't even know someone no with
someone but on a bungee jump you have to
be the one to do it or if you have
someone push a I don't think you can I
don't think that's safe when you fall
funny I bought a thornbush mate
in the right way it was lucky but I
think I do it's just that can I come
with you and you do it yeah yeah
definitely wear anything if you get
winded oh that's why we do yeah is it
when I hit the thing of the bows that's
just with that you when you get to the
bottom of it and it looks you up
with your life if you like jump in and
then it's like stop and the string goes
like that and you're like ah who is most
likely to not shower for a week hahaha
it's hard I love I love the old bar yeah
I've got shower every day
Marc is like super clean okay I shower
every day can I just point out but if
it's funny I've always got to get ready
and I yeah I'm always getting ready do
you think you'd show or three times a
day
at the time Joe who is most likely to
have plastic surgery I think you because
you love your beauty you're like really
into like like it interests you I love
it I always be like to enhance why I
have it wouldn't be like not that I'm
against it obviously but like it would
never be something so drastic it would
change my whole entire life we just be
like little nip and tuck anything when
I'm also injection yeah one good job
would you not be I would let you if it
was real if I had a cut if I did it it
could be muscle yeah well this woman ran
out of money so she started injecting
and cooking oil into her face and her
face blew up I'm not laughing
you did dog why would you do that
because you just got addicted to the
search oh gosh
most likely to fart in public got me a
nice copy you love I do it anyway I
don't think we've ever been out and you
fight in public that I've no not I'm
sure you do maybe I don't do it in
public
I've never known about you be like and
it's following cloud in there I mean if
it was getting louder wouldn't it be
free I was I'm doing the Q at the bank
in you like oh sorry I would never do
that would you be embarrassed it's like
you know what honestly dude I was in a
queue at a bank and I find it was loud
okay is that you know when you trip on a
curb and you look at the curb like yeah
I like it like you look behind you
fallen on
anytime I trip on the Carbonite I look
down on another annoying the floral I
don't know where you come from most
likely to be told off I'm gonna say yes
I'm gonna say both of us yeah my thing
is very because I like to abide by the
rules
yeah like in school being told off with
like really scared of being told off
unforgettable authority figures anyone
older than me I don't know if you ever
tell me off never I encourage it most
likely to go on holiday on their own
Laura take a little trip away on their
right or go to our hotel on their own
oh I thought you can say you know know
what was doing would you have liked go
to Alexander house for the night oh my
oh yeah we're gonna do I was going to
plan something like that for me tomorrow
and I just a night away for myself
why don't you want to do some one spicy
open air I'm not used to all that space
like very enclosed where we're from the
way yeah mark listen Akane yeah whenever
he can whenever I can get out when have
you ever known me to be fully on my own
ever without Nala without anyone never
exactly what would I do
well like you go to a really nice hotel
suite all during sitting address the gal
put Netflix on cover bar chill relax
open the window some cups of hot
chocolate but what it's like I don't
know the person working there was a
viewer and they were like my celery I'm
feel weird just like going out the door
oh if it's right it's just the person
with the food I thought I would see who
is most likely to sell all their worldly
even thought of it it's like sending you
into like of course I get I think me I
think one day I have a mental breakdown
w-wha everything I own and I'll going to
do you kiddo
do you know what there's some kind of do
you feel a little bit like well I might
just like get rid of everything oh well
you know sometimes you meet people and I
have nothing
yeah I know like that's really sad and
you're so happy you don't have
everything I have and it really opened
Rises getting really deep now it really
opens your eyes to how much you don't
need things yeah that's what they say
money can't buy happiness or money does
not buy you happiness a million Merced
No hell no I kind of my happiest times
before I had money I've had happy times
when I've had money too but it's not
anyhow it's not any happier because they
have money hmm interesting
so yeah I think I would I think I'm not
planning to yeah I'm planning to do but
a litter box when you see people that
are so happy with a tenth of why I own
unlike oat needleless yo you so much
don't that gal who's okay oh here we go
who's most likely to say something to a
close friend if they've annoyed them oh
really
I think if we've never done that to each
other no but I am too if someone's
annoyed me yeah I have to tell them not
I'm upset or annoyed me I can't leave
can't leave it not good
always oh boy because if you value that
friendship yeah it's worth keeping
what resolve it would you do it there
and then on the spot or would you let it
simmer down
Oh jazz the last well we're different I
feel like I do it straight away I don't
like confrontation I don't like
face-to-face confrontation because I I
don't have constant this sounds really
weird I don't have confidence in my
hmm to say the right thing but in my
head I know what I want to say but it
never comes out properly I'm getting a
lot better at it it's the same in
meetings because I'll feel like I have
to have all conversations in my like
role with what I do there are
conversations I find really
uncomfortable and there are times when I
have to say if I don't like something
and I would also love it so I feel like
maybe I could obviously I do without it
if he said something to me I don't like
I'll be like I don't like that but I
think I'm more of like a sit on it think
about it because I also think sometimes
it's bad to action anger mm yeah and I
can't I can't fully trust it I'll say
the right thing if I'm very angry so I
get angry a lot but if I'm really upset
and my emotions are very raw I worry
that I'll say something wrong and it
might make it worse
so I sort of sit on it I breed a bit and
then are either like message and I'll
ring them yeah I think that's very
different where I get myself into sticky
situations by saying don't like that
straightaway you know just be like I
don't know send that but I think every
pencil situation does matter
yeah I feel like if someone's like
mugging someone off in the group I'd be
like no I don't like that because it's
not fair or something like that but
obviously if it's butter is different
but or if someone was bitching about
someone that I really cared about I'd
have to say something now and then yeah
I I don't know I
well I'm quite like it so much that I
don't agree with I'll say I don't do
that yeah I don't necessarily get into
like an argument but I'd be like agree
with that yeah I don't think that's
right right like the blog right right
who is most likely to go to the toilet
with the door open hmm I'm going to tell
you I mean she did it like nine times
yesterday if I'm not gonna just come at
my mouth
I suppose it came up Susie am I your
butt into mine doing that line most
likely to rewatch all their favorite
t-shirt TV shows over and over again
I feel like you've got a select few I do
watch see if you can name them extra
points Call the Midwife
yeah Gavin is so yeah hey one more
bake-off yeah we do even Autry wants the
bake-off yeah
where's mine I'm very like you like new
thing yeah I'm always watching new
things I very rarely go back and watch
the series yeah I need to like yeah most
likely to pack too much for a holiday
well you must when you come to my house
you bring two liter bottles of water you
brain you don't just bring your hands up
you bring the wooden box your hand stop
sitting in your bedroom like you
I've got your whole rigging bamboo yeah
I'm conference I honestly thought it'd
be a torsion box the highlight for me
that was the first no neat are maybe
you're always prepared
yeah I'm never like oh I wish I thought
that I know I've never forgotten
anything who it most likely to complain
about their food in a restaurant if it's
not right oh god oh no I would never
wouldn't you know I hate cold are you it
raw icons or would you know I would know
I'm easy
what okay so what happens if you get
like a pube in your risotto oh my god
what would you do I take out and they
tell me yeah yeah and if you like be
around it this is what I would actually
do I would find a hair in my food if
it's a pube with two fairies if it's at
someone's head herecan I can't carry me
in the food yeah I'll pull the hair out
or I'll see the hair then I'll make a
big flush to everyone around me the hair
in my food look there's a hair and I
know it someone else to say really
Alfie would say Amanda was
a poppy with 100% say hello so then I
never have to do it oh no no wait order
something else really thing is you could
play it in a nice way but they always
say it Ameritech Oh like you know isn't
this better you came to speed yeah crazy
sound help you
it looks it I need anything you would
eat food if you found some of it are you
kidding it was a pube I take it you have
a maggot look if it was oh yeah
namaste I would send it back a hundred
way today I feel like there's a kid out
in my body that it's pushing bowel out
but if he was like a little hair from
your head I just pull it out around
there who is most likely to change a
tire I'm going to say me ah I think I
struggle I help but I wouldn't know why
I was doing can you even imagine the two
of us trying to change a tire it would
be so funny I don't know how to change a
tire they don't teach you in school they
don't teach you about taxes ties or the
government I think we're just doing our
face or the a s oh yeah yeah who is most
likely to fall asleep during a party oh
no I swear it's a boy if I tell you that
but now yeah
shut your gob of a shore of wall are
most why did you get up early at the
weekend if they have nothing to do sorry
that was amazing yeah I can't imagine
you having to lay in your that one trend
let's work up really late we were like I
was a hothead yeah I know I threw that
until half ten we don't go to bed
darling I won it will we do it was a
bang-bang night Oh
Rebecca Wright uses most likely to go to
the gym I'm going to say me because I
did yesterday yeah um I was so good for
a while and you'd go to some of those
sunglasses oh my god my free leg a pause
I struggle with the classroom please
come speak laughs at me spin class I
like intense yeah you can go at your own
speed this ass on a bike like we do all
the music going with the very life I
want to leave
we're like six men and women all Batman
Robin
I really funny yeah we definitely know
each other very well we do yeah I feel
like if we don't we we go the extra mile
and telling these yeah I bring back
these two basket different video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and don't
forget check mark out I will leave all
his information desire go check out the
videos on his channel and I will see you
again very soon see us Ferrara
