hello everyone this is my word hello
dance the first thing you may notice is
that I look like I'm about to go and
play tennis don't really know what quite
what's going on here but I just caught
sight of myself in the viewfinder and I
do look like if I had a tennis racket in
my hand I feel set to go this video is
not going to be video be playing tennis
it's gonna be my November favorites few
months ago I confessed my love for a
second Rory product which was the sugar
crush scrub I was wandering through
boots the other day and I came across
this sugar crush body wash I immediately
bought it because it's my favorite scent
ever ever ever energy boosting citrus
conditioning lime oil cool cups your
Kiwi juice water and skin softening
Omega rich veggie oil
it basically smells like brown sugar and
lime it smells absolutely amazing is
definitely definitely my favorite sub
from soap & Glory so if you are also a
fan of this scent or the scrub I would
definitely advise you getting the body
wash I always end up sniffing my skin
like a complete weirdo everywhere I go
because it smells delicious next up is
something that I really mentioned in my
previous video that I picked up from Mac
and that is the Mac Studio sculpt and
the Mac mineralize skinfinish I have
this one in nw20 and this one in medium
and together they work extremely well
and make my skin feel and look million
bajillion times better than it does with
anything else I have been using this for
about three years possibly two or three
years and it's definitely always a
foundation I find myself going back to I
just find that it blends really smoothly
goes onto the skin really nicely and
just leaves my skin looking a lot more
flawless than anything else I also
really like the coverage it's not super
super heavy but it's definitely medium
and buildable and also I love that it
gives a slightly jewy finish because
there's nothing worse than dull looking
skin in the winter and this definitely
gives your skin an instant boost and
then this 2 set which just makes
everything look SuperDuper amazing the
next thing which I've been using a lot
recently
the Maybelline fit me concealer and I
believe this is a new release they also
came up with the foundation as well but
I didn't pick that one up because I have
been liking my studio sculpt but I
picked this up in shade 15 which I think
is one of the lightest shades you can
get and I've just really really liked
this concealer I wouldn't say it's as
full coverage as the lasting perfection
concealer from collection mm but it's
definitely really really good and it
also brightens the face and I just find
it really easy to blend and I use this
under my eyes and on any blemishes that
I might have and I just really really
like it the next thing I've really been
enjoying using is the this works perfect
skin super moisturizer I bought this
from feel unique calm and I was after a
new moisturizer because I feel like at
the moment I'm really happy with
everything I have in my skincare routine
apart from a moisturizer like I try out
some different moisturizers and I've
still not found one I really really
really like and that I will repurchase
um so I decided that I would buy this
and try this out it was quite pricey
which is a slight downside because there
is only 30 mil but on the massive
massive plus side I really really like
the way this leaves my skin my makeup
applies really easily on top of it and
it also has a pump which I thoroughly
enjoyed potent concentration of vitamin
C hyaluronic acid shea butter black
currant seed and evening primrose oils
hydrates and revitalizes dull looking
skin helps diminish fine lines and
correct uneven skin tone
I've definitely definitely noticed that
this is corrected by uneven skin tone
and I definitely notice that my skin
looks and feels a lot more hydrated
since using this so this gets two thumbs
up from me so far the next thing is
entirely the fault of miss Tanya burr
when I filmed with Tanya we were
discussing panda eyes and how my mascara
always ends up underneath my eye after
about two or three hours and it drives
me at the wall and even when I don't put
eyeliner on the bottom of my eyelashes I
always seem to have that dark bit of
black which I then have to wipe away and
then reekin see all over and she told me
that she used the clinic bottom lash
mascara
and she swears by it and that she never
has any black under the eyes and then
she said you need it
so because Tanya burr told me I needed
it I went out and bought it so Tanya
this is entirely your fault but thank
you
it's really cute it's really Diddy the
one is so so tiny
um I know that a lot of people don't
really like to put mascara on their
bottom lashes but my lashes are quite
full and so it's always very but
top-heavy if I never put anything on the
bottom lashes and it looks kind of odd
and I also find that when you put
mascara on your bottom lashes it really
really opens out your eyes and I have
quite odd like spider leg bottom lashes
so I always quite like to UM put mascara
on them and it just makes me look a lot
more awake since I've been using this
I've definitely noticed hardly any black
fall out and my eyes the next thing I've
been enjoying using is a rollerball
perfume this is from Zara and I never
usually sniff the perfumes in Zara I
know at the counter they have a few laid
out for you and I was at the counter
buying something the other like month
and they had one of these there and I
just like put a little bit on my hand
whilst I was waiting for them to bag
everything up and I sniffed and I was
like that smells absolutely incredible
and so I bought one of the little roller
balls I think this was only $4.99 and
there is 10 mil but I've been using this
for months and I've literally only used
the tiniest amount
it's called Cape Town scent a salute is
that what it's called Cape Town it says
Zara Cape Town sent a Sloan six one one
two Oh de Toilette I just think this is
really super handy for your handbag I've
kept this in my handbag it's also really
useful for nights out you can just shove
it in your clutch bag it doesn't take up
too much room and it's also really
strong I've just put the tiniest amount
on my wrist and I can already smell it
it's really really strong but it's
really really nice I can't quite put my
finger on what it smells like but it
smells amazing and I like smelling it
when I move that's weird
okay the last thing in my November
favorites are Essie nail polishes
particularly these two which I also
featured in my previous haul video the
first one is a really really dark almost
black
Green which i think is really cute for
the festive season and I quite like
wearing dark colors on my nails I often
wear black but this is just quite a nice
alternative to black and slightly more
autumnal it's called style anomic or
style monix kind of going against the
dark colors I also picked up this which
is a kind of muted grey beige I'm the
worst person at describing colours I
really have um but it's super super
pretty it's actually you know what this
is this is a taupe this is a taupe or
talk or whoever however you say it I
know that Louise has taught but I say
taupe tomato tomato
this is in the color miss fancy-pants
which I really liked the name of that
names always grab me so that's it for my
November favorites I hope you enjoyed
watching the video don't forget to give
it a thumbs up if you did
and can we all now get really excited
for Christmas thumbs this video up if
you're excited for Christmas that's my
order to you and now I am gonna go and
play tennis I'm not really I'm just
gonna go goodbye
he starts go then they reduced me to do
every liberal ooshka meet Mila moosh
hands up and hands down back up back up
how does it go hands up now hands down
back up back up tell me what you're
gonna do now that it i hungry hot breath
any baleen fit concealer fit me sorry
this is the right fit concealer and and
what the next prop for the poor so
that's it for my November favorites go
remember forever goodbye a lipid Darcy
where's your nose where's your mouth
where's your eyes
