hello everyone so more recently my halls
have involved body things hair thing and
clothing things so I thought it'd be
quite nice to share with you some of the
beauty and makeup items that I've
purchased over the past month I'll start
with eyelashes now I'm not normally a
massive eyelash person because I find
them quite fiddly to put on and I can't
say that I'm an expert in eyelash
application so I tend to just avoid them
or only ever wear them when I've got
someone to help me I've been wearing
false eyelashes with just a very basic
eye and a red lip instead of big eyes
and lots going on up here and which i
think would look really nice on a night
out but for the more like everyday
natural kind of look I feel like I need
to dull down everything else if I'm
wearing eyelashes first sets of
eyelashes I bought are Ardell natural
style demi wispies and I also bought the
Demi's in a double pack I just thought
I'd give those a go
so pick those up also I was in Boots I
also went to the SE stand and I picked
up two nail polishes the first one is a
really deep almost black green and and
this one is called style na mix or
stolen or mix and this one is a muted
purpley baiji grey color and this one is
called miss fancy pants which I really
like the name of and yeah I just really
like these the next case I went to a
Space NK first thing I picked up was
this NARS highlighter now this is part
of the Andy Warhol collection it's
called satellite of love but I just get
it out of this reflective like I think
that you see myself in that packaging
it's just a really really pretty baby
peachy pinky highlighter with tiny
little specks of gold shimmer but it is
kind of similar to my luster blush which
is slightly annoying although it has
much less peach tone because obviously
it's a highlighter so it's a lot more
beige and muted than the blushes does
anyone ever keep their like little Naz
see-through plastic key bits on no nose
for
that's what I want to know I like a lot
back in ah hey the next thing I bought
from spacing kay was from the laura
mercier counter and it is the secret
camouflage concealer in shade number two
as I showed you in my October favorites
I was really really loving the Laura
Mercier concealer in three pop thing I
was really loving the under-eye secret
camouflage secret concealer on one side
and I'd pretty much used the whole thing
up so I went and purchased just the
product on its own I found that this is
really really great for under the eyes
really enjoying that from Topshop I
picked up this nail polish which I have
on my nails now apart from this one
which is the FE color this is a really
pretty pastel blue it's kind of a bit
dusky kind of grey blue whoa it's kind
of getting to autumn/winter now and
technically shades on the nails get
slightly darker I just really liked this
and it kind of goes with my shirt this
is called tidal yeah just tidal so
that's really pretty
the next two beauty items that I
purchased are from feel unique and it's
the this works perfect look skin miracle
which is an instant tinted skin
Perfector that hydrates and brightens I
saw Anna from Viviana does makeup buy
this and use in a tutorial and it really
intrigued me because I really liked
things like this for like lazy days when
I'm not applying those of makeup but I
want like a tint on my face and also it
just promised lots of really nice things
like it has anti-inflammatory vitamin E
brightening vitamin C hyaluronic acid
that was quite extended hyaluronic acid
and also I find that makeup goes on top
of this really well as well I also
bought the perfect skin super
moisturizer which is just a moisturizer
although it does say a rich antioxidant
cream that acts as a serum and a
moisturizer in one and I've really
really been liking this these were quite
pricey I kind of feel like this is this
but with a tin and so I don't use them
both at the same time so I really really
been enjoying these lose my skin
hydrated
kid not too shiny my makeup stays on top
of these really really well and no
problems whatsoever with you so far
apart from maybe the slightly steep
price tag the last few things I
purchased were all the frog map don't
think oh man she spent so much money and
Mak all in one go I just spent so much
money Mak over a few goes different the
first thing was the Mac Studio sculpt in
nw20 and the mineralized skinfinish in
medium now I have owned both of these
before in fact this is the fourth tube
of this that I've bought this is the
second one of these are opal I don't
really read my blog back there's three
years worth of blog post and I don't
look through my old blog post ever but I
clicked on one of the photos because I
was like man my skin looked good there I
was like please say I wrote down what
products are throwing on my skin look
down and I had and I was wearing this
with this on top and that is currently
what I have on now and it's what I've
worn in my last two or three videos and
I've just fallen back in love with these
two things together since I have been
rocking the red lip quite a lot recently
and I have feeling I probably will
through the colder months and up to
Christmas I decided that I should invest
in a red lip liner because red lipstick
always looks so much better with red lip
liner before it so I went in there
looking for cherry which is this one and
I know that this is just quite a popular
Mac lip liner and it's just like a
classic red so that's cherry lip liner I
also then thought not all of my Reds are
bright and some of them are quite dark
and vampy so I got a slightly darker one
which is called brick although I'm not
sure that you'll be able to tell it is
literally only a marginally darker so I
kind of feel like that was probably a
bit of a silly thing to do although I'm
sure we'll get use out both of them
anyway next up is this which is I've
never owned one of these before it's
called a prolong my lip gloss
so I'm guessing it's just super
SuperDuper long-lasting and the
applicator is doh fit and it's so
pigmented you would not believe I don't
have anything
like that and also I wear red matte lips
quite a lot so just that would be nice
to get something shiny that will stay on
that is called driven by love next is a
cream machine lipstick and this is in
the color Sagan summer oh look it's an
orange it's actually quite a pale light
orange which I quite liked the look of I
don't have an orange that's like this
it's a very yellowy orange as opposed to
a red orange and it's also very very
creamy on the lips and not massively
pigmented so I think this would look
quite nice if you want a more neutral
orange but the last thing I bought in
Mac is a sheen supreme lipstick which I
own no others off and it's called called
Korean candy this is a very dark orange
II red I got sucked in by the orange
nurse and I bought it this is massively
pigmented but also super super
moisturizing I really really like this
formula of matte lipstick noir to me I'm
not going back in math for a very long
time so that's all for my little beauty
haul I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see
you again very soon I every time we let
just through them I threw them away
crumbled Rumble tumbling next place I
went up hair in my face
finishing cream shrim baby pick big pink
nope
this is not pink over rich aunt your
aunt job for Tom hi dad
Joe listen I'm gonna sneeze
