hello everyone I am here today with Jim
hi jim has a youtube channel also he is
the boyfriend of Tanya burr he is here
today thanks for having me Tanya burr
gave us a list of categories and objects
and things and we are going to discuss
our favorite versions of those we've
only done part 1 on my channel we have
whether you whichever order you watch
them in is fine with us
just as long as you watch them both yes
okay let's do it okay get started
favorite funny film okay I was
discussing this yesterday I just saying
I was a big a big intake of breath there
anyway one of my favorite films that
makes me laugh is I Love You Man love
with Paul Rudd you see that I've get and
the guy from the guy who is really cool
from Forgetting Sarah Marshall that no
one can remember his name again you can
remember him no babe I also like
stepbrothers oh yeah well Farrell and
the other guy's name I remember the guy
was not a massive eyebrow by a big
forehead day I really would think
there's so many funny do another one
don't ya comedy films are my favorite oh
do you know what I love as well
21 Jump Street try to drum drums 21 Jump
Street favorite holiday ie Easter
Christmas oh yeah yeah oh my god I think
mine has got to be Christmas yeah sure
definitely
I was I was planning on going out and
buying Oh entire Santa outfit to wear
next
Santa onesie aside to walk back it is
this time the 1d Komodo will be
remembered oh yeah that's me
what about your beard beard - brilliant
favorite breakfast cereal I like this
question because cereal I love but
s√ºleyman's question cereal under I love
the cereal we have so much cereal
because every probably go to supermarket
Tom goes honey nut loop now we go there
and she just finds more and more to you
or mentioned ever eats it cuz she goes
it's not like I remember
oh yes you can't fit anything else in
our cupboard this year so I'm slowly
getting through my favourites are
probably Lucky Charms which are not only
we can't get but I don't eat them with
milk ah what do you either move just how
she like it oh no I also like Golden
Grahams
him how are you I'm like God you have to
be tweaked on great at 6000 Jim get out
what's your favorite thing
uh I like Weetabix because you can sort
of you hate me for that then you do
think I would think that was an old
photo here either like false teeth um
there honey Cheerios Cheerios chili corn
Jerry Rice semi-thick a chest and
delicious chewy also good to remember do
you think that whilst you eat every time
I'm gonna come see Cheerios that's all
though so like chocolatey things like
Coco Pops we - yo you shopping - I like
yes yeah the yo chocolate cereal I like
is coke evolved by like my neighbors and
we Tio's never sweetie I can never stop
sa meteos might know Nana Toledo's
favorite One Direction song this is hard
the whole album OMG FL oh my god okay
favorite One Direction song I think it
has to be what makes you beautiful the
classic is that you're insecure don't
know what for you're turning heads when
you walk through the door oh I have to
say musically I'm not a big fan alright
I like the guy so I'll get me wrong to
anything I think they're cool guys are
musically music is not something you
would choose to listen to for anything
else yeah yeah I quite like one
direction songs for a quick like pick me
up time I'll do it for ever and ever and
ever in the car or we get to listen to
what the rec center
favorite sport I don't I'm not big sport
culture yeah yeah I don't know maybe
well I'd like to sound good at store but
in reality on not I've got a hand-eye
coordination of something that no pounds
or eyes I used to like basketball back
in high school I was never very good but
I quite liked it I've liked me good at
things tennis swimming anything someone
help me someone teach me something
favorite insect wait one Lady Bird Oh
the choice
grasshop little grasshopper and praying
mantis those ones because they look like
the ninjas of the insect world favorite
Disney Prince we kind of already
discussed this briefly on your own video
but I yeah mine's Aladdin or Eric who's
Eric Ariel's fella
Oh Eric's bad name that's why they
remember my favorite is either Aladdin
because he's a street rat and he makes
it to Princeton Denise where her
waistcoat with nothing underneath up to
the ball choice although you never see
his nipples never maybe hasn't got any
maybe that's my street rat or um beast
because he's a badass like he's like
Prada I'm a nigga's angry when he gets
angry is a proper thing and then yeah
although I have to admit I watch that
film and all the way through I was like
I can't wait from ten to a prince what's
he get a bit like like I'm sorry
disappointed yeah he wasn't the
best-looking Rizzoli no I kind of prefer
normal Harry
yeah so Johnny I was kind of like oh
look at Harry Mandy that we like Harry
Styles so finally it's a really good one
favorite Harry Potter spell that spell
that's like I got to be fair this is the
one that I quite like that I do use a
lot in everyday life just to save cuz I
like to say it regarding videos yeah
that one oh boy I see Iraqi I don't know
when you can't reach something you go
Accio remote never works
I quite like the one that makes your
memory go nuts what's that one I can't
remember
Oh weather yeah they all have such they
saw I must've used on their timing but
it was about a Kedavra oh one that kills
you I've killing your subscribers
sir so we hope you have enjoyed our this
little video all about our favorite
things
so rough you with a favor thing I know
the one from his mermaid about things
look at this stuff isn't it neat would
you think my collections complete
I've got gadgets and gizmos aplenty
I got Watson oh god with you
Cheerios good lord you want Weetabix
I've got Whitney again no big deal I
want more
okay's do click on Jim's face now and it
will take you to the first part of our
favorite video or whichever party other
part the other part and whilst you're
there make sure you subscribe he goes
awesome videos and I'm sure you will
like them also don't forget to give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it big
ones like that huge ones that live tiny
hands oh they're not so big thanks for
watching and we will see you again very
soon I am sure bye great
I nod it we're good
