hello everyone hey guys I am here today
with Tanya burns we have decided to film
a video together today
yeah because we've never filmed together
before and we met coffee the other day
in London it was so nice we actually
decided just today yeah literally this
is like such a spontaneous video and
yeah we thought we decided to film a
would you rather makeup tag yeah
basically
and we have some questions to answer in
the would you rather series so we just
thought we would answer those for you
there's quite a lot of questions so we
thought that we'd answer eight here
Missouri's channel I said the video
didn't get super duper long without the
eight on my channel as well so we're
bored in fact after this one question
number one would you rather only be able
to wear eye makeup or skin like skin
makeup if you had to have one can we
talk about situations like today I'm
feeling a little bit spotty so I would
have to be a foundation yeah if my skin
was looking really good matters but on
holiday then I'd say I makeup now I
would have to say skin made me up
definitely
although mascara always makes you look
so much more awake it doesn't makes your
eyes x I was yeah I can look like a
little and like shrimp-like thing I got
it look a little piggy you know like
it's already bloomed like eyelashes yeah
that's how I feel like if I could have a
nice kind of made up face then my eyes
would just be like question number two
would you rather chop off all your hair
or never be able to cut your hair ever
again I wonder how long your hair can
actually grow because I feel like my
hair would grow to like here and then it
just kind of stops then kind of fizzles
out at the ends yeah I feel like I would
say never cut it just to be interested
to see how we prefer also you would have
more option for hairstyles because if
you had to cut your hair right off you'd
be quite limited with what you can do
with it but if you had really long hair
you could do hair like the Gulf tangles
when her hair gets really is Bush is
super super long hair and then when she
gets out into the real world they've tie
it up into this gorgeous thick like
fishtail braid thing I'm not amazing and
yet I'd get tango
hairdresser in on my hair Disney Pixar
Tangier dresser where is she would you
rather wear your clothes always too big
or always too small
I've have to say too big yeah I think
too big because also you could use like
belts and like fast route and also they
were too tight you just be like either a
little bubble Gian area and you might
get too hot and too I don't know
too tight would make me feel
claustrophobic yeah I think baggy and
then accessorize with it yeah right but
oh definitely
question number four if you had a
thousand pounds to spend would you buy
clothes or makeup if you get any by one
a thousand pounds where I already have
my makeup and clothes collection I've
got already if somebody literally said
to you okay I've got a thousand pounds
of vouchers you can either have makeup
or clothes like now I'd have clothes me
too I think I have a lot more makeup
than I actually owned that many clothes
I think you own a lot those facial
obvious you own of course I do
but then you'd get so much makeup for a
thousand pounds when you wear those you
wouldn't really get I mean you could you
could get up a couple of really nice
things or you can get like a Burberry
leather jacket or something yeah someone
gave me a thousand pounds I think I
would probably get like one amazing
thing with it or two amazing things yeah
yeah that's a good show I think I'd do
the same
would you rather apply lipstick as
eyeliner or eyeliner as lipstick that's
a straight answer
so we'll color eye lines could I only
have like black and brown lips like
classic eyeliner color yeah and you'd
have to have like pink and red and like
nude eyes that would be awful so I've
rather that probably had yeah yeah your
eyes would just look more like you have
this color on your eyes right now and
this coral your lips I would look so
deranged you'd literally
I think it would when you do like an eye
infection yeah it would look awful yeah
I said nothing on my lips but if I had
been summarized on my lips it wouldn't
be that bad now I don't know if you made
it look cool yeah somehow I knew we
could work with it as beauty gurus yeah
I think we probably could hey here's one
would you rather wear MC Hammer pants or
trousers as we say here in the okay or
biker shorts in public I'd say that MC
Hammer pants because all the ones that
kind of go like quite baggy and tighter
at that they aren't bright gold I think
oh really I really want to do the dumb
using the dance right no don't have
occurred and I hope to do that dance in
public as well you'd have to walk like
that everywhere
I'm or what I have to do my bicycle
shorts be like on a bicycle yeah you'd
have to be learning to why my arms would
deal on bicycle this but it'd be more
like this okay we were like bouncing I
was having a really confident day I
probably bike shorts but I think more
people would stare at you in the golden
Disney go with trousers yeah I think I'd
go biker shorts and just kind of avoid
people that day yeah and just be like
mmm just for like fun
would you rather never be able to fill
in your eyebrows or only use a sharpie
to fill them in because I'm such an
eyebrow girl you are - yeah I feel like
my face is never really complete and I
said done my eyebrows I it's the second
thing I do I do my makeup like an order
of importance and it sounds really weird
but I do foundation then my eyebrows and
that I could never even put on eye
makeup until my eyebrows is done I would
have to fill them with a sharpie and
just be like used to little strokes yeah
as long as it wasn't like a red sharpie
or or a green one
okay if we the black would look bad I
think wouldn't it yeah I think if we
were given a brown sharpie we could pull
through AK with it and it might last a
few days you don't have to do your
eyebrows up we do this yeah we should
actually tried it last one would you
rather never ever pluck your eyebrows
or never shave your legs well I have
this really easy because my eyebrows
never need knockings they don't grow
very much so I would just be able to
shave my legs what would you do my brows
get very unruly so I think it would look
bad but then I don't think there to be
as much like they don't so you can work
to browse these are taken watch your
legs
yeah or laser hair removal will get
around that one guys so we've managed to
like get around all of them yeah yeah
and if I even really came down to it I'd
probably have to say in the summer I
would have shaved my legs in the winter
I'd have to click right yes so that's
how all of the ones we're going to be
answering on this channel but if you
want to see us answer eight more really
funny would you rather beauty questions
click on Tanya's lovely face now now I
should do the bike face hope you enjoyed
it and I will see you very soon
ah my daddy car is - don't try my hot
videos you can see they come pick me up
haha hello everyone I'm talking bad so
here's your makeup tutorial get a bit
rouille at times with unruly and reona
really I got Ruby my nostril is a really
different chin look at my nostrils oh
yeah when are the baby the nurses said
that I had nostrils like little hearts
see again you just like looking at
windows I'm so cute they are like oh
they could be like heart nostril baby
like it and we're going to leave them Oh
where's my phone okay Oh disappeared up
Tonya's bottom
