hello everyone this is a slightly
different video than you are probably
used to but I do hope that this is
beneficial for a lot of you in a
completely different way as you are
watching this now you know me as Zoe I
write blog um and I'm on my Twitter a
lot and I like all things materialistic
but what you don't often see is a
different side of me which I will begin
to explain in this video that kind of
makes it sound like I have some scary
alter-ego and at night I turn into a
werewolf or if I am in fact a vampire or
something really weird but it's not of
that nature although that would be very
cool and it is a very personal video for
me to sit down and talk to you about
I've never really addressed this issue
in front of hundreds of thousands of
people but I'm going to pretend there
are not hundreds of thousands of people
watching right now if this helps at
least one of you watching this just one
of you then it's totally worth it and
I'm a hundred percent happy that I've
managed to help a lot of people get the
assumption that because someone is able
to sit here in front of a camera and
speak for 10 to 20 minutes and broadcast
it in front of hundreds of thousands
potentially millions of people on the
internet that must mean that they are a
hundred thing confident have absolutely
no self-esteem issues have no real life
problems they're always happy they're
always jolly that is so wrong there are
a lot more things to people and you
might first realize and what a lot of
you may not know is that I have suffered
with anxiety and panic attacks really
really badly since I was 14
making that a grand total of nine years
almost a while ago if any of you read my
blog I did a whole write-up about panic
attacks and all the information around
that but I figured that I wanted to make
a video because that blog post helped so
many of you I still get emails daily
from people saying I'm so glad
the only person that has this thank you
so much and it just made me think
although it's going to be absolutely
terrifying to sit and talk about it out
of my mouth rather than just typing if
my blog post helped people then maybe if
I did a video it might help people too
so I am going to sit here regardless of
the fact it makes me feel extremely
uncomfortable and it's not something I
really enjoy discussing with hundreds
and thousands of people but I'm going to
do it anyway if you are now sat here
wondering what a panic attack is or what
anxiety is I will try to explain it the
best way I can and I did explain it in a
lot more detail and probably a lot more
thoroughly on my blog but I will try I
don't know exactly what triggered my
panic attacks um although I have a rough
idea that it may have had something to
do with being at a party being
surrounded by a lot of drunk people I
didn't like being in the space I wanted
to get away and I just had a phone panic
attack that was the first panic attack
I've ever had it lasted from 11:00 p.m.
at night until 5:00 a.m. in the morning
in bursts the thing with panic attacks
is that they happen within 5 to 25
minutes
I think 25 minutes is literally the
maximum amount of time that you can ever
panic for like full-on panic and I was
having bursts of panic all around the
clock until 5 a.m. when I rang my dad
and I made him come and get to me I'm
going to talk a little bit about the
symptoms what happens to you and if this
sounds like something that might be
happening to you as well then I hope
this some kind of reaffirm things in
your head and maybe help you as well so
the first thing that happens when you
panic you don't really ever know what
you're panicking for you don't always
choose what makes you panic your
sympathetic nervous system kicks in so
it's basically called the
fight-or-flight best way of me
describing this to you is your body sets
itself up but you either run away or to
fight the problem I think it's kind of
dates back to like caveman days where a
wild boar would approach a caveman and
he would think I can either run away or
I can fight the world for and so ok
you're not going to be addressed with
wild boars in this day and age but if
you're
body thinks it's in any kind of danger
regardless of whether you are or not it
will kick in a lot of people who suffer
with anxiety or panic at just have a
much weaker than pathetic nervous system
I was told that you're almost like the
car in the street whose car alarm goes
off from a little gust of wind unlike
all the other cars in the street whose
car alarms will only ever go off when
someone's smashing the window once your
sympathetic nervous system has kicked in
it sets things off like adrenaline
adrenaline will be released around your
body because of the adrenaline you will
sweat but you'll be cold I get hot
shivers other things that happen are you
lose feeling in your hands and your feet
you feel very claustrophobic when I
panic I have to get out of any situation
that I'm in I don't like people around
me feel smothered sounds and smells
become heightened everything's louder
everything's busier everything smells
really bad all your senses are like this
is horrible I also feel very very sick
when I panic and this is because your
digestive system shuts down making you
feel sick because things are not working
as they're working in your stomach and
it can make your throat feel dry can
make you he's your hearts beating really
fast some people think they can have a
heart attack you feel as though there's
no air you can hyperventilate because
you're breathing funny all these things
building open up and up and you can't
cope basically and that is a panic
attack panic attacks are really not very
nice I wouldn't even wish one on my
worst enemy and I don't really have any
enemies to wish them on but I wouldn't
because it's not a nice feeling and it
is something that prevents you being
able to do the things you really want to
do which is the overall really horrible
thing about it then it results in you
feeling depressed do you feel like
you're not normal I used to just get so
upset after every single panic attack
you just feel like absolute crap you
feel drink mentally you feel drained
physically because your hearts been
beating so fast you literally feel like
you've run a marathon but then you have
to
kind of deal with the fact that this is
probably gonna happen again and this is
going to stop me from doing the things
that I really want to do which is the
worst part of it I not only had panic
attacks but I have panic disorder which
is where you stop doing things in case
you think you're going to have a panic
attack so some people may just have one
panic attack and think that was a bit
odd it didn't really like that but carry
on was normal and maybe never have a
panic attack ever again whereas I was
the sort of person that would have a peg
tack and think oh my gosh that was
really horrible now I'm terrified of
doing that and I won't do it
the reason for people having panic
attacks in situations where they've been
before is because the brain stores away
the information as a dangerous situation
so if you walk into a nightclub and you
have a panic attack and you freak out
the next time you walk into a nightclub
it's very likely that the same thing is
going to happen because your brain
triggers the same reaction it's very
clever the brain is very very clever
it's also kind of annoying at times so
it will store away the information and
that's why a lot of people will have
panic attacks in the same place for a
while I would always have a panic attack
in Paddington train station because
every time I got there the same trigger
was set off in my brain that made me
think I was in danger when a natural
factor wasn't and it was almost expected
and because you expect it it's worse and
that's why it's a vicious circle I used
to get them really really badly um there
was a stage in my life very recently I
went through a really hard time and my
panic attacks were really bad almost the
point where I didn't even want to get
out of bed I wouldn't go on the trains
I wouldn't go to meetings in London I
wouldn't go see friends I wouldn't I
would never eat out in a restaurant
because I was worried that I'd panic and
I was able to get out I wouldn't ever go
clubbing no way that would be completely
off the cards it even got to the point
where I didn't want to drive which is
really
not good and there are so many so many
different places where I would just
panic for no reason
trains the tube in taxis I used to
refuse to get in taxis on buses coaches
any kind of form of public transport I
wouldn't get on waiting for things and
that seems kind of odd but if you're
watching this and you have panic attacks
you know exactly what I mean
you know you have to wait and it starts
making you anxious places where you feel
like you can't leave like a hairdressers
for example and waiting for doctor's
appointments like sat in the waiting
room used to have them at school in six
form
I'd have family parties where there'd be
like seven of us I would sometimes even
have them lying in bed at night just for
no reason work dues I'd be like no sorry
I don't really want to go it just makes
you appear rude and you're thinking
please don't hate me it's not something
I really want it's not something I enjoy
and I would much rather be completely
normal and to be able to go any out in a
restaurant and not care that I might
have a panic attack and have to leave I
missed out on a lot of things that I
would have normally been doing as a
young adult there was just one period in
my life where I was just like no I'm not
doing anything I'm not doing anything
and I think that was like the most
depressing for like other people around
me I know that Louise was like I don't
like there you're not happy anymore it
was almost like Zoe that you see now and
there Zoe that people know was not that
refused to go anywhere refused do
anything and that's sad existence like
who wants to live like that I've had
them for nine years I didn't do anything
about my panic attacks until last year
when I decided that enough was enough
and now I knew what was happening and it
was ruining the way I was living my life
I decided to go to a doctor and speak to
I just went to my local GP they were
really unhelpful it's kind of
disheartening after so long you go to
the doctors you just think okay they're
gonna sort me out it'll be fine and
maybe if you're really crap and after
that I guess I just felt worse because
then I felt like well maybe there isn't
something wrong with me and maybe I just
to deal with this on my own and the
doctors can't do anything right there
are so many different things that you
can do to solve panic attacks there's
pills you can take for anxiety there are
beta blockers things to slow down your
heart I didn't really want to go
straight into the medical route because
that kind of terrifies me but I went
there I had got nothing from it and then
we started looking at like private
places to go
it's all very expensive and we're
looking at hypnotherapy we're looking at
lots and lots of different things and I
tried things from like boots and
Superdrug you know the calming things
none of that stuff really worked then a
couple of months ago I went through a
really horrible time and it's not
something I like to ever think over too
much over the last few months I decided
to take a completely different outlook
on life just sat here one day and I was
like this is not what I want to be like
a few months ago I wasn't even I was
barely doing anything I was just like
having a poopy time I was in a really
poopy mood and I just one day I was just
like no I don't want to do I don't want
to be like this anymore
you can't let panic or anxiety change
the way you do things because you get
one life Yolo you only live once yes I
just did yellow this is what I was
thinking I was just like I'm never going
to be this age again I'm never going to
have this day again I'm never going to
get back the years that I've wasted
being too terrified to ever leave my
house or to miss out on all the memories
that my friends are making while I'm sat
here because I'm too scared and going to
panic panic attacks will not kill you it
is extremely rare it will ever cause you
to drop down dead it's just your body's
way of trying to protect you and that's
the way that you have to kind of see it
you just have to think to yourself
really what is the worst that can happen
you can't die you're not going to cause
the death of anybody else there is
nothing
that can happen to you that is terrible
and this is the one thing you have to
remind yourself don't set yourself time
limits on anything if you're an anxious
person or you suffer with panic attacks
the best advice I can give you is never
try and stick to a timed schedule for
anything it just maximizes stress so
much if you think to yourself yeah okay
I'm going to meet my friend but I'm
gonna do it when I want to do it and it
doesn't matter if it takes me all day
and it doesn't matter if I have to get
off the train six times before I get
there just do everything the way you
want to do it at your own pace it is a
mental illness and nobody likes to use
the word mental illness but it is and
it's not something that people choose to
have I didn't I didn't choose when I was
14 to decide to have pact attacks for
nine years and for it to ruin loads of
opportunities for me but that's just
what happened and you can either let it
rule your life and let it make you
miserable or you can just think no I
don't want to live my life like that
anymore you can either go and seek help
professionally if you've not already or
just think the same thing as me after I
decided enough is enough and I'm not
going to live like this anymore
I decided to say yes to things not
normally say yes to and it involved me
making loads of new friends going places
I've never been before just every
opportunity that came at me in the last
few months I said yes to if you decide
to take the opportunities that you're
given you will get more out of life
there are so many people that stuff with
anxiety depression panic attacks the
list is endless and a lot of the time
they're all connected somehow one in
four people will suffer with some form
of mental illness so I guess the point
of this video is to let you guys know
that you are not the only person that
feels this way if you're watching this
and you've not left your house in like
two months please just remember that you
will never get these two months back if
you continue to let
anxiety and the panic take over your
life because that's exactly what it's
doing you literally need to bat it out
give it a punch throw it away karate
chop it whatever you want to do just get
rid of em of you may think that's just
that's terrifying there's no way I could
ever contemplate just thinking of saying
yes to any of the things I'm terrified
of but if you do it slowly like just do
it how you're most comfortable doing it
you can either build up to the big scary
things that you're scared of or just go
out and do it a hundred percent I
promise you once you've done it and
you've not panicked you feel so much
better and it builds your confidence and
you just feel so much better about
yourself and the more you're building
your confidence the more you think I can
do it if you're watching this and you
know somebody that panics and you know
someone that has anxiety but you don't
suffer with it yourself there are a few
things I can advise to you if you don't
know what to do or you don't know what
to say or you don't know how to help one
of the main things is please research it
because there's nothing worse than being
with somebody that doesn't get it and
that doesn't want to know 110% it will
make them feel so much worse like so so
much worse one of my biggest biggest
advice to you is if you're standing with
someone and are having a panic attack
whether you know them or not whether you
can sympathize or not please just stay
quiet until they ask something of you
they're panicking and they don't need
you to panic as well and if they want
something from you they will ask you
that's that's what I like anyway I don't
know if everyone's the same maybe some
people do like being distracted but I
think it's just better to make it while
you're there and to let them know that
you're not going anywhere and that
there's no pressure to be anywhere and
if they say I want you to find me some
ice you run and find ice and if they say
I want you to make me a chair then you
make a chair maybe not that extreme okay
so I'm coming to the end of my video now
I'm sorry I rambled on for so long I do
hope this has helped some of you and I
guess the reason that I'm doing this is
to just say please don't let anything
control your life be that a person if
there's a person
your life that's affecting your like
mental health or they're not helping the
situation be that your actual and
thirties we've got the things that you
worry about every day your panic attacks
your depression anything don't let it
control you and I know that is easy for
me to say but after suffering with it
for nine years and now being able to do
things that I wish that I had done on my
own without any help then I know that
maybe some of you watching this may feel
exactly the same way after this video is
finished if you can switch off the
negative thoughts surrounding any of
those things even if it's just for one
day then eventually you will start to
grow confidence and your fears and
anxieties and worry will soon fade and
you'll just be able to do all the things
that you really want to do I try and
look at it as in think of all the
amazing things you could be doing or all
the amazing things you could be missing
out on and you don't want to have to
live your life thinking what if I'd have
gone to uni like what if I had gone
traveling around the world what if I had
just said yes to that guy that asked me
out on a date but I said no because I
was too scared there are so many things
that you could literally sit here and be
like what if and you don't want to live
your life thinking what if there is a
lot more to people than you might first
realize and sometimes life is hard for
people and I just hope that this video
has either comforted you in the
knowledge that someone else is going
through the same thing or has even
helped you realize what you're
experiencing is panic or if it's helped
you to help someone else or if it in
fact helped you to stop packing that
would be absolutely amazing but please
leave comments in the comment section
below and reply to each other's comments
this is a good opportunity for people to
write things out of other people to
reply and for people to get involved
with each other and help each other
please just at least try it and say yes
to one thing after watching this video
if not everything and yeah let me know I
will also leave the links to my blog
posts below so you can go and read those
and that's it so I'm sorry this was
really deep but I love you
and thank you so much for watching my
videos and for sticking with me oh yeah
um have a nice rest of the day and bye
