hi it is officially November which means
that October has gone that's just common
knowledge it's a whole other month where
I've used products but I've enjoyed and
I want to share with you so this is
going to be my October favorites video
the first product I've been really
loving through October is the serious
conditioner by X Factor I did mention
this in my ombre hair care video it is a
serious conditioner so a deep
conditioning treatment it's by the run
tgd and it smells like strawberries and
cream which is one of the massive
bonuses for this product there's so much
in there it's literally gonna last you
months and months and months and you
only need the tiniest amount on your
hair I like to use this every 10 days I
don't want to use it too much I don't
really want my hair to get too used to
it and also I find if I use too many
hair treatments on my hair goes a bit
soft and a bit difficult to work with
but it is good as a nice like refresh it
has sunflower seed oil don't really know
what that does for your hair I'm not
going to sit here and pretend I do and
I'm but whatever it is it makes my hair
feel super super soft it makes the blond
ends look less brittle and it just
improves the overall appearance of my
hair so I am thoroughly enjoying that
and it is worth the kind of expensive
price tag sticking with hair I've also
been really liking the Toni & Guy
glamour firm hold hairspray I am really
fussy with hairspray I've tried quite a
lot and normally I'm left quite
disappointed but this one I really
really like I don't know why I picked
this one up I think I was in Boots with
Louise and I need your hairspray and I
picked up the travel sized one just to
throw in my handbag and I liked it so
much that I went out and bought the
full-size one it smells really nice but
it's the hold but I really really like
uhm I don't like anything which makes my
hair rock-hard I also don't like
anything which makes your hair literally
feel and look as though
no hairspray at all when it doesn't hold
anything so like a nice in-between it's
like something that I really like and
that seems to do the job so I've been
really enjoying this and now I need to
use it it's great
moving on to skincare things more
recently you will know that I had a
little trip into lush and I picked up
quite a lot of their Christmas things
which I have been using and enjoying but
there was one thing from lush which I
always used to purchase and it was my
like go-to for a little skin dry and
that was the fresh face mask in
catastrophe cosmetic these do last two
weeks that's the only really kind of
frustrating thing because you kind of
feel like you have to rush you use it up
it doesn't look too big in the packaging
but actually a little bit of this goes
quite a long way I think these are about
4 to 5 pounds and they're to be kept in
the fridge and you pop it on your face
and it's nice and cold and it's just the
nicest face mask I've used so many
different face masks but I always always
come back to this one I always notice
when I have like a few spots here and
there which I do get pretty much all the
time and this always seems to help it
doesn't get rid of them it just kind of
soothes them and makes them less sore
and just kind of helps prevent I don't
know it just makes my skin feels so much
nicer and also it's just a nice little
treat like in the bath or if you had a
long hard day it says um calms and
cleanse the skin blueberries rich of
beneficial antioxidants soothing calm
our Irish moss and the gentle cleansing
action of Cala mean to save the day
don't know if I said that right um but
yeah it's just really really nice and I
love the smell and I've been using it
for probably like two years now so firm
favorite which are repurchased and now I
love it again sticking with skincare
again and the next thing I have which I
am loving at the moment is the origins
high potency nightmoon's cream
mineral enriched oil free renewal cream
um it says apply at night to face and
neck this cream smells horrible the only
way I can describe the smell of this is
you know chocolate sweets at Christmas
they're dark chocolate and in the middle
you've got a gooey orange cream like
chocolate cream chocolates that's what
it smells like now most of you will be
like well that's a nice smell anything
this artificially orange smelling or
tasting I'm a little bit iffy with
besides Terry's chocolate orange that's
the only thing that I can stomach so I
apply this and don't like breathe in
which is kind of odd and you're probably
wondering why is this in your favourites
if you can't even apply it without it
making you want to gag but the actual
cream itself is amazing every other
night I like to apply this for nights
where I'm not using my liquid gold which
I talked about in my oddest favorites I
will apply this all in my face it
doesn't go on really thick it's quite a
thin cream it doesn't feel too heavy on
your skin and it sinks in really nicely
and in the morning my skin is always so
so soft and looks a lot more healthy a
lot more plump if that is at all
possible so I use that every other night
hold my breath whilst I apply it to my
face in the morning this mask okay
moving on to makeup bytom's I have
really been loving the rimmel london
kate moss lipsticks the one I'm
currently wearing which is 107 I don't
know the name for it there up there is
no name it literally just says 107 it's
a really really dark red I don't know if
you can see that very well as my camera
doesn't do that please so good thing I
never thought I would want to ever wear
a dark vampy red but I really like it
now that the summer has gone I just
think it looks nice I don't know I just
really like it it's literally my current
favorite lipstick I like that they are
really easy to apply they're really
really pigmented
there's nothing about these that I can
complain about
in all honesty I really really like them
and they're a really good price I think
they're like seven pounds six or seven
pounds so yeah been really liking those
next thing I've been really liking is an
Al's product
I love NARS a lot a lot a lot the
product from NARS I'm loving is the
blush called luster which is a really
really pretty I would say apricot with
tiny teeny tiny gold shimmers which
means it kind of warms the face without
making you appear too overdone like I am
wearing it today just as a blush and a
highlight I've not highlighted at all
because I think the gold kind of
shimmers off the cheeks I feel like if I
were to wear a pink or a ready toned
blush on my face whilst I'm wearing red
lipstick it could be way too much so I
like to go for this for a lot more of a
subtle look and it just kind of warms up
the face a little bit so yes I have been
really loving that me and Louise took a
little trip up to Manchester to visit
Earl of Thrifty mrs. which is when we
filmed the videos and whilst we were
there we went into Selfridges and we
went to a Laura Mercier counter where we
had a kind of strange experience the
sales assistant used the technique of
insulting your appearance in order to
make you buy makeup which uh it worked
with what makeup but it wasn't really
the most polite way about doing your job
so that was kind of odd anyway
sidestepping I bought something from the
not so polite sales assistant and it was
the I don't really know what these are
called undercover pot undercover
camouflage pot it's the one way you have
a little mirror and you have the
concealer and the under eye concealer
and then you have you unscrew it and you
have the finishing powder underneath I'm
not a massive fan of the camouflage
concealer they're like heavy duty one
for your skin nor am I really must have
fell of the powder or the concept
because this is just like the most
ridiculously messy thing like if your
entree and you decided to get this out
try and use it you would literally cover
everyone with powder but that aside I
really like see I've got powder all over
me I really really really like the
under-eye concealer which is like quite
a salmony color but I've literally I
don't know if you can see I've hit pan
on that now so I think what I'm going to
do is go back and just buy the under-eye
concealer because you can buy all these
three things separately
I just got it all together because I
wanted to test each one and see if I
liked it and I do so I'm going to go
back and buy that okay so those are my
favourites of October I hope you've
enjoyed the video and I hope there are
some things in that that may have
intrigued you or if there isn't then I
hope you enjoy the video all the same I
don't know what I'm doing with my arms I
think it's time for me to go um I will
see you again very soon goodbye video
further favorite that's just sort me
barn is out in middle middle and I'm oh
my god why can I say yeah hey that
doesn't make sense
only Woody's cheek or just spot on
myself life
I'd say I'm so excited for my holiday
I'm so excited for my holiday it's hot
Oh dig so it's like the dead boy Allah
day I'm like I've got a bit on my hand
