oh hi I am here today with Marcus Butler
hello hello we are going to do some
accents because briefly in my previous
video I filmed with Sam I did a few
accents and everybody wanted to see an
accent video we all know that Marcus is
quite good at accents that's a complete
loss okay I've just done a lot of accent
videos that doesn't mean I'm good I
think you're quite good
you're definitely method a we made a
list of all around the world and around
England different accent a sense that we
like all that we'll try to do also like
just quickly say we don't mean to offend
anybody we're just you know giving it a
guttural laugh stereotypically yes okay
um first one
cockney I might know my whole like
movement changes them at night yeah I
like that is that real nice all right
That's not me is it was faking I don't
even know what you speak in South London
a London from I'm Courtney yeah
this wasn't a yeah you go just go down
the apples and pears stairs you just
rhyming things of hair cockney rhyming
slang ah
Topher pants Topher a pant scouts face
meet oh yeah going downtown tonight I'm
so excited you're watching a football
good thing to face cows is smoky bacon
smoky Persian smelly beggin ya ha ha ha
ha here's my West Country this is from
my part yeah a Roy nightmare I know you
said to him I'm gonna go down to
McDonald's and get myself a McFlurry
gonna good down
we got a brand new combine harvester
okay that's great thanks to Sharon oh
they're free right
escaped that's getting everyone
Yorkshire more like you know like tea
yeah no like it no ellagic you coming
out for a pound and a bit of plastic tip
up going down Paul come on let's go
that's good I don't even know undo my
life right now
oh the let them be see the e or
something Scottish I'm from Scotland
what you know this Zoe's I I'm so bad
Skippy dude
what voice give me big get the get
mattress Scotland face QbD gb d see they
tried same markets though in Scottish
Marcus oh yeah Marcus Irish and we've
established there's two different types
of Irish you've got Northern Irish we've
got southern Irish yeah Muniz markets
and I'm from Ireland that's good but I
don't know where that's even brought a
stick - Irish like nothing that's an
easy look you're sayin - whoa what's the
way they like manage ownage it looks to
crap or though the sun's coming out so
it's alright there you go Welsh I'll
pick you up in my Caravan and then we'll
go on a holiday I'd pick you up in my
caddy ban and with gone holiday holiday
I say I'm so excited for my holiday I'm
so excited for my holiday it's like the
dead why 'allah day I'm like I've got a
bit on my hand so today I'm gonna go
down to the shops and buy some groceries
ok so today I'm gonna go down to the
shops and buy some groceries that's so
good
are you actually well she's actually
well sure hey no I wish I was no no one
Welsh I wish I was all so disappointed
shall we carry on
yes yeah yeah
South American damn know what though
hey JimBob get back in the house cooking
up some Texas chicken oh don't go messin
around
it's not funny it's a save mo lot a lot
look No oh wow
it just general like American just
chillin in the kitchen gonna go make
some hamburgers hamburgers casino all
Americans like hamburgers you want to
glance water water oh no thanks I don't
water great only alcohol oh can I look
up and just read the bus in fact how can
you read I have to do just about
everything
there's indispensable as the original
best-selling companion volume how to do
just about everything
it's like volume volume Spanish hola me
llamo Marcos tengo ENT nose Keva tsp soy
bastante Otto my deputies de si habla
espanol hola how do you just do like a
Spanish accent
hello it's vanishing you yes Spanish ah
y'all wanted to buy some fruit for ah
yeah buy some fruit gothics Thom Kozik
there we get that one in game Ivana
Spanish is how French is the same as
though French is easier well could you
just go yeah
the end escaping oh you're such a
beautiful door oh why thank you very
much
hey Australian good night night strewth
so today we've got to put some stuff on
the barbecue right um every task
yeah
please step-by-step instructions helpful
tips and warning and useful list of
things you will need to complete each
tub get a Chinese my name is Marcus and
I'm telling hey where's our we are
making a video hey y'all know the South
African hybrid Danny Archer hi my name
is Caspar Lee I'm sexy South African
 but Russian
hello my friend I'm from Russia and
today we are going to talk about vodka
this will be a fun video I hope you
enjoy it
yeah goodbye from russia by german that
is good yah and today we are going to go
through the shop and we going to buy
some chips naked so that was me and
Marcus attempting to do some accents for
you I hope you enjoyed it we also filmed
another video over on my channel where
we are basically talking about
Australian slang trying to guess what it
is with an Australian accent obviously
once you finish watching this video do
go over and watch the video over and
mark this channel and make sure you
subscribe once you're there I really
hope you enjoyed the video it is not as
make sure you click the thumbs up bye
I'm gonna Feniger baby there's me
me
