hello everyone today I accidentally went
shopping to Primark these types of
videos seem to prove most popular with
you guys it's probably because you can't
access Primark online so it's quite nice
to see what's actually in the shop
before you go there to see if there's
anything that takes your fancy
so I went there and I bought a few
things
and since Primark hauls are one of my
most requested videos I thought I would
share them with you okay the first thing
I picked up was this really cute little
sleeveless shirt just cream slight lead
it 10 the only reason I really really
liked it was the really cute collar it
just has really pretty detail and
obviously this is quite summery so I
think under a jumper is your best bet
for the current climate and that was 10
pounds so that was quite bargain s the
next thing I picked up which I'm not too
sure on is this like 60s style umm
stripy dress which is kind of a shift
dress I really like the color on this
one um it's quite pointed and nice I
like the stripes I'm not sure of the fit
of this um I'm going to try it on and
see what it looks like because I didn't
have time to try on today which is a big
no-no normally for Primark but um yeah I
just thought this would look quite nice
with tights and boots and that was also
ten pounds so I think for a dress that's
actually quite a bargain I appear to
have gone slightly dress crazy next
dress is this really cute baby pastel
peachy pink with black spots and it's
just like a skater girl style dress
thumbs out really pretty and that's just
sleeveless not really too sure what I'll
wear this with but I just thought that
was really cute and why
cause I don't know because the prices
been ripped off the bottom so that's
useful oh and it's a high-neck looks
like I'm wearing a bib right now
I bought candle a bit random it's like a
Christmasy style candle and it looks
Riki and it's in a cute little Christmas
tin and it's a three wick candle
it just smells really really nice it
doesn't smell like your typical
Christmas scent but it's cool firewood
fig and it literally smells amazing and
that was only three pounds fifty so
that's going to last you a good while
its massive another candle that I picked
up is this one which was one pound fifty
called cinnamon clove as you can imagine
this one smells a lot more Christmassy
than the other one it has a little
snowflake on this smells literally like
Christmas in a tin I picked up these
which were in the kind of normal clothes
section I guess and I think they're
supposed to be leggings I would never
wear these as leggings out anywhere
because I think they're a bit salon like
I'm not really too short these would go
with but for everyday around the house
keeping warm and being festive these
will be toasty and they were 10 pounds
which i think was probably quite pricey
I mean they are really soft and they
will keep you really warm but I still
think that maybe slightly expensive for
what they are they also had lots and
lots of other festive varieties of these
like snowmen father Christmas they have
black ones with the same pattern
obviously red is much more festive so I
opted for the red pair I bought this
handbag um to use for nights out because
I don't really have a decent night's out
ton bag and I just figured this pink
color would go with a lot of different
things that was 8 pounds and it's quite
like roomy I mean there's loads of space
in there so yeah I like that and it has
a cute little bow on it another dress
that I picked up is this stripy again
strapless under I don't really know why
I like the strapless dresses since it's
kind of altar
winter at the moment doesn't really seem
to make an awful lot of sense but I
figured with a nice coat and some tights
and boots then oh it would look fine and
it's just pinstriped black and white
buttons all the way down the front and
elasticated around the waist and then
pleated on the bottom it does come with
this belt but I'm not normally a massive
fan of the belts that come with these so
I normally get rid of these and use my
own belts but yeah it feels this
actually feels really good quality like
really like heavy and I don't know just
good quality that was 15 pounds as our
most dresses in Primark I got this
bubble hat it's a Christmas bowler hat
this was three pounds from the men's
section I normally tend to find quite a
lot of jewelry every time I go to
Primark but a moment I just don't really
like any of it I don't know if that's
because I've kind of gone off jewelry a
little bit like even now I don't even
think I'm wearing one piece of jewelry
which is so odd for me but I did really
like these rings there's a little top
hat some glasses and a little mustache
in a pack of three and they were only 2
pounds so I just thought they were quite
cute I picked up a snood snoods are kind
of essential for winter because you know
it gets cold and scarves are a bit
annoying you know one end kind of
disappears these just a loop stays on
nice and chunky and this is in like a
dark forest green and this was 5 pounds
and no I just really liked it as always
when it gets to this time of year
Primark bring in the best pyjamas ever
so I got them the first pair are these
um I made a Primark error ah I looked at
the hanger not at the label label is
size 16 to 18 hanger said size 8 to 10
so slight problem
um these will not fit me but they are
amazing so I'm
I have to take them back and swap them
basically just the snug East little
trousers or jim-jams to wear on the
house and they are five pounds got it
but I can't put those on now in the way
of pajamas I also picked up this little
set which has the top check I got the
right size I'm going to be really
powering out yeah the top was three
pounds it's just red kind of like a
Coralie
red with little blue flowers and I
picked up the matching trousers which
were six pounds one more pajama set but
this one is shorts so little shorts but
these just aren't any shorts they have
been labeled as cheeky shorts so these
are cheeky I don't know if that's
because your ass cheeks hang out the
bottom I'll soon find that out three
pounds and again with the matching top
which was also three pounds a last two
things are shoes um first pair I got
were these simple suede black wedges I
purchased some red type wedges kind of a
few videos back last Primark call I
think um and I never got around to
wearing them as much as I'd hoped
because they were red so I've just
picked up some plain black ones because
I know that they'll go with most outfits
and they were 16 pounds which for a pair
of shoes I don't think is all that bad
last pair is these boots I'm quite fussy
with boots I don't really like many that
I see but actually I really like these
ones they're plain black kind of suede
II fabric on the front have a tiny
little heel and they also have a buckle
on this side and studs flap kind of
diamante studs and then kind of sticky
out pointy studs along along the top so
I just thought they were really nice and
they were a tea
pounds okay so that is everything for my
Primark haul I hope that you've seen
some things in there that you like or
that you might in fact take a trip to
Primark to by yourself thank you for
watching guys if you enjoyed it give it
a thumbs up
I hope this has fulfilled your need for
a Primark haul
it's definitely fulfill mine goodbye
well it looks weird my nose is so it
true it's a gif right there
have you always noticed how awkward I am
when say hello and saying goodbye I find
it so difficult and I don't know why
maybe I should just start my videos like
without saying hello with that just not
be the weirdest thing ever
I like without saying goodbye to be like
yeah this is my home gone make it be
very rude
