hi everyone so I have ombre hair if you
don't know what ombre hair is it is
where blonde bleach or blonde hair dye
is applied to the lower lengths of your
hair let me stand for you so you can see
what falling is applied to the lower
ends of your hair to make it gradually
look lighter I guess I personally like
it because I think it gives my hair a
bit more texture and it's just a bit
more interesting really so the purpose
of this video is to let you guys know
what products I use what styling
products I use and how I care for my
ombre hair ombre is essentially Beach
and bleach is bad for your hair no
matter what anyone says you are putting
peroxide which is a chemical on your
hair and stripping it of its natural
color I got my ombre done in a salon I
previously had ombre hair which I did do
myself using a box dye and I will leave
information on how I did that and which
day I used in the description box so if
you were thinking of doing that too then
you can go and give that a read but at
the moment the ombre that I have was
done by a salon and I think they used
three different types of dye I think one
was peroxide I'm not too sure the other
two were once you have dyed your hair
whether you've got ombre whether you've
got highlights whether you've got all
over blonde it's really really important
for you to use the right products end or
targeted at coloured hair so without
further ado I will show you some of the
things that I use shampoo wise I
actually use three different types now I
don't know if this is normal procedure
but I have favourites and I like to
alternate between all of them because I
mean why not the first that I really
really love which I've been using for
years literally I was 16 is the TGS
factor ring
these ones in particular are smoothing
shampoo for shining and rehydrating your
hair and basically these are amazing I
even own them in salon size which I
bought from feel unique I'll leave the
link in the description box because I
just what
to last me ages they smell like
strawberries and cream so you always
find yourself like sniffing your hair
but I just find that this shampoo
additionally leaves my hair feeling
really really silky and any time that I
use this to wash my hair I'm always just
like ah sleek another shampoo
conditioner that I really really like
using which is also dripping wet because
I'm just glad my showers I'm literally
just getting my lap soaked are the Toni
& Guy cleanse shampoo and conditioner
and these are specifically targeted for
blonde hair I know that only the lower
half of my hair is blonde but I still
find that this um kind of helps the
blonde I mean I don't need anything to
help the natural brown of my hair so I'd
rather buy shampoo is targeted for blond
hair or dyed blonde hair so yeah I
really really like that as well another
thing which I kind of class as like a
vital kind of step in keeping ombre nice
is using a purple shampoo before I
reopened my head this time I never used
a purple shampoo or conditioner because
I didn't realize that you could use a
purple shampoo or conditioner I'd heard
that purple is good for toning the hair
color and taking out the brassy colors
but I've never thought there would be
anything available on the high street so
then I found the Lee Stafford Beach
blonde shampoo Pro blonde complex for
bleached or partly beached highlights or
bleached hair knocks out brassy canary
yellow tones and I've also got the
conditioner as well and it says that you
should only really use this once a week
which I suppose I do actually I don't
really use it all that much when I first
got it I was using it probably twice I
was using it every time I wash my hair
which is probably not too great um but
when I do use this I honestly notice
such a massive difference in my hair
so I do think that this really really
helps and also I know that there are so
many other brands that do something very
very similar for like Ricci so if you do
have highlights or ombre then I would
definitely advise getting something
it's purple and it literally is this
color it looks so scary when you're
washing your hair in the shower and all
is just like drip Styles like whoa and
they smell really nice too like all
these Stafford hair products I'm not a
massive fan of hair masks I'm actually
quite lazy when it comes to doing my
hair because I have so much of it as you
can see I get kind of bored and it all
becomes a bit kind of it becomes a bit
of a chore doing my hair and it takes
years to dry and it takes years to wash
and it takes years to brush before
washing and everything just takes twice
as long having twice as long hair so as
much as you look at might look at me and
think I wish I had long hair it's not as
straightforward as it may see but in
terms of hair masks um if I find
something I really really love then I
will take that extra time to do this
like once a week and it is X Factor
again surprise surprise I just love this
brand so much I've lit this is the only
haircare brand I can honestly say I've
used the longest like since I was 16
that's you know a long time six years
six years I've been using this brand
which sounds a lot and I keep
repurchasing it too so it obviously
works this is called the serious
conditioner look how cute the pot is for
a start it has a handle this will
literally last you absolutely ages look
at it smells like strawberries and cream
it's got sunflower seed oil which is
supposed to be really beneficial for the
hair um and yeah I just put this in
after I shampoo leave on for three to
five minutes wash out and my hair feels
amazing and I literally love it
nice little indulgence for my hairs on
my head for blow-drying I will normally
wrap my hair up in a derby towel if you
don't watch heavy towel is it's a
amazing invention which is basically a
tiny thing which you'd like twist onto
your hair and it like kind of clips back
and pops onto a little button it's
brilliant you can buy one pound blah so
go hold it for those after I've done
that I put in my s factor smoothing
luster Iser
which is a D frizz and tamer so I run
that through towel dried hair just to
I don't concentrate this on the top
because I kind of feel like that might
make my hair greasy yeah there's
actually a teeny tiny teeny tiny
shimmers in it which you can notice on a
sunny day and when you look in your
hands after you've applied it through
the bottoms which makes your hair look
ultra shiny like in photos or in the
sunlight it just reflects shine so if
you have an issue where your hair looks
kind of dull and do get this because it
really is a miracle worker and also
leaves your hair feeling super super
soft
before I apply any heat on my hair which
is very rarely sometimes I'll curl it
with straighteners sometimes I will
straighten it and straighteners
sometimes I'll use curling tongs
although that is very rare because I am
rubber sure using them I get really
cack-handed and get everything mixed up
so that doesn't happen very often when I
do use styling tools I will use a heat
defense spray and the one I use is by
lee stafford and it is argan oil from
morocco miracle heat defense spray heat
protectant care for the smoothest
silkiest healthiest hair yeah this is
really nice smells nice umm I don't ever
really notice too much from heat defense
as long as it's doing the job and you're
not adding any extra damage to the ends
of your hair then that's a plus one
thing I will say is if you're quite lazy
with heat defence sprays because I was
one of these people you can't be lazy
with heat defense spray if you have
ombre hair because your hair is already
damaged please don't make it worth spray
something on it protect it as much as
you can otherwise you'll find that your
hair breaks a lot more and it can become
very very thin on the ends and that's
the last thing you want as some of you
will be aware I like to wear my hair
kind of messy like this kind of
scrunchie kind of just kind of beachy I
don't really know the term just like
this and to do that I'm use salt sprays
sea salt spray this one here which I've
just used is the turian guy casual sea
salt texturizing spray for texture and
body I bought a small one of these
because I wasn't sure if I was gonna
like it
I do like it and I won't be repurchasing
with big one it's just nice to add
shoo-shoo your hair you can spray this
when your hair's wet and then dry it and
keep scratching or I tend to just put it
in dry hair and scrunch and then use a
bits hairspray to seal it all in place
the other one that I really like is the
TIGI catwalk session series salt spray
which again is really really nice does
the job really well and I really like it
okay so that is everything that I use on
my hair that I can think of that would
help you in some way or aid you in
looking after your ombre hair or even if
you're just interested to know what
shampoos I use or yeah I don't know it
was just quite highly requested video so
I've got to do that for you I hope you
enjoyed the video don't forget to give
it thumbs up if you did and I will see
you very soon good bye
oh hey I'm got hair in the eye hair in
the eye is total oh wow
