how everyone a few things you may notice
first thing I'm making a video on my own
I have been doing some collaborative
videos with lots of my friends and now I
am having to make a video on my own and
I kind of forgotten how that works feel
really alone and a bit vulnerable and
exposed because I enjoy making videos
other people not going to be doing it
forever obviously but you kind of kind
of bounce off each other and it's easy
and it's fun to film whereas right now
I'm just like on my own and thinking how
do I do this again
the second thing you may notice is I am
wearing hat um this is kind of part of
the video I did buy it it's part of the
whole um I wanted to wear it because I
like it and also I'm having kind of a
bad hair day and unless you want to see
me playing with my hair throughout the
entirety of this video it's gonna remain
on my head it's also quite cold so it's
keeping me warm the other thing you may
notice I have exceptionally smokey eye
makeup I went a bit overboard this
morning with eye makeup there is no
other reason for this I just did a
smokey eye I don't do smokey eyes very
often got a bit carried away and now I
look cool I come up to go on a night out
with my bobble hat on so the other thing
you may notice I have chip nails
I literally have hardly any time to film
this video sat down and was like ah oh
my goodness massively chipped nails big
error big Beauty error and so I thought
I would show you some of the things that
I have bought and if you don't like all
videos do click the little X button
that's either up here or up here first
thing I want to show you I want is in a
video I've worn it in blog posts and
instagrams I think this rose gold chunky
chain necklace I really like rose gold
at the moment it's one of my favorite
things it's not heavy it's very light in
fact think it was around 12 pounds and
that is from a soft top shop I haven't
bought all this all in one go this is
over a numerous amounts of times in
Topshop and this is just some of the
stuff I bought from there
so let's begin firstly I've got this hat
from Topshop this hat the one I'm
wearing on my head I really like it
quite a lot because I liked it I went
and got another one and this one is
actually from Topman this is from the
women's this is from the men's this was
twelve pounds that's quite a lot for her
actually or if you have a grandma or an
animal however you like to call your
parents parents then you can ask them to
knit you one for probably a considerable
amount less I like it
I also bought this shirt which I've just
realizes I'm done because I tried it on
it's very like share in fact it's like
see-through pretty much so you would
have to wear something underneath this
or a pretty bra if you're going on a
night out maybe sleeves white
three-quarter length cuffs and the
actual collar is quite short and cute
and I just really liked that so that was
some Topshop to more casually an army
t-shirt going a bit more boring now I
got this like really drapey t-shirt it's
a really nice fabric but it's super
super super long there see whoa I'm
thinking that it would look really nice
over like tights leggings and disco
pants I've also got this necklace now I
don't normally buy jewelry from Topshop
because I'm quite fussy and I normally
think that their jewelry is massively
overpriced but I really really liked
this one because it had lots of
different colored metals
it's got rose gold or like a copper gold
and silver and brown like leather bits
here so I just don't know I just thought
that was quite dynamic like you could
wear that with quite a lot of different
colored jewelry this t-shirt that says
geek sleeves rod I'm really into like
baggy t-shirts at the moment because I
wear my disco pants a lot it's been
really liking wearing them with baggy
t-shirts like this one which I also
called this is
American Apparel men's section and
tucking them in these tops are really
really casual but the disco pants dress
them up slightly and that's what I've
been doing so I've been buying lots of
like baggy tops I can tuck into my disco
pants so when I saw this one I actually
liked this one because of the color it's
like a really nice dark forest green so
that is everything from Topshop just
quickly I went into hmmm and I picked up
this shirt which is also undone because
I'm so unorganized for videos it is a
shirt you know how much I love my
collared shirts I wear them all the time
and it's a really really nice like
salmony baby pink color and it has studs
little gold studs on the collar and it
has long sleeves but it was the back
that really intrigued me because it's
not fitted it has like a pretty like
some doubt back Cliff Lee just mentioned
that I got this top from American
Apparel
somebody banned me from American Apparel
for goodness sake
I own the black disco pants I wear them
all the time ask anybody that I spend
time with and they will tell you that I
wore my disco pants pretty much every
time they've seen me so to any of you
that are contemplating buying them but
you think that they're a bit too
expensive I have totally got my money's
worth out of them and now I own a Navy
pair and any of these I don't know what
disco pants are they are like really
really thick trouser leg Inns they have
two pockets on the back and think sandy
in Greece at the end scene you do a lot
a lot oh honey that one the trousers
that she's wearing they pretty much look
like these massively massively
skin-tight and high-waisted but um I
really like them I am somebody who only
wears leggings and tights
I don't wear jeans I don't really ever
wear like trouser trousers um so I get a
lot of use out of things like this so
it's worth it to me but if you're
contemplating it you don't like
high-waisted things or you don't like
skin-tight leggings or anything then
maybe go
try them on just to make sure because
they are quite expensive also picked up
these socks now I don't really know why
I bought these they had some nice like
color variations if you're into socks I
then went into lush Oh something poking
out here they have their Christmas stuff
so I went a bit lush crazy on the
christmas thing one annoying thing is
that the lady didn't put the stickers on
my stuff so I'm literally gonna have to
sit here and go through the lush times
to find out what they're told
father Christmas bath ballistic whoo
looks really cute so it's basically the
Satsuma Santa but they have reformulated
him and made him look actually quite
cute and also it smells better than
before once you pop this sparkling red
glittery Santa bomb in your tub it will
turn your water from bright red to vivid
green Wow the other one did not do that
I'm actually very excited to use this it
does have red glitter in it so if you're
not a massive fan of the glittery things
then maybe avoid this one but he smells
really nice don't crumble on me Santa
okay the next thing which was around
last year is the magic wand reusable
bubble bar thing smells like Snow Fairy
it has a little bell on it and you run
your bath and you switch this around in
the bath and it makes bubbles and it
makes your bath go pink and you can use
it more than once which is cool and I
really like this one this one is called
the party popper bath bomb smells
amazing I'm getting it on my nose so
spins about in your tub releasing
popping candy and soap flakes made of
dried honeydew melon along with a ginger
champagne fragrance and ribbons of pink
and blue color you can scoop the flakes
up and wash with them too okay this
sounds so exciting has popping candy and
is going to make your bath blue and pink
and you can wash with it wow this one is
my favorite one and it's so white you
may notice it's huge now they have
reformulated it and may
massive so white smells of apples throw
this dazzling white snowball at your bar
and you'll be bathing aptly ever after
ah basically inside this is a pink
bubble bar so once this is dissolved the
pink comes out and it makes your bath
pink and this bubble bar inside so it
will make bubbles this just sounds
amazing I feel like I need to talk about
this one like this really there's no
other way to do it justice
this one's called bubble beard and it's
like the wand the reusable wand except
this one is a mustache like father
Christmas's mustache and you switch this
around in your bath and it creates
bubbles and you can do it for multiple
bath times and it smells lavender E and
amazing and I'm really excited to use
this and I think it looks grand have
yourself a merry little Christmas Santa
sack looks kind of weird I think this is
the sack part and these are the presents
yeah this is like your typical Christmas
you sent this one so it's basically
three bubble bars in one and it smells
very nice so the last thing is this
shower gel which is called punch the
girl in there was extremely excited
about this shower gel
she couldn't praise it enough she said
it had tequila in it
this packs a punch with orange juice and
a shot of tequila inspired by inspired
by traditional Mexican Christmas punch
this shower gel is bright boozy fruity
and uplifting now I'm not really a fan
of tequila personally but this smells
absolutely amazing I liked you want to
drink it it smells really really nice I
also placed an order on feel unique calm
the first thing I bought was this
perfect legs miracle skin buy this works
I have heard people rave about this
product
I think Louise has it and I think Fleur
has it it's basically a serum with
vitamin C to effect repair and enhance
now I had a bit of an accident in terms
of falling not you know a that kind of
accident I fell and I hurt myself
I'm not going to go into detail about
how I hurt myself there are a selection
of my friends you will know who you are
if you're watching this video that do
you know how I hurt myself and um it was
probably one of the most embarrassing
moments of my life and I was left with a
huge bruise on my hip and bruises all
over my knees and I have been using this
because it has Amica to fade bruising so
I was like perfect I'm going to use this
I have actually been using this on my
bruises and it does seem to help whether
that's just because my bruises are
healing on their own or this is helping
I don't know but either way the bruises
on my body have healed mentally bruising
ah that will take a while sticking with
this works I also picked up their clean
skin 5 in one water which is a rose
water cleanser to remove makeup
decongest and brighten your skin um this
has also been raved about by Louise and
Fleur I kind of like this I'm not blown
away by it I haven't used it enough to
give like a full review of it but it is
really really nice I wouldn't say that
it takes makeup off as well as my Taj
micellar water but it does leave my skin
feeling re refreshed and really nice and
I will continue to use it
moving on to her TGS factor range TG
obviously have Bed Head catwalk lots and
lots of different things but s factor is
my favorite from them it's a smoothing
moisturizer d frizzy and tamer and it's
a cream that you just run through your
hair before you blow dry it it says a
scientific blend of ingredients that
silk rifice softens fights humidity and
it says using wet or dry hair I have
never used this in dry hair because
things like that scare me a bit but
always use this after I wash my hair it
smells absolutely amazing it smells like
strawberries and cream this whole range
of products all smell of strawberries
and cream and it's the sort of thing
that when you're like walking along you
still get a whiff of your hair you're
like ah that smells amazing and yeah I
highly highly recommend this
I literally just run out of this so I
repurchased it and the bottle is weird
I've been trying
out different shampoos conditioners
treatments and things for blonde hair so
I picked up this Redken blonde glam
color enhancer perfect platinum and it
says color depositing conditioning
treatment for ultra pale - light blonde
hair and highlights so this is supposed
to intensify the bond on the ends of
your hair
take out brassy colors and just really
help with blond I suppose I've not used
this yet so I will report back if it's
any good
and I also picked up this TIGI catwalk
session series salt spray I have been
kind of obsessed with salt spray since
I've had um braids because I know I feel
like my hair it's quite nice when it's
all like scrunched and to --sold
so I've been testing out a few salt
sprays to see which ones make my hair
look the nicest and this has by far
being one of my favorites but this one
smells literally amazing like if you I
would definitely advise using this on a
night out because it's like it smells
like it has perfume in it it smells that
nice and but yeah I've been really
enjoying this and I just think the
bottle looks really nice and sleek and
it does a very very good job
also from feel unique I bought this
Redken full-body instant modifier
volumizing foam for baby fine hair I am
aware I do not have baby fine hair what
I do have is fine hair but lots of it
and I always find that mousses and
things to volumize your hair
specifically targeted for fine hair
normally work really really well on all
kinds of hair I thought you know what
I'm going to give this one a go and see
what it's like because a lot of people
rave about redkin as a brand and I think
it was in the sale so I bought it ok so
that is all the products that I have
bought over the last month or so
combined into one big viewing experience
for you the viewer of the hall yeah so I
hope you enjoyed this video and I will
see you again very soon what's that by
Dino noise
ah I can't film videos on my own anymore
haha
deadlines deadlines massive fail fail
fail fail okay look pick up boom with me
is that I know I possibly boring just
giving time to suck a little sniff and
it smells great I leave I'm no whoa no
no no no what did I get
where should I start I'm real friend oh
god no whoa strawberry champagne
you
