hello everybody today I nearly chatting
you through everything I loved through
January which is the longest month that
ever existed and just feels like it
takes forever to finish anyone else feel
like that I just felt like January was
never-ending I'm actually sat in my
conservatory today which is different
because I don't normally sit in here and
it might be slightly more
echoey so I do apologize if it is I do
have a microphone like directly in front
of me so hopefully the sound isn't too I
quite like sitting down here I mean my
little like conservatory jungle it's
comfy it's nice and light it means I
didn't have to bring my lights down and
get my lights out and it's just it's
quite nice to film in natural light
which I haven't been able to do in such
a long time because of winter I have a
lot of things in January a because it is
the longest months like in the world and
be because I had like a bit of time off
at the start of January so I found that
I was using lots of new things that I
hadn't used before and spending more
time watching things and doing things so
there's a lot of like beauty stuff but
there's also a lot of like random things
starting off with beauty stuff I fell in
love with this product through January
this is the glossy air priming
moisturiser rich luxurious face cream
this stuff is glorious I got given this
at a Christmas party in December in like
a goodie bag which was very generous of
them and I've like used half of it up my
skin is always really dry this time of
year it's I guess especially bad when
it's freezing cold outside and actually
very warm inside because it's a central
heating so I have been using quite a lot
of this I love the consistency of it
it's quite thick but then it does
sinking quite quickly and it doesn't
leave my face looking or feeling oily
which I really appreciate hello used up
a fair amount of that already I like
using this in the morning but because it
has a really lovely like soft
lavender II smell but like fresh
lavender like this sort of lavender that
you would smell in your garden it's a
really really nice one to put on at
night as well so have been loving that
sticking with makeup not a lot has
changed you guys know I'm not too
adventurous when it comes to makeup
although I have been trying quite a lot
this month so maybe for my February
favourites there'll be a few like a few
little makeup items mixing up my makeup
bag a little bit but one product or two
products that I have absolutely loved
using is the Tarte shaped ape contour
concealer I loved Hart they have a
water-based foundation that I was
obsessed with in like 2015 I want to say
and that run out and I just haven't
repurchased it and I'm using so many
different foundations all the time I'd
kind of forgotten it existed and then
this came into my peer box this is their
new one it did actually come with a
foundation as well which I'm also
enjoying but I'm enjoying this a lot
more one of the things I absolutely love
about it is the applicator it's huge and
it makes applying the concealer so quick
and so easy so I just dab it anywhere on
my face where I feel like there's a
little mark or there's a blemish and
then another thing that also arrived
which is supposed to be for use with the
foundation but I Oh
Nala is chewing an earth bullet hang on
now ah no don't chew that can I have
that or she's running off of it I have
used brushes like this before and
although I think the face brushes are
really nice for blending foundation I
just find them a bit gimmicky usually
and the ones for eyes are like way too
dense and round and too big for my
eyelids usually this one I have actually
been using to like blend in my
foundation and I do think it's making it
look so much better
so this is the Tarte double duty Beauty
brush but I've been using these two
things together and really really
enjoying them another thing I've been
loving is this
this is the Bobby Brown highlighting
powder in opal glow now you know I love
products like this I think I use this in
my winter makeup routine
I like highlighters with a very pinky
glow to them which is why I love the
Tanya burr peonies pleased so much which
I actually have on today and this is
similar to that but the pink is a lot
more subtle and it's more as it says
it's more open it's not quite as pink
and the sheen is just that it's more of
like a sheen but it's so beautiful and
it gives your skin a really healthy glow
another thing which I've been using in
very small ways I guess is this this is
the cover of X custom enhancer drops and
I see a lot of people using these and I
just think it's either makeup artists
who know what they're doing or people
that want to look really chiseled and
highlighting but again they know what
they're doing and so for that reason
these kind of products sort of scared me
a little bit because I I don't tend to
use cream or liquid makeup product very
often anyway but I just thought this
screams like disaster and having like a
shiny all-over face and let me tell you
they are very very pigmented like unreal
pigmented this is in the shade moonlight
it's a really pretty kind of champagne e
color and the reason I've been loving
this is because I've been using it in
very small ways in a sense that I've
just been dabbing a little bit on the
back of my hand and then taking like my
ring finger I'm just dotting it I'm just
popping it like underneath my brow bone
so I've got it on today like down the
center of my nose or just above my lip
on my Cupid's bow I haven't attempted to
like put it anywhere else but I should
imagine this is beautiful to use on
holiday like on your collarbones and
your shoulders and your legs and things
and let me tell you a little goes an
extremely long way you'll have to excuse
the fact that the Sun keeps going behind
a cloud in an hour of a cloud I just
can't help that moving on to body now
obviously I've been using a lot of my
zoella beauty snow Ella range which was
over Christmas and I love that scent and
I am still using it but now that the
range is kind of all being sold and it's
not Christmas anymore it has made me go
back to the products that came out in
the jelly and gelato range which was
back in summertime because they are
still available to buy and they almost
get a little bit overshadows during
Christmas when like the big Christmas
gifting Rangers get like pride of place
so I had this in my shower and I was
like I'm gonna go back to using this I
love the smell it makes me so excited
for summer and it is the moisturizing
body wash called shower shake I love
this product so much my skin around this
time of year is drier than normal and so
using this in my shower does make a huge
difference to how my skin feels I don't
feel like I need to moisturize it as
much and I love using this to shave my
legs it's like the perfect product it
leaves my legs feeling so soft without
having to moisturize it's kind of like a
two-in-one to be honest and it's the
perfect time of year to be using it plus
it looks cute in the shower when I do
moisturize my body I've been using two
different body moisturizers and one of
them is this this is the Joe Malone
blackberry and BAE body cream now this
is hefty this is not travel friendly
it's in a really beautiful glass jar and
I bought it when did I buy it like
towards the end of January so I mean it
looks like I've barely touched it I just
absolutely love the black cream base and
I think it's my favorite Joan Malone
fragrance and I bought it in the body
cream and absolutely loved it and then
some night times so I'm more likely to
use a body cream after a shower in the
morning if I feel like I need to
but at night if I get out of the bath
I've been using this this is luscious
sleepy body lotion which I think got
quite a lot of attention towards the end
of last year or when it first came out
because it's meant to really help aid
your sleep which to be honest I've not
noticed because I sleep really well
anyway I am literally one of these
annoying people whose head hits the
pillow and I'm gone
but the reason I really like this is I
love how it feels and I love the smell
of it it's lavender II but it's like
sweet and soft lavender and it's also
quite vanilla and it's just it's
beautiful oh
oatmeal infusion that's that's the best
way of describing it it's like lavender
has like married up with like an oatmeal
smell so the two of them together it's
like you could eat it lavenders not
really the sort of said that you ever
feel like you could eat although some
people put laughing during cakes but I'm
not a fan of flower cake flavors so I
don't normally the lavender cakes but
that's what this smells like this smells
like a lavender cake I find it a little
bit heavy for me like I do if I put it
on I have to put a tiny bit on because
otherwise I wake up in the middle of the
night like a sticky hot mess but then I
am quite a warm sleeper so yeah love
that and then for hair I have been
loving this this is the hair by Sam
McKnight in cool girl I think there's a
couple of these all with different like
girl names and this is the barely there
texture mist I freaking love this so
much after I've done my hair I will tip
my hair upside down and I will spray
this everywhere like I've sprayed it on
today and it just gives it more it gives
it more texture it gives it more volume
it holds everything really well and I
love it
I'm not as keen on the scent as some
other haircare brands that I use like
way and daven s but the actual product
itself is so good but I don't mind that
it's not my favorite fragrance it's not
a fragrance I don't like it's just I
don't really know how to explain it it
smells a bit like when you pick flowers
but like if you're picking flowers and
then you sniff the stems like it's quite
a grassy smell but yeah I like it
it's amazing moving on to more random
favorites these earrings these are
little hexagon earrings and I have quite
a few different varieties of hexagon
earrings I feel like once I got my
second hole in my ear I found wearing
big hoops looked a bit weird I didn't
wear them for a really long time because
I just felt a little bit like having a
tiny one and then a huge one looked
weird I mean it probably didn't but it
was just one of those things that I was
like I can't wear big heaps ever again
now what have I done and then I found
these and they're so pretty and delicate
now these are either from ASOS and I do
think aces have some like this so it
could be that they're from a sauce or
these are from a brand that sent them to
my peer box and I don't remember what
the brand was which is really
frustrating me either way you can get
hexagon earrings like this pretty much
anywhere they basically made me bring
back my love of wearing bigger hoops so
I'm happy about that so probably the
biggest thing that I have loved through
January which has completely changed my
life is Sex in the City I've talked
about this already somewhere I think my
vlogging channel guys I've never seen
Sex in the City and anyone who's like my
age is like what do you mean you've
never seen it oh my god that blows my
mind and it blows my mind too I had a
friend who was always trying to make me
watch it and I was like yeah well but
sometimes knowing there's a whole series
of something that's already finished
it's quite a daunting prospect so I just
kept thinking one day one day one day
I'll watch it it's not an important
thing right now I'm too busy then over
new year
and let's start January and over
Christmas I was like I have time I'm
gonna start a new series watch let's
start Sex in the City
oh my god I was absolutely addicted
every single day I was watching a new
episode and I literally watched the
entire 6 series and both films like
within the space of about two weeks it's
amazing I love the characters I love the
fashion
I love the storylines I love the friend
ness of it that's not a very good way of
describing it but I love like their
friendship dynamic and if you've not
seen it you have you just have to watch
it it's so funny as well
I'm obsessed and I already want to go
back and start watching you from the
beginning another TV series I watched
and absolutely loved was big little lies
again another TV series that my friends
had told me to watch specifically tan
she was like you need to watch it so
good
it has Reese Witherspoon Nicole Kidman
and oh god the girl from The Fault in
Our Stars
why shailene woodley it's just really
great again I love the friendship
dynamic Reese Witherspoon in that series
is like my favorite version of Reese
Witherspoon I just love her character so
much and it's one of those things that I
can't really tell you about what happens
because what happens is the whole series
and I don't wanna give you any spoilers
but if you're looking for a new TV
series to watch check out big little
eyes it's great for Christmas Alfie very
kindly got me an iPad pro and I was
stuck to this thing at the start of the
year I was doing everything on it I was
coloring in on those like apps but the
thing I spent most of my time doing was
playing rollercoaster tycoon
growing up me and Jo always played a
game I think it was on the PlayStation
called theme park world and we loved it
it was amazing you had to build a theme
park well you had to make sure everyone
was having a good time you had to hit
goals you had to make money you had to
extend the park you had to up
rides like it was great and over
Christmas
me and I'll feel like we should both get
a game that we can compete with each
other on because we do tend to do that
sometimes we did it with like Farmville
and like there was another one where you
had to build a kingdom like every now
and then we play those ones the ones
we've got to like wait a certain amount
of time for things to happen I don't
know what that's called I've just been
so obsessed of it to be fair I've gotten
a bit busy now so I've not played it in
like a couple of weeks but through
January oh my god it was like the best
thing ever
every day I even this sounds really bad
I even took it to a meeting so that I
could tap all my rides to get the money
I mean it took two seconds and we were
allowed lunch break so it was fine but
everyone did laugh at me when I whipped
out like my iPad Pro and they're like oh
wow you aren't taking notes I was like
no I've just got collect my money on my
ride some roller coaster tycoon yes if
you've not played that game before and
you're looking for a game or a major
life distraction get roller coaster
tycoon last thing which is gonna be
absolutely no surprise to anyone who
watches my vlogging channel my last
favorite is the greatest showman that
film is in sane I just feel like it's
already gonna be my favorite film of
2018 and I watched it like the second
week of January it's amazing it's an
original musical film it has Hugh
Jackman in who I fell in love with when
I watch lemierre's because he was like
singing and acting in that so I was
really excited about the prospect of
watching it and I'd seen a trailer for
it like at the end of last year and I
wasn't like too bothered about seeing it
I didn't watch the trailer and think oh
my god I must see that but it was in the
back of my mind because I love musicals
and I love Hugh Jackman and it had Zac
Efron in it so I was like I feel like
it's a great casting I'm just talking
about how much I love the greatest
showman I know so then me Alfie and our
friend Holly we went to see it just
randomly like we weren't we weren't like
all like oh I can't wait I can't wait to
see it so
down and it's like the second the film
starts you are hooked and you have
goosebumps with every song and the
actual storyline is amazing it feels
like the film lasts half an hour because
you're so invested in it and then in
fact the cinema clapped at the end of
that film it was so good
two weeks later we're watching in cinema
again I have never seen a film in the
cinema
twice in my entire life that's how good
it is and I want to see it a third time
I didn't feel like it was only fair to
say how much I loved the film without
saying how much I loved the soundtrack
which I think makes up at least 50% of
why I love the film because the
soundtrack is incredible everyone I know
who I've told to go and watch this film
comes out of the cinema and immediately
wants to listen to the soundtrack I
think there's some kind of like hit like
hypnotizing thing going on because it is
weird how everyone is obsessed with the
soundtrack after they've seen it it's
just amazing if you've not yet seen it
you have to go and see it sorry this
favorites has been so long I really hope
you enjoyed it it was a little bit more
rambley and I don't feel like I'll edit
too much out of this because it's just a
bit more chilled I can see some pigeons
having sex in that tree can you see them
yeah there's Valentine's sex pigeons
anyway guys thank you so much for
watching this video make sure if you
haven't already go down there and give
the video a thumbs up make sure you are
subscribed and also if you click the
little bell that somewhere down here it
will notify you every time I upload so
you will never miss it I will see you
again very soon
goodbye
