hello everybody today I decided to do a
makeup look now normally when I feel my
makeups look I'll wait for my skin to
look send me okay we all know I have
problematic skin at the best of times
but when I feel like I'm having a good
skin day is usually the day I will
decide to sit down and do a makeup video
so when I looked in the mirror this
morning and realize that today was not
my lucky day and my skin had blessed me
with its lovely problematic ways I
didn't want to film the video and then I
had a little sit-down with myself and I
thought no I am going to film the video
because a so many people have
problematic skin whether that is acne or
a reaction or hormonal breakout there
are so many people across the world who
will be watching this who will be having
similar issues to me and I don't
generally get very self-conscious about
my skin because I'm aware that lots of
other people have skin issues too but I
felt particularly self-conscious today
and I wasn't going to do it and then I
thought I am going to do it because this
is what I would do in order to cover up
my skin today but this is me doing my
makeup on a problematic skin day so this
is the look I have done today irie hope
you guys enjoy the video so the first
thing I am going to do in my big fat bug
burger truck my big bag of tricks is put
on a little bit of the Elizabeth Arden 8
hour cream I have quite dry lips at the
moment so this is the only thing that
thoughts that out basically the taste
and smell of this always reminds me of
going on holiday because I always put
this on on the plane since I've already
washed prepped primed moisturize etc etc
my skin it is time to start with my
foundation the foundation that I like to
wear when I'm having a bit of a troubled
skin day or week or month is this which
is the Kat Von D locket
foundation this is 24-hour where full
coverage transfer-resistant
finish I've tried to be classic afraid
of double wear but I personally don't
get on with it as much as I know so many
other people do so once i've tried there
this was a complete lifesaver for me
because I feel like the coverage of this
is in same it's just what you need on
days where you're not feeling as like
skin constants and I am using a real
techniques dissing brush to apply that I
think this foundation is a smidgen on
the light side for me as you can see I
mean it matches neck to be fair but I
generally like to be a little darker on
the face so I am gonna bronze it up
don't worry as you can see that's one
pump
I've still got so much on my hands that
was like half a pump of that foundation
it's really great I'm going to just put
a tiny bit more on like the areas where
I think I need it a bit more next I have
a selection of concealers I haven't
actually decided which ones I'm going to
use yet I have two more of the Kat Von D
concealers I also have the Urban Decay
Naked concealer which is great it's
really like full coverage perfect for
kind of more spotty days and will do
this under my eyes and the life that
makes life so anyway I wrote on I feel
like these might be slightly too light
but let's try this one I'm just going to
put a little bit of it on the back of my
hand yeah that's quite light and then
using this which is one of my all-time
favorite Real Techniques brushes this is
the setting brush don't use it for
setting I use it for concealer rebel I'm
just going to dip that on the concealer
what I have some like problem areas I
like to put computer on the back of my
hand because I feel like dipping it on
your face and then putting it back in
the tube it's probably not the best for
your skin so I make sure I have a clean
brushes as possible this one was slowly
that my makeups as clean as possible
that my skin is as clean as possible but
my hands are clean as possible and that
you're not putting product straight from
the tube onto your face it does make a
lot of difference also changing your
pillowcases so I'm just gonna pop this
on some areas like Bronwyn move okay
going to just put a tiny bit more on
back of my hand am I going to mix it
with a little bit of the Urban Decay
Naked concealer that's slightly darker
in shade and then blend them on my chin
my chin is always my main problem area
basically my chin hates me and I hate it
okay I'm happy with that I'm just going
to do a tiny bit more okay there we go
now I'm going to pop this Bobbi Brown
corrector under my eyes and I feel like
it's fine to do this if it's under eye
that's not where my spots are so it's
going to step back under here my makeup
artist uses this automate app shoot and
every time she uses that I'm like oh I
need to order that so I ordered it it's
really great now I'm going to do a
little bit of lasting perfection
concealer I do definitely feel like when
my skin is a bit more problematic I take
a bit more time to make sure the base is
perfect before doing anything else on
top you can't build a house without the
foundations and you can't do your makeup
without a good foundation
okay well I'm well and truly concealed
conceal don't feel I am using the Make
Up For Ever Ultra HD micro finishing is
powder I don't want too much best
because I feel like when my skin fat if
I like to feel kind of jewy you know
whoa whoa it's like going everywhere
this is the Real Techniques point X X X
L practice it's the softest brush I have
ever felt and I love it I feel like the
most important areas are the ones where
you know your makeups going to come off
first so for me again it's my trusty
chin me and my chin need to learn how to
get along I think cuz this ain't working
there we go okay so we're powdered next
thing I tend to do is my contour so this
is my favourite Anastasia Beverly Hills
contour palette and one I like use is
this one in the middle it's kind of like
a good in-between shade from the other
two and I'm going to use this brush
which is a sigma soft blend concealer
brush which I use for contour
what would you do for assistive art and
then you're good I like this book then
you want to blend it
this is much real of a chiseled
cheekbones
it's much better blended and hot
blenders I'm going to do a bit of
bronzer I'm going to use this one which
is the Marc Jacobs I'm going to get
what's called Marc Jacobs tantrik 102
which is like my favorite matte bronzer
right now still love it and I'm going to
swirl my big XXL brush in it give it a
bit of a shake because there's a lot
product on there and then I'm just going
to sweep here what did I decide for
blush at all yes I'm going to use this
which is the hourglass incandescent
electric lighting blush and I am using
my Charlotte Tilbury powder and sculpt
brush I'm just gonna pop a bit of that
on there give it a double
and pop some of that on the tip of my
cheeks and bring it up now because this
already sort of has highlight in it I
don't feel like I need to do much more
with the highlight but I am going to
just add a tiny bit because this
highlights really beautiful and it is a
becker moonstone highlight note this is
opal and I'm going to pop a little bit
of that in there tap it off oh look at
if you're a little bit scared of putting
highlighter over any spots you've
covered or like bumps or anything
because sometimes the highlighter can
like accentuate it then I would just
skip that part by with you I was certain
for certain I certainly wouldn't be
putting highlight on my chin which is
where my problem area tends to be anyway
so my cheeks for me are fine to put
highlight on too but I know that some
people can get a bit scared of highlight
when it's over bumps that they've got
because it does sort of accentuate it
but you know what
I just think highlights pretty
nonetheless what else do I need to do
here I wanted to keep my eyes fairly
simple so I'm going to use the Charlotte
Tilbury color chameleon bronze garnet
pencil I love these pencils so much if
you want to do very quick easy eyes you
need these pencils they are fast so I'm
just going to draw that on my eyelid and
it doesn't matter if it looks terrifying
now because they always find when you
blended it Wow
I'm going to do a tiny bit underneath
do you actually mind if I messed up like
this to 1/7 brush I am now going to
blend this a lot
now I'm going to do my eyebrows because
I always feel like your eyes look crazy
without having done your brows and your
brows with crazy without having done
your eyes I'm going to do it halfway
before being finished with my eyes I'm
using the new lip shape and define kit
which actually comes with tiny tweezers
and a tiny little brow comb which is
quite cute and I'm also using my Mac 266
angled brush and I'm going to just dip a
little bit in all of them this is
actually a wax so I might do the powder
bust and they're definitely works on top
but my brow color is somewhere between
these two so I just have dip it in both
and then I'm just lightly filling in any
of the really like obvious brow gaps
that I have because even though I've
been trying to grow my brow for like two
years now they always like to grow down
here but never where I need them to grow
it isn't that just the eyebrow away one
brow done
okay there we go and then I have this
really cute little Delilah brow shape
defining brow gel which I just want to
run through just a nice day in the right
place back to my eyes okay I'm just
going to add a little bit of definition
to the overall light shadowing so I'm
just going to put a slightly lighter
color in the inner corner and that color
is going to be this one which is called
a Vermeer like a very light kind of
pinky color and when the rocks on going
to just use the same brush and I'm just
going to blend tiny bit about just to
give a bit of light to the inner corner
well though that actually does make a
huge difference and I'm gonna just use
this dark brown matte shade just to
blend in the crease and there we go now
I'm going to do my fealty summit now I'm
going to do my liquid liner this is the
Stila stay all day waterproof liquid
liner and a lot of it
I always start this in the middle and go
out done this ones away so I can't talk
when I do it
here we've got one going up higher than
the other but I don't care good I ain't
doing that again mascara time like my
favorite time I am using my fav
Maybelline lash sensational because I
love it look at the difference creepy
there we go
mascara all done and I'm just going to
put a little bit about on my bottom
lashes as well there we go
now all that's left is to do a lip now I
am trying up whether or not to go for
the Kylie Jenner velvet liquid lipstick
in the colour charm or my stealer liquid
lipstick in the colour Angelo admittedly
they're both exactly the same but I
still can't define let's go for a
Coachella shall we hmm no it's that's to
oranjee not feeling that way because I
changed my mind I'm now going to put
this on top which is Aquarius to which I
have to say is not so dissimilar but
less like peachy pinky I think this is
the lip color I have been up there with
hmm I was going to do a gloss but I
actually don't think I want to do a
gloss I think I'm happy with it just
like there so take my funny little hair
bubble out sort my hair out so there you
go that is the finished look this is my
makeup when I'm having a problem skin
day I really hope you guys enjoyed this
give it a thumbs up if you did even if
it just reassured you that you're not
the only one who will have bad skin days
and when they strike this is how I deal
with it and I will see you again very
very soon ah
