right hi guys hey that's with me what a
wonderful kind of day
when you can led to a campaign and get
along with each other
listen to your heart listen to the beat
listen to the rhythm the rhythm of the
street open up your eyes open up your
head you can't let make things better by
working together it's a simple message
and it comes from the heart
millions as the places that I said hey
hey a wonderful kind of day
hey when you start to work and play and
get along with each other ok weather
hello everybody I'm here today with
Louise enthusiastic waver and L of a
thrifty millou I'm who does an amazing
blog if you've not already seen it cuz
you've not been on my channel before
know me she writes a blog about all
things thrifty and lots of different
anything that's basically going to
affect your life that you can get cheap
so you're on the cheap anything really
we should all be more like this I feel
yeah I think you should searching on
your spending habits yeah we're here at
her house today and because you know we
like her a lot we have the hi I'm Amanda
and in this video today we're going to
talk about our Beauty handbag essentials
through the things we keep our handbags
of the Beauty nature this is like you
know if you were going on a nice
shopping day with your friends or
something and out for a meal yeah yeah
yeah not just a lip balm and breath mint
no frozen my right thigh that's very
about chewing good know if you're not
off to a teat are my breath that's too
much
yes what4s mokuba look in your bag
Louise well this is my little bag I like
it because it's see-through so I can
always be like Oh where's such-and-such
and should I go through the whole thing
quite quickly oh yeah I won't - I can
try and hold it up as close as you can
be quite far away I do I'm sure
and these two go together this is a
matte lip liner in cherry and then the
NARS lip gloss in terms of red color it
says I don't know normally I also keep
this as some kit this is from
fashionista it's very affordable you'd
like it to light like that and it's got
three colors one gel a little double
ended brush which is actually really
good and some tweezers so perfect for
any eyebrow trip trips and a nice mirror
- my all-time favorite Mac mineral skin
finish in soft and gentle for lovely
highlight which I apply with one of our
brushes from the mineral kicked also a
Mac bronzing powder in golden just so
you have this yeah it's just moment it's
got a little mirror as well which is
very handy and I just use the same brush
for that the Make Up For Ever full cover
aluminum f5 it's but I couldn't my
industrial group feel like it's running
low it is I need to me one eyeliner
because liquid line on the go is a bit
tricky I take a Kohl pencil and that is
getting really short now Topshop it's in
the coal as in like lump I rate these
highly and I have to sit inhibitors
easily in there it's a browser and it's
got a bit of you browse that but this
kit that I have here already has like a
little gel so that's just floating
around if I want to do pink lips I've
got a lip butter because your lip liner
and it's just really easy and this is a
pretty color let's lose its lollipop
mascara that one is just wise I'll shock
you can always have to be that one just
a no SCARA and I always have my
illamasqua pure pigment in beguiles it's
just a nice glittery shade that you can
plant on it with your finger and it just
gives you like a nice eye look and I've
got a couple of other little eye brushes
sum-sum bubble-bubbles that pilot one is
actually baby get it open
so you basically take like makeup face
it then yeah I just like touch-ups
because I presumably I've gone for a
night out I presume I would fight yeah
if I makeup at home and he's just like
oh my mascara looks a bit something or
like my eyeshadow needs a touch-up I
don't think I would use all of these on
the day but I like to have them just in
case like one area of my face needs a
bit of help
yeah hey my little silver makeup bag is
here I actually run another bag in there
for like tablets and things that's
pretty board organizer yeah yeah and
then this is just like my beauty bits in
this one some tissues cuz you never know
when you're gonna have cold or flu and
have a running tap nose so I find those
quite useful
I have hand cream this is Burt's Bees
honey and grapes a grape seed oil hand
cream I rate this highly I really like
that and I actually have Louise's fix me
purse when she left my handbag by not
always including is bright purple since
I last saw you I thought I'd include it
because I think that's quite a nice
little like additive like it's a little
handbag size so in my way I don't use it
that often Kim in that dinky sizes um ya
know Wyatt at 70 pounds I'm just
freaking you know what do you use it on
the go no are you gonna notice you had
it right back it back in then I'm I to
have a bubble because you know you need
to go have got hair my head have a a
quaker oats oats a simple morning go
through because what if you're like on
the trainer on the bus and you get it
peckish
well this isn't really a beauty
essentials but you know it's in there
anyway ah there you can put boats on
your face to face I think people on the
train might look at you a bit odd if you
did that I think you out a note sparse
like such smearing I don't know I go on
a train for my chest Liverpool a lot and
the things I see on the train with Paola
okay yeah and I also have a hand
sanitizer because oh yeah you clean it
up and also if you're touching up your
makeup after you like been touching the
tube and there's you're going to be like
spreading germs all over your face I
have the lipstick that I have one now in
there which is rushing red by Mac keep
that there for lipstick touch-ups I also
have quite a fair few lip balms don't
know why I have so many I have the YSL
lip balm which is the veloute sheer
candy lip butter do like the smell oh
yes this smells like watermelons it's
lovely I also have a blistex relief
cream which is more sort of like
medically I suppose it's not a very
pretty thing to apply there's more like
for severe dry lips I suppose and I also
have a mint Carmex in there for a bit of
added variety I'm at me about oh I would
say a nice doll Barbie Oh another thing
which I like to keep them within my
Beauty handbag thing are tiny lil
perfume samples that come in a little
vial things because you get given them
all the times like little samples and
things and you just never use I don't
ever use them anyway I row them in like
my drawers and forget about them
completely so I keep these in my handbag
for like little touch-ups through the
day that's a very good sign I actually
can't around a full bottle of perfume
with me most of time you know yeah yeah
I just think I've learnt some free
huggies for me yeah because now I won't
bother odd I've got so many of those I
don't know why I had this thought though
you don't really ever end up trying them
really do you just throw them and then
when you're sort of like going around
your day and you're like oh I'll just
have a little spritz you spray it on and
then you're like well I actually really
like that perfume I know you and I know
yeah yeah good way to use it up and then
you end up smelling nice tombs from
Asprilla doll no then I just have some
grips like no boring little grips and a
little mirror from the go nurse and
that's my little beauty bag I've got a
fairly big bag but I'm usually folded
down like that and I have breath men
and some tissue there polka dot very
handy I have to use wanted aid in high
heels because they wouldn't give you one
in self just funding and some wipes for
your hands which are what the work hair
X carrots book wet wipes some
paracetamol because I get headaches and
someone always has a headache and and
then they're just handing to I do have
those been a separate other bag a
separate medic I'm magic bag and then
I've got some powder and this is
bourgeois and just their regular pressed
powder in vanilla
I don't wait take much makeup out with
me really I don't take much Elsa stars
like hey your visit
I feel really bad now but I was the baby
bag that have got like creams and
potions and low points and things that
he got enough to crap around really yes
and then I take a pallet with me because
these sleek ones tend to have a really
big mirror this one's really hard to get
open and they have like loads of shadow
thing they got 12 so you can update me
on the go if you're out all day that
when you can just sort of change a look
on that was oh so special one and this
is the Maybelline Dream Lumi touch
concealer which some of the little brush
concealers but if you one's minds have
gone a bit funny but um yeah it's really
good here out all day sore look a bit
tired yeah I love it like look really
bright instantly and Revlon just bitten
kissable lip stain or whatever they call
just bitten kissable balm stain and this
one is in lovesick
it's so good I hate the smell of it I'm
not too far I learned that smell it's
really mentally and it goes once it's on
your lips and then really moisturizing
and then I've got collection mm
what if the bees even cook the name
always lasting flat appreciations they
look a bit of a cult product on there
yeah and it's really cheap and it does
everything I needed to do Max Factor's
calorie mm mascara because been buying
it forever and it's just really really
really really ridiculing up Authority I
always have max paint a paint pop just
because if I am going out for day and I
need to strip something off and start
again but I know that it's just going to
give me a really reliable base and then
I have a lip balm this is just an anyway
Love Hurts one smells kind of slowly
minty it smells like tic tacs before the
mid comes through the tic-tac yeah yes
the sugary mess of it yeah right
precise yeah yeah I've never had anyone
be super sizing I think before like a
hound dog and then I have these
absorbing sheep wow they're really
really really good there by Kleenex and
just like touch your face like that with
it crisp and it just takes any shine out
but I got one it on my chin yeah and
that's it but for a very dirty inside
and bigger bag okay so I hope you
enjoyed that little insight into all the
things that we carry in our handbags
beauty wise I found that quite
interesting I learned anything yes I
actually did I want to try your sweaty
sheets and I want to use my perfume so
for small yeah I'm definitely going to
do that's a great idea
and also we have filmed a video over on
Thrifty's channel slick we thrifty
forever
thrifty channel so you can click her
face now you can go and watch that we
also filmed a video over on Louise's
channel so if you just click Louise's
lovely face it will take you to that as
well so yeah I hope you enjoyed that and
I will see you soon
oh right
get on the floor plugged inside some
wood and touch the sky
