oh hey welcome back to my channel why
were welcoming you why well why I'm
coming you back when you clicked on the
video and you've not been anywhere I'm
not been anywhere and it's like what I
am going to do my or ggest favorites for
you today
and I don't have too many although you
know substantial amount normal I don't
really know what's too much and what's
not enough so I'm just going to get
straight into it because my entries are
always far too long and boring the first
product that I've been loving this month
is an Essie nail polish and I have it on
now and it's called bikini so teeny and
it's a lilac e pastel blue with silver
shimmers I wouldn't say they're glitters
really although yeah I would say silver
shimmers running through it and it's
just such a nice color for the remainder
of the summer that we have normally I'm
not a massive fan of Essie polishes
because I find they don't last very long
on my nails but this actually dries
super quick and has lasted really well
on me so I don't know if it's because
it's a new formula or I don't know but
I'm enjoying it nonetheless next product
I have been liking is as you can see
ivory embed my hair which means I have
dyed the ends blonde which also means um
it's quite bad for my hair because
obviously I have bleached it and bleach
is not really ideal so when I was in
Boots with Louise a few weeks ago I came
across this shampoo when I was in the
salon and I had this done that after I
had it shampooed and conditioned she
used a purple toner on my hair and I
think typically you use the purple toner
to remove the sort of orangey tones of
the blonde of the blonde hair and it got
me thinking
I have never seen a purples of hair
shampoo toner for blonde hair in a
drugstore ever and I did actually find
the least a third one and it's called
bleached blonde shampoo and it says with
pro blonde complex for bleached or
partly bleached highlights or bleached
hair then it says knocks out brassy
canary yellow tones and it is literally
bright purple it looks so scary
when you I don't even know if you can it
looks like paint this looks like a
critic paint it says that you shouldn't
really use this more than once a week
I'm pretty sure it says that so it's
alternating it with different shampoos
and it says using this shampoo once a
week is normally enough to banish
brassiness and prevent over toning I use
this twice a week at the moment I have
really enjoyed it so far I notice
actually quite a difference when I use
this over like any other normal shampoo
and it does knock out brassy tones and
it does make my hair look a lot more
blonder if you've seen any of my
Instagram pictures or any pictures from
summer in the city I had used it before
then and when I look back on the
pictures I think whoa my blonde looks
really blonde like right now I don't
think it looks too blonde apart from
that the very ends if you have blonde
hair or bleached hair or if you've got
your whole head of hair highlighted or
if you have just ariane braids your hair
then i would suggest having like a look
at this or try this out or even if you
know of any other toning shampoos that
you can recommend me then do let me know
and i'm actually going to do a separate
video all about how i care for my ombre
hair umm so expect that within like the
next few weeks or so the next product is
another hair product which i bought at
the same time and it is the Toni & Guy
casual sea salt texturizing spray for
texture and body one thing that I do a
lot more of when my hair is ombre is
curl it more and leave it kind of like
this I guess and that's because I feel
like the blonde adds more texture and
when I curl my hair before I had had
blonde put in it I always just felt like
kind of looked a bit kind of boring I
guess but I really do like my hair curly
and I tend to curl it more when I feel
like it looks better with more texture I
don't really know I don't have any
specific logic behind it I just think my
hair looks nicer curled when it has
blonde in it I tend to curl it and then
let it drop because I'm I don't really
like big bouncy massive tight ring
little curls I like when they like I run
my fingers through them I try and
separate them as much as I can maybe let
them drop quite a bit before I put any
hairspray in them and then I've been
spraying this into it and uhm sea salt
spray is known for kind of giving your
hair that kind of beachy messy kind of
scrunched look I suppose and that is
what I've been using in it and I really
like it I only bought the small bottle
because I didn't want to pay like more
money for the big one if I didn't like
it so I picked up the smaller one but I
think I will be repurchasing with big
one of this because I did really like it
it smells really nice and it wasn't even
that expensive I don't think I can tree
remember sorry the next thing I'm
blaming entirely on Louise because she
raves about this product an awful lot in
fact I would probably go as far to say
it's probably her favourite Mac product
it is the Mac mineralize skinfinish in
soft and gentle I spent so long not
buying this because I knew that I would
end up loving it just as much as Louise
loved it and I was like no Zoe you've
got enough highlighters as it is get
through those you can go without soft
and gentle because you know there's a
lot of other things like it no this is
just amazing I already love mineralized
skinfinish --is because I just think
they're beautiful to look at and to put
on your face and this one is absolutely
no exception it's just so pretty it just
makes your skin look glowing healthy and
in photographs it looks amazing too
because it picks up really nicely with
the flash and everything so really
really like that thanks Louise thanks
for getting me addicted to it damn you
okay the next product is very similar to
a product I had in my last favorites
and you may have seen this which is the
second gory sugar crash body scrub which
I am you know running kind of low on now
actually and and also at the same time I
bought that I also bought this one which
is the soap and glory breakfast scrub
but because I had been so into this 100
god I dropped it I had kind of neglected
this one and the other night I started
using this and I also loved this one a
hell of a lot this one smells like maple
syrup and in all honesty I just want to
eat it it smells amazing
the smell is quite sickly if you don't
like really sweet sugary smells you
might not like this but I really really
like using this one at night before bed
because it makes my skin feel a lot more
moisturized than the sugar crush one
whereas the sugar crush one I think is
really quite refreshing so it's quite
nice to use in the morning
this one has oak shea butter and sugar
and organic couple cou kapelput Curt bio
scrubs bananas almond I'm honey extract
just go into boots and sniff both the
scrubs like a weirdo okay this next one
I have had for quite a while and I
hadn't properly used it because it was
just one of those kind of steps in my
skincare where I missed it out because I
felt a bit lazy and it's the quarterly
SOS thirst-quenching serum now this came
in a glossy box and everyone sort of
went a bit wild for it and I just
thought I'll give it a go in a bit maybe
and then I just completely forgot about
it but it's the bottom of my drawer and
then the other week I got out and I
started using this every day before my
moisturizer and I can completely see why
people became so obsessed with this and
used it and repurchase they're like 30
plus something pound bottle because it's
so nice when you put this on it kind of
just completely disappears into your
skin but makes your skin actually feel
thirst quite
if that makes any sense like most
rehydrating creams and serums you kind
of assume that they're going to be quite
thick because in your mind you're
thinking it needs to be really hydrating
in order to kind of reverse the
hydration so many dehydration hydration
hydration dehydration oh my gosh are you
confused as me yes I think so but this
is really thin if kind of feels like
watery milk
it looks like watery milk and you just
smooth it over it instantly sinks into
your skin and it leaves your skin
feeling and looking much more refreshed
and plump I find I've just really
enjoyed using it I've not seen any you
know drastic results with it but I can
see how it becomes addicting and you
want to put this on every morning
because it makes your skin feel nicer
and I also think it makes your
moisturizer sink in a little better as
well okay the last product is the
infamous alpha H liquid gold which again
everyone has been raving about am I too
jumped on the bandwagon bought it to see
what all the fuss was about and now I
absolutely love it multi-action formula
with silk proteins and licorice extract
to refine and firm the skin it's
essentially a glycolic acid the thought
of putting glycolic acid on your face is
kind of daunting a little bit scary you
literally before bed wash your face
strip everything off pour this onto a
cotton pad wipe the cotton pad around
your face obviously avoiding your eyes
because that could be terrible and then
you wake up the next morning and your
skin looks and feels so much better and
they recommend you use this every other
night because it is so strong it's
basically a chemical exfoliant
exfoliates your skin with the glycolic
acid and then you obviously wash your
face in the morning and I look forward
to nights where I use this because I
know I'll wake up the next day and my
skin will look marginally better than it
did the morning before where I didn't
use this and I can totally see how
people get addicted to using this and
repurchase the bottle over over again I
heard about this from Ruth
recommends who's always going on about
how amazing it is and thanks Ruth
because yes it is amazing although it
kind of seems expensive it's I think
it's 31 pound 50 I'm not too sure I'm
just checking it is totally worth the
money and it's worth checking out if you
either suffer from acne or blemishes or
it's great for anti-aging as well I've
heard although I'm not sure about that
on my face because I'm not aged all that
much yet the result of this is that my
skin looks brighter smoother it
diminishes and any blemishes that I have
I think it's preventing spots as well
because mostly around that certain time
of the month I get quite bad breakout
round here and I've not actually had
that since I've been using this I'm
gonna say that it's this because I
haven't really changed anything else all
that much so I think it helps prevent
spots too and also any blemishes that I
previously had because I get quite bad
like spot scarring has definitely
definitely improved since I've been
using this and one random thing that I'm
just going to pop on the end of this
video which isn't actually something
that I've really been loving is
something that I absolutely hated I had
a really horrible cold flush flu thing
which you may have noticed in my
previous video because I did sound and
look a little weird and I bought these
tablets called lemsip Mac's all-in-one
cold and flu tablets now I'm not
advertising medicines because that's
kind of weird and and I'm sure that
these would have been an exceptionally
great job at helping me to get better I
just want to show you one thing which
put me off these entirely look freaking
size of this tablet now this doesn't
look all that big to you but let me just
compare it to my fingernail this tablets
huge I don't have a problem with
following tablets normally you know you
just chuck it in swallow it's fine and I
wouldn't say that I have an abnormally
small esophagus but these just got
wedged
in my throat in fact I took one of these
and it made me gag that's not making me
better no no if you have a large
esophagus these might be great for you
if you don't or you know you have a
normal-sized good luck trying to swallow
those good luck but yeah that is
everything that I have been loving and
one thing that I didn't really get along
with - well I hope you enjoyed the video
and I will see you all very soon goodbye
why can't I start the video what's wrong
with me just need to do my thumbnail
bitch never film here again this is my
sad angry face I wasn't seeing
baby baby baby baby
mm-hmm not me like middle I bye
why can I not film videos anymore I'm
not exaggerating shoot filming enjoy the
rest of my filming I should say
others a shooting good feelings it's a
nice over let's start that again
then shall we mm-hmm what do I sit here
or do I sit here where do I sit just
don't know so much what I hear my
brother's pressing his face up against
the patio doors like a creep and he's
just staring at me
laughing at me he's pulling faces vacate
texturizing texturizing right can't talk
today what's wrong with me everything
it's gonna be a failover video you can
tell already you can still watch this
video why
