hi I'm here today with Alfie of
pointlessblog he has a spiffing channel
spiffing channel tell them what you do
speak to a camera occasionally once a
week yeah like everyone else on YouTube
yeah he does really funny videos you
should go and subscribe to him he's cool
you're all right I'm all right I don't
actually have mouth rabies this is just
ask up did you just say I do have mono
uh-huh we're gonna do video today where
alfie is going to do my makeup I'm so
good at makeup I'm quite makeup expert
yeah I know what all of it you have a
sister so you have no excuse that
doesn't mean I don't do my sisters make
you've probably seen her doing her
makeup thinking what are you doing to
yourself and I'm jacking this you make
on this good pop laid out a nice
selection of makeup and brush I know the
Mike Mac yeah there we go it's a good
start is it one of your favorites yeah I
use it quite a lot right popular brand
of mine that I use yeah I'm scared right
what are you gonna go for first what
kind of look do you want you're like a
gun clubbing look a casual look with the
selection of friends and family yeah
it's like a birthday celebration oh cool
so quite dressed up yeah quite dressy
yeah I'm good at that look around a
couple of times from people first we're
just gonna help with some of the
flawless cream foundation okay SPF 15
guys that means yeah that was like so
you don't get skin disease from the Sun
that I don't know what brush I'm going
to use I'm gonna go for this one okay
gonna go for this brush that's not funny
no no yeah you obviously just use the
wrong brushes okay let's get him out you
in that's a good amount you need to
cover up your skin
don't laugh of what if you laugh and it
looks bad than this your father yeah
yeah that's fine okay just put your hair
into it I love you got a razor start
your face
just making me look like I have facial
hair I see why are you doing with neck
because you don't want some girls when
the guard they have this line along here
boys can pick up on it trust me that's
one thing that you don't want oh yeah
she's got you in the eye that's fine if
you get it on the eyeball they're not
good massage the eyebrow with it and
just fall around the eyebrow and now if
it's good that's someone techniques I
learned the guy called Jean Horton is
they a some famous maker Yui no makeup
guy around should do one eyeful of that
one of when you had the opposite way
getting natural look rugged do you think
I look it okay nice but my put the base
on yeah put the base of the flawless on
you do look flawless right now Thanks
we're gonna go for some of the sheer
glow foundation you want to put okay
yeah you look fit moron yeah it's gonna
use one of these little ones cuz it fits
perfectly and that's it's just easier to
do even sooner
I feel like you're painting a
masterpiece on my face
that's one cheek done you need the other
one oh your brush is getting a bit
damaged besides if you're following
along to make sure go for the circles
there we go and that's done now your
cheeks are smooth out handy they kind of
glow sheerly you done usually go for one
of these what's that it's called an
action okay Wow did not expect it to be
that on the end what were you thinking
it was gonna be wasn't quite sure yeah
we're not gonna go for that one just yet
think that was a lip gloss but I know
that was your man why would anybody
write or go for this Wow
oh maybe not well that's gonna be a
brush usually you can work the contours
with these to really get the shape but
what
diagnosed he is actually really good for
the eyes if you just close your eye what
was the size of your eye are perfect
that looked all right okay all right I
like the technique you've got there miss
it it's not really brushing it's more
stopping and twisting that's what I go
for that's that is what I think works
best this one we're going to use for the
contours just massage the face with it I
actually can't see what I look like
genuinely so you can't see what I'm
doing it's gonna be a nice surprise for
me
maybe just go for a little soften up
just use this one just like smooth
enough what's that brush called do you
know it's called a yellow smoother brush
smoother brush yeah
Paes that's really nice actually sell a
green one of these on our shop if you
want to go buy one later look at myself
they're really good next round for the
HD brows at this point it would be good
if you did click down below into the 720
or 1080p of this video because you won't
see the full effect unless you do that
because this it's the HD bro yeah I
think I'm damaging your makeup I'm so
excited right now
whoa I just have a feeling on it
beautiful wouldn't say
did you just flick the end of my eyebrow
no are you sure yeah okay that's
eyebrows nearly done would you need to
touch my eyebrows up a little bit more
with this are you sure yeah okay
wow that's clear just touch your eyes up
a little here yeah it's nice
then the glitter effect did you actually
know what is yeah
why blue don't have to open this yeah I
didn't wanna use that one anyway
pleasure
yeah thank you what are you doing
besides some girls careful none of these
useful you see yeah I didn't work but
we'll leave it there anyway smile really
big and close your eyes now open your
mouth it's already big thank you for the
pirate look black fights have a deef
mission I've never worked in a yeah yep
scum off he lied to me along they need
to open your eyes for eyeliner yeah if I
do an eyeball it doesn't matter
oh my god
yes well nice oh okay
you didn't want to use a lipstick man no
he's after yes that's good
so tastes good mm-hmm tastes delicious
it's now going to use wow that's a big
blob on the end literally as big as your
eye mm-hmm just carry on blinking for
like 10 minutes or something I'm just
gonna go up and down okay you say yeah
that's good and use one of these gently
roll in there I'll let you see what
we're doing just roll in yeah just blink
gently for me
oh yeah it's a nice new technique you
got there and if it's taking that few of
your eyelashes that doesn't matter
either I'm from Brighton so I'm gonna go
bright and rock in the mistake that some
people make is that they put the
lipstick all up to the top and then
paint on and it just snaps it so I like
some people usually go for around there
I just go for like this I don't even
think it's going on you push it down wax
me yeah we could just rub your lips
together that is sleek palette yeah
that's a sleep palette we're gonna go
for this with the eyes and maybe a tiny
bit in the nose when I'm not too sure
all right so as you can see that we've
gone we put the purple layer on there
but then on the top we're gonna flip the
brush around and use a blue side Wow
how artistic off you miss it
that doesn't mean ice thanks we've
makeup some people like get scared of
what people are gonna think I I'd say
it's like adventure go big or go home
you can even just stay at home not do
your makeup or you can go out and look
in the bomb like this can you feel my
eyeball yeah yeah really well I'm
probably behind in you yeah oh you need
a nose piercing
all right does it look cool yeah that's
quite good and they buy it
yeah yeah I believe in it I think I
think I might just be done then we look
down on our selection what we've got
left and this is the last thing that
we've done you just close her mouth for
me oh my god it's more like the coloring
in poisonous we just go around the edge
of the lipstick so overall look guys I
have gone for the eyebrows have made
them a bit long in a bit bolder just
because why not that that's what I like
any go and I just thought why not do the
eyes I went for first layer of some like
bruising yeah I tried to make out I'd
make like an earth you look like she
just been thrown on the floor and then
gone over with this side has kind of
gone for the hipster the hipster tumblr
mystical sky look when his eye glittery
purpley blue look on that one but then
of contrasted it with the the white blue
ocean sea look on the other eye
normally people don't put them together
but go for a wine stylist yeah I just
just go big or go home
yeah I'm for the little tail down here
have a tail yeah you okay on a scale of
one to ten how like how much better
doing it now before you probably like if
I saw in the street and a boy asked me
to write you a ten I probably say like a
two and right now Galia a 9.5
oh my is that what you expected like it
do you know I think I look a bit like
more you know the child capture yeah I
think I look a bit like him I especially
like the eyebrow see I think this slide
looks a bit kind of like magician II
thanks so much Alfie you ready to go now
for birthday meal with your family slash
friend yeah mmhmm yeah yeah this is
lovely
you like this side of my face it's sad
and this side of my face
Oh everything so bad okay if you enjoyed
this amazing look and you think I look
great what you do and if you think that
it was really mean of Alfie to make me
look like this I have also done Alfie's
makeup and made him look like a pretty
female so if you want no pretty if you
want to go and watch that there will be
an annotation at the end of this video
and you have to go click it and go watch
it and go and subscribe to Alfie because
I mean look look how great I look look
what I did
good bye bye
just Gavin it looks real thank you
familiar with this brand of it yeah why
is that because I just hope you know my
body my body here my body yeah I do
actually think I have a blemish on my
neck just in case anyway I think good
the love by its really not it was like
that would have been the love by like
this big awful right
the other one gets love personal pigeons
was liquid eyeliner not very good
opening makeup products are these
numbers out I have been thinking about
your videos that they are you're
thinking about my videos sometimes you
just need to experiment into let
yourself go no I can't I can't find the
video now can't go in the video okay
okay let's go now do a fish face for me
love it
I'm good this way God doing them
laughing okay
