hi nice to see you I am going to do a
monthly favorites video I do one in the
past two months because well I forgot
and also I didn't really have enough
favourites in May or June to warrant
doing a whole video so now I have kind
of like three months of like little bits
of favorites so I thought I would share
those with you now instead so the first
thing I've been absolutely loving these
past three months is the Tosh ooh
missile air a purifying and revitalizing
makeup remover this was in my empties
video because I had a smaller bottle and
because I loved it so much I repurchased
the large bottle this is 500 milliliters
so this is going to last me a hell of a
long time basically I use this in the
evenings to remove my makeup before I
cleanse so I just use this take all my
makeup off and then go ahead and use the
lizard cleanse and polish to like
thoroughly cleanse my skin basically I
just absolutely love this it smells oh
it smells amazing just love it it's like
refresh it doesn't smell too natural or
to organic ewwww it's like if any of you
have smelt the quarterly beauty elixir
it smells nothing like that it smells a
lot lighter and a lot fresher which is
why I prefer to use something a lot less
heavily scented on my skin and yeah I
just really really like it it removes
everything waterproof mascara you
actually just soak this on a cotton pad
place it on your eyes sweep everything
off and it's gone and it also leaves
your skin feeling really really nice as
well so yeah I would highly recommend
this I did a blog post on this if you
want to read more information on it and
there's also a link to where you can buy
it from so I'll leave the blogpost for
that below another thing that I have
been loving for my skin is the origins
super spot remover which is a blemish
treatment gel now this bottle may look
really tiny to you but this has lasted
me so long I use this all the time
I'm barely like even I'm probably not
even a third of the way using this I've
just had like pretty bad hormonal
breakouts mostly on my chin but I've had
a few of my cheeks here around my nose
it's been kind of disgusting and I was
not a fan of it
this has really really helped the reason
that has no lid is because I was using
this in my bathroom and I went to put it
on my face and I dropped the lid and it
rolled underneath like our bathroom
cabinet and that and it's quite a deep
cabinet and it's also in like a cubby
hole which used to be a fireplace so you
have like this cabinet pushed in there
so right at the back of the cubby hole
is like loads and loads of cobwebs it's
basically like a no-go area because I'm
pretty sure it's just like the home of
about 50 gazillion million gazillion
Brazilian spiders it rolled under there
I was like oh my goodness please tell me
the lid did not go to the back of the
hell hole looked underneath cobwebs
spiders and the lid for this so the lid
will remain there forever now because
there is no way I'm sticking my hand
back there to get it
but yeah I literally just dab a little
bit of this on any spots or blemishes
like anywhere that you've had a spot and
it sort of left a bit of a red mark
because I get that really really bad and
it just has really helped so love that
also have a review of that I'll leave
that below as well I guess you could say
this is a skin item it's the mac fix+
now I have had this for a very very long
time and it's one of those things that I
sort of have in my drawers and think why
do I have that because I never use it
literally lip that's all I've used I
started using it and I love it it's
essentially like a makeup finishing
spray so once you've done all your
makeup you can spray this on and it sets
it but that's not really the reason I
like it because I don't find that my
makeup lasts any longer when I have this
but I find that it looks more sometimes
after you've applied your makeup
yourself and you think oh I'm having
like a bad makeup day and it just
doesn't look like it's sinking
and it doesn't look like my skin you put
this on I find that your skin like your
makeup looks more like it's your skin if
that makes any sense almost like you've
got your skin and the makeup but when
you use fix+ they come together like
lovers yeah I've been really enjoying
this it's really nice next thing is a
makeup item and I was also introduced to
this brand through was it Shirley box or
glossy box
I just don't know though the brand is um
Yves Rocher um and it's definitely a
brand I've never heard of before I'm
quite fussy with mascaras they have to
be bristle brushes not plastic brushes
because my eyelashes just don't get on
with plastic eyelash brushes basically
so this doesn't have a plastic um brush
um so initially I was like oh yeh it
doesn't have a plastic brush I might
actually like it then I pulled out and I
was like oh whoa holy Frick look at the
size of the brush head of this mascara I
find massive brush mascara is extremely
difficult to work with because well I
don't know I just find that when neither
sides of your eye you've got more chance
of getting it in your eye or up here or
down here I don't know they're just a
little bit more difficult to work with
so when I saw size it I was like great
I'm not going to like it
this however has a slightly different
shape um and it goes in in the middle
and then sort of fans out either end and
I just really really really really like
this it's called sexy pulp ultra Volume
Mascara and I completely agree the
volume that you can get on this is good
it's good I like this more than my
beloved number seven exquisite curl
mascara I'm like saying something
because I'm pretty sure I've repurchase
that mascara about eight or nine times I
loved it so much I went straight online
and ordered two full size ones in brown
and black because you never know when
you might need a
like variation of tint I feel like it
just grabs every single lash coats it
with just enough product but also it
doesn't look clumpy they look really
found out they look really voluminous
and they just look really curly like
everything that you would want in a
mascara this has it yeah I really like
this it was nice hey this next one is
not a specific item it's a number of
different items but it all comes into
the same category pretty much uh what's
going on here hmm
it is neon nails I have been loving
wearing neon nails now I'm not wearing
anything on my nails at the moment
because well I was just too lazy to
paint my nails before I made this video
so sorry about that but the colors I've
been really really loving are the models
own beach party which I have worn in a
few of my videos so if you want to scour
through if you're kind of bored or
anything um you'll see me wearing this
in a few of my videos that's probably
been my favorite kind of go to nail
polish I have also been loving this one
by pop and this is called just orange
and it's kind of a slightly darker shade
of orange it's more of a dark
fluorescent pinky orange I guess at
corally orange and I really really liked
this I think you can get pop nail
polishes on the Asus website and also I
bought this in the pixie store and
Carnaby Street so they have quite a nice
selection in there you American Apparel
nail polishes which have been one of my
favorites recently I really really like
those um yes they look kind of odd
because basically what happened is in
transit to Louise's house somehow these
two and beach party all collided
together in a massive fun and it smashed
everywhere so I now have like the
remains of beach parties like blood all
over these nice expensive American
Apparel ones so I need to kind of clean
that up somehow I mean this is how
dangerous this is even like a piece of
glass just like hanging on the end of
this one out
I hurt so I just have neon green and
neon yellow and I'm also been loving
these two I even prepared you a nail
wheel look how like professional I am
this one's pop this one's beach party
neon yellow neon green and this is a
glittery nail polish which I've also
been loving which is by American Apparel
and it's also covered in beach party and
it's called galaxy galaxy I think that's
all I can see because it's covered in
orange and and then just some variations
and third next up sticking with the
makeup II nail Beauty theme umm is the
Stila palette oh my goodness I love this
palette is called in the light and it
looks like this and then you flip it up
no mirror there but it does say believe
in the beauty of the future which is
very nice and it's basically lots and
lots of nude colors which as you know
are you know my favourites the only ones
I really use not very adventurous when
it comes to my eyes and you have ten
colors and you also get a smudge stick
waterproof eyeliner in brow which as you
know I mostly wear brown eyeliners
anyway so that was a massive like plus
point for me I just feel like you can
get quite a variation of different looks
with these I mean the only color that
I'm kind of eat iffy about is this one
but only because gray gray toned or blue
toned Gray's on my eyes look kind of
hideous so you have one two three four
matte colors and then six shimmery ones
I think yes yeah no yes
this whole palette cost 25 pounds and to
be honest with you I thought that is a
complete bargain because even this I
think is 14 pounds 14 or 16 pounds so
you're getting quite a bargain with all
of that and also the steal eyeshadows
are such good quality they're really
really creamy they're massively
massively pigmented and they're really
easy to work with as well so this is
just a complete win-win like I've been
using this pretty much constantly and I
love it
got proper swatches of this on my blog I
will leave the link below next keeping
with beauty and nails and things is the
bourgeois dissolvent manicure and
reading the French sight let's go
through the English side magic nail
polish remover well these things are
ballin ingenious I hate removing nail
brush I don't know why I think it's just
because I'm lazy like I would happy sit
there scraping off my nail polish when
really I could just get it off with a
cotton wool and nail polish remover but
I don't but now I have no excuse because
this thing is genius
you basically unscrew the lid and
there's a sponge inside with a hole
stick your finger in the hole there's no
way of me explaining this without some
people who may not be watching this
video may be listening to this just in
the background and think whoa whoa what
stick your finger in the hole give it a
twist twist it round in circles like
this and voila your nail polish is gone
very very clever very good says it takes
one second it doesn't that's a complete
lie
probably takes about four to five
seconds um depending on how many coats
of nail polish you have oh and and it
also smells really nice it says it
smells of red fruit and vanilla the only
downside of this is if you need to
remove like your toes you can't really
just doesn't work so although you're
kind of saving yourself the bother of
having to like buy cotton wool pads and
extra nail polish remover for your hands
you still need it for your feet anyway
so I mean if you're one of these people
that's lazy like me and you hate taking
off your nail polish or if you like to
change your nail polish all the time
definitely look into this the lovely
lovely Millie from pearls and poodles
who writes an amazing amazing blog and
she's just the nicest person ever sent
me this because I couldn't find it
anywhere
so she sent me that not was very nice
affair so thanks Millie and I loved it
yay I have two more things left are you
bored yet are you
I went boots quite a while ago and so
from Cory was on 350
you and I'm quite a massive fan of soap
and glory because their stuff smells
nice and is good they used to have a
scrub which was in a blue I had a blue
lid and I think it was called sugar
crush I don't know if this is still cool
oh it's still called the same thing okay
um and add a blue lid and it was my
favorite thing from soap and glory and I
repurchased it over and over and over
again because I went through the stuff
like water basically and and then all of
a sudden it was gone and then I realized
they still had it they just changed the
color of the lid and the complete
packaging so my sadness over the fact a
scrub had been removed from the Shelf
which is sad anyway um was only
short-lived because I realized they
still had it gosh darn it's called sugar
crush soap and glory and it says with
smashed brown sugar and sweet lime
almond oil and macadamia grains there is
not one thing I don't like about this
product look how gross it looks though
even if you don't use a scrub just buy
this for the smell just like just buy it
for the smell smell it all day every day
and then you'll thank me for it just
love it okay this last one is slightly
weird but I'm kind of backing this up
with the fact that my YouTube
demographic is mainly thirteen to
seventeen year old girls and that's a
very very massive percentage of you then
there's a teeny tiny love centage of
guys who may also find this interesting
um I know that you're probably all
thinking oh my god what is she going to
do is she going to whip out a tampon as
her monthly favorites no I'm not going
to about a temple don't worry um I am
though going to talk about a razor I was
one of these people that used disposable
razors on my legs and this is not good
because they're cheap and they're nasty
for a reason we all shave our legs
some people may get them you know
lays it or waxed that's cool if you do
shave your legs or you know if you don't
wax laser shave epilate and you like to
leave it to grow naturally that's also
cool that's fine everyone has their
different you know preferences um so
yeah I was in Boots and I was like only
to get some more razors for my legs and
I was like why do I keep spending money
on crappy disposable razors when I could
spend a little bit more money and get a
nice one um so they have these venous
breezes and I Gillette ones venous okay
there's no head on this because I will
show you the head in a minute um and
it's pink which is you know nice and
it's grippy you buy the cartridges to
stick on the end separately so I'm going
to show you now and I'm going to stick
one on there you get them in little
packs like this and you peel this back
this is also exciting this is an easy
okay we're in and it looks like that and
they're basically what makes them so
cool is they have like moisturizing
strips either side and they smell really
really nice but you actually pop it on
the end and you're good to go and these
this has changed my legs like honestly
I've noticed such a difference in the
skin on my legs than I did before like I
didn't really care too much for my legs
I just like get the hair off get the
hair off I was so weird like why am i
sat here telling you about shaving my
legs like yeah this is a nice razor I
like it I've got a razor in my
favourites what one other favorite I'm
gonna mention is a youtuber who isn't a
beauty youtuber and she's not a blogger
um but she is a singer and I've
literally been watching her videos
non-stop because I absolutely love her
voice she is amazing but she's called
Becky CJ and I will leave her link in
the downbar I want you to all go and
subscribe to her she creates these songs
and I'm like I need that on my computer
and on my phone too
listen to because she's that good she is
actually releasing an EP in a couple of
weeks and I can't wait for her to do
that because I'm going to buy it yeah go
and say hi to Becky and subscribe to her
and listen to her amazing voice and her
amazing songs that she writes herself
and yeah I just thought I would share
that with you I hope you've enjoyed this
kind of long rumbly monthly favourites
for three months worth of stuff um and
uh I've had my hairy ombred on braids
ombre ombre I had it done today in the
hairdresser's and by the gorgeous Gemma
and Lisa hello if you're watching thank
you for my fabulous hair and I love it
keep your eyes peeled for my giveaway
which I will be running very very soon I
almost have all the things that I want
to put in the makeup bags for you so
yeah I will see you very soon
goodbye so I thought I could share those
with you in Shaa I got them bad bad ah
just a Oh fine mist brush with a brush
brush brush brush and fun times and yes
great tablet I've been really been
really really been really really been
liking kind of safe safe safe having
first when the feather Fleur
I literally just want to scoop this out
and eat it I won't they don't worry this
on my legs and my arms because I get
quite dry skin on my arms and my legs so
that's why I like to use it on my arms
or my legs yeah rocket fire
oh you're doing I'll help you if you
smell my foot No
