currently at earth my Nana and granddad
50th wedding anniversary
we're just flocking so we blogging
because then I don't have to vlog granda
and Chiana 30 Express from London to
Weymouth or something and that was
called The Honeymooners train then
Louisa today honeymoon own fifty years
ago
ah but you know that and I don't and my
mummy I don't even know Joseph why are
you sat over there I'm somewhere in the
old special the old what yo its
furniture silver are you drinking
alcohol you crazy
steady on second one as well Oh mum
you've never been in one of my videos
properly no you've had the back of me in
premarket yeah we've got one of you
preaching hide in a car
oh yeah why don't you say hello primer
no I see pretty much sure you look so
funny does that's like that oh I'm gonna
start saying premark as if I morning the
vintage dress she's wearing a lovely
vintage dress it's nice I like it what
are we doing tomorrow night yeah excited
yeah Luisi excited to go to long late
yes I really want to get my face painted
like whiskers Jana will be a silver
because of her hair right I'm gonna be
cooler because I'm fat
somebody's gonna be timon pushes a
little and dark going to be a bum and
you can be the monkey ah no you always
be the musical inflate the girls
crossing so don't you get tired
no you got to be that long kinda like
that you could be something as though it
was like Jay would want to do that Joe
what to see that I've heard that before
FM for many a time have you - when we're
hoping to me a bug I won't believe in
monkey
we'd be more fossa buddy like this soon
mustard like lose it but I thought you
should definitely do that and we've got
a few little dance fish that you should
say that actually got a full collection
of Lion King costumed in a lot no you
both look at me like what you do to me
grandad come and say hello to YouTube is
my hat cuz I don't want to go all round
the world your hat looks perfect is that
the ricard hat yeah Ricard you like a
really - are you having a nice party and
super loudly yeah I shall carry on okay
goodbye hey everybody
I do woman I won't go up on the computer
and look at that you know yeah you will
actually in a few days this here is my
cousin James and this is his lovely
girlfriend Alicia my font coming over we
where it's at now we're doing a pool
table
oh the cool table now it's recognized
there 50 years ago today you need any
nanny as well he's not even aged a
second
oh you reckon no good there your invite
telegrams Oh people couldn't hurt me
like I did kisses there's crosses oh
yeah sorry
to be absent crosses hi Phil - Chuck
Berry Granville hotel or Ramos Gate Kent
equals burying and Plus you would never
know this is his name Barry Ann hello we
are far along with animals hello oh hi
close yes sorry Zoe until your eyes he
drives the road no me aunt Lyanna and
baby glaze here as well
she's tagging along with us she's a way
to talk we'll bring her along
I was gonna leave him on her own but not
having a snooze at the mode so she's
gonna miss the Safari thing all the mo
so far on safari we have seen a herd of
cows or what fat room there there it is
Joker's both fuck I can spot touch from
a model actually being mostly super
happy okay yeah we believe a family
aiming round funneling their natural
habitat we recording clothes here we
have a family of humans we are currently
waiting to go see the zephyros or 0z for
America it was of people in our way
so I'm saying so II so he drive go on
the grass and go right up to him wait
this shit off there's some giraffe is it
white with black stripes on black that's
traffic you really get brilliantly
nhadra yeah - of all the names he got
bored
Betty and Ralph are trained to those
Beatrice and Ralph all day how's that
bro
look at that arse
hello to our imagine Genet giraffe into
your car well and then plays head for
sunroof just drive it around I'm
imagining that there are babies we don't
know what these are but they look quite
cool if I Drive it through this way
might be able to say just like wow we're
gonna get a good shove it ease it has
like a funny like thing on its neck like
a pouch
look at his hair he has a genuine spiky
afro I can't get okay
zooming out now he has a mate somewhere
oh he did have I think he's gone
yeah - oh there it is where huh
he's made its majors thought sod this
I'm going alright warning this way no no
Carl's gonna get destroyed
I love disease okay
sorry that's too hard so he's he's good
oh he's good what what man is getting
out
Oh should I do that Yeah right I just
don't worry no so they let you do it
look in this dish you can scream with it
you know got out the cars monkeys James
Oh Oh a game you've salvaged the air
right now shut the door lock it windows
up let's go just in case god you're
living else are my brother gone I have
your breasts right yeah um you got
anything else
thanks a lot no no wheels did you like
them the wheels are we just like the
orders like a looking on show them one
yeah we just got all this rubbish down
here my drink
Zoe's food is your dream yes then right
we're going for the monkeys
prepares cards hang on the road evidence
just feeding my kid
I have no 5e8 are they gonna fight or
they have a stone together time oh he's
breaking into the car it's chewing the
aerial when absolutely vandal good job
we got it oh we got oh yeah eat you like
is it for oh oh oh - they get two and we
haven't even had one seems like they're
fighting bitter hey mate can I have some
no it's mine go find your own car okay
let's sit here then oh he's really nice
really tasty you jealous
yeah little bit third did a basically
they says this is Jumanji yeah every
window would be fine
hello hi mister oh we're good Oh smashes
we were good
you're like drop you're like shit out of
Eastern it's just trying to break this
guy's car it's good one feeble frame
people so you start to drive weird if
you're surrounded by day is it
surrounded there's everyone smoking pass
take my me he's on - bye be careful play
we stepping up a poop well let me tell
you it's curtain which is exactly finger
illness
the hall continually grows throughout
the Viners long
another interesting going to you is that
thomas state which cannot do any of you
know name for group of rhinos third well
not surprisingly it's known as a crash a
crash of Rheiner
thank you very much thank you okay ya
gotta feed absolutely stinks Oh destroy
barony come eat some food on my own oh
my god they go okay Joe can you feel me
oh I'm gone
okay bye ELISA she almost got like a
scraggly look chummy is by her kindred
spirits
the guinea pigs also I'd like to point
out these houses are probably about Zoe
sized but you could go to horseradish
hospital oh no they've got a little
river that's good come on Darcy you
could go all out this there's one in
sprout station
surely isn't this the best moment of
your life I just love getting today
that's monthly so geologists think mmm
dinner shake any picking holiday close
it lecture five minutes a stand by me
okay
bottom of the face shop really sticky
pads roll
we're currently in the adventure park
I'm exactly ting some food watching the
buggy and the grown-ups are on the zip
wire we are in the children's play area
right now having a picnic
what happened well now designed for
children not Apple that's what we
learned today and roll down and down and
down so why I was dragging me along and
I still sat on like the little seat but
my like thighs and ass cheeks with to be
precise we're being dragged along like
the muddy gravel like woodchip type
stuff and i couldn't stop it and it was
grazing and also as I was dragging all
like the rebel was I created on high
left on the other side of my leg but
grazing it got in my knickers and my leg
and it was all so little damn I'm going
my legs stupid or splinter either and
then out of roll on the floor to get off
Joe very kindly just a really great
picture with that which thank you Joe
and my sister was really supportive and
by supportive I mean just stood there
watching herself laughing
while we going on now getting on a train
interesting tree
erotic
this way we're in the mirror maze trying
to find three things sure I can't see
I've lost you wait no way oh this oh we
found a crown Oh
outfit of the day in the mirror in the
maze yes do they want to charge their
owner oh you want to keep on that for
naked Regan Joe do again do again nice
is Darcy by the way she's dumb
hello we're in the maze we're looking
for the sword
where are you fucking gosh Mary hello
Joe hey Louise I found a seat wait where
are you five of you but which one I
remember Ben scary ride for you that Joe
okay we've all been too long late and
now we're all on our way back Joe needs
a wheel I'm really hungry I'm perfect
I mean is just perfect Janice fine but
we're off now
no animals are harmed in the making of
this film a film video no animals were
harmed in the making of this film
ah then again but no animals are harmed
during the making of this video although
after that last rider did fall off that
last ride but no animals were harmed
during the making of this video although
I did fall off that last ride and hurt
many and it hurt No
oh why do I even say that
