hello everywhere a lot better
you see me now Louise is coming your
fist pump this bum fist pump so I've
been trying to tidy up and um get some
ready uh Louise is coming to mind but
first I'm going to London we're going to
a few meetings and things and then I'm
going back to her house with my TomTom
and then I'm driving back with her to my
house tomorrow so I'm really looking
forward to that because I've been ill so
I've not really seen anyone or done
anything already being out of my house
all that much so it's going to be nice
and refreshing and fun I hope my bed is
a mess right now because I'm trying to
decide what to take with me and what I
can fit into my handbag um so yes that's
all a mess but it's alright I hope you
can forgive me
yeah so that's what's going on I'm
vlogging yeah I'm just getting ready so
I'm almost there after my face and I've
kind of done my hair and I've got my
outfit on
I don't know what that dance move is
enjoy it though I'm gonna go film video
now so you can look forward to that to
live now underwater and this are all so
I'm going to paint my nails on the train
and I don't know whether to go pale
yellow or beach party by model zone I'm
thinking beach party because my outfits
kind of black and too Navy and white so
I think this would stand out a bit more
also like to just quickly make a little
announcement
I've just finished watching this lovely
lady here I think you may recognize her
and know her as Louise just finished
watching her video called being happy
and it's one of the nicest videos ever
and it's one of the many reasons why I
love this woman right here because she's
just so genuine and nice and is always
thinking of everybody else and so if you
are not very good at being happy or if
you're feeling sad at the moment or
something getting you down please go and
watch this video because it will make
you feel 10 times better and also
subscribe to Louise while you're there
because you know she's just great
oh hey London town Landon taught my land
of town if I saw his boyfriend sir I
don't know that there is we've just been
shopping for Blair's present because
it's less about dating progressively oh
sorry
but what we didn't see what we bought
our a variety of lovely things I'm going
to go off in a nice bag and then another
scarf and a necklace there's nice
kick also decided to get her the worst
thing we can find in Topshop yeah yes I
would you might own desert
we might like describer sorry if we
offended it's all right if you like
metal it's not we're so hot we're gonna
get going flow without telling and we've
actually got our own icing on and just
watch her face I swear this is one of
the best ideas we've ever had show me
exactly you know it was a pricey idea
yeah worth it though but I've never seen
anyone wear anything like this before
and although I have you really have fun
fairs
to come the perfect place it could be
particularly like - yeah like where it
kind of goes like this then drawn one
row so you can just walk around like the
end like who created this and thought I
don't we do which I know all make it
better put it together like join it up
see if it's better like Twitter what
we'll do is to make out like even more
amazing you chop the end off I've got
absent Jing Li Jiang leave it it moves
around the CCTV kind of content it may
be a pity that would be section just
love it I hate Blair loves it and we go
by household or tell me something great
tool a try again I've got a good factoid
gone then just fine
the average household tap runs
approximately property with 35 litres a
minute that's a lot miss Eliza no yeah
wait
great thanks Louise thanks MA goodbye
bye
I'm not the most charismatic right now
I'm just going to film you open your
present the other one little bit though
so you won't like it
I think I think she liked it yeah I love
the rising yeah we didn't decide today
oh yes she's got like a circle of people
around her making me feel a bit like it
is because you're quite smart
you don't have to like yeah
hi-yah because how we roll it was like I
feel like we need that music that's like
well done Louise you're just a pro
deckchair put her upper right it's your
face that disturbs me the major race so
it's so sunny so sunny and that cloud
over there what do you think is the
rooftop living I could get used to that
sadly I'm going to take you back to my
house
damn it but we do have a roof Michael
you don't lead somebody matter if we
climb damn everyone just on the roof
actually ah flooding one her person is
wanted on Rouge although we just have to
say it was amazing it's actually won
anything with me haha it has not bad
idea no light actually a really nice we
do we just so happens I was filming you
picturing it then to make a name is RAM
Oh weird technology attack me you do not
think mi
my students don't
what magazine is that glamour hello
what I mean
sorry interesting in that
like what
what is its slin you can have 2 or 0
what does it spin - both - okay not
Higgs new mechanism for math needed
evidence will not super systematic oh
yeah then we got in a taxi went home and
went bed bye
