hello it has been a while I apologize
profusely for um not being on YouTube
for a while I was poorly and ill so I
stepped back had a little me time got
better went to the doctors they gave me
stuff to make me better and now I feel
fine so I'm back yay I kind of like feel
like I'm out of the loop of making
videos now so I apologize if I seem a
bit like ropey in this video I am gonna
try my best to be good at videos okay I
went shopping because well I've been
poorly and that meant that I was in my
bed a lot I'm not really doing anything
so I need to do a bit of retail therapy
to make me feel better
it was doctor's orders and so you know
you have to do what the doctor says
otherwise you know what does happen if
you don't do what the doctor says you
die so I thought I would show you what I
bought because if you feel poorly and
you're watching this video and you can't
go out and do some retail therapy you
can live through my video and you can be
like oh I like that maybe I'll put that
on my list or you know just enjoy it
hey first things first is when I was ill
I thought restore myself so I went onto
the Mac website and I ordered off the
Mac website and well Mac's not cheap and
I don't really shop at Mac all that much
anymore I used to and I used to go gaga
over the collections but more recently I
have been quite well restrained until I
got ill and then I wasn't we're
estranged too so they have any a
collection that's come out and I'm
really sorry I can't remember what it's
called the new collection came out and
it all looks so pretty
so I have to have some things from there
eat the first thing I got is the
supernova blush how pretty so you can't
really see there we go it's just a
gorgeous dark pink with swells of and
runs through them and
it looks like oh pretty it's so nice
I really like it I also got solar ray
which is more of a pale pink slush peach
with gold shimmers running through it
looks like that so I have been enjoying
looking at these and I have used them a
few times I'm just being really like
careful I still have them in the boxes
for goodness sake so Anil also got a
mineralized skinfinish in light here
because these are so pretty
I live for mac mineralize skinfinish
years I think they're amazing and this
one is no exception
look at it look at it it's all swirly
it's basically a peach peachy pink and
bronze shimmer all solve a nin together
and it just looks really really pretty
so that's called Lightyear and that's
the mineralized skinfinish then I
ordered some nail polishes from the
model's own website only bought three
and the first one is the head candy
beach party now a nail polish and now
you might be saying but so you already
have that are you worn it in a video yes
I did have it and then in transit from
Louise's house back to my house it
smashed and went everywhere and ruined
lots of things so at buy another one
because I did love it so much that I
wanted to buy another one and so that's
a models own head candy each party I
then bought the models own a head candy
I bisa mix which is just a glitter quite
there's like bigger chunks and smaller
chunks of glitter it's really really
pretty
so I like that a lot and a very very
pale yellow I don't own any pale yellow
nail polishes um because I don't know
why this one's called lemon meringue um
I think it's definitely more of a color
to wear with a bit of a tan I can't see
that this will make me look too healthy
in the winter months but um yes quite
nice for spring and summer
if we get any of them are just about to
apply this which is what I have no nail
polish on right now so there's some
interesting news for you there next
thing I ordered was my lizard cleanse
and polish got this online comes in a
little bag with two muslin cloths here
they are tucked in and yeah I can't live
without this stuff as soon as I run out
I have to order another one because I
love it that much so listen I've got a
review of this on my blog I will leave
the link below if you want to predict
and they also send a little sample of
the skin repair light moisturizer for
oily combination skin which is quite
handy because I didn't ask for it and
they just sent it anyway which was nice
of them up next I went into town the
other day you can't feed anywhere for a
really long time so you know it was like
being free I bought this top which I
will now it's from Zara and it's just
really loose and read baggy and then the
fact my bra straps probably out it has a
big gap this is like so unprofessional
of me to show you this way and there's a
tag sticking out which is cool but yes I
like this a lot it's just really loose
and really baggy and that was in the
sale for $9.99 from Zara also from Zara
I got this it's all a bit crinkled
because it's been in my bag I got this
top which is grey it's actually enlarged
but I like things to be slightly bad
year anyway so it doesn't bother me and
it has like I wouldn't say this is like
faux leather I'm not really too sure
it's like a plastic he bit up here and
on the other side and then the plastic
you bit on the pocket and it's just
really nice grey nice t-shirt and that
was $12.99 and then something orange
because you know I don't have orange
enough or own many orange things so I
got this um
3/4 length sleeve sort of baggy I guess
you'd say it's a dress it is quite long
so it could be worn as either a top or a
dress and it just has a gold zip up the
back and that was in the sale for $9.99
so I thought that as well okay then
was a little bit naughty and I went into
American Apparel and they had this skirt
which I absolutely fell in love with so
I had to get it besides the kind of
ridiculous price tag like everything in
American Apparel but it's this guy is a
waist skirt and it just sort of has
loads of fabric and it's like a swishy
one like this swish swish and it has
tiny little white polka dots on it and
it's just fluorescent pink I absolutely
love it
my boyfriend was not so keen he said it
looks like something you'd wear to a
fancy dress which you know maybe you
would and but I absolutely love it so
and I had a little white button there um
yeah so I've got some to come out so I
can wear that somewhere no then um I
have been watching a program called
cherry Healy how
something about life how to get a life
that's it and in like every single
episode she's wearing this and every
time I see her in it I'm like I need to
get that hoodie I need to get the orange
American Apparel hoodie so I did I got
it I love it it's the bestest mm-hmm
American Apparel hoodies are quite
expensive but they last a really decent
amount of time and they're so soft
inside like I just want to strokes on my
face but I won't because my face is
coming to makeup okay so that is
everything from American Apparel I'm now
going to move on to Primark I've not
done a Primark haul in quite a long time
and a lot of you are like well where's
your Primark girls gone and it's not
that I haven't been to Primark I have
and it's just that there's not been an
awful lot in there that I've really
liked I don't know every time I go in
I'm just like there's not a lot I like
so I went in there the day and just had
like a little Potter around and found a
few things so it's not as much as I
would usually buy which is you know
ridiculous amount but it's you know
still a fair bit I got some tight how
exciting great great times tight yes I
got this top which is a sort of neon
yellow a green I wouldn't say it's green
or yellow it's kind of thin in between
and it's a peplum top it's slightly more
like structured which I quite liked
about it um quite a high neck a little
keyhole at the back and I just really
liked that and that was eight pounds so
that's a complete bargain I got this
blazer which is a very loose it's not
structured at all it's just you know a
loosey one loosey-goosey
and it is striped black and white and
yeah I just thought that would be quite
nice to just chuck on over a casual top
or something make an outfit a bit more
interesting and that was 15 pounds I got
this gray top which is extremely big and
extremely baggy it is actually a size 8
it just looks huge look at it
whoa and the back is slightly longer
than the front and it's a long-sleeved
which is why I liked it and yeah I just
thought this would be nice again like
tucked into trousers or over leggings so
yeah I like that and that was 6 pounds
so that was really cheap I got two denim
shirts now you may think I'm crazy for
buying two but it was because I couldn't
decide which color I liked more I don't
know if I like the slightly darker denim
or the lighter denim so you know you let
me know which you think is better I
might just keep both to be honest
because you know you can never have
enough denim shirts that's the lighter
one that's the slightly darker one and
both 10 pounds and I've actually been
eyeing up a denim jacket in gap which
was like 40 pounds and it looks
absolutely identical to this so I just
figured I'd go with the cheaper one so
sorry so sorry
oh that's too denim shirts I don't need
to denim shirts I always do this I go to
like go like walk past the baby section
and there's always something in there I
think oh I need to get that for Darcy um
so I bought this tiny little dress which
has got bows on the what are these
called straps and it has little boats on
it
little boats and beach balls and a
little tie here and it's just a really
cute little dress it's got little
pockets so I just bought it for her
because you know I'm just nice like that
and it was too cute to just walk past
and that was 6 pounds see that was the
same amount as a top seems quite pricey
really circular because I love her I
went to the men's set
in Primark after I bought the orange
American Apparel hoodie and I bought
this one it's not the same color orange
don't don't be mistaken and think you
know what well you already bought the
exact same one for like three times the
price no no no this one's neon this was
an this one's a neon orange so that's
different you know this is 12 pounds so
a lot cheaper than the American Apparel
one American Apparel do actually do a
neon orange hoodie so I would advise you
probably get this one instead because
although the quality is not the same um
it's like a fourth of the price so you
might be better off getting I've just I
only really bought this one to just
sling on I mean you do get what you pay
for but if you want something slightly
cheaper or you know American Apparel is
not something that you would ever
consider then do look in the men's
section because they have loads of these
hoodies with the same like white strings
for really cheap so might be worth
looking at that on a completely random
note I went into this shop that they
have in Bristol where they sell American
things like American sweet American
cereal and rock and drinks lots of
things basically imported from America
because we can't really get them around
here so I bought some pop-tarts because
I really like these I was introduced to
these by my boyfriend's little brother
who's obsessed with them and he was like
if you had a pop-tart I was like no I
have actually never had a pop-tart had
one wanted one every single day since so
I went to bought them and I got I got
the frosted strawberry milkshake flavor
and the s'mores which are my favorite
because they're just amazing mm-hmm I
envy you you people in America you have
access to things like this in in your
like supermarkets because I really wish
that we did and we don't I then went to
food
okay and all I bought with these again
these like extra-large cotton wool pads
because these are amazing like you I
will never go back to normal size cotton
wool pads these giant things are great
buy them fast you can find them in the
baby section now lastly if this is where
random but I also place this order when
I was ill I think I was feeling a little
bit delirious because I completely
forgot like I placed the order and it
literally just arrived so here's the box
which i think is pretty cool it looks
like a suitcase and it's a monkey or
monkey or however you like to pronounce
it and yes I thought I'd open this in on
camera for you wow this is like the
coolest box ever I wish they didn't
squish it oh okay now first thing I
bought um was some makeup bags now these
are like folks or leathery makeup bags
this one's in pale yellow and this one
is in a minty green II blue color and I
got two as like presents for people or
for myself and two because I'm going to
be doing a giveaway on my YouTube and on
my blog so it's basically going to be
full of makeup that I love so all my
favorite essential things I'm gonna fill
up obviously brand new ones I'm not
going to give you the ones I've used I'm
going to fill up and put into each of
these makeup bags give one away on my
blog give one away on you tube the girl
I love you guys and you know I want to
give something back to you so keep your
eyes peeled for that because um that
will be soon when I've like bought all
the things obviously but you know here's
a start
the makeup bags oh I see I totally
forgot my bought this stuff so I got
this which is a short sleeved shirt it's
quite short and it's like a mint green
with little white polka dots on it and
that was 20 pounds
sure about what this is a thing that
ordering online is that you don't really
know
we're going to look like got this plain
white t-shirt it feels quite thin I
thought it would feel much nicer like
this kind of material like a bit heavy
and rapier but it's quite thin and
massive actually and this is extra small
and that was ten pounds but I have a
feeling that that was actually in the
say or for like much cheaper this top
which is like an ombre style white pink
and the back looks like that and this
one wears the label twelve pounds
oops so quite like that that's quite
nice actually that feels better
I don't remember any of this stuff fun
this looks massive what is this oh it's
an orange shift wrap okay this is
ridiculous what size is this this is
extra small okay that's huge that's not
extra small that doesn't even sit on my
shoulders how do you have to dance in
this back this would be really nice if
it wasn't so massive and it's just like
a shift dress with like pockets on the
sides and I thought that would be quite
nice it feels nice quality it's just
cute oh no black can go back sometime
okay that's everything there from monkey
or monkey or however else you'd like to
say and so that stuff's it looks okay
I've never actually bought anything from
there before so I wasn't sure of like
the quality or the sizing or anything so
I'm gonna have to just go try it all on
and decide then but the box is really
cool I think all companies should send
things in boxes like that I hope you
enjoy the video and I will surely be
seeing you soon now that I'm better okay
I'm off to meet Louise now so expect
some more videos from us this weekend
and I will be vlogging and I hope you
have a nice weekend and a nice rest of
the week bye I also got a middle right
metal or metal I've going further into
I'm but I can't breathe
okay so that everything from-from the
motor come on Paul I can't talk I just
want to go to America and just buy lots
of Lucky Charms and pop-tarts and like
American goodness and then just come
back again with that the weird yeah in
the back hello
I'm just filming a video in the don't
air a study thing no I'm a bit lost
I don't know where I am and yeah it was
good
