hello I'm here with you ease again and
we're going to do a video which I've not
seen anybody else do and I actually got
this idea from my friend called Leah
hell yeah who none of you have met
before but I'm sure you will in due
course because I want to do this video
with her as well um but basically her
idea is we each have three products
products things items random stuff that
we have found in Louise's house mm-hmm
they can be modified they can be changed
little and so for example your exam to
me was you could have a snail wrap to
the leaf yeah like a snail wrapped in a
leaf and you present the person with it
they have to keep their eyes shut you
present them with it they have to guess
what it is you're only allowed to use
your hands and your nose and you can
taste if you really really want to do
although it's probably not strongly
recommended because if you had a smelly
leaf and you licked it that would not be
so nice and I just thought that this
would be quite a fun thing to do
are you excited yes always always okay
so who do you want to go first do you
want I want to go first
okay so shut your eyes item number one
you might have to put two hands out okay
cool okay I'm just gonna show you what I
don't have borne it okay
I'm scared Tower
okay oh my god woman Samford thing in
your hand I think it's going spherical
water sir don't look just get okay I
feel like this is a wet wipe yes so on
that's a wet wipe yeah this is a clove
of garlic yes kind of well yeah pop
that's really weird it felt moist hey
you're good yeah
okay so you can all see what it is you
might have to annotate it just here okay
okay ready yeah oh he's quite hard what
is that
is there like some weird like is it a
lot of a little china bug sore top with
like antennae
well I modified it I put something on
little China not bug what if you put on
it the antenna oh but they're not so is
this like a little china bug well it's a
little like china ornament thing but
it's not a bug
is it like a little no a fish what goes
in the sea but it feeds classes of
Finnish toilet oh yes a turtle with
antennae well starting teller I just put
something on it oh it's tough put in it
yeah but what's the stuff on it I
thought the stuff that we just shot out
of them out of the party popper yeah I
 you again next item being okay okay
I'm just gonna show them okay be a bit
careful with this one toy yeah
one of baby bitches toys for the life of
me I don't know what to is hang on
why don't you take it closer to your
face to smell it I know I feel this is
right I'm scared this is either
moisturizer or ketchup what does it
smell like don't smack me in the face
I'm not going to I don't know hey this
guy okay Ethan I would have never got
that it was this toys educated in the
garden and he's got cream on him his
hand cream
I might just from a bear lying since I
don't okay
I show number two okay it is this I'll
show the camera and this might focus be
able to write it down okay
something wrapped in solid shape yes is
that many are Upton's other states yes
but they're simply else's oh wait okay I
didn't see anything through here okay
what is that safety pin wrapped in Xela
tape wrapped in a mini egg yes
Oh Lillian okay last one for Louise this
is the best one oh so scared I just I
don't know whether you could fit like a
real fish in my hand or something oh why
did it make a squirrel it's a party ring
yeah oh there's something gross on it
what have you got up the fridge
something on it give it a sniff it's a
ketchup no I didn't think so
yep barbecue sauce I hate oh
sure the camera wrong no one will get
what it is you'll have to write what
this is well I get what it is no oh
there's two bits to it modified it right
this is a wrapper was I supposed to do
that yeah it's just like off of a garlic
no picnic like a little yeah sheets she
fit you've put salad tape around the top
have you know you've just twisted the
top yeah
is it just tissue paper yes okay you
have to guess the color well no if you
want to thank no purple no green yes
okay
this is part of a toy yes that's all you
have to guess because I don't never
guesses why it's part of like a play-doh
kit she's got on like this bag sits on
the top and you put the paid rent you
squirt out when it comes out like a
shade ah it's quite tricky to get but so
yes that's that's us that's that game
over and done with I quite enjoyed that
I had a really good cloud - and you I
suppose if we had more time to sort of
find bits it would have been like that
would be good to do the loads of your a
party yeah definitely could make it a
party good I liked it I liked it a lot
if you want to play this game or if you
have any funny suggestions then do let
us know or leave a video response or
yeah or anything I hope you like this
sort of random video it's just something
a bit different if I'd am a fun video
and yeah thanks for watching bye about
right looks about right there okay
I dare you to take part of this barbecue
sauce party ring a dare you you'll win
the game if you do it oh it's horrible
the actually tastes quite nice um thanks
for watch
