hi everyone um it's me again I feel like
I've not really recorded a sit-down
video in a really long time
apart from monitored with Louise um but
still it just feels like it's been ages
have you missed me I've missed you a lot
okay so today's video if you've not
already guessed from the title is an
empties slash products that I've used up
video I have become a little bit
obsessed with these types of videos
recently I'm not too sure why but I love
watching them I think it's because when
you watch somebody talk about things
they've actually used up you know
they've actually used the product so the
opinion that they're giving you and the
review that they can give the item you
know is a hundred percent genuine and
they've not just used it for two days
and gone or or you liked this they've
actually used the whole thing up as I
just like keep the things I was using up
to show you in a video and then I could
give you my two cents and maybe you'd
like it and if you don't then I'm really
sorry and you don't have to watch any
further I'd also just quickly like to
say that I was gonna leave my fringe
down but it was really annoying me so
I've pinned it up so I kind of feel like
I look a little bit like a bouffant I
don't know
and also I painted my nails in this blue
color and I really hate it
and I don't often put a nail polish on
my nails and look at my hands and go ooh
but this color I really don't like it
was an hmm one I think it's called nail
him
nice nice name um and the second I've
stopped filming this I think I want you
to take it off
is that weird I just don't like it I
don't like it
mmm as Megara has it repelling like old
ladyish laughs hey onto the actual video
I got a bit carried away with keeping
things I'd used up and thinking oh my
god there's a tiny bit left I need to
use it and so I think I may have used it
products slightly quicker this way but
that's a good thing because because I
write my blog this is me writing my blog
um it means I'm
I'm lucky enough um that I get to try a
lot of new things to review and blog
about so I'm always getting new products
and I'm always buying new products and
I'm just inquiring a lot I'm not using
up enough to make it kind of like an
even balance it out
so I feel like I'm receiving more than
I'm actually using so I'm making it my
mission and through the help of these
videos where are empty things and show
you empty bottles and tell you that I
like stuff or didn't like stuff but I
watch you use more things and that's
always a good thing to be honest the
first thing I have used up is my beloved
Liz Earle cleanse and polish now I have
a video a skincare video which I will
leave below and it's kind of old the
Lighting's really poopy can't really see
me but I do explain how much I love this
I do still use it I do still love it
and I'm going to be repurchasing another
one of these I think because it's just
my absolute go to when it comes to
cleanser and I explain it slightly
better on my blog and in the skincare
video so I shall just pop that on there
next thing I used ups like a random I've
had this for quite a long time so I'm
glad it's gone um is a Johnson's baby
light oil spray yes I'm aware I'm not a
baby as much of a surprise to you as
that is I'm an adult
but I bought this because I read
somewhere that somebody uses on their
skin and it's smelt really nice and it
did the skin wonders I can't say it's
the best oil I've ever used it's quite
nice to put in my bath which is what
I've been doing it was it was nice I
don't really think I ever noticed much
of a difference to my skin when I put it
in my bath but it's nice to spray it
onto the skin if you're into oiling your
body instead of moisturizing your body
cheap it's cheerful if you like oiling
yourself then you might like this but I
don't think I'll be buying that one
again next thing I've used up which is
also in my skincare video which I shall
leave below is the regen cream which I
have been using religiously and also my
brother has been using this too I put on
this so it's quite bright um and it's
been
a moisturizer which has the same sort of
oil as by oil in it which is used to
reduce scarring blemishes marks on your
skin um but it's in a moisturizer form
for your face so I've been using this
because when I get blemishes on my face
they normally take quite a while to go
which is really annoying so I've been
using this and I found it helped
massively I think this was about three
pound 50 from home bargains and I have
repurchase this already because I'm just
going to show you that it's empty in
case you think I'm lying because I love
it so much
so got another one of those already and
love this I've also got a blog post on
this which I will link in the downbar if
you're interested in reading more about
it next thing I finished this morning
which is why it reminded me to me this
video and it came with a jolly box I
think or know of glossy box maybe I
can't remember one or the other
sorry don't kill me and it is the URI
natural body wash and I got the rose
scented one now normally I'm really not
a fan of rose cents I just want to make
sure I haven't got any lipstick on my
teeth I'm paranoid this didn't actually
smell of like roses I absolutely love
this stuff I literally just like poured
over me in the shower
absolute loved it and I don't really
think these are that expenses so I think
I might buy some more of this it's
enriched with Indian rose Jasmine and
aloe vera and it's Marie moisturizing
smells amazing and it's just a really
nice shower gel if you are into shower
gel xed two things come as kind of a
pair they come together married whatever
and it is the Pantene pro-v aqua light
shampoo and conditioner completely empty
I absolutely love this shampoo and
conditioner I'm not actually spoken
about them before because well you know
how excited do you get over pharmacy
slash drugstore shampoos and
conditioners essentially it's for fine
hair and I don't really have fine hair
but I think it works really well
cuz it makes your hair feel really light
and it doesn't add too much weight to
the hair so whenever I use this I always
feel like my hair feels really light
like like after you come at the salon
and you can just feel that you're like
your head feels cool and I don't know
your hair just feels really light um it
gets rid of grease amazingly it keeps my
hair grease free for longer I think it's
basically designed to nachtweh your hair
down so if you do have fine hair and
you've not used this yet why not it's
absolutely amazing even if you don't
have fine hair I love it I think I
probably going to repurchase it to be
honest because it's just great and it's
cheap so what more could you ask for
really this one's kind of boring a nail
polish remover the acetone free for
artificial and sensitive nails Sally
Hansen nail polish remover and it's got
like hot chocolate like spilled on it
which is just a nice added bonus don't
buy this it's rubbish I'm so glad it's
finally gone because this stuff I was
literally pouring it on my nails and
nothing came off it was just a complete
nightmare you could use cotton pad after
cotton pad of this stuff like saturated
in this stuff and it's still a bitch to
take off your nail polish so I'm glad
it's gone and I will not be repurchasing
this one I don't know if it's because
it's for artificial and sensitive nails
but I do have artificial nails and
sensitive nails because I have
artificial nails um so kind of pretty
crap really
damn you Sally hunt so okay I think this
is possibly the overall winner of the
most boring item in the whole thing and
it's my Palmolive soft and gentle
deodorant not really an awful lot to say
on this uh it's a deodorant it smells
nice and it does the job another shower
gel but I have completely used up is
this rituals yogi flow Indian rose and
sweet almond oil that seems to be a lot
Indian rose in my shower gels that's
weird it's basically a foaming shower
gel and this was in the glossy box this
is in the December glossy books and
this was really really nice I think it
retails for around six seven pounds
which I don't think I would pay for a
shower gel annalee but it was really
nice it's smart really nice it wasn't
overly moisturizing which I kind of need
in a shower gel because I suffer with
kind of drier skin than the normal
person um so a smart nice was kind of
cool it's like a foam instead of like a
liquid or a gel so kind of different but
yeah all gone now
whoa we're nearly at the end I promise
okay the next thing is the Tosh okay I
can't say this word is it missile air
missile air water missile air missile
air water oh whatever it is it's amazing
and it's the Tosh one and I've got this
in a jolly in a Jolly Bob I've actually
really enjoyed using the samples in
beauty boxes because I found some really
really great things like this I've
actually already repurchased myself like
in a massive bottle but yeah this Tosh a
missile air water or makeup remover
cleanser is absolutely freaking amazing
this stuff literally you just put a
little bit on a cotton pad pop it on
your eyes or your whole face of makeup
and you just sweep it down and it just
comes off it like an absolute dream
I love it um I tend to use this before I
cleanse so I've been using this before I
do a cleanse with my cleanse and polish
so I get most of it off with this and
then do a proper thorough cleanse of my
skin with this one if you're into like
water makeup removers or cleansers then
definitely have a little look at this
one and see if it's up your street
because it was definitely right up mine
I'm aware that this could kind of be
classed as cheating because I've not
technically finished the whole
collection of it but I recieved some
bath oils like tiny little bath oils in
a little collection I think it was like
eight and I've used three of them so
I've got the tiny
- look I like glass they're really cute
I've got the tiny little glass jars it's
basically one per bar so you pour the
whole thing in now I love a good bath
like who doesn't love a good bath okay
they're not great for cleaning but
they're great for relaxing so I like to
have a bath every now and then because I
do and I've used three of them I've only
got two here I don't know any other one
is I think it's Dylan back in the box
I used de-stress your mind and revive
evening
um and I thoroughly enjoyed my bath with
these oils they look like something some
Bellini would use for her bath like you
know like a normal sized bubble bar for
a Thumbelina you wouldn't think a whole
bath would come out of one of these but
it does it's impressive
okay on to makeup he things with the
scars and things I think it is kind of
easy to tell when it's done because it
basically dries out and you can no
longer run fight your eyelashes without
clumps of black falling on your face so
that brings me onto this item which is
one of my number seven exquisite curl
mascara z' now you all know how much i
love this mascara i rave about it all
the time and it's just kind of dried out
now and it's run its course so in fact
it's like dried all around like looks
all like crusty Oh gross um so yeah you
know how much I love this it's one of my
favorite mascaras although I do have a
sneaky second favorite that may be
overtaking it slightly to concealers
that I have used up this month I was I
used up I mean I mean if they don't look
used up now but I can't get any more out
because for some stupid reason people
put concealers in tubes which means that
you can't get any more from around the
edges so in weighing anyway I've got out
as much as I possibly can without like
snapping the thing of the Maybelline
pure cover mineral concealer in shade Oh
three sound this was actually might one
of my favorite concealers before the
collection mm perfecting flawless
coverage job II came out um and then
this overtook it look how dried out this
is like I don't even think you're going
to be able to like see it's just so
gross
um and I got that in shade light and
they're both just done with so I need to
get some more concealer because now I
just can't wrap my ugly face hey and
last but not least is something that is
kind of random but I wanted to put it in
there anyway and I'm not going to do
this with all food and drink items
because technically I class food and
drink has a bit of a cheating type
scenario like you can't you can't eat a
packet of crisps and be like I finished
this pack of crisps because that's just
cheating so just quickly I'll show this
and because I friggin love it and I just
need some more and it is the Marks and
Spencers rhubarb and custard sparkling
drink it's as good as it sounds or I'm
sure some of you are thinking yuck it
tastes absolutely amazing at first I was
quite dubious that this would taste
slightly rank sickly I'm really fake but
it just tastes like the sweet the
rhubarb and custard sweets it tastes
exactly the same it's so addictive you
have one sip and you're like I need to
drink the whole thing
so I did drink the whole thing and now
it's all gone so if you're near Marks
and Spencers anytime soon please try
this because well it's just nice and
they also had a sherbet lemon flavour
and what else did they have horrorman
but they had sherbet lemon and something
else but I can't remember them now but
they had a nice selection of like old
school sweets in fizzy drinks which i
think is very nice and it's in a nice
glass bottle so if glass bottles are a
preference when choosing your sparkling
drinks then you might consider that okay
so that is all of my empties slush
things I've used up but I hope you found
this video slightly
insightful because you know I've used up
the whole product and I'll put some any
reviews of any of the products behind me
that I have in the downbar fini box
thingy
and I can't think of what else I need to
say I'm going to go recycle all this now
because I am a bit weird when it comes
to recycling I like to recycle
everything I even went to Louise's house
I was like if that app is recycling that
you've got that on the side want me to
do it for you or ages now I've just
wanted to recycle all of this and now I
can wear that that makes you sound like
a complete weirdo okay so I'm going to
go recycle all my empty plastic shears -
and take off this horrible blue hand
gratifying nail polish and um yeah I
hope you enjoyed the video and if you
want me to do more of these then let me
know and give it a thumbs up so I can
kind of Judge if you really hated it you
don't have got this far anyway so that
doesn't even matter
um goodbye onto this
I had you fooled um oiling your body
sounds so strange and now you're all
having weird perverted thoughts aren't
you oh I think it come to my head tink
would come up but poppin on my little
table there's like a weird fly in here I
think it was whatever oh my god I'm
government scares to show like it's one
of my throat is going so strangely oh my
god this thing on my foot what was that
okay
it's something my fringe is so annoying
to know I did that like a magician on
that note I'm off goodbye
