hello everyone I'm at Louise's house
again today as always messages live here
really we're going to do a video for you
today it's not really a make up e1 is it
so it's just fun one it's a fun Simona
fun time fun time so we're gonna call
this the friends the friend test Oh have
you revised I actually haven't have you
how that Karen eyes you what you said on
you revise little joke
all right oh look we've written each
other six questions I don't know why it
turned out six but it just did didn't it
did they're both just for six Oh will
that right we'll keep it at six
questions I've got my questions written
in here I've got mine written in here
this is Louise's blog book and I'm gonna
ask Louise the questions I've written
about myself and she has to know the
answer in order to pass my friend test
shall we get started yes I'm gonna give
her some paper so you can write her
answer down question number one when I
order a Domino's Pizza
what topping do I have she's scribbling
away pop it down face down in there so I
can't say oh why oh okay sure I wouldn't
really be covering the whole page up
yeah probably so that everyone can see
it try to illustrate a que question
number two what were my guinea pigs
called Oh God say I said this to you the
other day literally when I arrived at
your house what you turned up Oh Ann hi
no it came up in conversation I just ask
one question yeah well then a doctor
people the neighbors one was know what
we were talking about that weren't we
cuz I don't know the character though I
wasn't King was Reilly Minogue in the
book she might but narrow it to name's
Jason I definitely didn't cook
everything cheese oh I I don't I haven't
no idea right
just gonna make it up then you're going
to kick yourself when you when I when
you know what it is
am i yes I said it to you literally two
days ago just shows how much you listen
to me but you talk so much I don't have
to always listen to you we certainly
shall I say all the time what's in my
head
you don't have to listen to me at that
time I was specifically talking to you
okay what is my most hated food this is
easy but you hate so many foods my most
hated that even if you cooked it in your
house I'd have to leave I'll give you a
clue actually no that's a massive okay I
just what I think it is I know you hate
this food yeah you've got it right
because I can hear the way you're
writing it how weird is that for a
little picture as well okay question
number four what are my three top Disney
films Oh what happens the relation in
the knife I can't take any more tears
why do you not take any note you could
get a point for each one it's done
question number five what were my three
a-levels like you have done trick
questions with many questions in them I
thought that would be well easy though
alright well then what you made in
fourth six what year do I 12th was one
of the best years of my life I'm going
to narrow it down to season are you all
done yes I can write answers okay so
question of one was one of those are
Domino's Pizza what topping do I have I
said double pineapple with ham I'm
definitely not mushroom sometimes ham
but definitely double pineapple and what
else
well cheese with tomato sauce well I
normally have half pepperoni half double
pineapple oh sure I'll give you half a
point for
because you were half there okay okay
what will my guinea pigs cool rainbow
bum nuts
Milo say what like I know my own
authority and one was called Monty what
I didn't know if you get that or not
remember music oh we're talking oh yeah
yes I need get a little welding didn't
get any points for that but bum nurse
was kind of place question number three
what is my most hated food mushroom yay
even if someone cooks mushrooms I have
to leave because the smell it's just but
what my lot have a pizza came with
mushrooms on exactly you had to get hold
on the pizza we did question number four
what are my three top Disney films
Beauty and the Beast Sleeping Beauty
Little Mermaid yeah if I said top for
Aladdin would be on there as well well
done
you get three points for that next
question is what a levels did I take
photography art and textile well done
you do know me quite well don't you yeah
what year do I say was one of the best
years ever 2010 specifically summer yeah
and I'm like why why it was just a
really great year I didn't have any
panic attacks and that will I made loads
of new friends I met year I've made
friends with you I've heard the views
just a really good summer I got pregnant
I married that summer so that was a good
summer it wasn't like five but uh anyone
else have a good summer 2010 let us know
what happened in summer 2010 coming to a
7 2010 a year since he was so difficult
with my questions I might have to change
some of these can you think off the top
of the head then some okay question
number one
yep what did my mum do for a living she
dead now oh no wait let me think about
it I can't remember I have to make a
guess and it worked you like I did with
rain boom boom hang on okay I don't know
that you've ever told me I will have she
did something helpful
have to do this so I don't look hey when
I was pregnant we have two names for a
girl Darcy or something else what was
the other name and the really blue the
reason we didn't go for that name is
because somebody famous picked that name
for their daughter we didn't want to
look like we were copying it was the
Prime Minister what's his daughter
called but let's be most shouting it
yeah they are I bet you they are just
have to get it and I'm rubbish it this
and okay how did you think these were
easy what's it on that one wasn't what
sitcom Christmas special have I watched
so many times I know all words I know
this one what is my biggest fear I can't
write that on here no but they're not
open we can what do you think you okay
not what I'm thinking I'm about five
things right now go for them all let's
just write them all down and if one of
them is right then yeah okay - I think
it's between okay pallidus what for a
horse did I do
that wasn't unlimited enough let me if
you get three out of four that I'll do
name three foods I hate
okay question one ready told up to
camera yeah what did my late mother
she's not letting me dead do for a
living so say worked at helping well she
managed and took part in craft fairs she
flower pressings honestly did not know
that did she help - well she was did
rescue and a busload of people when a
double-decker bus rolled told me not and
crashed into our house and she rescued
them and then the police gave her an
award and and carpet right gave us new
carpets cause people have bled all over
the carpets could she dragged all the
people of the bus okay what did I want
to call Dulce before we chose Darcy
Larry that's actually incorrect what was
it Florence ah ah what sitcom Christmas
special have I watched so much that I
know all the ways to die for the state
Avenue Stacey correct well what am I
most afraid of multiple choices
iFit noise and driving I was going for
the dark but I'm going to go and get I'm
going to give you half my each that
because I'm not together noise just you
know hey listen with the sound I like
things I should turn down a lot and I
don't like driving on motorways that's
right it's go anyway what was the next
question what did you take for your
a-level what did I take for my a levels
I've hurt English psychology business
studies and maths ah that was it
um degree oh okay you have a point for
psychology and a point for Business
Studies but I also did biology oh you do
quality and geography so give you two
point oh seven Oy yay they've three
foods I hate fudge beef and return it
very much hey Robert of it well this is
cheeseburger happy meal yeah but you
don't like beef in
- lasagna or like all know or like you
know a cottage pie or something make the
skin chords talking about them though
you got seven points
I got rumba how many you got and a half
do I get a lollipop do I get a pink way
for sure I say we're quite good
ha you can be my friend you can be my
friend - thanks if you've done this with
your friends or if you want to do it
with your friends then leave it as a
video response and then we can watch it
yeah yeah we could do this again if you
can think of any more questions because
we found that quite hard didn't we're
actually trying to think of the
questions so yes let us know if you have
any more questions or you want us to do
this again thanks for watching
thanks for watching bye hey bye thanks
for watching goodbye
Miggy sell free trade is like crack
imagine just gotta shake hi everyone hi
hi or cassette normally like a normal
person
probably law LM a fo love a ruffle okay
not a producer one make autonomous we're
available hang on a second that's what's
true attention to something what is that
that a human caught in a bear trap hold
a specific it's a I'll be able to see it
weird swear damn it how many moles do I
have 42 we have a lot more than that I'm
quite Molly Molly Molly Molly way more
than man
I'm one of your cherry a sip out of it
that I'm not put my computer's to cover
ha ha ha I don't love tip that time
Thanks
don't be dick if you can think of any
just you know
