hello I thought I would do a little vlog
because in my most recent forgotten
email in my most recent Facebook type
job II what's that called
status update that's it on my facebook
page which I'll put a link to below I
generally ask quite a lot of questions
about what you want to see what you're
going to change so if you like to
interact with me as I like to interact
with you then I do go following my
facebook page because I tend to write a
lot more on that because obviously
Twitter's a limitation of 140 characters
so I find myself a bit stuck for
contacting you or through Twitter but
yeah Facebook's good yeah I don't
remember what's gonna say I'm gonna vlog
and I asked on Facebook what sort of
videos you like to see more from me and
so many of you said vlogs and now I
don't actually know if you like vlogs at
all I love to watch people's blogs I
feel like my life is really
uninteresting unless obviously I'm going
to Louise's house and then obviously I'm
doing things and it's interesting for
you to see but on a day-to-day basis I
would say my life is pretty dull um but
I mean whenever there's something going
on I will grab my camera and I'll be
sure to film it for you currently about
to get my nails done because they look
horrific
my mum actually does my nails which is
cool um so I'm going to let my mum do my
nails and then I'm going to be on my way
to Louise's and I'm not yet anything yet
and I'm absolutely starving so I think
I'm gonna have to like stop someone grab
some food and it's raining and it's
horrible and I probably got people
staring at me right now because I'm in a
car park and there's someone driving
down here now so I'm going to do stop
filming goodbye add that I just watched
that clip back I look hideous now the
reason for this is because I've been
rained on I've got hardly any makeup on
I seem to have like the world's biggest
bags at a moment I don't know why I
think it's because I'm getting a cold
I'm not really getting a lot of sleep so
this is me looking a little Haggard and
Baga licious I'm not making any sense I
also have gazillions of spots which have
just sprouted from nowhere and I can't
say that I'm fond of them or that I'm
getting attached to them my mum's
reading me probably wondering why I'm
not going inside
but yeah I'm spotty in a look a bit
gross but yeah I'm gonna vlog
next few days by its beginning I'm just
gonna check geez oh yeah my mum's coming
just thought I'd show you my nails and
they were finished so they look nice
models own head candy beach party but we
like smile a little so me here with my
bow mount you don't have to focus on
that - I'll show them wherever naturally
I want to show you what i'm wearing
crystally not that it's a like sighting
but as I flick in ease and this jumper
and this is from Topshop I quite like it
cuz ombre and pink is that you tried to
hide vinery Oh
you wouldn't want to let rubbish if you
came in here would you got you okay I
have my nails done now I really like the
color I think it's pretty even though
you know it doesn't really reflect the
summery weather mmm absolutely shocking
it down to use a nice term I have my
TomTom all ready to go so and I also
have you know obligatory treat I got
these this time these things are
absolutely freakin amazing
you ever go into a co-op get these also
have some rebels obviously some galaxy
cookie crumble a drink of sprite which
I'll keep oh keep there and what else
did I get I went a bit like Street crazy
because I already know I think me and
Louise can just eat treats later some
maths planets some more cookie things if
they'll buy one get one free
it's and dropping chocolate all over my
car lost my brownies down there as well
and some chewing gum because you know
you always buy chewing gum when you go
shopping and then some starbursts or an
opal fruits as Louisa likes to call them
so I'm all ready to go
aurevoir I bid you farewell hi Louise hi
Zoe
I've arrived at your house I arrived at
Louise's what's the time now
2154 and the first thing we did with
some strange disco dancing in her dining
room because we're so normal
yeah well there was a reason for it but
probably not YouTube it wasn't normal
dancing let's just put it that way yes
and now I'm like absolutely sick didn't
oh I'm showing this because you can't
see look look how soaked I am in my
crotch my hair's gone all like round
what my hair that she looks like oh dear
spinach this is what I call a spin this
is when you have like a chunk of hair
away from another chunk of hair look at
you in the background oh my yeah
my husband Oh like your hair looks
better on your craft a pilot's better
than my best piece of her notebook dozen
dead guys you get your hair done all
nice I'm thinking I might drop my hair
you know well not too much just so maybe
like here whoo
I kind of want to get ombre again yes I
think I do for the summer yeah I love
being on bro makes your hair exciting is
it is ombre done now knows I'm gonna get
mine redone soon I think my I say gonna
get it every go it is a major I'll read
on Bray Louise's hair oh I saw quite a
for do it pink yes I like a pastel pink
yeah pretty Milly's they're like lilac
purple music what about hair mascara no
the good old days with a copper hairs
are from the body shop I had a blue one
to do is it I spent fun with a big
scrunchie bear in mind I'm a lot older
than Zoe and the nice time to bits like
this are you start to bit goodbye this
and then I used to do a copper just go
on like that
hello a lot I did exact same as Louise
cept I had blue mmm comment below if you
used her mascara to maybe do it now good
what basically Louise is crying because
laughing cry laughing crow lighting I
did but what videos I'm gonna film
together and so we suggested we do the
accent I and it's become apparent in
Factor northern accent went / just
trying out just give them an example I
say no in northern say um I'm gonna get
the train to London for a day to visit
the Queen can't even imagine it in my
head nor then flew up nor I'm gonna get
the train to London to see the Queen to
see the Queen nice okay
I personally liked your little piddly in
the best could we please all just note
that Louise's husband is Liverpudlian
yeah my my husband always family us cows
and I lived there for six years
and most of my friends Oliver puppy but
this is your Liverpool accent getting
down to address today's and scram it's
not just the accident but you change
like your whole like body language and
your voice days okay we're hoping that
we're in shock because obviously my
iPhone floor I hope so little we can do
oh yes okay we're using Louise's phone
we're trying to use Louise's frame
behind mine so you can see what we're
filming this is impossible
where are you I was like holding this up
behind yeah that's it enough or is it
easier to get in Marlett look like that
okay get in now Hey okay yeah look like
this okay yeah so at the moment what do
we do today
I dunno I just like morning I snuck out
and got Louisa McDonald's breakfast cuz
that's just a nice is your meringue cuz
that's just a nice kind of person I am
and then oh look so more rooms like huh
and now we're going to play group oh
hello we are currently doing blogtv yeah
Oh screens gone there it is everyone
saying hi hi whoa that's going very fast
hi Wow
oh hi missing you this is like
technology attack oh my god wait maybe I
should block this technology attack DAC
wow this is going very fast we're
drinking cherry aid and eating party
rings was a TA okay I'm off now I'm
gonna knock the blockage casually hi oh
