today I have a hole for you it's just a
little one just an idiot
but I wanted to show you anyway because
I think a lot of these things might
feature in some favorites videos because
I'm enjoying them quite a bit the first
place I bought things wrong was a
website online called feel unique and
it's basically just one website full of
lots and lots of different brands beauty
brands they've got hair care skin care
fake tan everything first thing that I
ordered was the quarterly beauty elixir
smoothing glowing complexion I don't
know if I'm pronouncing that correctly
if I'm not then I apologized
it's a beauty water basically and it's
full of essential oils and niceness for
your skin and I've already used about a
third of it and I'm thoroughly enjoying
this so far I've seen a lot of people
raving about this particular product and
at the moment I can totally see why
although I'm not a massive fan of the
smell it's very very strong and I don't
know if it's just mine or I just got a
really extra sensitive nose but I can't
get along with the smell at the moment I
know a lot of people love the smell but
I'm not a massive fan of it I'm enjoying
the effect it has on my skin but not
really the smell and but I might grow to
like it I don't know the next thing I
bought which was completely inspired by
Milly from Made in Chelsea it's a
basically like a reality TV show
um but kind of a bit scripted and we're
not really too sure if it's real life or
if it's all scripted or what's real and
what's forced it's one of those types
types of things you know like Jersey
Shore and Geordie Shore and The Only Way
Is Essex that sort of program is really
good anyway I really like watching and
Millie Mackintosh is one of the
characters in it and she basically
always looks amazing like her skin
always looks glowing and radiant and
really nicely
tan and I was reading her blog post of
the day and she said that she used this
on her face and it's the Institut
esterdome I'm probably
we butchered the French accent there
reflects all a clamor to a pause on
sunshine intense tan self-tanning face
cream this is the one she said she used
and her skin always looks amazing so I
bought it in the hope that one day I
wake up looking like Millie Mackintosh
please and the next thing I bought was
benefit arrays paste which I have
purchased twice before and I just love
it it's one of my holy grail concealers
it is very expensive though this is 19
pound 50 but I think it's totally worth
it because every time I've used this
I've literally scraped the barrel
because I love it so much I get it in
shade number one which is fair and I
apply it in the very very corners of my
eyes and just Pat it out so that's that
one benefit and on their website they
had like a deal where if you bought
something from benefit you've got a
church out tint sample for free and I've
not used this but I do like my oranges
and my peach shades so this looks
interesting I will certainly use that
another feel unique order that I made
afterwards um was because I was talking
to us day on Twitter which is a see
button and I'll leave her link in the
downbar because she's hilarious and you
have to watch her and you will love her
just as much as I do we were discussing
the quarterly elixir saying that we
weren't a massive fan of the smell and
there was one person that popped up
saying oh you might prefer the grape
spray I'm really sorry and I can't
remember what your Twitter name was but
thank you so much for recommending it I
went out bought it look at the size of
it it's huge compared to this and
they're the same price so you get an
awful lot more in here and they I've
used this a couple of times it's
definitely a lot different and I was
expecting this to be um kind of a
similar thing it does say it's soothing
and it says it's basically a
moisturizing spray and the reason that I
picked this up because I was complaining
about the scent of this is because this
is great water so
smells a lot nicer and it's a lot more
subtle when you don't really know to sit
on your face but it's not really the
same as the elixir in the fact that you
spray this on and it kind of sinks into
your skin
I accidentally keep spraying too much of
this on my face and it leaves with like
water droplets on me so I have to like
Pat them in because I look like I'm
sweating so yeah I'm going to sneeze no
not so I've been trying that out it's
nice on really hot days like today
because it's really refreshing that is
the quarterly great water soothing
moisturizing spray it says it's for
sensitive skin which is nice yeah I just
think this will be really nice in this
summer and for refreshing the next thing
I bought is also because of Estee she
was ranting and raving about this lip
balm which is by is it nukes nukes I
think that's how you pronounce it and
it's the Rev de miel lip balm for dry or
chapped lips it comes in quite a big
there's loads of it so it's kind of last
you ages and she basically just raved
about this and said that she loves it
and it's amazing and I definitely agree
with her
smells like Terry's chocolate orange mmm
if it was a bit more lemony than I might
have liked it but it is quite orange the
actual product and what it does mix it
for the smell that makes any sense so I
really really like that this is quite
random but I just thought I would show
you anyway because I found them to be
very very useful and I will repurchase
them all in Boots you today and I was in
like a really small rubbish one in one
of the towns near me and they didn't
have the proper and cotton wool pads
that I normally get which is like the
oval shape they're like that big and the
only ones they had were in the baby
section and they are the extra large
cotton wool pads left I found these to
be so much more useful like they are
this big look that in comparison to my
face if I was to be using a water
cleanser or cream cleanser which you put
onto the cotton pad and then wipe with
your face I've usually used two three or
even four cotton pads I always felt like
I was way
doing so many this you just need one and
it's still cotton wool and it's really
durable oh I say that I'm rip it
I don't know Mon straight um and I've
just family to be really useful and they
were the same price and you get the same
mat massive amount these are gonna last
me ages I would cheat a lot 250 lastly
things from ebay I kind of go through
phases where I like eBay and then phases
where I kind of leave it and ignore it
and recently I've been quite interested
in trying the bare minerals pure
transformation light treatment but if
you have ever research into this product
then you'll know that it's like 40 to 45
pounds for a tab which is a lot of money
and I'm a little apprehensive to spend
that much on something that I don't know
definitely work and I know that some
people are really worried about this
product and it kind of does make me want
to buy it because I love their minerals
I absolutely swear by their foundations
their bronzers their blushes everything
so I was really interested in this and
then I realized they had like smaller
jars so I went on eBay I just bid on one
that's a two gram jar so it's a lot
smaller just to try it out and see if I
like it and I won the auction so this is
it it was unused so I was the first
person use it I pulled off the seal etc
etc comes with a little brush dab it in
and you apply this before you go to bed
like a night treatment so it's really
kind of strange to get used to because
you're essentially applying makeup
before you go to bed
it doesn't transform to the pillow I've
not noticed anything different about my
skin yet but then I've not been using it
long enough to be able to notice
anything anyway so I will report back if
this is as good as everyone says in that
same auction lady was also selling a
bareMinerals prime time primer eyeshadow
base and so that came with it it's a
really really nice sort of champagne e
color actually I quite liked it it is a
bit bitty it's got quite a lot of
glitter in it but it looks pretty just
applied on its own I don't think it
hasn't oh it's called nude glow so I
like that that's nice that came with it
something completely random but it's
from eBay anyway so I just thought I'd
show you is this old-school
a Mickey and Minnie Mouse jumper I think
it's from the 80s
it looks very 80s just an oversized
jumper um and yeah although I wouldn't
wear it in this weather because it's
actually nice out today I just liked it
and it was like five pounds so I bought
it
who doesn't love Mickey and Minnie Mouse
just thought I'd look nice and winter
with leggings big chunky scarf I don't
know I like to buy childish things it
seems I like it though
okay I'm not everything in my little
haul oh that word that come from tuck
you away oh it's not that much but I
just thought I'd show you anyway and I
will report back if any of those things
I bought are any good I will see you
very soon bye hello you're on your own
alright I'm just filming a video some
stuff I bought brand yeah you're good
enough yeah huh unique record yes a
brand right oh my god
were you wearing sun cream ladies and
gentlemen my brother goes exceptionally
tanned from one day in the Sun you
should have put some cream on it that's
what so much everyone here I bought that
three quid from the shop you're wearing
factor 30 and you're that round I'm like
even look at me why don't I tell not
easily use it Joe do you have somewhat
like to save I'll put moisturizer on
today after Sun I've got after Sun
glabrous mother uh yeah can I give it to
you in a finish yeah drive born after
Shama yeah I would I would have a shower
first
GJ come here since you've been out in
the Sun all day how about a little
refreshing spray on your face wearing a
hat
we just what why don't you answer it
answer it
nice to see you to see you nice
