hi everyone so today is a wonderfully
sunny day and I am inviting you a video
I am going to do the high street /
drugstore foundation where is a high
street / drugstore because in America
you guys call it a drugstore and over
here we call it just high street shops
or pharmacies and so I just thought I
would address both so you know exactly
one booking I am typically somebody who
spends a little bit more on foundation
and I don't tend to shop for foundations
in say boots or super dry I think I'm
sort of stuck in the mindset but you get
what you pay for and I guess in a lot of
circumstance you do get what you pay for
but I wanted to try out some cheaper
alternatives and see if that was just a
load of old Tosh it went in to boots and
Superdrug this is me walking into boots
and Superdrug and I found it extremely
difficult to find foundations in my
shade the good thing about going to a
higher-end brand is that they'll match
you at the counter and they do all that
for you and if you're going to go to the
standalone makeup stands in boots or
super drug you're basically on your own
and you need to figure out which color
you're going to be or you buy I actually
kind of left there thinking I've
probably got all these foundations in
the wrong shade and if you're in America
that's fine because I'm pretty sure most
the time you can return your cosmetics
whereas here in the UK we cannot do that
at all in the end I just came up with
the nearest that I thought to my skin so
not a massive range rubbish lighting
rubbish mirrors never pump on the back
of your hand that doesn't help you need
to put it on your face but when there
are hardly any mirror
and nothing to wipe anything off your
hands is not fun experience I also just
want to quickly say as well that these
foundations that I've purchased were a
complete random choice possibly some of
the foundations I've seen were already
seen reviews on or things I've never
seen reviews on or ever heard anything
about so I just picked them up and I
didn't really know what to expect to be
on a skin type is combination to normal
I guess I have normal cheeks normal
forehead oily dry down the top of my
nose oily around the side mono is an
oily on my chin so that's the sort of
skin type of work on it um although this
is what I think of the foundations that
I'm sharing with you it doesn't
necessarily mean that it's going to work
for your skin type or that it's
something that you might be interested
in I've tried to cover like quite a
broad spectrum so I hope I've managed to
influence any purchases or help you in
some way anyway the first one that I
have is the Bourjois healthy mix serum
shade I have in this one is beige light
beige 53 I have tried the Bourjois
healthy mix foundation I absolutely
hated it it stuck to any dry patches of
skin on my face and I don't really have
particularly dry skin and it didn't last
very long a bit patchy so I didn't like
that one and then when they came up this
one I was quite intrigued to see if it
was similar or better this is a gel
foundation so it's a slightly different
formula the Mac Studio sculpt which I
absolutely love is also gel formula
though they are nothing alike it claims
that it lasts for 16 hours although I
know no foundations that lasts for 16
hours on my skin anyway I would say that
this foundation offers a light to medium
coverage it is nowhere near heavy in
fact I'd say it's probably more on the
light side like I would possibly advise
that you buy this if you have already
have quite nice skin or you
got no blemishes or you prefer something
a lot lighter I tend to wear this on
good skin days it does look really
healthy because it gives you a sort of
jewy finish I possibly wouldn't advise
you get this if you have mega oily skin
i would definitely say this is good for
dry skins and if you have quite clear
skin in the first place this foundation
is available in boots and Superdrug and
it is $10.99 which is kind of on the
higher end of the scale I guess so I'm
going to give this foundation a two
point five out of five which is midway
point because I still think it's quite
nice it just didn't really do it for me
I guess I was expecting a lot more of it
and I was a little bit disappointed so
two point five one next one is the
Rimmel waking up foundation which I
mentioned in my April favorites and I'm
actually wearing that now and I am in
shade where is it 1:03 true ivory first
thing you'll notice is a nice bright lid
I actually really like the packaging of
this foundation it's glass as well which
just makes it feel a bit more expensive
it claims to have an anti fatigue effect
and a radiant glow and I hundreds don't
agree with that I think it really really
does instantly makes you look more awake
and it does have a very light shimmer in
it but not where you can see it on your
face or in the bottle even like you
can't even see in the bottle it's just
very very subtle but I think that really
helps make you look more healthy and
dewy and so it has a medium coverage but
it is buildable so if you weren't happy
with you know one coat you can always go
on again and it does build up another
thing I really like about this which is
quite random is that it smells really
nice it smells really fruity I'm not
gonna sink with ambition Bowl that's a
bit strange it smells really fruity so
it's kind of nice to put it on just
sniff I find this foundation to actually
be quite long-lasting um I put on in the
morning and I'd say by about like 6:00
p.m. I'm thinking oh gosh I've still got
my foundation on I need to take that off
and the only area on my face where it
kind of disappears is my chin because
that's the earliest part of my face but
that's it really
I think that's only because it has quite
a nice Jewish Giulia effect because of
its anti fatigue and radiant glow I
don't know that I would advise anyone
with really oily skin to buy this purely
because it does give you a glow on your
skin and if I find myself needing to
powder my chin which is the earliest
part of my face which isn't even that
oily then you might not like this I know
that people with oily skin tend to want
to wear a matte foundation to sort of
combat the aureus or balance out it's
not too jewy it's a nice amount dewy but
like I said if you're the sort of person
that tries to avoid that I wouldn't go
for this it retails for $8.99 and that's
in both Superdrug and Boots out of five
I'm going to give this a four out of
five because I actually really really
really like this so the next one is from
the brand seventeen which is available
in boots made I picked up in this
foundation is a soft ivory kind of cheap
plastic key I dropped it sort of cheap
plastic EU packaging packaging doesn't
rock my boat although one thing I do
like about it is that as you pump up the
foundation this plastic thing goes up
with it so you can see how much you have
left which is slightly different to say
this one which is just in a glass bottle
which you don't really ever know when
it's going to run out and you probably
won't get the product at the bottom
whereas with this you probably well this
one again is an anti-fatigue I tend to
go in for anti fatigue that bear
feathers over there I tend to go for
anti fatigue foundations because I know
that they're going to make my skin look
more awake I definitely prefer to wear a
jury found a ssin because I always think
that my skin looks a little bit
lackluster and a bit dull so anything to
make it appear brighter more healthy
then I'll go for it
this was 6 pounds 29 strange price but
that's how much it was which is
definitely the cheapest one out of all
of the ones I'm reviewing please
surprisingly very long-lasting and it
does give me a Joey finish and it has a
very good coverage I'd say it's medium
coverage but again it's buildable and
this is actually very similar to my
studio sculpt as the same
or consistency it gives me the same
effect on the skin is probably not as
long lasting as the other foundations
I've just mentioned but it works and it
goes on nice and it blends really easily
and yeah I didn't really have much of a
problem with this I actually kind of
liked it I guess it's probably the least
jewy out of the two I've previously
mentioned and you could set it with
powder and would probably fine but yeah
I really really liked that so that's 17
hide and chic
the next one is another bourgeois one
it's the bourgeois one-two-three perfect
and this one is supposed to cancel out
correct any imperfecta ng pigment so
there's a pigment in here that corrects
anti dark circles a yellow pigment a
mode pigment for dull complexion and a
green pigment for anti redness I didn't
notice that it did anything different
from any other foundations in terms of
sorting out those three things it had
did have quite a good coverage and it
was quite matte which is probably the
reason that I didn't really like it
so if you do have all your skins this is
a good one for you it wasn't matte matte
like really matte it was just a lot more
matte than I'm used to
and like all bourgeois foundations went
kind of patchy on my skin after a while
like wear my blusher was on top wear my
bronzer was all sort of disconnected and
looked a bit messy but then that could
be just because I'm not used to wearing
this sort of foundation which has a lot
more of a matte finish um and it
possibly may have dried out my skin a
little so I don't really recommend this
for dry skin at all but if you are more
on oily side then I would definitely
recommend giving that go because besides
the fact that didn't suit my skin it did
have a really good coverage and it went
on nicely and like all bourgeois
foundations a nice color range and easy
to map I'm the shade vanilla 52 in this
one the price for the bourgeois one two
three perfect is $10.99 and that's in
both boots and Superdrug
because I didn't get on with this one as
well as the others I'm going to give
that one a one out of five last but not
least is possibly my favorite find out
of all the foundations and which is up
there with the Rimmel wake me up and
that is the mimimi flawless cream
foundation which again is in a little
pump or I'll just quickly say that all
they all have a pump inciteful is a
minimally flawless foundation
um I quite like the packaging everything
that kind of disappointed me was that it
was plastic and not glass because this
was the most expensive out of all of
them mimimi is available in super drug
not boots um and they don't have very
money I think there was three shades of
this again really difficult to find your
shade but I picked up beige blush which
was owed to and yeah I would have liked
this to be glass because and I think it
would have just kind of justified the
price slightly I paid 12 pound 50 for
this this is marketed as a cream
foundation rather than a liquid
foundation which i think is why i love
it so much because it has a much thicker
consistency so that it's a lot more like
my Mac Studio sculpt and in fact this is
probably the closest match I've ever
found to Mac Studio sculpt it's so so
similar where it says flawless cream
foundation I totally agree with that
the minute you buff this into your skin
your skin just looks flawless it's a
cliche but it's true it's so so easy to
blend um you aren't left trying to cover
streaks or anything it just goes in so
so quickly so easily and it does make
your skin look flawless again it leaves
me with a nice chewy healthy effect I
wouldn't say it's only juhi I'd say it's
a nice medium I would actually say that
this foundation is good for all skin
types I don't see why it would ever feel
any like greasy on the skin because this
one really really doesn't it's a nice
medium I think this one also smells
really nice it smells kind of vanilla II
like a very creamy vanilla read smell
and I really like it a bit strange that
I'm saying what they smell like
but you have to put it on your face so
it has to smell okay I just really like
this this was kind of like a hidden
treasure because I picked up thinking um
didn't even know me Mimi did foundations
but yeah they do and this one's actually
really really good so I really like that
and I will be repurchasing this one when
it runs out I think I will give this one
a 4 out of 5 because like the Rimmel
wake me up I really like this and
those are the two of all of them I would
definitely repurchase so I'm glad that I
found these and I now have them in my
life that sounds really sad because
we're talking about foundations I'm just
pleased I found them they're good
that is five of the foundations that
I've tried and tested you do actually
have more but I want to review for you I
have four which I'm currently trying and
I will find another one to make it
another five and then it will be ten
overall so I'll do this in two parts so
technically you have just watched the
first part and if you enjoyed it then
let me know and I'll do the second part
if you really really hated it then I'm
sure that you didn't even get this far
so that doesn't even matter for watching
and I'll see you very soon
high-paid what you have what you another
this one a five not five so this is
marketed as a cream rather than a
foundation what what some ideas I won't
