not this dances hi everyone hello me
again I'm here with Louise and today we
have a slightly different video for you
and I went at this dear friend this
means different so find a shop got in
touch and said would we like to have a
play with some of their new collection
which is the limited edition Lily Cole
collection and it's their cruelty
cruelty free makeup Fletcher I don't
it's kind of you know the body trust
exhaust is all about you know not
testing on animals and like being good
to the plant and all that kind of thing
well this kind of celebrates it and also
they made it really girly hello look at
the packaging like puffs and balls in
fear instead of us just holding things
up and just saying you know or we like
this we like this we thought it would be
nice for me to actually put the makeup
on Louise so you can see us using it and
although we do you know we mess around
and we do silly tutorials like 500 main
real face sweets we do actually enjoy to
do normal makeup so I've done this
beautiful look on Louise um which you
can continue to watch now so to begin
I'm going to inject a little bit of
radiance into Louise's face not that she
needs any she is gorgeous as it is I'm
not sure I like put makeup on good so
the first thing I'm going to use is the
pearl radiance primer okay so I'm just
going to do a few pumps of this on
Louise's face just to prime it before
foundation
like that pretty anyway for using that
the next thing I'm going to do is pop it
a foundation on for you I feel naked
okay the next thing I'm going to do is
apply a tiny bit of concealer under
Louise's eyes not that she's Haggard or
I feel happy and maybe just cancel out a
little bit of the redness on my cheeks
but nothing too much
chin and we done a little
I'm just going to put a tiny bit
concealer up to primary eyelids as well
okay we're going to quick zoom in so
that you can see what I'm doing with the
eyes and the eyebrows here the Oboro
okay so I'm just going to use an eyebrow
pencil and I'm just going to do the iris
you could just turn this with me think
we're going to use the Lily Cole
limited-edition shimmer cubes which come
in this nifty little Osho than what I
wanted to show you can take them out and
they can be individual ones and they
have little lids so if you just wanted
to take literally like one out in your
bag or clutch bag or something I might
out you could open a perfect the three
colors that I'm going to use are this
light pink dark pink and this one for
the crease
you
I'm now going to pop on the e-liquid
eyeliner which is this one here and if
you have green eyes then purple works
really well because it kind of clashes
that makes your eye color like Moonies
stand out
okay next is the mascara
so this is the eyes finished if your
shut your eyes for me madam thank you
very much turn your head pretty I really
like it okay for the next two products
for one of the most exciting things for
us from this limited-edition collection
and that is these cute little cheek and
lip domes think I might do a little bit
of both actually
yeah I've mixed them because I quite
like the pink but I also really like
this coral color because you know I'm
all for my corals she likes a bit of
orange
just to finish off the face before we
move on to the lips um this actually
really excited me this excites me the
most it's so cute
what is actually called it's called puff
on radiance Oh perform radiance like so
you twist off the lid like that comes
with a cute little puff thing with a bow
on it and then you've got all the
radiance beads
now we finished the beautiful face we're
going to do some lippies this one called
go play high shine a lip treatment oh
there are treatment that's cool
I thought they were just a lip gloss
there's four of these but I think we're
both in agreement this is our favorite
so I'm going to pop this on you now
last night mmm smells fruity like you
know you go abroad and you have like
various fruits do you eat fruit Nordia
well done
thanks very much it's okay you look
pretty thank you
so I hope you enjoyed that little
tutorial that was really fun to make
that salute once we should do more like
yeah we should and if any of you are
interested in you know taking a closer
look at any of the products and I will
leave all the links below for you to go
and have a little look that's us over
we're done over and out ready for
analysis for watching
