today I am going to do something for you
which is probably one of my most
requested videos ever even since I first
started blogging which was three years
ago I've been asked this question over
and over and over again and that is how
do you do your messy top knot but I'm
now going to show you how I do this
there's no real right or wrong way to do
this as you will see in a moment it's
all very trial and error and try and
adapt it if you can if you've got
shorter hair or maybe if you've got
really really curly hair and there's
always going to be a way for you to do
this when I do this it never looks the
same as the time before it's so
different in fact I've never done a bun
that's been identical to one I've don't
want to do first is make sure that you
have brushed through it because I find
it a lot easier to put it up once it's
been brushed through however if you have
thinner hair or shorter hair and you get
a lot more volume and texture from it
not being brushed then I would leave it
as it so I find that this works best
when my hair is one to two days old as
in I've not washed it for one to two
days because it has a lot more structure
it's easier to style and it's just not
so limp and you know what conditioner
what condition is like it sort of makes
your hair very very shiny and a little
bit difficult to wear right okay so the
first thing you will need is a hair tie
this is literally just your standard
Primark hairband this is the interesting
part now I don't even know how I'm going
to be able to film this because I now
need to turn my hair upside down so a
bear with me one moment while I tip my
head upside down and try and attempt to
show you how I put my hand
so now we have something that looks like
this which is a very messy large bun and
if you don't have a fringe then when you
scoop your hair back up into your head
or even if you do have a fringe but you
don't want the fringe to come out when
you scoop your hair up into the hair
tight just scoop your fringe up with it
and then afterwards if you decide that
you do want your fringe out just pull
bits out now now is the time to pull
bits out I actually don't have a mirror
so I'm finding I'm having to use a
viewfinder so I'm really sorry if me
staring in the fair finder is irritating
to you okay so now what you want is
another hairband if you have as much
hair as me if you don't have as much
hair as me you could probably stop here
and skip on to step 3 but step 2
get another hairband if you have long
hair or if you are not happy with the
bun because it looks like a dog turd on
number 2 before putting this in make
some sort of shape with it like see
where you want to go with this because
this kind of dictates the final shape
slightly hey once you've done that and
you sort of have a bun transforming you
want to grab yourself lots and lots of
bobby pins or hair grips as I like to
call them I have a little pot here which
is full of them and then you literally
just want to I'm just trying to make
sure you can see take them and secure
them into the bun making it look a lot
more like a bun
doesn't even matter if you use lots and
lots of pins if you have brown hair by
brown hair grips if you have blond hair
get the gold ones um I you can't really
see the pins when I put them in my hair
because they're brown and some of the
time I do put quite a lot in oh they're
really coming up they don't want to stay
today because I've just washed my hair
I'm going against my own advice
once you're happy with the amount of
hair that's in the burn the bun shape
and you've pinned bits in that you
aren't happy with and this is the part
where you pull at your hair literally
just pull their hair grip is almost a
pull up here pull around here pull the
back and that bits come out of it more
than I wanted it to so I'll pin that
back up pull bits out you don't have to
pull these out you can keep these bits
in or you can tie your fringe back
sometimes I do that I just roll it back
tie it up like oh that is my messy bun
done as you can see that literally took
me no time at all easy peasy
you could also tie a hairband or pop a
hairband on which I will do for you now
just to demonstrate for a hair tie you
can either use a a heads got a neck
scarf even which I fold in half so it's
like that let's fold it again so it's
like that and then just keep folding it
until it's really thin and you've got no
corners so it looks like that I then go
underneath bring it up and just tie it
in a knot and then a little bow kind of
look like a little washer woman but I do
do this sometimes because I just think
it's so easy like that took me seconds
so there's that option another option is
to wear like a thin floral headband this
is the one I have it's just got some
daisies on it this was from Primark I
think and it's just literally as simple
as that those are the couple of options
that you could use to dress up your bun
if you will you can also clip hair bands
or maybe a flower you could do anything
really it's kind of effortlessly chic I
think
okay so a brief rundown of the different
stages stage one for step one is to
brush your hair if you have long or
thick hair but if you have thin hair or
not a lot of hair then possibly you know
giving it some volume or scratching it
or back combing it a little bit keeping
it kind of messy will give it more
volume your head upside down you always
always always have to tip your head
upside down I don't I don't think I've
ever managed to achieve this from being
upright and that's I'm so weird and it
looks so unglamorous and undignified
um but that is how I've done it it gives
you more volume it gives you better
positioning on top of the head it just
makes everything ten times easier looks
ten times weirder but it works
after you've got the position and just
wrap it round grub anyway you can twist
it and then grab your hair bubble and
secure it in place
because I've got longer hair thicker
hair I have to have two hair bands hold
it in place so once I put the first hair
band in I'll then sort of create more a
shape put the second hair band in that
even might be a finishing spot for you
and personally I find putting hair grips
in anywhere that I can just to make it
look a better shape or to secure bits
down if I've got a bit sticking out or a
bit that's sort of coming out too far
I'll take it and I'll pin it in but also
the pins I find help secure and then
finally is to pull out any other bits
that you want to pull out or if you've
not yet pulled your fringe up or your
fringe out and then to just tug very
very lightly around your head just to
give it more volume the final final
stage um just because it is messy and
you don't want it to end up down here
all bits coming out everywhere is -
hairspray this hairspray is vo5 ultimate
hold with a resistant hairspray
I wouldn't recommend this this is
rubbish but this is the only one I have
because this is what happens when I send
my brother out to buy me some hairspray
all over and you're done
oh I hope you found this helpful and
know in the comments if you've managed
to do it and it's been a success for you
thanks for watching guys ah
