hello I did a vlog of my week at
Louise's and I recently uploaded that to
YouTube and you will quite liked it so
I'm going there today it's her birthday
on Saturday oh I'm going to be more
madness it's a birthday on Saturday so
I'm going up to see her and we've got
something planned that we need to launch
which is quite exciting and you will
find out more about that I guess I can
see in this video I've created a secret
birthday video which you have already
watched before you watch this but Louise
has no idea I'm making it so I'm quite
excited for her to watch that because
originally I wasn't actually going to be
there for her birthday
and now I get to watch her watch it
which actually obviously was just rained
oh you might be able to tell if I might
I've cut my hair I've cut my fringe back
because well I had a moment of madness
with the scissors and I got a bit snip
happy and I just thought I'm bored of my
long fringe and cut my fringe back it's
actually a bit rain ruined I just went
and bought some road and road trip
essentials and also bought birthday
essential mmm
these look amazing chocolate buttercream
cupcakes and a big happy birthday
chocolate cake for Louise and look at
the state of my car look that's why our
boyfriend puts his feet up nor to set
off now two and a half hour journey
let's go yes perfect
hey perfect perfect
good not doing it oh oh make sure my
name is Zoe
Darcy hi hi hi is that your impression
of a monkey come on then
what's both hands holding that's wet by
the way it's okay okay okay okay hi can
you say hi it's equally gosh say only go
say hello hi YouTube or eNOS ah I
thought Aloha okay ya know say aloha ah
almost Oh
so as you can see I have arrived at
Louise's house yay
I was going to vlog yesterday but I
didn't really feel too well and we
obviously had a little shop launch which
I've already uploaded video on which is
going fantastically well we didn't
realize so many of you would be so
interested in them but look this is the
first batch them and look at the bright
pink envelopes how exciting hi hi so
glamorous I'm a glamorous beauty blogger
that's me Oh can't with that audience
birthday girl where are we going um well
we're gonna go all the way to fleurs
which is quite a way away and then we're
gonna have a few drinks and a bit of a
birthday celebration what are we doing
first you've made me a surprise I have
and we're just about to watch it I'm
going to vlog Louise watching some of it
Oh golly bangbang which is what I call
you without an arrest
oh go easy I happy oh yeah Charlie do
you today great day amazing day yes my
daughter wishes and everything's dear I
know it's funny yeah listen I'm really
just toilet alive boy enjoy yourself I
guess right now yeah happy but oh hey um
Chelsea fix my face so Joey David - I'm
gonna say 25 forever
just a quick oh this is my cat now oh I
look so cute hi Louise
I'm not calling everybody in you cheap
land you really deserve to be happy
yourself I'm sweet good he take to my
eyebrows I've watched it millions the
time
this is a lot I can't take it anymore
not to you I'm fast i doing
a the shoes are not I know I I do what
is my tribute little carries Johnny
please you don't mind if I make a
machine
no should you get the entire YouTube
world
I do like cheese I'm polish and sneer
not together award you are
do you want a show okay no she doesn't
on it nice wallpaper day to wonder cause
you are that's for this whole thing onto
everyone knows I'm appreciated
everything closer happy villosa yeah
happy birthday
I like Halloween you know happy - tight
though that's alright I just I knew it
up have you back baby got every okay
sorry
please that's wish it a very you did
your research absolutely
I hope you liked it do baby do hot
handle of this day in the world it was
hey I only is happy birthday you can see
I'm wearing some kind of cake related
members because they liked it so much
birthday
you're my favorite a are you - you know
happy birthday come to me that's a
pretty good day
george w bush by side like hell it's got
big beautiful woman little private jakey
that the end yeah did you like it
Jesus look good the corporate words I'll
just do this I'm just hit submission now
accompany its Oh dad come on Oh to say
sorry everybody that did little messages
I'll watch that again and again whatever
when I'm feeling vain I know what I mean
what I want to feel like oh the special
oh no what's that and thank you
everybody like real live people like
Carrie to me aunty Anna and Marie bits
of hits and all the English everybody
loved it
okay don't let me be more on we are at
fleurs house that's good and here's
delese this is my birthday Pope this is
my birthday fail nice mmm
this is a mint icing and I'm not
actually like icing I don't eat icing
yeah I don't like my own wedding cake
you didn't eat the icing and you know
she mo indicate but this is actually a
really good cake so well done Fleur
if I get from waitress yeah shout Fleur
de force blurred a good cake doesn't
quite have the same ring to it does it
quite no I don't flirt pause that's a
new channel right there good pork sale
and you can look forward to 30 cake
where Flo will make lots of videos about
me
no flirting dude doosh doosh
apparently it just means flower of the
shower but a bit like a food yeah dish
me dude so he's correct
that somebody once called me a douche
should I put in it I'm not sure this is
really YouTube appropriate dude that's
douche bag
I think that's douche bag and I think
douche just means that lady parts
is that not correct yeah there's no lady
oh yeah what is a douche in the nicest
possible way you can explain it she's
good she's our general your peasant or
sometimes I'm like she's my key I'm sure
she would overcome death once okay now
says she wouldn't move she did not move
no oh no that has dead and when she dies
I'm having a proper funeral I've chosen
the orchard and everything
can we come if everyone's coming and
live with a web blast they're gonna wear
black and we're going to throw flowers
on her little grave we're all going to
say a special memory that we have with
her that's not morbid at all
the day after the night before
happy birthday Louise oh how are you
feeling today she is dressed she just
can't face the day I've I've abandoned
what I've spent watching your video oh
yeah
and then Murray bits and Clips this
video which was trans nice as well I do
want to little thrall Texas and Kitty
girl and I feel a bit delicate I'm
blaming Fleur Fleur de Champagne debate
to she delivered me make me get drunk
not drunk Mary so many eventful things
happened just some funny memories laugh
expect all of you Shay all were like
hanging ups
oh gosh yeah we went back to Flair's
didn't we we just like start chatting
until 3:30 and then decided that
probably would be a good time to come
home yeah like which way are they right
left left straight on Oh backwards today
I surround pictures I opened
hey my baby okay okay
and now me a baby I'm going to cuddle
goodnight so shall we end the vlog here
then yes we're great on you back in two
days anyway yeah you'll see me again
very soon
Wow does he wait wave em requests go on
then
does anyone have the leper software for
what oh yeah okay email address for
Louise in the downbar if you have snow
leopard software oh no just leopard just
leopard should I do my mouth like I'm
desperate face yeah I won't get to place
but this is the desperate face of Louise
after the leopard mac software we just
can't find it anywhere come way probably
on YouTube like no makeup tan on my neck
no time I think it's like hair just I
went to bed with it Oh what have become
of me is your birthday d turn celebrate
it's lovely I look like crap it for why
miss thing I'm doing again yeah you do
okay
by
