hello everybody I'll actually let me
keep my mic plugged in because I've done
that before and that's a bloody ball
like hi so in today's video I thought it
would be nice - oh god it's given a
videos where the Sun comes in goes away
again gonna drive me crazy why are you
doing this no okay it's going no it's
not it nothing wrong ago I did a video
called questions have never answered or
something like that
and you guys loved it I love filming it
and I did say I was going to do a part
two to get more part two time first
question is from Rebecca who said would
you still be youtuber if it wasn't your
job and you didn't get paid for it and
the answer to that question is very
simply yes I would still be making
videos if it wasn't my job I wouldn't
get paid because for a really long time
that is what I did it for I have
previous jobs whilst I started doing
YouTube and I was getting paid no money
for YouTube at all and I still enjoyed
it just as much as I enjoy it now so I
know for sure if they took away any
chance of making money from views or I
don't know I lost 11 million subscribers
I would still make videos because I
still really enjoy it the fact that I'm
able to make money from it is a huge
huge bonus but that's not what drives me
to make videos just says if you had gone
to uni what would you have studied this
was a little bit difficult because I was
a very lost
teen I did not know what I wanted to do
there was a lot of areas I enjoyed in
school and there were a lot of subjects
that I liked ie photography art and
textiles I felt a bit lost because the
things I enjoyed very creative and I
didn't feel as though I knew the
different pathways I could go with those
creative kind of loves of mine it was
almost like okay
like textiles does that mean I have to
be a fashion designer if I like
photography I have to be a photographer
I guess that could just been my lack of
research or possibly just lack of career
advice in school I'm not really sure I
just personally felt very lost being a
creative person and not knowing exactly
what I wanted to do within those
creative fields I did actually go to a
couple of interviews for with it up or
textiles I feel like it was art I can't
actually remember maybe it was textiles
I think it was fashion design or
something and I went to the interviews
and it was actually any interview that I
realized I didn't want to do fashion
design basically in the interview they
were like tell us why you would be great
here and why you are so passionate about
this I struggled and I was like I don't
really know if I am I just feel like
I've been like cornered into this
direction and that was like the biggest
opener because in that interview I
realized a uni was not for me and B I
didn't know what I wanted to do which
was one of the biggest reasons uni
wasn't for me because I was like if I
don't know what I want to do there's no
point going to uni and racking up like a
huge student loans that I will need to
pay off in the career I have no idea
what what is going to be so to answer
your question Jeff I don't know if I
continue what I would have studied
because I never really got to that point
I thought I did but isn't things I do
enjoy are interior design which I did go
on to an apprenticeship with instead of
going to uni alright it would have
definitely been a creative subject I
just wish I had researched more into
different areas of both creative
subjects oh no there's someone at the
bloody door so in a QA Charlie said do
you feel that sometimes you want to live
a life without YouTube and Fame or
otherwise
the really short answer to this is yes
sometimes I would like to live that life
but so deep and complex and the Sun is
so bright damn it like I said in my
other video if this is such a strange
topic I was actually talking to my
friend about this the other day and I
feel ungrateful ever saying I don't
enjoy the perks that have come with what
I do it makes me feel ungrateful and I
can't help that and I know there will be
so many people that say of course you're
allowed to have days where you don't
enjoy being stopped or of course your
ads have days are you if people turn up
at your house and ask for selfies and
like of course you're allowed to feel
those things because you never knew they
would happen to you but I still hate
saying them out of my mouth I hate
people thinking I'm ungrateful because I
am eternally grateful for everything
that has come out of doing this but of
course I would be lying if I did not say
that sometimes I wish it was slightly
different I don't know if I'm having
like an off day and I just wish my life
was different for that day or something
happens and I'm like this is a result of
what I do I wish that didn't happen but
of course I would never change anything
I would never change how this journey
has happened or any of the like
amazingly positive happy experiences and
things have been able to do but of
course there are days where I struggle
with it
and yeah a couple of years ago I
actually very nearly stopped like
altogether stopped I don't think anyone
would have guessed it because I still
flogged and I wasn't logging I was
probably an hour be flogged to see films
every day and I really struggled like
really really struggled
it was the lowest point yes like one of
the lowest points my entire life and it
wasn't about this whole thing it was
more about me not feeling like I could
handle it all that I was worthy of it or
and like the pressure of everything just
got so much like I was put on this
pedestal and reminded daily that I was a
role model and you shouldn't do that and
you should be saying this and you should
do that and all those things can feel so
suffocating that I nearly stopped I was
just like in fact my manager was like
it's your call
do you want to pull the plug and I was
like I need to think about it and that
crazy to me that I was that close to
stopping this because I wanted to just
be Zoe I think in that moment I got so
suffocated by everything that was going
on and you know I'm I really cut out for
this
like I'm quite a I'm a small girl from a
little village and all of a sudden it's
just like wow this is a lot and I said
no to everything I didn't want to do
anything anymore and I kind of like
retreated a bit and that wasn't that was
hard because I love doing this so much
but it would like the more I was doing
it the more followers I got the more
everything - more and more and more and
I was like I genuinely just woke up and
was like I don't want to have this may
subscribers I want to go back to having
like 1 million 1 million was such a
comfy cozy like that's also ridiculous
because to some people they could only
ever dream of having a million
subscribers but it was like I was my
subscribers are growing and growing
growing and that terrified me because I
was like if my life is already a little
bit more crazy than I can handle
at this many what's it going to be like
if it's carried on growing and I would
just be like I just wish I had a million
again like I just want like a safe
number um
obviously now my my head space is
completely different but yeah I don't
anyone to like to judge me for that
because I remember so many people that's
like oh it's not hard it's not hard and
yes always going to be people that think
how can you have felt like that you know
like and I get that and there's nothing
you can say to those people because they
will always think that way but if you
were living as me through that time I
think that's the only way you could have
ever known what it was really like I
don't even think like my friends and
family really knew because it was all in
my head was one really cool thing that
did come out of that though was that I
when I was at this point where I was
struggling with the like Fame stuff I
hate the word Fame and like famous but
when I was struggling with that stuff um
Cameron Diaz actually Skyped me hey I'm
just filming and that is something I've
never shared before but it was such a
huge help she Skyped me for like an hour
and a half and we just talked and she
like coached me she basically gave me
the best tips that I have carried with
me in order to get back to a good place
I think and also just to put some
perspective on it all like it is weird
being well-known it's weird it's not
something that you can learn anywhere so
to have her give up some of her time to
speak to me meant the world to me and
she is honestly one of just the
loveliest people in the world and now I
am much more confident I'm much more
happy and much more settled I feel like
my mind haven't quite caught up with the
speed everything was happening but now I
feel like I'm there we're matched and
I've learned not to really care anymore
you know it's my life I can choose to
live it how I want to live it if you're
another content creator and you're
struggling with like being stopped in
the street or like being well-known
hit me up because I actually have learnt
a lot of thing does that make me sound
really like bit headed I don't think so
I think I've just like experienced it so
I could share my like I can share my
journey I guess and that might help
other people because just like Cameron
did with me I feel like I might be would
help other people if they were
experiencing that also I don't know I
think it's nice to share that experience
and knowledge because it's not something
you can really Google that was a really
long answer I'm sorry Whitney said
what's your blood type
do you know I don't know should you know
what your blood type is mum dad she want
to protect it I probably should know
that I'm just filming the Q&A ah I've
had the most amount of distractions in
this video all right so you just trying
to yourself my what do I ever just fit
in trust myself adoring Jasper said do
you ever regret doing things off YouTube
like books speech protocol etc have you
ever felt that you've lost focus on
YouTube I do not regret doing those
things because some of those things have
been the most exciting big projects it's
quite nice to have things to work on
like ongoing things to work on with like
deadlines and big like releases and
things that I'm able to also share with
people offline do you know I mean I
quite like that there's that difference
you know you bought the online thing and
then you've got little pieces of you
that you're able to share with other
people and I really like that aspect
those things are great because you have
to be on the ball and I think those
things have given me more experience and
knowledge of owning a business I think
those things have been read fulfilling
for like my mid-20s so I've enjoyed that
and I've enjoyed kind of more of the
like running business side of things and
like
how different that is to sitting down
and making a video but I don't think
it's ever made me lose focus of YouTube
YouTube is always like my fun kind of
thing I enjoy this but this doesn't feel
like work to me sitting down so in this
video for you guys does not feel like
work it doesn't feel like a business
venture it's just fun but it does mean
sometimes my schedule is crazier because
I have other things we were working on
and those things take up a lot more time
than I ever thought they would and that
might mean there's like less logs
sometimes or more logs in some cases
because I get to like film those things
and share them with you but I think
finding a balance is quite difficult but
I love doing all of it so that's the
only route finding a balance was the
only option
how does Alfie help you through your
anxiety and if you had any exes who are
exceptionally supportive or dismissive
of your anxiety and that was by
circulant I'll be very supportive with
my anxiety thank goodness but I have
have exes who were not at all and that
is very difficult I think having
something like anxiety is always
difficult for someone who you are the
closest with whether that is a friend or
a family member or your partner it's
always hard on them because they're the
ones that see it at its worst and they
can't do anything apart from show their
support in a way that you would like
them to you can give them helpful advice
on what they can do to help you which is
something I never did before I just
thought well they should know how to
help and it's like all my would day
unless they actually have anxiety
themselves and in a lot of cases anxiety
is so different for everyone there will
be no one that experiences my anxiety
exactly how I experience it anywhere
else in the world it will always be
slightly different it might be about the
same thing but it will vary and so how
can you ever expect someone else to know
actually what to do unless you tell them
I think if someone genuinely care about
you they will want to do anything they
can to help you and that's the
difference between Alfie and some of my
eggs I think it was a hindrance for some
it was annoying it was like all right
why have you left the pump I don't
understand why why can't you come with
me to this and it's for some people is
very hard to grasp and that's just a
general thing with mental health some
people just can't understand mental
health or they can't understand why
anyone would feel that way which I think
must be a lovely position to be in
because it means they've never
experienced it in any form and that's
great but I think it is important for
people to open their minds slightly I
think and be a little more empathetic
sympathetic towards how other people
might struggle with something sometimes
and generally speaking everyone around
me now is a very supportive I've got mr.
Cole who's that from how do you actually
deal with things like bitchy people etc
like how do you go about rising above it
I actually did see Louise tweet a quote
which is one of my favorite quotes I
have seen it somewhere before but she's
reminded me because she literally
tweeted it yesterday and I feel like
this is the best thing to reply to this
I'm not going to lie it took me a good
five years to not care about what people
said about me
and it's human nature to see one
horrible thing that's been said about
you and to really think about that but
you just have to focus on the positive
and I know I sort of stopped caring
about what people said but I can read it
and it just it doesn't like it doesn't
affect me in the same way because I'm so
aware there are so many people in this
world and so many different
life manuals which is something my
therapist actually told me about the
everyone's have a different life manual
and we all and in our life manuals and
things we have grown up knowing things
we've experienced religions certain
opinions on things and everyone's is
different and sometimes you're going to
meet someone who has such a different
manual to you that it's like you it
doesn't even come like compute you're
just like hair but that's because that's
them speaking from what they know I
thought I dunno that's really helped me
because it doesn't mean that evil people
it doesn't mean they're horrible
it just means they think differently to
you and that's not necessarily awful
it's just that's the way their mind work
and actually I don't know them and I'm
never going to meet them and they don't
know me really they've seen my videos
maybe or they've watched one or they've
seen a tweet and they've made a
judgement but they don't really know me
and therefore I don't attach that same
feelings towards a negative tweet or
comment anymore I don't know it's the
nicest thing it's like we make against
the tide for so long and then all of a
sudden Sun comes out and the sea is calm
and you're like oh that's weird I just
don't care anymore the quote is Lions
don't lose sleep over the opinions of
sheep and I love that because you're a
lion and those people saying things
about you that don't know you or you
know don't matter or sheep and that's
what you have to remember I like this
one Georgia said have you ever been
attacked by a farm no thankfully
everyone I've ever met has been super
lovely Caroline said if you could ask
neither one question and she would
answer what would it be oh good question
I
no idea do you love me or Alfie more
Shawna said have hi Shawna I've actually
met Shauna before there's there's one
fan that was lovely to me have you ever
wanted to make different content but
held back because of your younger
viewers I love this question because
everyone has this not everyone I say
everyone is not mostly media and some
people I think have this real
misconception that my audience is all
very young but it's not it's actually
not my core audience is 1824 by quite a
big chunk I think it can appear younger
because most comment to the younger are
people that use Twitter the most are
younger me Cup events book signings are
mostly the younger audience and I guess
people that buy merch are mostly young I
think the younger ones make the most
noise I think that's what I'm trying to
say but my core audience is 18 to 24 so
with that in mind I'm so aware that my
audience ranges from as young as like
seven which is crazy young to like
people my mum vaishu I know watch my
videos or people I've met in the street
you have their own children who love
watching my video so it's it's too much
of a broad spectrum for me to think
about it when I make these videos I do
not think about who is watching them in
regards to age I think it becomes too
difficult when you start thinking about
the exact individual that could be
watching and I feel like that could
really change who you are
and I've never wanted to do that so any
video I ever make I'm making it because
I want to make it I'm saying the things
I want to say because I want to say them
the only thing I do do is beep swear
words because a because I know my mum
doesn't like it I swear and be because
I'm aware that there are younger people
I wouldn't take the swear word out
I wouldn't remove the fact I swore I
would beep it just in case
although the occasional one does slip
through some - no documentary film a
documentary I think so in short to
answer your question no nothing I ever
do is thinking of a certain age
everything I do I do because I want to
do it and I'm happy with every decision
I make and I think it would be weird I
would personally find it really weird to
think too much about a certain age I
think it would it would play on my mind
I would change how I would want to say
things but I'm so happy with everything
I ever upload anything I ever put on a
shelf everything I do I love I do it
because I want to do it I don't do it
with anyone specific in mind
Karina said why are your earning such a
secret I think in all walks of life
people don't really talk about the money
they earn in that like kind of openness
but also I feel like it's no secret that
youtubers can earn good money but it
would be wrong of me to ever state how
much because then for someone else you
might want to keep it a bit more private
it kind of gives it away I would never
want to be like here's what I last year
because a it just why would I why would
you need to and be because there could
be someone else of a similar size to my
channel who might not want anyone to
know and it's by me revealing that I'm
then sort of revealing what they could
be making and I don't know like I'm
happy to talk about it with like friends
and family like it's not that it's like
this big thing that we're like we've
been told never to do is just why would
you want to I don't know we all know
youtubers can earn a lot of money like I
was able to buy this house which is
amazing but it's not I think the media
try and make it like this big thing I
kind of just also point out media have
never got it right there was an article
out recently that says that people can
get 240,000 pounds and Instagram
I mean that would be great but that is
not laughing also I think it's very hard
to know how much money someone has
because you could have millions and
millions and millions of pounds but you
might not spend it how would you ever
know if how much anyone really earns
anyway or you could have barely anything
but spend it all all the time there's no
way of knowing no way of guessing I
think is the right way of saying that
booty less Brooke said I'm very curious
about how you felt in your first photo
shoot
were you scared or excited I would love
to know scared what so scared in my
first photo shoot I am NOT a model
I don't know poses I don't know how to
look to really like accentuate my body
shape or to look good or I don't know
how to pose myself to make a great photo
so I don't actually remember what my
first photo shoot was company magazine
front cover of company marketing I was
really nervous I was so anxious to do
that shoot and also you're sort of
letting someone else dress you in
something that you wouldn't normally
wear so it's not that you even feel your
most confident I have been on shoots
before where they've done my hair I
wouldn't normally do it but I'm like
this looks amazing and I feel so
confident and that can really drive a
shoot if you feel confident in what they
put you in or how they've done your
makeup or Holub in your hair it
completely changes how well a shoot goes
but if you're feeling really out of your
comfort zones anyway and they put you in
something that you would never normally
wear and you're like oh I'm just not
sure that could be quite difficult but
if you've got a good photographer you're
always feel comfortable and they will
tell you the best ways to like be in
order to look the best and also no one's
going to ever want to use a photo of you
that doesn't look good I feel like it
might not be your favorite and it might
not be an angle that you like but they
generally know what looks good so I just
kind of hoped for the best
and let them do their job I do this
thing where
I first get on shoot I can't I like keep
my hands very close to me and I'm
standing in these photos with my hands
like this like and then and then
eventually over time the hands like come
away and then I'm like work it work it
joke so I still don't know what I'm
doing it might look like I do but okay I
think I'm going to stop there because I
feel like that is so many questions and
I love you rightly pointed out this is
pretty much like a documentary right now
or like the longest interview I've ever
done huh six feature-length film
literally I really hope you guys enjoyed
this video and that it gave you a little
bit more of an insight if there are any
other questions that you feel like I've
missed or something you would really
love to know there was someone who said
I'd love to know more about like the
business side so if you have any
questions about that or like products or
anything then let me know and I can do
either like a blog post where I can
write down my answers or I can do
another one of these if you really enjoy
them just let me know in the comments
and give you a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it and I hope you're having a blended
week so far and I'll see you again very
soon
