hi everyone again Oh apologies for the
light I have one very bright yellow
light up here shining on my face and I
have some window light shining here on
my chest so I look very - tonal but I
promise you I am NOT in real life I'm
just trying to make the most of what
little light I have because it's such a
miserable day and it's May and this is
England and we have no Sun yet so for
all you living international please send
me some Sun so I'm gonna do like a tiny
little haul because although sometimes I
buy things and I think there's no point
doing a haul on that because it's not
big and I think what does all really
need to be big ever no it doesn't he
makes up the whole rules today so I'm
just going to show you because we've got
quite a few things I just thought you
might want to see them firstly I'm going
to start with a blush that I wore in my
Primark video a lot of people were
commenting asking what blusher I had on
and the answer to all of you that were
wondering is this one which is a bare
essentials loose mineral blusher in
confidence and it's a gorgeous gorgeous
peachy pink and I actually picked this
up from a car boot sale if you don't
know what that is it is a basically a
jumble sale a place where people get
together on a massive field and sell
stuff they do not want anymore it's like
get up early on a Sunday morning rip
your hair back with no makeup choke on
some big sunglasses and go there will
your pennies to see what bargains you
can find and I found this and it was 50
P so complete bargain and I absolutely
loved it I got bit scared to use loose
minerals on my face when it's blush but
it's actually not too tricky cheese and
I really like it so I'd recommend
checking out some bare mineral blushes
actually I then went to London for a
meeting with Louise of spring
and we afterwards we decided to do a bit
of shopping and we went into Mac Pro on
Carnaby Street and that is where I
chased these first thing I've got is an
eyeshadow pan in nylon a really nice
shimmery in a tear duct sort of color
um but yeah really like that now I've
been eyeing this up for ages because as
you know I'm a little bit obsessed with
orange lipstick um as some people are
obsessed and love to wear red lipstick I
like to wear orange lipstick so I feel
like I need to try all the different
orange lipsticks that's ever existed and
whatever made actually I like you know
now there are not really that many to
choose from
especially in pharmacies drugstores
there's really not a lot of choice for
orange I kind of want to do a video on
all my favorite orange lipsticks or ones
that maybe you could wear to be brave or
ones that you could wear if you were not
feeling so brave so let me know if you
want me to do that and I'm sure but
anyway I go off the lipstick in morons
there again
Mirage a bright bright orange not worn
it yet but I'm really excited to and
then because I figured I wear orange
Allah I should probably invest in an
orange lip liner so I did and this is
called water blast
you will notice there's a slight orange
theme to this haul also I wanted to get
my hands on the Revlon lip butters
because everyone's been going a bit sort
of crazy for those and they really enjoy
that everywhere I went they were sold
out which started to get really
frustrating so it was in Bristol I was
near the IKEA bit whether the boots and
there's a pets at home I was going there
to look at like anything and they had
like all of them oh I picked up sweet
tart which is zero 90 which is a
gorgeous hot pink and I picked up tutti
frutti which is an orange there we go
and that's really really nice as well I
do really like these so far and I think
there are mice alternative to wearing
something very heavy on the lips and
also you do feel like they're so
benefiting when I was in Boots with
Louise and we did our like hour-long
Mike shop and end up spending way too
much money on item because they were
three - um there was a Revlon lip gloss
I really really wanted because it was
orange and they didn't have any the only
one they had as a tester and at one
point I was even like I'm just gonna buy
the tester Louise is like you don't want
the tester like no I don't want the test
and they had it in the one I was in so I
picked it up and it's called sizzle
kanaky all that's a strange name but yes
bright bright orange I thought this
would look fabulous with the orange lip
liner and the orange lipstick just for
the whole orange combo I then also
bought this nail polish which I wore in
my Primark haul as well and it is a pop
now what nail polish nail polish I've
never worn pop no pushes before but I
really really liked it and I now want to
buy some more I think this was around 6
pound mark which isn't too bad and I
don't know if the cameras picking up but
this is bright bright orange and they
had neon yellow neon green neon pink but
I'll say I went with the orange because
I like orange and it with orange I
actually bought this in the pixie shop
in Carnaby Street but they have these on
ASOS calm I believe so you can have a
little look at those I went to H&M love
you no matter where I say H I'm not
going anyone that says it like this
though I thought I was weird because I
was saying H but everybody around me
says H - so maybe it's just a cultural
thing but for the benefit of everybody
I'll say I'd hmm
and I went to H&M I bought a set of
rings I got this this what it came in
like a set no I'm through thick thick
chunky rings I got this one in set this
one in the set and one like this but
gold I think that was like three
ninety-nine and I also got some nail
polishes because an and go Reno why I
just did I've got some blues because I
don't really wear blue a lot I liked
these I got blue my mind which is this
one and nail him I think they were $2.99
each um yeah I might actually go back to
some more because they have quite a lot
of nice colors they have really really
nice glittery one which I didn't get and
now I kind of wish I did now on to just
something a bit random but I just
thought I'd show you right away because
I bought it and you might want to see a
massive massive Disney fan when I was
younger I had all the Disney films on
VHS um but as VHS kind of became extinct
Fleming in a conference if you actually
still watch videos on a VHS player so
I'm going to try and build back up my
Disney DVD collection um I'm just kind
of getting my favorite ones I'm not
going to go all out and get all of them
just cuz I'm just gonna get the ones I
actually enjoy watching cuz everyone
loves a Disney film and on play calm
they will buy one get one free which I
thought was extremely good because
Disney DVDs are very expensive for a DVD
and they never come down in price and
the first time I got was the Lion King
classic and then I got a live in which
is actually my favorite disney film
alongside Little Mermaid and Sleeping
Beauty and Beauty and the Beast I just
love all of them because I was on play
calm and I just started browsing all the
DVDs and getting a bit carried away I
also bought Honey I Shrunk the Kids
because I really like this film this was
only like three pounds what a bargain
I'm gonna go watch this film it's not
everything in my little haul although
now I've said it Congress it seems
they're little so I'm not gonna go much
Honey I Shrunk the Kids and I will see
you all very soon hopefully um thanks
for watching bye goodbye and everything
goodbye now Lauren
no I'm no alum or in no no
