hi so today is an extremely miserable
day it's raining and it's gray so the
lighting is pretty poopy I've had to put
like a real yellow light on so right now
I look super Orange we'd like a pale
chest that doesn't really strange
because I'm such a wreck and really low
light so I apologize for that
but it was either that or very very dark
I'm going to do a monthly favorites
video I don't often do these because I
tend to use same products pretty much
all the time apart from obviously if I
find something that I super super loved
and then in which case I will obviously
let you guys know the last time I did a
favourites was like a July or June
favorite like last year but I might
start doing these a bit more regularly
now I have started using a lot more
products branching out using things that
I don't normally use I just got a soft
shoved way in my stash um and yeah so I
just thought I would update you and let
you know my April favorites because I
have loved a lot of new things this
month and also these are like my
favorite kinds of videos to watch
because I don't know I'm going to start
with something that I've just recently
did a blog post on actually which I'll
link below if you want to read that and
it is a candle now I am quite the candle
lover and I do love a good candle I like
to light candles all the time and I feel
that they not only just make things
smell delicious but they lift your mood
and make you feel happier and more
relaxed to the candle that I've been
absolutely loving is this neon candle
its neon organics as the brand will put
out there this is quite a pricey candle
is made with vegetable wax and pure
essential oils as opposed to you know
your fakes or scents like synthetic
sense
they'll put in which often burn black
soot so this literally burns like a
dream as you can see you don't get the
hard wax around the side that you get
with most candles which always irritates
you because I feel like it's such a
waste like I can be will always burn
down through the center and you'll have
that horrible bit or on the outside what
you never tend to burn and then you try
and chip it off the side and push it
down and then there's too much wax and
then it slides up the wick and then it's
all very messy but this has been burning
for ages and smells amazing it has white
neroli mimosa and lemon in it so I could
sniff this just all day I'm scared about
it to the bottom because then I'll just
start to cry I am going to buy another
one though definitely the next thing is
a blush trio and it is by sleek you can
see it's there
oops let's show you the rest of my house
these are called sleek blush by three I
think and there are lots and lots of
different colors to choose from
I have lace which is three six seven and
the colors are Chantilly Cooper GUI P
you are don't know what that means and
crochet I think I'm doing that the right
way if I'm not gonna stay other way but
it doesn't actually really say this is
an absolutely amazing palette and it's
so affordable it's not I think it's
$9.99 for three blushes and the color
that I've been wearing in a lot of my
videos I put it on today I wear this one
just the orange peach with that on top
because the middle one has a really
gorgeous
um Goldy shimmer through it it kind of
reminds me a lot of deep for it by NARS
do a little swatch me there can you see
how bright that is didn't think this
through they're super super pigmented
literally using such a light hand when
you're applying these because a lot
comes off and plus they're super
affordable and they're available in
super drug so that easy to get hold of
and you're not breaking the bank if you
don't like it
so many cars to choose from I'm raising
these three complement each other quite
well I'm so yes absolutely loving that
pretty much wearing it every single day
next thing I've been loving is Topshop
nail polishes I always need a blog post
on this if you want to read more about
it I'll put it in the description box
namely the glitters I have a pink
glitter which is called adrenaline just
a silver sore Paula graphic which is ice
crush and then the more says sort of
like a more bluey purple tone one which
is razzmatazz just to get the idea
and they have huge chunks of holographic
glitter in them and they just look
gorgeous on the nails I really like the
size of Topshop nail polishes because I
don't think you'd ever waste them
because they're not so big that you
might not use them all the time um but
they're not likes absolutely tiny I just
think they're the perfect size and I
think I believe they're around five to
six pounds depending on the sorts of
ones you get I think with a glittery one
of the six pounds but the more plain
ones if I phone I just love the cute
packaging I just love everything about
that apparently have just a white nail
polish with the glitter on top you won't
be able to see because I'm too far away
but yeah I really really really love
these and they look so pretty on your
toes too just to brighten up these
horrible dull supposed to be spring but
is definitely not spring weather another
product which I've been loving so much I
now have four of them are the pixi
endless silky eye pencils I was first
introduced to these phylla weeks when we
went to boots in Milton Keynes together
and she had been to a pixie press event
which I was invited to but I couldn't go
um and she said you need to try these
eye pencils you will absolutely love
them and she drew on my hand in boots
and I was like whoa when they say silky
they mean silky like these just draw on
so creamy and so easily they just
they're just an absolute dream to use I
absolutely love them I've got four
colours now is a sort of shimmery wrong
color which is called cafe gold a really
really dark matte brown which is called
black cocoa which is my favorite and
that's number 4 number 9 which is Easter
glow which is a gorgeous or champagne II
pinky color and just plain black which
is black noir they go on easily
there's nothing worse I find than an eye
pencil it drags your eye I just think
they smudge really nicely but once you
once they're set they don't budge that
it got anywhere I wear them every day
absolutely love them I can't recommend
these how you a sticking with makeup the
next one is a foundation now I am going
to do a whole video it may have to be
two because I've tried out so many of
High Street / drugstore / pharmacy
whichever you want to say a lot of just
show me what it is because I just
thought I want to see if there are any
decent high street foundations and share
my thoughts with you guys so I have
bought quite a lot and I'm going to do a
separate video on them but I just
thought I would just show you this one
because I absolutely love it and it is
the Rimmel wake me up foundation anti
fatigue effect and radiant glow and I
completely agree with absolutely
everything it says on the bottom I have
it in shade true ivory which is 103 I
think I've used about half of this up
but you can see it sort disappearing
from the side I would say this is medium
coverage but it's beautiful so you could
put more on and get a bit more coverage
out of it but I just think it's perfect
and also it smells amazing - it smells
like fruit I don't know
mom's not going on to like skin care and
skin things now I am loving this Vichy
or vici or white chi I'm not however low
up I kind of want to say Vichy I'm gonna
go with Vichy I think it's a French
brand anyway so maybe they
is the refreshing cleansing milk ow
I love my little cleanse and polish I
use it all the time but I was introduced
to this and I absolutely love it
a cleansing milk which you put onto a
cotton pad and then just rub it across
your whole face you don't have to wash
with water or anything so for those
nights where I'm sort of lying in bed
and I'm thinking oh I just can't be
bothered to go and wash my face and
don't lie we all have moments like that
you can pretend that you don't but I
know you do or maybe when you've not
been wearing so much makeup and you just
and you know that you probably don't
need to cleanse and polish or just for a
refresh like sometimes I don't wear
makeup at all during the day if I'm sort
puttering around and doing things
there's no need to have a full face
makeup but it's quite nice adjust
refresh during the day and keep your
skin clean it leaves my skin feeling
fresh very very clean and so so soft
it's actually unbelievable I think you
can get this online and you can also get
this in Boots a super drug don't stop
Vichy but I know that boots have this so
yeah if you're like me and you get a bit
lazy sometimes in your skincare then go
and try this because it's amazing
also I want to quickly add it says it's
for normal combination and sensitive
skin so that pretty much covers
everybody apart from obviously if you're
super super dry or super super oily so
yeah love that last in the body care
part and don't know what's going on it's
like claw it's something from the body
shop I don't tend to use their skin care
like face skin care but their body skin
care I absolutely love like their um
body butters and things for your body
like exfoliators and all that sort of
thing I recently tried the body puree
now I've never heard of a body puree
like what is that it's the love etc
Sunkist version
they have a fragrance called love etc
which smells amazing so when I first saw
this I was like this sounds interesting
I like the sound of a body puree just
pump up on my hand why is it pumping
it's just kind of like a mixture between
a gel and a cream is the best way to
describe it and and you just rub it in I
think I put a little bit too much on
leaves your skin looking feeling but
more importantly smelling amazing if you
were going on a night out and you want
your skin to quickly look really
hydrated without having to apply or
slather on loads and loads of body
lotion and wait for it to sink in
because I absolutely hate that it's
probably because I'm just ultra lazy but
I hate waiting for moisturizer to sink
in because this isn't technically a
lotion or a body butter
it's a puree it sinks in super super
fast but it leaves your skin looking
really hydrated and just feeling really
soft and really nourished one of the
main things I love about this is this
smell literally it's like just putting
perfume on you you could just put this
on and be good to go to be honest I just
sitting in sniffing this all day I'm not
going to that don't worry I think they
have to they do say limited editions so
if you hate wearing fragrance to
anything do not go near this with a
bargepole you will hate it if you like
to sort of get on with your den and
every now I'm going to like get a little
whiff of your skin and be like oh it
smells amazing then use this plus it
moisturizes too and I didn't think it
would mooster eyes but it does so yeah
really really like that and one other
random thing which I thought would
include just because if you weren't
aware of it and maybe you will be now is
a company magazine I stopped reading
magazines for quite a while just because
I was reading blogs um and then I heard
down the grapevine that company had
redesigned their market
and it all changed and now I absolutely
love it and every month I actually get a
little bit excited to go by company
magazine which is a little sad granted
but um I just thought would shout out
with you because some of you might not
be aware that it changed or I don't know
I just like it it's just super easy to
read just I just really enjoyed this
magazine I'm even tempted to get a
subscription I don't ever get magazine
subscriptions like who gets magazine
subscriptions not me and so yeah loving
fact so I hope you've enjoyed my April
favorites I may even do am a favorites
because I am just on a roll with trying
out new products at the moment I got
into a bit of a boring routine and then
cus all stuck with it for a rounder and
um I will see you very soon bye
