hello hi you chew burritos from our
peers do a very serious video do
username sprinkleofglitter
I also have a blog and a Twitter which
Sony will link below
Oh a Facebook page i'ma do this face it
go through your hairstyles as a face I
think go to month
hello Louisburg but I can go to yours
and hello to mine which like them and
then you can say we're going to make a
video me on both channels I learn why
youtuber me knows we're making a video
it's going to be
Oh
yeah like what was it
British nearly ready to go to get a taxi
to the station I'm not doing that Wharf
go okay I'm not being burned in fact
it's hard to walk okay
deficit yeah you know I need to discuss
a couple topics would usually system
know for a million pounds
yeah lately holiday to place holiday
play day and like I remember oh yes I
can feel you forgot my video this for
then look at the camera
gosh Jenna what what Oh something's you
say your body does it get your ball does
it get your ball
no explosions nowadays holding do I make
that no honestly no but um they did one
I don't know what my mouth look so large
hmm right a delirious or delirious my
face yes you had five Mike Donald's
to brother over and then I would would
you go for a Big Mac no because I don't
like beef innocent
what do you know survivor Oh have a
cheeseburger afternoon that's beef that
fits our happened now you're good
that's not what happened I got in the
car my ability paper gluten from playing
the part but it rained and I tried to
drive home but cop didn't drive home
where did it drive us to could you
really finish it
why like I've stolen Louise's engagement
ring Mary don't put in your mouth - it
in my mouth well I'm not casual nogi
yeah put it at my bum I haven't really
put my real work but he'll ring up your
ring please people different of me this
video wouldn't be so nice then what was
the record was so sorry
ahaha I should go up my face with like
definitely properly opened his legs and
they despised Robin excellent make a
bike and one opens you get I'm here
today
one cracker for breakfast
good day ahead I'll just do a little
closer of the UM paint job it's up a
lalalala fished doing our makeup yeah I
like you I like you parked order babe
what's wrong with me today like when I
got my hearing quote about the food I
caught in the seating belt a belt
I'm stuck in the seating belt it's just
what we advise yeah mine's not much
today more that's what I was waiting for
wait for it hard enough the present
fascist message missing my granddad
bought a very good HD web camera for
only 35 pounds if you need a new one
thanks Sally
well done Zoe's granddad ah lay on your
head it pulsating how about your vein
let's just be protruding the pot waiting
and protruding we're not weather for
having this video
question for you would you rather make a
baby with David Cameron or um Barack
Barack Obama straight away yeah he just
seems more of a ditch names cameras
horse do you mean nothing as you like
drag the boogie you're just like William
Penn as you walk am I gonna have to get
you a little bucking trough right right
oh it's gone this is it all right no my
breath Oh bless you that was a big me
look like a fool I didn't do I paint a
paint button smashed all over my face
okay that's it that's how it's sort of
crazy clown smashing on the window okay
what some all do now this comes on all
of my videos so we'll pause it I'll just
put like 18 and Evan lol look at it be
going let's say with a pasta flicking I
don't like to blow my own trumpet but I
think it looks marvelous
that's not trumpet like I but also I've
made it all wavy and lovely and curled
it and made it look nice
after we paved the salon to make it look
like shit
this smell feces
I've read thought that question I just
think you like people touching with a
salesman shower the karna place at
Milton vomit it's my own accordion there
I wonder if he's going to play it oh oh
oh if you're that circus theme I think
he wants money yeah
I have no coins what a London rates
I don't really know
ah
thank you
excuse me I didn't ask you to pay the
accordion in my face I don't want to do
it anymore
let's go come on let's go home to
Northampton I don't really like pie
seriously I again I hello hello from her
you might catch mine it's now not again
I'm not again yeah you don't happen it's
about catching things from you I'm not
gonna even tell them what caught off
your last time you might have noticed I
seem to sting and everyone it's so easy
good don't you actually have the time of
my life and I owe it all to you rollin
rollin on a river left a good man in the
city good job in the city workin for the
man every night day Marvin some popcorn
available and having some popcorn
against the wall no one yeah
a bridge table please mama
that video I like actually that was
really good
just remember as as far as far to Mecca
dance out of you baby burn disco inferno
then ever lost woman I know what about
the way my bed big wheels keep sauntered
through the primary key-term road have
it's a book born splitter fit butter
flavored salted popcorn from the cake
shop which is actually Morrison's can
hold you for a million five for like
seven maghirang food okay you'll never
move over through yeah not just to keep
for ourselves show them what we've all
its own everything to a song quite a
problem you do it's a disease I think it
is to make you feel
I want to die knowing I've never had an
entire hand shoved up my funny nipples
cervix vagina and always husband to have
to wipe wipe we bumhole baby she's awful
as awful hello boobies
hi Louise I just want to say a very
happy birthday to you hopefully you have
an amazing day get lots of presents and
all your wishes come true
I'm gonna sing a little song for you
though so hopefully you enjoy happy
birthday to Louise happy birthday to
Louise happy birthday dear Louise happy
birthday to you hopefully you have a
wonderful day and I'll speak to you soon
bye
hey Louise you crazy cat I hope you have
a lovely birthday with mat and baby
glitter on the rest of your family and
friends and hopefully I see you soon bye
happy birthday to you happy birthday
Louise I hope you have a really lovely
day you deserve to have the best
birthday to have a great time
Wow hi Louise it's Beauty Crush here and
I would say a massive massive mass
muddler happy birthday and I hope you
have an amazing amazing day and I just
want to send you all my love and wishes
and everything's I love you I love your
personality a little channel of your
blog and yeah I don't know I just wanted
to say hi and happy birthday and have an
amazing one and I send all my dogs there
hello hi scuse me as she says happy
birthday sir so by saying happy birthday
and we said all I love bye MA hi Louise
it's Fleur here which hopefully you can
tell because I think you can see my face
right now but I just wanted to wish you
a very very happy birthday I hope you
have an awesome day get lots of amazing
presence and a tasty birthday cake so I
will see you very soon and happy
birthday
bye happy birthday to you happy birthday
happy birthday to you happy birthday
Louise I love you lot you are
hello booster want to say a quick happy
birthday it's always putting this video
together for you which i think is a
really nice surprise and she asked me to
be part of it so I'm very honored and
just have a great day enjoy your
presence enjoy a day with Darcy and stay
25 forever
love you bye light
Oh happy birthday to you I'm not gonna
sing anymore though because this is
going on the internet and it's gonna be
very embarrassing but happy birthday to
you maybe this cake would be the safer
option but um happy birthday Louise I
hope you have an amazing day and I'll
show you well and hope you enjoy the
kite
just a quick win here for you Louise to
say happy birthday hi Louise so I'm not
as pro as you guys this whole YouTube
thing but um I really wanted to say a
huge huge happy birthday and I hope that
you're having a really amazing day with
everyone that you love and that you're
just really happy because you are like
the happiest person I've ever met in my
life and you make so many other people
happy that you really really deserve to
be happy yourself I'm just really really
fortunate as well as hundreds and
hundreds of thousands all your YouTube
subscribers that we have things like
YouTube now in this kind of modern era
so that we T can enjoy you and your life
and just everything about you you're
just you're so wonderful you're such a
lovely lovely person and I hope that you
have the most amazing day ever
lots and lots of love from the others Oh
bye happy birthday to you happy birthday
to you happy birthday dear Louise
hangout day to you Louise and wish your
tummy Kate or as you always call me
dolly bye bye I just wanted to say I
hope you have a really really really
really really lovely birthday and you
get lots of sparkly glittery fabulous
things and just have a brilliant day and
hopefully I speak to you soon and
hopefully see you things out but Aloha
Louise ala Reno and I'm doing funny
things in my head because I can't ever
be serious so happy birthday and here's
my tribute to you
that's enough Louise you don't mind if
I'm in my pajamas do you we're having an
academic day we've got a test going on
what are you doing essays essays but we
thought we'd take some time and wish you
a happy birthday yeah we want to write
you a poem but all we could think of
with happy birthday Louise do you like
cheese peas sneeze cease that was a good
one that's about where it stopped yeah
Louise I don't know how old you are I
think that's kind of a rude question to
ask but I don't know whether we should
be telling you to go clubbing or go to
the library it's the library on your
birthday we've just been sitting here we
don't really know what more to say okay
so what it's someone's birthday you say
happy birthday have a good one okay have
a good one
yeah in Canada we usually give you a
case of beer and some maple syrup but I
don't know how they do it in England the
wall in Essex I don't hear one night so
anyway that's just us the two youtubing
housemate signing off wishing you a
happy birthday yeah I love Goodway and
we'll see you soon bye happy birthday to
you happy birthday to you happy birthday
to Louise happy birthday to you Oh
birthday sweetie pie
hope your day is as lovely and wonderful
as you are eat lots of cake and show
yourself and glitter take care lovely
and hopefully I'll see you very soon bye
happy birthday to ya happy birthday
I like Halloween oh happy birthday No
happy 23rd birthday M and I just I knew
when I have a lovely day anyway because
that's just you you're just fun and
bubbly and babe-a-licious and I just
hate you
a lovely day with your lovely little
family just an amazing day for Sparkle
eNOS and babies and love you are but yes
that is all from me because I don't know
what else to say other than happy
birthday you beautiful woman and you're
such an inspiration to me
but yeah happy birthday and I hope you
have a lovely day bye
happy birthday wheeze have a fantastic
day full of glitter and happiness and I
wish you all the very very best for next
year
have a wonderful day lots of love happy
birthday Louise I think you're rather
fabulous and deserve the best birthday
ever
so I've searched the kingdom nay the
world to find you the best present ever
and unfortunately the shops were all out
of unicorns so instead I thought I'd be
unicorn for you
hey birthday hey Louise look I'm in a
video and I don't ever do videos but I'm
here for a special reason because I'm
here to wish you a happy birthday
so I hope you have the best day and I
hope you get absolutely sport rotten and
it's filled with all things fabulous and
glitter glitter like because you so
deserve it so I hope you have the best
day Wow lots of love hello Louise
I would like to wish you a very happy
25th birthday
wink wink I really do hope you have the
loveliest most special date in the world
just because you really do deserve it
and I've even done nails in honor of
your birthday so when yeah a lot of
effort went into this and a lot of
glitter so and I hope he likes them I
really do hope you have a lovely stay in
the world the most glittery is wonderful
this day and just because you really do
deserve it
so when yeah happy birthday and lots of
love from me bye I Louise happy birthday
you can see I'm wearing some kind of
sparkly top today I didn't have glitter
but I wanted some kind of sparkle for
sprinkle glitter hope you are having a
magical birthday and I hope all your
wishes come true and I hope you have a
fantastic day if I was with you today
I'd bake you a cake made of mint mousse
because I know you like it so much
birthday love you lots happy birthday my
sweet Louise you're my favorite thing
about YouTube you know so I wanted to do
something really special first of all
I'm sitting in front of your apartment
which is still keeping warm for you and
secondly I made you a sock puppet of you
that might insult you I made one of me
too and I gave the one of you to Ryan
and one of me to me and then what
resulted was a whole lot of nonsense
I'll put a little bit of the nonsense
here and a lot a bit of the nonsense on
my channel and I hope you just have the
absolute best birthday I love you so
much happy birthday come to me now let's
embrace come here she's more lovely in
person lovely in person that I even know
I am a bit of a mother hen actually hens
don't hit the babies in the mouth today
alligators do though
ah I'm a bit of a mother alligator here
they are oh look they can finally meet
and play together Oh
ah cut George W Bush I like your outfit
too she's got a little boot in the back
hello chummy surprise I hope that you
for a style not listening because you're
up to Desmond your house I just want to
quickly say and that I love you lots
you're the bestest friend in the whole
wide world and I hope you have an
amazing birthday and that you've enjoyed
this video that I created for you I've
imagined it since February sort so I
hope you like it have lots don't stop
being so amazing and you make me smart
every single day and I love you birthday
you gorgeous fabulous beautiful woman a
little private trophy there ah
