sweat oh you got your parking tickets in
there hello hi I am not at home I am at
Louise's yeah I've come up to
Northampton for this week and so I'm
gonna do some vlogging and Darcy's in
the back there but you can't see her
we're about to go to a nice little
country spot that Louise knows of to
take some like outfit of the day type
videos and photos I'm gonna do my maxi
skirt video because I'm a little car oh
hi car um was a hack of we in the road
did you see that uh it's a nice place so
it hosted it's not too by the way so
we're gonna go and do that but first
we're gonna get a spot of breakfast
we're going for a healthy option this
time aren't we yeah
is actually a beautiful day the
beautiful day the sun is shining us Sun
will come out tomorrow bet Jabbar I've
got hardly any battery that's great
what is that the only camera that we do
all the stuff oh no oh look at this
little man ran across the road here 10
points of a gamer he can't say that
Jimmy why would he choose to cross there
so dangerous
ha what a girl then though what would I
call this
but these it wouldn't work but it like
sporty cash shit really she's out we're
gonna worry feet please covering the
microphone yeah yeah we're those we we
have finished doing our makeup yeah I
try that again
I got strangely interrupted by a weirdo
and we finished on our makeup now so I'm
now going to film the maxi Scout styling
video with Louise which will be fun all
right
so buy into my breath hmm so yeah uh-huh
okay sorry go ahead do you remember
things you hey ho ha ha eek are you
going somewhere
hi welcome to a lake nearby we did some
outfit of the day shots in a way well a
lot so you can look forward to those so
is the videos and pictures
so instill in one of her rather nice
maxi dress maxi skirt dress BB glue to
want to see if we can see should we go
around to the other beds I think this is
a heron he's little static right now I
think I ate rosin in the tree
yes although that's not that called for
everyone I'll get that okay why is your
baby got a can turn or something it's
not that it's windy
look look how fat my lower leg is ping
well smaller
fine yeah yeah there's a bridge here but
it's a bit scary to walk over
should we not bother no not with baby in
tow Oh farmer Lee hi right let me see
what you got on your finger this was
from a girl's shop she sent me some
lovely bits and bobs and she sent Zoey a
ring too which was luckily Scarlett
hearts I think thank you very much thank
you very much winky room
check out my attire see this is what you
don't see on a video I sit alone with
this girl looking foxy lurking fuck
cinema you chew there a jiggly bigger
Little Italy or different things
Oh
I feel a bit lonely without joy to play
with
race for the
lady Pablo really
and bye
the guys will stop
that was really gracious there's an
unwritten rule Libby city she's gone
wait I'm taking a picture this is too
good to me
well done night
that was a good blog
mmm
there's young
am i rolling yeah hello we are in Milton
Keynes right now and I've never been
here before but it looks quite nice
well we're in the car park at the moment
I mean yes and I'm just looking at over
I gotten home b4 besides we're going to
go and do some shopping
oh the lipstick that I currently have on
is this nice one that Fleur was kind
enough to give me and it's a Burberry
one she gave me a NARS lip gloss
yes look how nice the color is she can
come again she knows I love my oranges
thanks Fleur mmm and it's really cool
it's like magnetic mmm so yes I have
that on right now and it's actually
quite warm isn't it it is quite barmy
what does barmy mean is allow me yeah
balmy yeah with an L yeah not like barmy
as in like our NY no it's quite barmy
I like to just say clammy it's not Clary
though because I'm not wet it is quite
funny it's close it's between clammy and
I'll me who are you hoping to buy today
well
just checking Lola coffee on this top
and I would like some drugstore makeup
because me you as in Zoe not you the
viewer and Fleur did our top 5 drugstore
makeup products video last like that's
gonna be on my channel and then Fleur
had some lovely stuff no like oh no I
wanted to I need to get my laptop fixed
and maybe a cheeky little look at MAC
Cosmetics I brush oh yeah I want to need
a new Mac fling eyebrow pencil I've been
convert and been using that a lot lately
rather than my HD palette I do flip up
living chain it's good to flip and
change though otherwise life exciting
yeah we've got so many product clarity
issues how do you have your life
exciting I flip and change between my
eyebrow products living on the edge
there's my little Yankee Candle Carson
Yankee Doodle toilet
actually they can't know but can you
alright I was like yes I liked it a lot
I've got it in clean cotton that's my
favorite Lana Pony something that a la
laa and fold it my corrode me d-daddy de
de de de dee but quite once in my career
now she sending to the Moulin Rouge Sam
ruse Oh Rouge we were listening to the
Moulin Rouge soundtrack on the motorway
was very powerful shall we go yes we've
been sacked this car for far too long I
just popped my nose cherry feels good
feels good I won't show you what it is
I'm going to do it all fall on it
yeah where are we starbuck place on
coffee flavored tree was so antisocial
the most yeah that's my family over
there just waiting for me to finish
shopping and then we're getting on the
bike and riding home yep
Louise what just happened I had to ring
my auntie but no no in Boots oh you just
come in Oh spent so much more that
building there see look a 20 feet look I
know I was just saying that this is this
is like we're going to do a big haul
we're gonna do it on both channels
aren't we yeah so it'll be the exact
same video on both of our channels but
seeing as we both bought so much I think
it's it's right it's only right it's
only right all right even got to rush
now but we've got to get back to PI
what's not back yet
on my blog not for me yeah to warm us up
yeah are you filming me
yeah oh cool he's still following I
wrote me do anything I'm what are we
doing I'm being assaulted by camera what
are we doing in a minute oh we are
filming and a huge haul because we spend
an obscene amount of money today we've
had to justify over and over again with
many different reasons we did um but I
tell you it felt good I kind of think
that when you go shopping it that like
amazing first and then when you're
younger like you buy one thing I got i
watch something then and then that one
thing doesn't be it's not as exciting
anymore so you have to get more thing
two more things then like last time I'm
50 I'll have to fight and tire shop to
get the shopping hi I think that's
probably what drugs are like I think
it's called addiction yeah
how long we boots for an hour the whole
our new we always break into song this
is in my hand on a musical have some a
decent evening
Hey
wheezing always Hey reading reading
always reading why you got to pay me
attention because my scars on your dress
I'm not good reading reading always
reading payment is that maybe or did you
play with me
maybe yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah let's
read I enjoyed that song hello hello huh
um it is time for me to leave now I
tried the petitions scepter sent to my
local MP do not let go but she said she
wanted to call I'm sorry I don't live
here I've got to now take a two and a
half hour trip home to get back to my
house with this humongous suitcase and
Louise is gonna come with me no just to
take me I got TomTom on my bag on my
phone so I should be okay yes now I'm
gonna finish off the vlog on my mine as
well did you just get that from your
booby ways good bye I've had a lovely
week with you my love and you too
