hi everyone um I have been to Primark
and I have a haul for you today I know
that a lot of you like my whole use some
of you don't like them but yeah if you
do I will make this introduction super
quick because I have so much to show you
and I want to get through it all before
you get bored of this video so yes I
hope you're well I'm in my bedroom
slightly different and I hope you like
it I hope the Lighting's okay and now
I'm going to show you what I bought I'm
not doing this in any particular order
I'm literally just going to grab what's
there and show you so firstly I have
these flip flops which look like this
and they are super cute
just coral floral flip-flops with the
buckle at the back and they were six
pounds I just thought they look quite
cute in summer basically when the sun's
out I also bought the scarf which has
skulls on it you could say it was you
know a slight cheaper copy of the ever
so famous Alexander McQueen scarcer the
skulls on obviously a fraction of the
price I do actually have an Alexander
McQueen scarf
um which I'm actually scared to wear
most of the time so this is good
just chalk on I really like the bright
pink in it with the beige I think it's
nice I actually think Elise has this so
twins it also got from the shoe section
and if you know me you know that I'm not
quite the flats person I like to wear my
flat shoes I wish I could pull off heels
unfortunately I don't think I can and I
find them very uncomfortable so my
collection of flat shoes is ever-growing
and I do get a lot of use out of them
and I do find that Primark ones lasts
quite well I mean considering they're so
cheap you may as well just wear them to
their death because they're so cheap
I've got some in town
because I actually own no tan flat shoes
besides brogues
so I quite liked these ones and again
the oh these were only five pounds
that's a bug energy reload they're so
cheap nice little point figure that
they'd be quite nice to wear with
anything really and I've got a lot of
tan handbags and I think it's a good
combo and as I previously just mentioned
I find heels very uncomfortable to wear
I wish I could wear them and I try so
hard to wear heels but my problem is
that because I have size three feet
which may as well be pigs trotters let's
be honest to have my size three feet in
a heel they're pretty much like this so
I find it really really uncomfortable
whereas you know if you've got a
slightly larger foot it's a less you
know you've got more two more to give I
suppose so heels for me as much as I
love them and I buy them all the time
and I do wear them on nights out and
things but then they will ruin my feet
um I found these which were surprisingly
comfy I don't know if you all oh I'm
good Rob I don't know if you can see um
but they're a wedge but the front is
also got a wedge so really the heel is
probably only of kitten heel sighs now I
am NOT a lover of kitten heels in fact I
hit kitten heels I'm sorry if you love
them I find vile I just don't think they
suit me at all um but in consideration
with the actual platform the heel is
only really this size so these are the
comfiest heels I have ever worn I tried
them on and I mean yes they're nice and
they're patient and they're polka dot
inside and they've got this little thing
which actually made my legs I mean a lot
of people think that these shorten your
legs but I really I thought that they
look really nice on me
and for once I've put on a pair of heels
and thought I actually think I might be
able to wear these for longer than four
hours and so yeah I actually really love
these
little shoes they're perfect for nights
out daytime and there were 16 pounds
well which I guess you could argue for
prime Mach shoes maybe slightly higher
up on the scale of the shoe pricing but
I like them I like them so much
I bought them in this color this was
actually the fat Oh kisses my nails very
well this is actually the first color I
spotted and I fell in love with the
color before I even fell in love with
the style of shoe so I mean how amazing
these they're like a bright coral I
actually love them so sticking on the
shoe theme I also bought these
flip-flops now they have these in
various different colors but these are
blue and white striped and look how cute
they are like why would you not buy
these they have the little buckle around
the back which I actually really like
because there's no flip-flops
give me cramp because I feel like I'm
tensing my toes to keep them on no I
just walk like a weirdo I think anyway
these are cute aren't they
Oh where's the price the prices come off
I don't know how much these were but I'm
pretty sure they would not over six
pounds so I mean they're a pair of
flip-flops oh I doubt it very much and
the bottom is very very sturdy actually
I just realized they've got gold in the
heel but yeah they're really cute and
they have these in various different
colors so I got booze was a slight
random purchase and one I was debating
like shall I buy them Charlie's in mmm I
don't know in the end I bought them
because I live in the countryside if you
didn't know and my house is surrounded
by fields as far as you can see it's
lovely I love it and I can drive to a
town if I want to I'm not like isolated
my only friends are not cows I actually
wear wellington boots I don't know if
you're familiar with these if you're
from anywhere else over in the UK
basically wellies I went up a lot and
give walks or you know out in the garden
um I don't know we just wear them a lot
when I saw these I
I fell in love with them because they're
like I guess they're not everyone's cup
of tea but they are tiny little uncle
uncle wellington boots I guess with
see-through glitter bows on the front
made of plastic a lot of you may be
thinking these look familiar
yes they do look like the Vivienne
Westwood boots which is why I first
spotted them actually I was like hmm
very clever Primark very clever but
these were 10 pounds which urn is
probably the most expensive weddings
I've bought but they just like stylish
wellies like no you can walk around the
fields with the cows in style I don't
usually look in the home section but I
did this time because I was feeling
crazy so as I was looking around the
home section I noticed this all stuck
together I notice these which are called
sorted out accessory hangers and I just
thought these were a genius idea
like I curl my belts up into little
balls like that and slop them into like
your shelves in my wardrobe but I find
that that's just messy because how many
belts do you know that like to stay like
this
they just unwrap and they go everywhere
so I figured that this was actually a
really good idea I could hang these in
my wardrobe and hang my belts on one and
my most used necklaces on the other so I
think that's a brilliant idea
look they've just got little hooks on it
if you can see that genius and these
were only 2 pounds I also have a bit of
an obsession with buying new bedding I
have quite a neutral bedroom everything
is kind of white cream basic yeah basic
so um I keep my bedding quite basic but
it's actually quite difficult to find
nice basic bedding like nice white stuff
that's not like free or
boring I decided to buy a duvet cover um
it's got like little flowers and then
tiny little um pastel colored polka dots
which is so cute and I love pastels at
the moment everything is past early and
lovely and spring-like and so this has
like very like oh I'm hitting myself of
the head very light blue very liked pink
and very light yellow and I just thought
that was really nice and these are like
spread out quite widely I don't know if
you might be able to see them you can't
see it but yeah so I bought one of these
and this is 16 pounds which I don't
think is really all that bad for a
double duvet case and two pillowcases so
yeah if you are like me and you like to
redesign your bedroom all the time go to
Primark because it's much cheaper doing
it that way I also bought some
sunglasses now you may notice I have
quite a small face and a lot of people
that I know call me pea head because I
have a tiny head um when I go sunglasses
shopping it's usually just me putting a
pair of sunglasses that I like on my
head and going for God's sake my head is
so small and I get refreshed rated
because no sunglasses ever fit me um but
I liked these I thought they were quite
cool
they are sunglasses we're little polka
dots and they slightly go up in the
corners a very very subtle cat eye
effect I bought them in black with white
polka dots and cream with navy blue
polka dots and they were a pound each so
even if they don't fit my tiny little
face and head then at least I'm not
wasted too much money and I can wear
these with my hair down
on to the clothing now this is going to
be difficult to show you but it's
short-sleeved almost empire line I guess
it goes just around the waist and then
it's sort of midi-length it comes past
the knee sort of almost middle of the
shin so it is longer than your average
dress but shorter than a maxi which a
lot of people find quite an awkward
length to dress I mean I have one midi
skirt which is connected to the top
which I bought from Primark actually and
I love it because I think it looks
slightly more dressy I suppose and with
the pair of heels it looks really nice
so I just bought this plain row dress
with a little black belt which goes
around the middle and I picked it up
thinking I'll try it on but it doesn't I
doubt I doubt a look anything special
but actually looked really really nice
and I think with probably like a pair of
these shoes
I just think gotta look really nice and
that was only ten pounds so I thought
that was quite a bargain but I went to
the men's section because I had to get
my boyfriend some skinny jeans and this
obviously meant I picked up one of their
hoodies with the white strings which is
a complete copy of the American Apparel
hoodies but at a massive rush for the
price these are twelve pounds and you
can probably buy this exact one in
American Apparel for forty so bargain I
just got that an extra small I like the
color of it and then got this jumper
which I saw on the hang on instantly
loved and those about three there and I
was like then they are not going to have
my size because in Primark if you me
have a few items left you're guaranteed
that none of it will be in your size
because it's been so popular
everyone's bought it but it's this
jumper which might not be everyone's cup
of tea but it's like a big slouchy one
and the sleeves rolled up and it sort of
it's blue and pink and orange and coral
like loads of different colored knit
like knit is that the word knit and it
has quite a high neckline so I think
that would look really nice with shirt
and needs and yeah it's just a slouchy
nice big jumper and I really liked it I
did have it they didn't have my size but
they had a size 10 which actually fits
me fine another 16 pounds oh just like
that
it's like ombre and then reverse ombre
mmm thing is very summery and very
bright but I love it and it is this
shirt color like this and then it kind
of goes alike floaty and pretty it has
like an extra layer of fabric over the
top as you can see and the buttons are
just like little gold bead clusters and
I just thought like that would look
really nice in summer actually looks
really nice with my nail polish
oh that was ten pounds so I realize
feels really nice is what feels really
today nice and the last two things I
bought which are going to be creased if
anything because this is the sort of
item in your wardrobe which you dread
ironing because you just know it's going
to be an absolute nightmare as that sort
of fabric is a black shirt with a color
just a normal standard shirt color and a
little bow tie around underneath the
neck and then it's like super super
batwing but if you can see that but
that's like massive and it's really
drapey but also really really loving I
kind of feel like a character up all of
a twist when I wear there like I should
be like dancing and singing along the
street like what 50 carts
this one is also in all the twist
t-shirt I'm going to call them on with
three shirts I think um but it's the
reverse colors so you've got the cream
with the black
gained super super baggy arms over twist
eat your heart out and that was 12
pounds which I thought was actually
really good because even if I saw this
in a no Topshop for forty pounds I
probably would buy it is my entire
Primark splurge yeah let me know if you
enjoyed it and thumbs up the video if
you liked it and if you thought it was
worthy of a thumbs up and now I'm gonna
go and wear my shirts and sing all the
twists down the street with the carols
in my ways introduction introduction get
a mate this introduction real quick
which is where them to their dad look
till their dad you may as well just wear
them to little time I was wearing black
leggings and I don't remember actually
that was point
