um hello hi hello I am here today with
Fleur oh it's just like flicked your
hair right Fleur from flood force but
you all know how la and Louise from
sprinkle glitter hi you probably all
know her too we're going to make a video
today answering some of the questions
that you have asked on Twitter and some
of them are quite strange but we like
that I enjoy better I say so um where
should we start
well I saw someone said do you wake up
first or do you open your eyes first
wake up how do you know well because you
know when you've like come to you've got
your eyes shake like oh I need to get up
soon but that's you're awake that even
though your eyes at shirt shortly but
when do you have a rope in your eyes
before you wake up so you wake up first
anyway for your eyes oh it'd be so
creepy three oh crap but like oh sorry
that was my phone if you opened your
opened your eye for you're still asleep
that's kind of creepy people kill people
in their sleep
you like who do you know someone
personally
no no but you some people have like got
off murder charges because they said
they're sleepwalking
it's a real thing blatant lie well yeah
that's why they're like oh I was asleep
I would have probably like wake up
before I open my eyes yeah you need to
be awake to be able to open your eyes or
do you somebody asked who you would most
like sleep with over the age of 55 - we
had a conversation others already
I said Phillip Schofield
liquors let's go laughing I Gordon well
you get what Gordon come to bed with you
as well Gordon the Gopher no but you
wouldn't see that I was like you know I
said George Clooney but then I don't
think he's actually identifies um I
don't like oh I don't know anyone over
the age of 55 I would like to sleep and
I don't think that's a bad thing I'd
skip the song for the royal family
perhaps please Charlie say royal family
do you mean like royal or like from the
royal family the TV show no like I get
my royal the winces it would happy
childhood in it although yeah obviously
perchance I guess not like mr. beautiful
but he is royalty but I always slept
with like the Prince of Wales for future
20 days would you go with how many days
would you go with chipped nail polish
Wow little bad I would go until it all
came off if it depends like if I'm on
holiday out how many nail varnish
remover
yeah I might toes on my I was a bad
father picking it off like look at my
nails right now on my on my you picking
your nails on my head that's how busy I
am
yeah it's my hamster thing to go to that
require change do my nails if I was like
just gonna be at home and they were just
Chitina hmm I do is my nose a shameful
my outside yeah yeah there's not look up
and a winter you just put socks on yeah
no it's season so the answer to that is
all your time do you like your toast
buttered with loads of butter and
Marmite ah sometimes if I'm feeling wild
awful Oh am i what is the difference
between Martin Barbara well my my
vegetable extract bottles like beef
which is disgusting I really she's back
happy wheels happy wheels it was oh yeah
but it tastes real how did you all meet
through you yeah kind of a de bop doing
this it's where I let you I feel like
when you meet someone like when I met
you I didn't feel like I was meeting you
because I I've watched some of your
videos you know so much about you - you
feel like you already know yeah like
this like the third time I've actually
met like I've met they have a few times
I didn't spend like the whole day
together pretty much well but it feels
like you've known each other for longer
because you like know more about each
other I like that I think all life
should be like that because then you can
decide beforehand if you really do want
to meet but I don't want to be in
already fine if you think no they're not
my cup of tea but not this time yeah
definitely no I like you it's like try
before you buy
I know it is but if you were to learn to
dance what style would you each choose I
like to do boring would you yes it's a
grace like I just want to be able to
dance anything I just got no rhythm
maybe ballet I did look like a very
graceful ballet dance yeah a lot of
people think I'm a ballerina before
they're like oh hey by any chance make
no I'm just a small person not very
graceful at all I think I just like or
maybe some birbee cuz whenever I do zone
but I look like Celine I don't have a
lot of rhythm right you know rhythm and
you're like shaking your ass thing just
can't do sheet your wonder that make EOS
music maybe will be like Oh what so she
likes music they like some Beyonce star
moves or um even like Cuban dancing like
did UFC Dirty Dancing - Oh have a nice
like that no - no I didn't know you have
to get it on DVD what was your school
uniform like when you were at school
hideous
mine was actually not too bad it's just
a jumper and like trousers hideous is
all I'll say about mine then it's good
yes all school uniform I cover you but
mine was actually really cool
what sort of cereal do you like best
cocoa rocks I've never tried oh my god
they're amazing they're like giant cocoa
balls but then there's the occasional
like oval shape one that has like no
Tillery type stuff in the middle oh oh
grams
nothing they're slightly inferior to
cinema' grams Oh No otherwise I was like
in fear
about cereal I like we chose myself yeah
I know well why do I fight like we chase
and she don't really really knocks be I
know not with me they used to do a toy
in the box and then it was always if
when I grew up this got to it when I was
a kid they did it
I don't getting any toys but that was
the best because okay but would it be
yeah honey she's dig yeah I was I had to
wait and what will it be like yes yes
yeah I really put toys in Saren anymore
because I've had a twin cereal in liked
it for a I'll tell you the best toy of a
cereal I forgot in cereal
it was this spoons from Coco Pops and
when it was like just it room
temperature it was blue oh oh yeah I had
fur they're amazing
ah nano brother used to fight over here
open the cereal first because they got
the question is from Victoria Victoria
India price from VIP EXO calm and she
looks calm and she asks why are you all
such babe I know the answer to this
actually okay cuz we were made gonna
babe babe factory and we eat baby food
and we drink babe juice how we wear babe
whew I like that I do my name so many
times it just makes me think of that
pink baby they thinking that'll do Pig
that'll do you guys like Brittany I'm
guessing any Britney Spears bicycle I do
like I usually love her maybe not so
much anymore she went a little mental
when I first went my husband he had a
poster of her in his bedroom did she
look smoking was smoking hot uh she
looked smoking I wish I did um her
greatest hits album she looks smoking
hot man when she is I'm a slave for you
that video I like actually that was
really good Monica I 5 remember her
outfit not she's a missile like pink
bikini with jeans and like she was quite
she was our saucy do you see but you
want to buy a body stocking at six wore
ski crystals all over it like in her
other than yes cuz I know I don't have
useful fingers or fingers for toes
fingers were toes because you can be
like a monkey and like grip things stuff
oh so I can pick things up but oh don't
worry
let's you could hide in use but you
can't hide twos or threes like this yeah
ask questions are you gonna join it yes
yes I will never lie again at a movie
theater which armrest is yours
both of them I like both yeah I do I
like this to anyone else I don't like to
sit next to any more if I'm sitting next
to someone I know I'll go for the home
rests on their side which is probably
bad you're like hugging your mates own
restaurant in the screen yeah I think
it's nice yeah that's what I mean close
to them like if you go with your
boyfriend you're not gonna be like this
is get away from me an elephant-sized
puffy or puppy-sized elephant I had this
in my last Q&A video I think I would
like a puppy sized and a fellow fish
though another cute it would kill you
yeah like so excited bound it to lick
you and drown you want you gassy which
one elephant elephant thank you one
what's most embarrassing thing that's
ever happened to you
so my second most embarrassing story was
I was at school and it was like own
clothes a week before hey Angie any
students regimes daehwa oh good old G
Angie know there's this guy I quite
fancied I was talking to him I was
lunchtime we were walking and then we
went off in our set for directions on a
books way he actors ugly troll on Mike
because you know back in the day it was
like really cool to have your jeans flat
yeah gene he trod on the back my flared
dreams jeans tripped me up I fell onto
the floor dropped my folder and went
smack and would you fell down so I
everyone in the whole like the whole
street turns around to look at me as I
got up didn't realize that my bare ass
was let out so I got it like like that
basically sticking my bare ass in yeah
um everyone saw my phone oh she was 13
oh goody turns you do yours my most
embarrassing thing so this was a few
years ago all my friends and I have been
on a night out and it's my best friend
Charlotte who's been videos on my
channel before and she lived in this
house that she shared with some of the
girls
so me and my now husband gone down there
organized with my out Charlotte said oh
you and I could sleep in my bed because
I'm gonna sleep on the sofa I was like
okey-dokey
sounds good and because this is what we
didn't live in the same town as each
other as it happened Charlotte had
brought one of our male friends home and
had decided that the sofa was not
somewhere she would like to sleep and
had in fact moved to a different room
with our male friend but had not told me
this because it's the middle of the
night so I woke up at 6 o'clock really
early I was like oh I was so awake ever
I know I'm gonna go see Charlie and give
her a cuddle so went downstairs into the
lounge which was dark and there was
someone on the sofa to do this like oh
so I snuck up into the duvet got under
the deer bed and I gave you we need two
lovely Flint like that this person rolls
over all right white beautiful bunny it
suddenly dawned on me that it wasn't
sure and it was her flat like housemate
I had not met
either so she woke it up to me so I go
love you Tiffany like 6:00 a.m. I was
like well she swore at me and I was like
oh sorry she was like what the f and I
was like I was like sorry sorry
something I thought your show I thought
I was a spy she's like okay I'm lovesick
Sperry I mean I was like still and I
just might have said we're back in two
shots really textile I was like I gotta
go downstairs and I have like wait there
like four hours until shot but I think
sorry Vicki I made it thinks you were
Charlie house if I still can't look like
that in the eye I can't even think
anything advancing now compared to ha ha
ha ha ha obviously I have a perfect life
is don't have any embarrassing moments
happening to you yet I'm fell over the
street once I was going bad things are
we were asking about what it's like to
live in the UK marvelous it's pretty UK
like I've never lived anywhere else
so yeah it's all I know I really like it
myself I wish I was earning yeah oh yeah
somebody asked us so weird this is the
strangest question somebody asked us if
we ever had a sensual flush weird dream
about each other so come on guys I said
I'm very sure I'd read about you before
because it says much time together but
not in a way
Justin all that did I read you about
anybody in essential way no think that
was a bit of a pervy question big perv I
wonder if the person who also does have
centuries back
oh my
II tell us your central dreams about us
in the comments thank you for watching
guys I hope you enjoyed it
just some stupid random question yeah
come on I think is Yahweh stop I just
had a baby
sorry faux fur and we're going to do a
question today which is to answer some
of the things that you asked on Twitter
we've had some want to do a question
today a video to say I took I'll tell
you often you can annotate over the way
no you're killing me oh so that my life
is just a series of embarrassing event
this is now the Darcy and flash show is
it doesn't hold on
