hello everyone it is me and Louise again
yeah oh hi and together we are going to
do a haul video an H au l ho haul
we went shopping did we ever well we
kind of knew that we were going to buy a
fair bit oh wait we ought to say this is
actually on both channels except oh yes
version will be in fantastic quality and
edited nicely my version will just be on
my regular camera not this like most
amazing hammer in the world and unedited
so it were the same things we're just
going to do it twice and but why not
well we figured since we both bought so
much that it would be nice to both have
a video of it to keep for our memories
and to show everybody obviously the
world not just to keep for ourselves
show them what we bought right you turn
everything to a song quite a problem you
do it's a disease I think it is so shall
we start with the first place we went
yes which was House of Fraser yes how's
the freezer Oh 90 House of Fraser is
basically a department store yes a nice
one really nice which has lots of
different makeup brands in it yes and we
took those of photographs in it um and
another lady when excuse me you can't
photograph our stuff and I thought don't
call wire cell lipglosses
stuff treat them with respect woman I
don't and I sort of thought indeed
Graham it anybody does anybody actually
know why you cannot take photographs of
makeup in a shawl so we went to NAR the
winter dollars I popped my NARS cherry
and bought a duo which just thrills me
this is the NARS product and it's
beautiful it's the most pigmented thing
in the world it's gorgeous if this one
is called you're a dice yeah I would say
that's what it's Yuma dice and it's a
gorgeous like deep plum with soar like a
blue
Sparkle and the other one is sort of a
Blacky green with flecks of gold in it
except multicolor glitter in that one
though it's very finely milled so it's
not glitter glitter is it no it's just
no water as a hint of glitter because
it's so gorgeous I got the same one good
ring pretty Quinn's twinny
also from NARS I picked up a blush in
lustre which looks luminous it is a very
gorgeous I would get out at peachy color
mmm
I would pee peach peach color which i
think would look quite nice in the
spring and it has um like golden shimmer
I think from what I can see there's a
shimmer not a glitter I would yeah a
shimmer so I think that'll be a really
nice one this spring next then we went
to the body shop and we did I - for one
thing which was the green apple bath and
shower gel um and it just smells just
like green apples I also bought their
fantasy that that's very reasonable it
was over 2 pounds I also picked up a
fuzzy peach which again was 2 pounds and
this one is also delicious and it smells
like peach would you believe oh why did
you not buy this one I wasn't thrilled
with that one I do like it
also dang got some of these lip balms
because and boys shop actually sent me a
few lip balms and I really enjoyed them
so I decided to buy some more and I've
got rasberry which is a pink do they
come out very colored on your lips uh
not really quite other quite sure yeah
which I like I don't want to add too
much color although as always you just
use a lipstick and my favorite which is
guava and this smells ah delicious I had
a good smell that I never took so pretty
but yeah I really actually like these
and these were only two pounds to the
last very long
do they make you feel like ya long for a
long time yeah I like scope and the last
thing I bought was a candle because I've
got so much skincare that I need to test
out and try there was no point in me
buying any skincare from the body shop
so I thought I'll be a bit different and
I'll buy a body shop candle which I
didn't actually know they did and it's
in case it comes in quite a cute little
box actually Mike that would make a nice
gift
yeah would actually nice little gift and
this one is a low and soft linen scented
candle with essential oils and it smells
lovely
all righty right earlier if it's got
essentials it burns better doesn't it
like if just the horny now don't get
like a waxy residue again went lush lush
we got the obligatory flush times I
think just walking around there with it
sure also I think I love spa we're gonna
go to the spa aren't we hopefully lash
spur she was explaining it it sounded
really cute look it's like it's like
they set it out to look like an English
kitchen apparently event tree house yeah
like a country actually know someone
who's been to runs fathers she said it
was the most amazing thing in the world
we need to go it's quite pricey I've
just noticed one facial for 75 pounds
golly gosh yikes
yeah but in his sixty minutes how do you
massage your face for 60 margin oh but I
want it I actually only bought one thing
but I got two samples which is really
nice but I'm going to share them with
sewing because she didn't get commit any
samples which seemed a bit unfair I
bought a slide perfume actually which
was I think about seven pound and it is
called love and you untwist the cap like
this and I think it's like a pushy
everyone yes it is oh you'd have to push
on with your finger and it's sort of a
peachy pink color now Zoe I don't like
it does not like the smell of this but I
think it just smells like literally it's
just do you know what it smells like
some mango um boss little bar that's
what it smells like to me mango but it
smells amazing and you just literally
just like
two little little rubdown a little rub
deftly you want some yeah Robin I've had
geophys oh come here
okay thank you have it I'm not even
kidding
to me it this smells like feces that
smells right that's why they've given it
away as a freebie
all right oh it's half of it oh this
also doesn't I can't really really
strong like at Milton's vomit and I'll
share them all right folks I did okay I
bought the first thing that I noticed
when I walked in the door was this you
little rabbit look on the top is this
hoppy hoppy Easter I think this must be
limited edition for the Easter time and
it's so cooped I just want to keep it
like this forever
you don't want to approach a photograph
it a will and it has um a carrot
reusable over a fruity reusable
character swish around your bar for
nearly never-ending baths and a fluffy
egg bath ballistic oh bloody eggs are
amazing I think it's fun a little bit
like Snow Fairy mmm
really sweet yes no fairies amazing so
and the carrot it's not a carrot I'm
sweating out I like a Bunny's bum then
lastly I bought the no no drought like
no doubt again no I'm dry shampoo which
I thought was quite interesting I'd I'd
seen um somebody else review this and I
I remember who was I seen a couple of
people talk about it and it looked quite
interesting and actually very very good
so I thought I'd give it a go we
sprinkled a bit in your head and we look
nice it was really good and I nearly
bought it then she flakes out at the
tail at that hey I go back and buy it
but I felt like let's do a little
demonstration
no no I'd rather we didn't maybe another
time oh and then this is where the
damage was done my oh my look like much
but these are city always tea bags and I
think the main problem was that it was
three four - yeah all beauty brands so
rather than just being about oh I've got
enough um like oh you need to fight two
more things let me pick up two more
things that I know the one thing I owe
you to buy two more things looks about
done okay so a lot of things were quite
similar because yesterday we found a
video with fur of Fleur de force and we
did top five drugstore products for
Louise's channels and watch that on her
channel and a lot of the things that
Fleur had me Louise wanted because we
were like oh that's so cool and we not
seen it or don't think so we basically
went out what everything Fleur showed
which is bad and then so Fleur you are
such an enabler oh you yeah
so I actually needed a fit tan and I've
been using the galius Braille miss for
some time now I thought I'd have a
change so I bought the gaudiya on the
seller no streaks bronzer tinted self
tan gel plus golden shimmer that is a
mouthful he looks like this and I'm
excited to try it's good to try new
things
ah looks a bit like Marmite but that's
what you want in a fake tongue if you
ask me so I then bought a selection of
Revlon lip glosses and they're all just
so super sparkly there's like a pink
sparkly one and a peachy sparkly one and
then a white sparkly one and the white
shocking one has like iridescent blue
sugar in it pretty
and wonder man so viewed I got that
too actually
it was funny I spotted it and I went and
showed Louise and she literally stopped
what she was looking at and ran round he
said everyone left I thought there was
only one she watched like barged
somebody out the way excuse me to get it
and they were like um this one is called
crystal water is already where's the
water
this orangey sort of peachy one with
gold Sparkle is peony
puny peony and this fuchsia one with
gold Sparkle is called hot pink array
understand innovative names no not
really I like this one they crystal
water we then got these which Fleur
spoke about in a video and they are the
L'Oreal color infallible iridescent
finish loose eyeshadow thingamabob ease
but they're not loose the ball silicones
you what the same brown color we both
bought Sahara treasure and I bought
flashback silver they come with a little
stopper that keeps them pressed down
which is really cool and then obviously
like they all lose their semi loose
aren't they Tammy Fleur and I bought
Sahara treasure which is a taupe shade
yes
taupe a Goldy taupe and then we've got
time resist white which is just a really
pretty I think this one looked really
nice in the corners of the eye then I
picked up some bronzers because I'm
going to do some bronzer reviews so I
picked up the collection mm shimmer
shades in a way to glow ah
see what I did there I love it when they
do a bit of a comedy name
that's way to glow I also picked up the
bourgeois M de lys deport through de
least he pulled the lid wood um and it
looks like child glare
all right it smells like chocolate too
huh
let's see let's do the smell test by
Jove it does we smell it yes oh I just
did my nose
it and I also bought the 17 instant
globe bronzing powder for face and body
I just really liked it it big like look
I mean it's gonna last you a while yes
and you can really open swirl on with
your brush the next thing we've both got
because of Fleur are the Mabley
Maybelline Color tattoo 24-hour entries
it says gel cream so they're a gel cream
like a Paint Pot so I would say they're
actually more creamy than a Paint Pot I
bought turquoise forever
I also on and on bronze and I got on and
on bronze as well I think this would be
nice as an eyeliner color well that
would be nice pop next next up we both
bought the ears as well um these are new
and they're the L'Oreal really called
L'Oreal crease so was caress the lolli
our caress is that what they are yes the
caress em lipsticks and they're like the
butters the Revlon lip butters and I
love the packaging of them I think
they're really pretty and again this is
Fleur that may just love to go and buy
this the last time we spend time with
you um and they're just really really
pretty
just lovely and they're quite sheer but
you do know that they're very very
moisturizing look they feel like they're
quench EULA kind of like a a really
really tinted bomb mmm super tinted bomb
I bought three which is lovely rose and
also 7 which is cheeky magenta cheeky
magenta kuchiki I bought cheeky magenta
and dating Coral I don't think it's a
daring coral but it's actually dating
Coral
well as in the coral of dating or you my
date was wearing it I don't know a as I
have decided to do a sort of high street
slash drugstore foundation review video
I've selected quite a couple actually
not couple selected quite a lot over a
Laura lot a broad spectrum of brands
I saw these two today and these are the
last I wanted to add to the collection
to try to review for you lot so the
first one was the Rimmel wake me up
foundation I have that and it's amazing
so anti fatigue effect and radiant glow
I also got the real wake me up concealer
in ivory which promises to give an anti
fatigue effect and radiant glow so I'm
looking forward to trying that as well
next I got the bourgeois one two three
perfect three correcting pigments for
imperfection skin this looked quite
interesting because it says it has
yellow pigments for anti dark circles it
says it has mouth pigments or is it move
or move move mouth move pigments anti
dull complexion and green pigments for
anti redness so this sounded actually
quite interesting so I'm looking forward
to trying that one and I got that in
shade 52 which is vanilla whilst you
wanna shoot those I was at the
Maybelline Stan maybe she's born with it
it is Maybelline I actually have a
Frankl Faye you recall Faber lean oh
that's quite a nice name if that was a
real name
well once I said what's your name short
for she's like guys it's very blue
really well I believed it Chios I call
it amazing but she was she was yanking
my chain pulling my leg doing all of my
eyes lying you lie up so I bought three
of the color sensational lipsticks which
are like a really sheer show than the
really sheer and they look quite
moisturizing so I thought they would be
nice to add to all their than many lip
products I bought I don't think you have
enough lip that's now I don't think I do
either and I liked the case stick it
just looks really pretty and I'm looking
forward to trying those in her tongue is
everything for me you know what colors I
got sorry yeah coral pearl cherry candy
and pink fizz
well this was Louise's fault corset well
I'm gonna blame you for this one um
recently you were sent you went to the
press day thing for pixie and I couldn't
go so I missed out on
and Louise said you need to get these
eyeliners because they're absolutely
amazing are amazing and then shouts :
Oh tryna run line she did a little
demonstration on my hand which I kind of
still have because I haven't actually
used anything to probably scrub off yet
which makes me seem grubby but it was
only like today today um and so in the
end I ended up getting number 9 which is
Easter glow which is really really
really pretty
Goldy pearly iridescent Oh beige pretty
guy laughing and I also got black cocoa
which is a really dark deep brown and I
love my brown eyeliner so it's a me
winning it was a good
so blendable oh there we go there's a
little picture so amazing okay so that
is everything that we hold all today and
I think you agree a lot but it excites
me there's so many things to use and try
so many blog posts I did learn a high
street slash drugstore splurge yeah I
don't do them often enough I don't think
do you well I never buy a lot of things
in one go I always buy like a few bits
here and there but sometimes it just
feels nice to just go a bit crazy let
yourself go
thank you so much for watching I hope
you've seen something that you've kind
of liked the look of and I would
definitely advise that you take a trip
to boots because all the makeup is 3/4 -
I don't know how monkeys on 4 but go now
go now guys go goodbye we be rollin
rollin rollin rollin on a river left to
fit man in the city good job in the city
what can fall I met every day and then I
have a loss for me I don't work out the
way my bed big wheels keep on turning
the primary key-term write something and
roll in right and I I and her all I
don't like that worth very much is it as
it sounds at all yeah
it just sounds weird and I also got
netten I am for my channel going on a
little earlier for my channel I've
decided that I want to take taste my
channel so to taste ovation la la la la
la oh my face
okay that's it let's say we saw a crazy
clown smashing on the window with a
pastor on his head
okay gone then oh oh oh my I can do you
love me for my channel at no no decide I
just move on from it okay for my channel
I've decided
laughs it right right
honest to god this is all right guy
don't look at the camera oh stop
snorting okay what this channel I've
decided that I want to test foundation
that's really funny but I was so tired
tapping okay I genuinely sorry it does
okay I'm I'm really jealous I'm enjoying
it don't control myself
okay where I say okay and I have decided
that um for I give up you say it
