moment I saw you I never felt such a
motion I want it on and just to know
that you are best just
I'm here today with Louie of a sprinkle
of geta you may recognize that from like
most of my videos - laughs get that
laughter and I have come here today to
her town of dwelling mr. Webb I know you
said it then borrowed well where she
dwells and and I drove here and I'm here
for a few days what would you do
I drove him I drove her I always do that
and today we figured we would do the
best friend tag sorry about that noise I
have a child as she makes sounds because
they don't make children silent
it's a shame she hasn't gone mute button
Oh that'd be great
you can do best friends through your
friends and ones that friend everyone
number one how long when did you meet we
we first got talking on the interwebs um
cuz Louise loved my blog and she just
involved me to let me know which I
thought was really nice and she was just
lovely and me and then we clearly I was
pregnant
um oh my god you're pregnant and I'm
like yes because I watched all of
Louise's videos videos and then and then
I was like you know something research
about that I know we like became a
friends I'm like every social platform
you can like email Facebook Twitter we
became obsessed with each other met a
vet when I was four months pregnant a
and then you came over we met a few
times per house and now I was just like
oh now we just like lovers but without
the Lovering okay - what's your favorite
memory together I've got one what's
yours and we actually got about it no
I'm thinking of a selection now I
thought I liked it a lot when we did
that video about um was it cool
that was funny oh we actually as she's
talking about video that she actually
has on her Channel yeah I think I took
it down
thank you yeah why the quality was awful
I looked horrible or a wife horrible so
did I I'll consider
it's funniest video ever and my favorite
memory Oh God
it's Rob we were on the train oh are we
like just laugh like you notice in our
videos it shows us laughing we know like
we don't breathe and we're just like
laughing hysterically and I like sigh
it's like tears coming down my face yeah
we did that but on a tray
it wasn't any normal train it was a
train that was like Hoppus 9:00 at night
and everyone on it anything at work so
they're like so and we we've picked a
Rhema distance to sit next to really
miserable woman who was like yeah move
your bags you're like Booga bags please
and we just got the canoe with sort of
something that it's that be I love so
much actually thought I'm going to stop
because I'm actually gonna be sick
you know you don't seem actually like
just got force myself you stop laughing
question 3 what describe each other in
one word I would describe you talented
talented yeah in what way everywhere
everywhere I won't describe yours
telogen your times but I wouldn't say
that was your word I want two Scotties I
mean you are solid only show your
thoughts that would describe you is
talented your tongue sure you don't we
fall back into the videos gonna be like
if I my head at the same level as you
and this looks normal now
hey what was that what is life I would
describe you as a hand the Kazi look you
have malarious oh thanks Tyrone is
hilarious even in like serious moment
maybe we should paint a voicemail that
you left me this is my example of us
being hilarious
I'm sure brings me totally normal voice
my like hi it's Louise call me back
why do you want to be them it will
emotion to choose my voice most like
this thank you Fletcher our email get an
advantage get an aperture and a twinkle
jib and a fat
too much of your kitchen unsuitable and
I bet you an aeroplane scroll thing I
shouted reach out and let your kisses
are an essential sonogram an ascent
follow me
that's Louise in a nutshell that is aa
voice smell a question for what is your
dream job I have to say what I think
your dream job is and you have to say
what you think mine is
yeah and then we'll say what it really
is okay well I think your dream job is
this I think your dream job is this or
dolphin trainer me no big all right
that's swimming though like it's like if
yeah and I would like to UM no solute
dolphins so you just stand at the side
petting them they're very high
intelligent animals you know and the
only other creature on earth has sex or
pleasure but also dolphins they need
they turn one half of their brain I
forgive you but on a lot all time so
they're always any harvest that's
another fact I wish I could also
dolphins are as intelligent as three
year old human what is your favorite
makeup brand I think yours is Mac I
think yours a top shop at the moment
yeah yeah correct
Krrish a well it is something that has
no easier
I know okay
do we fit this thing where we're on the
phone I'm gonna chop
I get really into conversation you
should just go yeah I'm gonna go now
just go yeah I'm gonna go now
I think about these it annoys me
somewhat right I know I do my email
you're like okay Oh like he's never
stopped oh you just she just never stops
and like I always feel like I must pay
the utmost attention since the day that
we started don't have to pay you
attention when you're doing that I do it
to work as well
he always says but I could sit in our
conversation with myself actually could
you could
okay I'm stop talking do I know into
something tonight yeah next question if
you could go anywhere in the world where
would you be and why
where would it be does my Florida of
course yeah you would say that how would
I rather be hmm maybe the Maldives yes
high-five Oh favorite inside joke I'm
going to read any I'll have to remain
inside uh one private jet we have which
isn't even has it come about I said
about pineapple hair on you in India
helpful I'm just stuck yeah well and now
sometimes we just sit down silence and
go in yeah you take longer to get ready
in the morning you I was just gonna say
me you
Carly would tell you she might just like
she just dips her face into some like
like for 1100 ready like you lay it all
out on this video Goods lips like this
do little black for the I know I gave
you Tom do I try makeup I take ages I
don't take that long favorite season
your last summer
yours is autumn red ding-ding-ding boy
am I gonna correct hey hey save it so
favorites oh I don't know
you like adventure fell down that you I
don't know what your favorite song is
quite actually we have a favorite song I
don't believe that show of hands I
neither like no neat when there's so
many songs and a wife wife wife
yeah exactly if you like saying what's
your favorite well with anything what is
it like being best friends with someone
who is obsessed with YouTube it's great
we're both obsessed so we can both do
videos like this however yeah ever
but you and I belong together 13 heels
or flats your isn't it
heels going out yes heels on a night out
over morphine hot my favorite because I
got like sorry about the noise for
child's playing pants or dresses
why should take their pants photos'
became the dress is perfect ass is the
best yes I think you're more of a
cigarette pants kinda gal well they've
not want those in a long time a more
leggings further than you like a variety
everything let's face it yeah we're
dressing like in skirts okay for choice
that's what would not be like favorite
one more yours is a cat cat what's mine
please guinea pig yeah in another heart
they're not horrid when they're
essentially just big rodents or normal
but that's a cute I don't like hamsters
because they're too small and like
scurry action I don't like rabbits
because they kick you in the face and
scratch you but guinea pigs are just
nice in between so food like cats
what could you like leopards and you
like mice but look at what do you mean
there are decent size are a reasonable
size and proportion to a human so if a
human is like 10 units then a cat is
only one 1/2 units and that's about
right for me for the love of an animal a
horse is that's too big for me to love
because the thing is not natural for a
human of say 10 units to live animal
that say 40 units because let one a
horse is bigger than you
I wasn't going to hate you for it
stronger than you I don't have a problem
with horse lovers I just don't look for
horses myself and you know what house
and they sneeze stop green it's brown
because I've been sneeze on my horse
it's all over me ants can kill you they
don't throw up
yes I was like a horse doesn't throw up
so I like horses because she's scared of
throw up throw up no like all right
how'd you - like well it's obvious if it
is it obvious that a horse can't throw
up you know and if your house was
burning down and your entire family was
sure to be okay
what would you say from what well yeah
it's gonna say because you'd want to
save your cat I would save all my photos
and that includes the pic I will actual
pit hardcover pictures and the ones that
are on my lap backup computer yeah I
grab my laptop I think and my external
hard drive
yeah it might sound hard right my albums
sending my photos and if I had touched
my my kid and I'm working to get mine
and mom's wedding dress I'm a my phone
Billy I would just say that my phone was
in my pocket so look for your iPhone
iPhone but part of the iPhone family
favorite moon I don't know what your
favorite movie is your favorite movies
girls on film I've seen it made it
yourself with your friend Gail the
street my mistake girls are fans I'm
like a Paula yeah uh I tell you what
from my doula and I Love You Man which I
supposed to bring with me but I forgot
which you haven't seen
I really like that film I quite like
Paul Rudd I think he's quite funny and
nice and like oh I like the King's
Speech a lot I've not seen an actress I
like you're like kind of old school
films yes I want three my little ladies
oh I like that one you're not you tomato
a little baby I don't
what is something that you what is
something weird that you eat I don't
know about what you eat but I could
taste it with I eat what just mashed
potato with everything yeah my thank you
like I'll eat it with pasta
I'll eat it with on its own with my eyes
capture it's not really weird though is
it I don't really eat if you will just
eat everything not very nice
I liked Oh a while ago it's restage
you're eating an entire cucumber day
how's that work you're pregnant
no after I was pregnant oh oh oh my gosh
did you see on this morning of the day
with that woman who ate sponges she ate
sponges that's weird what do you what'd
ya do I can't bend a look hey you guys
have anything matching Yes No and my
phone hey fellas yeah she's not going
phones on my makeup not any matching
clothes so different sizes and styles
that's it really isn't it lots of
matching makeup lots of matches but I'm
being the main accessories at some point
yes a lot of matching makeup though so
yeah what's your favorite TV show your
favorite TV show is toddlers and tiaras
oh wow Teen Mom and Thomas you're back
we had a battery issue and a tired baby
ready for bed
so we've just hit rebooted the last
question then ask Cristen last one and
it was what's your favorite TV show and
I had already said that mine was team
mom and Todd and Tiaras I just love it I
love all the characters and I left that
on toddlers in tiaras it's so wrong yet
so right like there's a deep part of me
very deep down that wants to put baby
glitter in rhinestone dresses and I know
that too much for a child I know this I
can see it but it's too much but there's
a part of me that just think should be
zero
yuppies carry me through the program
yeah and I will will hello well I don't
know what my favorite TV show is what do
I like to watch hey come new girl
you watch that misery should not happen
but I like that I really like that
I like Joe I do like like America new
programs I think they're good you should
try T moment ah doesn't I've enjoyed
watching the tube oh yeah that last
night are we laying at the to be so
insightful tube of the tube comedy
horror chick flick chick flick chick
flick with a little bit of comedy in it
I like Oh a rom-com a rom-com that's my
favorite
I don't want hotels because they scare
the bejeezus I always like watching them
because I like being scared which is
weird
I like feeling scared but then
afterwards I'm like okay so that's our
tag finished we hope you enjoyed it very
much
yay what goodbye thanks watching
sure
hair and Mindy Mindy and macro oh it's
just a case of your tits don't like shut
up my face yeah you've got like facial
hair okay hi everyone I'm here today hi
oh and I don't
you were like presume you were gonna say
it - I don't we see we saw laughs yeah
edit that out you know I need my god -
so you've discussed a couple of topics
today yes and every sponge there no I
haven't my battery's gonna run out all
we do baby burn disco inferno whoa the
vein on your head is pulsating my what
your vein let's just be protruding the
pole fainting and protruding we're not
worth it oh I have in this video like
please
what I was like this but just even the
thought of it just makes me all as move
on yeah yeah yeah it would not travel
the world together
I've been fun I hate that never move
over through good time with Haskell part
off of good times with you
