hi everyone um today I'm going to do a
video on my Mac lipstick collection who
serve you this may be too many and I'm
sure to some of you this will be hardly
anything so um just what I've chosen to
you anyway because I am quite fond of my
MAC lipsticks it has to be said um I
think they were one of the first things
from Mac that I kind of became quite
zest with obviously when they were
cheaper I think they've now gone up to
13 pound 50 which is quite expensive but
um I guess to some people it's not bad
for a high-end ish lipstick one of the
reason that I really like MAC lipsticks
is because they taste amazing they last
for ages they're really what most of the
formulations are quite moisturizing so
they don't dry out your lips and they
have an amazing color range literally if
you can think of any sort of color off
the top of your head I'm pretty sure Mac
will probably have it
I have 15 I've just got the minutes
tinted I'm guessing that you just kind
of want to see them and see the colors
and know which ones I like and maybe
which ones I wouldn't really recommend
so I will get started I'm going to start
with the one that I have on now I don't
know if you can see it and that is
impassioned which is a very bright I
guess the only way to describe this
color is it's it's not exactly just pink
it may come across that it's just pink
on the camera but it does look like it
has slight corally orange e tone to it
it's just a very yeah a very orange e
based very bright pink and I just think
it's really flattering and really pretty
the next one I have here is color
crafted it's a muted sort of baby pink
color which can be kind of neutral I
guess but it does wash me out slightly I
think it's because it has slight blue
undertones but also is quite
nudee I think I'm I don't think you can
get hold of this one anymore it came out
with the car crafted collection so I
think this is a limited edition but they
often rebrand the same lipsticks in two
different collections so you might come
across this one this is actually a frost
so it's not as moisturizing and it's not
as pigmented but it does leave a really
really nice finish on the lips and I
haven't worn this in a really really
long time I kind of forgot I had it so
the next one is a cream Sheen which is
another formulation I really really like
because it's really creamy obviously
cream Sheen and this one is called shy
go this is more of a Phase II orange II
nude I tend to prefer nudes with a
slight hint of orange in them rather
than beige because I think that they
leave your lips looking a little less
dead and slightly warm your complexion
which is why I really really like this
one and yeah just a nice nude it's not
mega-mega nude but it just leaves a nice
color on the lip so I really like that
one this next one as you can see comes
in extremely bright neon orange
packaging which is kind of half the
reason of water um but this is called
pleasure-seeker and this is a glaze so
this is another formulation all together
which isn't designed to apply a lot of
color to the lips this is more obviously
just a glaze on the lip gain this is
limited edition I'm not too sure if
you're ever going to be able to get your
hands on this again I mean they might
remain OTT with the bright packaging but
it's just it's I guess it's kind of
similar to shy girl in that it's a nude
with a slight orange tint so it looks
nice and natural on and I really really
like that one next up is another from a
collection I'm really sorry a lot of
these are from collections but that's
how they grab yeah a limited edition
you've got get it and this one is called
weight love and it's a
stur so again it's not designed to apply
an awful lot of color on the lips and
the formulation of this one is probably
my least favorite I've used this one
quite a lot actually and I remember this
one being really really popular when it
came out probably which is why I bought
it
and again I'd say that's just like a
muted baby pink color as all my
lipsticks are and yeah the next one is
one of my favorite lipsticks and I know
that this is a really popular one with
everybody to be quite honest with you
it's like the ultimate nude and if
anyone was to say to me please tell me
like the perfect nude I've got sort of
medium to fair skier
I need something that's gonna you know
not make me look worse or nothing too
dark and I would always always recommend
hue and this one is a pinky nude very
very light and it's a glaze so again it
just leaves a nice finish on the lips
nothing too heavy it's not too creamy
it's not going to completely erase your
lips it looks really really pretty and
I've used that one a fair amount as well
really really like that the next one is
also a favorite of mine and it is creme
de nude as you can see I don't really
have an awful lot left
this one is a cream Sheen so I mean I
think cream Sheen's actually my favorite
formulation for the lipsticks because
they're just really really creamy really
pigmented and they're probably the most
moisturizing on the lips so I really
like that one this one is a lot like hue
apart from it has less pink tones in it
so this one is a lot more nude nude and
um yeah like that one next is a frost
and this one again I think is quite
popular although I don't wear this one
very much I probably should and it's
angel it's just this really really
pretty pinky color and this one is a
frost so again it's pigmented but not
overly you know saturating on the lips
it's not going to array
anything too much I would say this one
is very similar to color crafted
actually again a muted sort of movi pink
and yeah really nice formulation really
really nice color if you are a massive
massive fan of Pink's and nothing too
bright or in-your-face then I would
definitely recommend that one I should
wear that more actually next I hope
you're not getting too bored is one
again that was in a collection and this
is one which I saw in the packaging on
the Mac stand and I and it looked
horrible like I'm not surprised this
probably wasn't very popular because
when you see it in lipstick form it does
look kind of gross but when swatched
it's completely different and it comes
out really really nice color so as you
can see terrifyingly scary color there
it's like an orange II brownie nude um
was kind of like I don't know it just
kind of looks like but when you actually
apply it it's a really really kind of
subtle nude and because it's only a
luster it doesn't come out to this it
doesn't come out this color it just
comes out kind of like a subtle nudie
color I do think this looks better when
you've got a slight tan if you look too
pale you wear this you could end up
looking a little bit um ill which is
never normally a great look but yeah as
I said that one was limited-edition they
may rebrand it but it's called vanities
child ok the next one is a pink as you
can see I like my pink and this one is
called snob and it's a I'm so bad at
describing lipstick
it's a pink basically and this one's a
satin so this is a different finish to
any of the others that I've shown I'm
not too clued up on the finishes I don't
go into Mac thinking I need a cream
machine or I need a SATA
I literally just go by the color and you
know how it comes out on the lips but
Saturn is probably it's a little more
matte than any of the others it's not
completely matte but it doesn't have as
much as a sheen and it's not as
moisturizing like this is one that could
cake quite easily and that's a pink with
slight I don't know I'd say it has
slight like pearly undertones in that
one next
isn't amplified again which I love and
this color is gorgeous I probably should
have worn this one today because it goes
quite well with my shirt um but this one
is called chatterbox and this is from
the permanent range as was snob before
and this is a really really pretty I
guess you could say hot pink but without
the brightness so if you want something
sort of a bit more out there but not too
out there this one is a really really
nice one to go for it's really really
nice formulation really pigmented really
creamy I really really recommend the
amplifiers I think they're really nice
and yeah just a really really pretty
color okay next is a creme Cup which is
very very similar to showgirl and plenty
of the other lipsticks I have you may
see a slight trend forming here and a
pink this one is more of a nudey pink
but it's in the cream Sheen formulation
which is why I wanted it because that is
my favorite it's basically a baiji nudey
pink which has a lot more pink than nude
and it's just a really really nice
subtle color for everyday use I am a
huge fan of nude lipsticks but when it
comes to bright lipsticks I definitely
think I wear a lot more brights and
nudes now I mean a lot of the lipstick
that I've just previously shown you I'd
have bought back in my like nude phase
so these three are along with
impassioned which already showing you
some of my more bright
lipsticks I'll start with st. Germain
which I actually don't really like
anymore when I put it on I kind of feel
like I look a bit I don't know I just
don't think it really suits me this is
it anyway it's an amplified and it's st.
Germain and it's basically a blue tone
pink and bubblegum pink and it's really
bright and it's really really pigmented
because it's amplified and it's really
creamy it's a lovely formulation but it
is one of those will erase your lips
completely and it your lips will be this
color it looks amazing with the tan I
really didn't get away with this if
you've got tan and possibly a slightly
different color lipstick lip gloss on
top but um I personally don't think I
suit this anymore so I'm gonna have to
try and make it work with me somehow but
yeah if you like bubblegum pink go for
this one because it is literally the
bubblegum pink of all bubblegum pink
next is a frost and it's cost a chic
which is a bright coral and this is one
of my favorites I think it's a really
really nice coral if you're looking for
something like this for spring or summer
this one's lovely really really
pigmented really really pretty
flatters any skin tone love it get it
okay and last but not least is the
brightest of the collection and possibly
like my all-time favorite secret
favorite lipstick which I just wish I
could get away with in everyday like
life it is exceptionally bright and I
think possibly this one could just be a
going-out lipstick and that is coming
from me who wears bright lipsticks day
today that I say is up big so the
lipstick is show orchid which is
basically a blue toned fluorescent pink
bright pink I absolutely love it an
amazing color it looks gorgeous on any
skin tone literally any skin tone anyone
can pull this off it's very very scary I
can understand that completely like some
people be like woah I would never wear
but it does look really really nice I've
worn this on a number of occasions like
on nights out or going somewhere nice
and it's one of those lipsticks that you
wear and your teeth just look instantly
white so I really like because it's got
the blue toned in it so I really really
really recommend this one if you are
brave enough to try out if there are any
lipsticks that you think I would like
then do recommend them in the comments
feel kind of like I'm quite happy with
the ones I've got I built up that
collection over quite a long time and I
remember when I first I vlogging in
things it was like I had like this wish
list like every time I got paid I was
like I know I can get another one and
and so I haven't just gone out and
splurged completely like I knew of the
ones I liked and I slowly bought them
and now I kind of feel like there's not
many more that I want I know I
definitely want a red and rooby-roo
looks really nice and I think I want
that one but um yeah I've just not
really had any need to go out and buy
one recently I've been enjoying the
Topshop lipsticks as you know so I've
just been trying out other things so
okay so I hope you enjoyed this video
and I've helped you in making a matte
lipstick choice or helped you to realize
which ones you don't like um yeah um all
the way that is it I've run out of
things to say so I will see you all soon
and um yeah I just I can't describe
lipsticks I'm just describing them all
exactly the same lalala I would like
from the matte from the Mac my hair
mouth move mouth
mont blanc
and I'm gonna kill someone because my
hair looks like I kind of feel like
I look like someone from a boyband just
gonna cut it all off just gonna cut it
all off I'm gonna cut my hair off okay
you can't stop me doing it I'm not
really I'm too scared
