hi everyone um sorry it's taking me a
while to make another video but I do
finally have a laptop after all that
kerfuffle and so I can start making
videos again which is good new are you
may notice I have my hair in a middle
parting today a lot of you are always
like I wanna see what your hair looks
like when we were partying and the only
reason I've done this today is because
my side fringe has grown out and I've
not cut it in a while and I can't work
out if I actually prefer it like this or
um side-swept so let me know your
thoughts on that it's not actually
really a proper middle part in because
my if I put my hair in a direction
middle parting it doesn't sit properly
which is really annoying but um yeah if
you're gonna point that out yes it's
kind of off-center slightly but it's
still middle if you may also notice that
the quality should be better on this
because I'm now able to use my Kalin no
ma'am I actually asked on Facebook on my
Facebook page a link below if you don't
already like it it's now alike isn't it
you have to like thumbs up and like it
if you don't already ah can't get comfy
um so if you don't already uh follow my
facebook page then do because I often
write on there and I asked today what
video you most wanted to see me do it
was a choice of three and the one that
the majority of people requested to see
first was the whole video so that is
what I'm going to do for you to do it
may seem that I do these whole videos a
lot but um I just think it's quite nice
to show you some of the stuff I bought
um I like watching the videos so I just
assume anyone else might be nosy like me
and want to see what it is and if you
don't like whole videos please don't
watch it's in the title so you can just
click X if you really really don't want
to watch it
if you do then stay tuned and I will
show you what I've also the first place
I went to which was actually ages ago
now and I've been meaning to film this
for so long
I like left some of it in the bag and
not worn it because I wanted to show you
but then I've seen my laptop died and my
camera went rubbish so I can show you
but now I can so it's a long time
overdue but this is what I bought in
primer and I firstly picked up these
because I like to wear these in the
summer just because I think they look
nice with leggings or anything and these
were actually 50p um I think they were
in the sale I think it's probably
because they were last year's but they
had this year's out as well for about
three four pounds I think two pound
fifties three pounds so I just picked up
last year as well as which looked
absolutely identical for 50p so that was
quite a far got about this stuff it's
probably it's probably quite creased
because obviously I left in the bag to
show you guys so I apologize for that
anyway the next thing is this dress
which I guess probably comes just below
your bum but the one thing I really
really liked about it was I mean it's
just a shift dress it's not really all
that flattering it's got this slight
soft clear fabric at the bottom and then
the sleeves are quite sheer and then on
the very end there's little cream bows
so on both collars not collars what are
these called cuffs that's it on both of
the cuffs is a little cream bows so I
just thought that was really nice and
yes looking forward to being able to
wear at that was 12 pounds thing I
bought which I really really like is not
done up okay so the next thing I got is
this sheer cream slash white shirt and
looks like this it has I mean its normal
length
long sleeves and it has this fluorescent
pink strip down the center and on the
colors the tips are pink so I think that
would look nice
underneath the jumper or just worn you
know as a shirt and that was 10 pounds
as our most sort of blouses and shirts
in primer now this one I wasn't sure off
and I'm still not sure of like I kind of
wish I didn't buy it which is a bit
strange because now I look at it I just
think I don't know if I really like it
anymore and it's this shirt has a really
cute collar and you know I like my
collars um cute kit sleeves and just
gold buttons down the front and but the
only thing I thought I kind of didn't
like about it was um it feels quite
cheap like the material is quite stiff
and I posted a picture of me wearing
this on Twitter actually and I was like
what do you think should I get it or not
because like all shirts in Primark it
was 10 pounds and I just wasn't sure but
um I'm gonna see I'm gonna try it on
with a few things and just see if I
still like it but um yeah not too sure
hmm don't see I got because this is
really creased I'm very sorry I got this
little undo Sando Sando Vande how do you
say that bando um bando and do I've got
one of these and um it's a burnt orange
color which I thought was really really
nice something a bit different
most of the bando skirts I have are grey
or black or navy like kind of plain
colors so I just thought this was quite
nice and that was only three pounds kind
of feel like if I go to Primark and I've
not sort of been in a while I have to
get new pyjamas cuz that's just like a
weird thing I like to do and because I
hadn't bought any in a while and
obviously all the pajama bottoms that I
bought that I showed on here were very
wintry and um it's obvious tarting to
get a little bit warmer now so I thought
I'd get something a bit
more convenient for the warmer weather
so I bought this little place suit and
it's just a baby pink and black spotty
with lace along the top buttons down the
front and it just goes into little
shorts here and with a little drawstring
and then you've got the baby pink lace
on the bottom which I just thought was
really really cute and pretty and
feminine and they look comfy to wear to
bed that was six pounds they have lots
and lots of different styles of these
like floral ones different color polka
dots so if you're strange like me and
liked by pajamas a lot then go check
those out I've actually worn this which
is White's on the hanger I bought this
cream dress which is these of lace
effect cream dress comes down here
little three-quarter length sleeves and
then it just has buttons that do up the
back like that and I believe this was 13
pounds it's really really nice quality
which is why I bought it
and I've been wearing this even when
it's cold just with black tights
underneath but also think it's quite a
nice length for summer I'm really funny
about my legs and I always feel like I
need to have them covered up because I
hate my legs with a passion so anything
that goes just below the knee is fine
for me because I hate my knees so this
covers them which is grand and so that
means I can also wear it in summer if I
get a nice tan on the leg I keep looking
in the screen I'm really sorry I'm not
used to going with this camera and it's
quite nice to be able to see what I'm
filming so I'll just keep staring at
myself in the screen which is kind of
thing next I went to the men's section
and Bristol Primark which is want to go
to always has a really massive men's
that they have a whole floor which is
just dedicated to men's and attire your
home section so I know that they'll
always have something in oh I just
flashed it to you just gave you like a
little preview and I spotted this jump
from like across the shop as like zoomed
in on it and I was like only together
which is this jumper from the men's
section it's just got like an Aztec
print on it
so I tried on a small which was baggy
everywhere but a tiny bit longer sort of
halfway but halfway down the ass cheeks
you don't mind me saying are cheeks a
bit strange to add to a video um so I
went for medium in the end because it
was the same fit around the top but just
much longer and it covered my bottom
which is what I wanted it to do very
much well that was embarrassing as I was
talking about my bottom there was a
delivery at the door for my brother and
we have a glass pane door so he could
just see me sat here with it with the
camera the last thing I bought from
Primark what these little boat shoes
which I think are really cute and I've
one more ready sec I've dirty on the
bomb um yeah these little shoes and
these were I think eight pounds or
twelve pounds I can't remember if
anybody knows put it in the information
box you can't do that
you can't do that for me I don't put it
in the comments and then uh no but yeah
um little navy blue with brown string
things I liked are a few things I picked
up from new look uh they have some
really really nice maxi skirts in at the
moment and I'm a massive massive fan of
maxi skirts because like I just said I
hate my legs so in the summer if um I
can't find anything that looks
flattering on my legs I'll literally
just cover them completely um and
obviously because they're quite floaty
don't get too hot I mean if I wear a
dress I'm more than likely going to be
wearing leggings under it so I can get
pretty hot in the summer
so maxi skirts amazing maxi dresses
again I wear them all the time and I'm
so glad that they're back this year
because otherwise I would have been kind
of punished one I've got I've actually
worn it so it's kind
creet but you get the general idea first
one is just this plain grey jersey one
really nice loose fabric which makes it
really really flattering
although it does cling to everything
like this makes my bum look massive oh
but I suppose you know it's not really a
bad thing and they also have plain black
and I have a really nice burgundy color
as well which I might have to go back
and buy and then they just come with
these little belts but you can change
those I know not everyone's a massive
fan of the belts that come free with
stuff and I think this was $19.99 so are
we getting a lot of use out of that I
saw this on the website a while ago but
they only had it in the tool section and
if you know me you know that I'm
definitely not tall I'm tiny and so I
kind of thought that you know what a kid
order it but is definitely not gonna fit
it had something like 5 foot 7 um in
length and like you have to be 5 foot 7
and it would be and I am definitely not
5 foot 7 so I left it in the end and
continued my search for one which was
exactly the same and then they brought
out in the normal range thank goodness
because I absolutely love it it's this
one
so it's elasticated around the waist and
it's really really flowy and just loose
fabric and it's just really really
pretty and I love the color of it this
is like a nice pastel pinky peach and I
can't wait to wear this the only thing
about it is it's kind of safe through
and I would suggest you invest in a good
pair of nude or white undies because I
tried this on with black underwear and
it was not a pretty sight so but yeah I
really really really like this and they
have so many nice ones in element
they've also got this one a black so if
you prefer to have like the dark color
go and check that out and it was 22 99
which I thought was kind of pricey and
but I know that I'll get a lot of use
out of that because as I said in summer
all I wear is Max's next I just got a
top I really like these kinds of tops
because I actually cut a lot of my
t-shirts to this style so for me to find
one like this it was perfect really
really massively droopy arm sleeves it's
like gay pee
gaping racerback just plain blacktop but
I just like that it's really loose
because you can just wear the little
bando tops underneath and I think this
might look quite nice with the maxi
skirt actually and that was 499 last top
which is just a plain top but I like it
because I like the looseness of the
fabric and the fact that this sort of
fabric just kind of clings and looks
really flattering on it's just this one
with like brownish speckles I don't know
if you can see that like flecked and
it's just got a really scooped neck a
little pocket it's just baggy and that
is $8.99 for that one and they've also
got that in lots of different colors
hares really annoying actually this
little bit here just keeps like dropping
and I'm actually thinking of doing a
video on how I style maxi skirt I've not
ever done a style video I would never
call myself I like uber fashionable or
anything like that but if you did want
to see it then let me know because I
absolutely love wearing them like I said
so it might be helpful to some of you
and um what else did I want to say yeah
thank you for watching and it's get to
like if you like and check out my blog
and my Facebook below and yeah have a
nice day bye hi everyone
oh wait am i filming face out are cheeks
