hi everyone and today I'm going to do a
collective haul of things that I bought
sort of over the last two months and
it's not all mega expensive there are
some like cheapy bits and things i've
been i've been sent to me as well which
you just want to show you as well as
well as okay i'm going to start with
makeup items because there's not really
a lot of that it's mostly clothing and
random things in terms of maker
um I've not really got too much to be
quite honest with you I'm not being
massively inspired by any new
collections or any new things I don't
know why I think it's just because I'm
quite happy with what I've got in my
makeup bag at the moment so I've not
been going too wild it's not to say that
I might not in the coming months but
still and there has recently been a
launch of safe and Glory makeup like a
little makeup stand so I bought a few
things from that from boots and the
first thing is the soap & Glory kick-ass
concealer now if you know me you know
that I will buy any concealer on the
market because I want to make it cover
up my disgusting under-eye circles and
so I bought this in the hope that it
would do something similar it comes in a
little thing like this personally I
think they could have put a mirror in
there for on-the-go touch-ups but they
didn't so don't hold it against them
there's a little translucent powder
there and a little powder puff don't
know that I'll be using that I just
think spreading germs so I'll keep that
sort of separate and then underneath oh
there's a mirror there okay then I'll
shush it seems a strange place to put it
there well I probably would have put it
on the main the back of the main mirror
and main mirror anyway yes there's a
mirror
um and then you've got two concealers
one slightly darker one slightly lighter
and what do I think of this so far I
like the slightly pinkier one because
that shade there is very good for
under-eye circles
obviously slightly so many pinky oranjee
undertones cancel out the blue council
out cancel out the blue
this one though I'm not so sure on it's
very very yellowy so if you've got quite
yellowy skin might suit you and yeah
it's not too bad I can't remember how
much I paid for this I know it wasn't
too much it definitely wasn't over ten
pounds so I think it's quite a nice
little kit I've got that in light by the
way so there's that one first
then I bought this lid shadow liner
stick The Daily Double crayon liner
looks like that it's light pink up one
end and dark Browns or shimmery at the
other end I'm not too sure why I bought
this I think I bought this because I
love brown liner at the moment and I
thought this would look really nice to
do like a thick brown smokey eye turns
out it is very thick the nib of this so
it does make it slightly difficult to
get any precision but I still really
really like it and I would recommend
this if you want to try it again I don't
think that was too expensive
my favourite item from the safe and
Glory makeup is the smolder Col liner
just playing black really black though
like really really dark and and it
actually has a pencil sharpener on the
end which i think is quite a nifty
little invention so um yeah I've just
been really enjoying using that and
again I don't think that was very
expensive
just on - Topshop makeup as you know a
massive Topshop makeup fan I really
think they need to expand their makeup
line because otherwise I'm going to be
owning everything for they've done it
and I got a Topshop voucher very kindly
for my auntie and uncle Christmas if
you're watching hi and and I went into
Topshop and there weren't any clothes in
there that I really liked or wanted to
use all my voucher money on because as
you know that place are like stupidly
expensive so I went over to the makeup
and I picked up two nail polishes and
lipstick first nail polish is in Crystal
clouds which is a really really pretty
metallic sort of silvery color
really really like that's pretty cute
and the other one is called sketch and
it's a dark pearly gray I would best
describe that as so it gained really
like that not really a summer color that
one more winter but still it's still
cold and I've got another lipstick
because obviously I don't have enough
and this is in Brighton Rock don't know
if you can see that and it's just a
really really gorgeous pink and I really
liked it so I bought it this is quite
random but I went into Superdrug and a
lot of people tell me that the Superdrug
own brand of dry shampoo is actually
really really good and super cheap and
they had all the lot all the dry
shampoos available and they were all Buy
one Get two Free for one pound ninety
nine so you're basically just paying one
pound 99 to three of one of them's at my
boyfriend's but um yeah I got these and
actually oh and actually they are really
really good really recommend those I'm
sorry if you feel like I'm rushing this
but trust me there is a lot for you to
see and I don't want you to have to sit
if thirty minutes watching all this
stuff next this is quite random but I
will just show you it anyway
and I really like the American Apparel
style hoodies with the white shoelace in
don't ask me why I just really like them
and I actually do wear hoodies quite a
lot I steal my brothers and I steal my
boyfriend's and but obviously I'm not
too keen on paying was it 40 pounds for
one so I saw this one in Topman which is
just a sort of dark blue speckled hoodie
with a white lace tag and this was 30
pounds slightly cheaper and I've
actually worn it quite a lot so I was
quite chuffed with that went to new look
at the moment they've got some quite
nice things in I have to admit I'm not
the massive astride of new look plates
but
they have the odd gem as top I got is
this one which has a cute little lace
peter pan collar and then it's sort of
like a dark red and it's just very very
floaty at the bottom and very me I like
all these sorts of tops I don't know
when it's recording anymore
is it recording X is this dress which is
actually from the generation section
which is ages 9 to 15 which would make
you raise your eyebrows but honestly
some of the larger sizes in this sort of
range are more like a size 8 to 10 in
like woman sizes so it is worth checking
out that section and it's so much
cheaper so so much cheaper so this is
just a navy blue
spotty dress finished it at the waist
really cute little collar and this was
only $9.99 so marginally cheaper than if
you'd buy that from the adult section I
got this t-shirt which is gray and quite
long and no sleeves and it has a little
wolf howling at the moon which I quite
liked and I also got another one which
was very similar that it has zebras on
it I noticed a zebras then that's how
Americans say I think a zebra and that
was $12.99 I think we had one was the
same same price I just think they look
quite nice is just plain but leggins
boots oversized cardi and you're good to
go the last thing I got from you look
was this scarf which I just thought was
quite pretty like a pale orange and grey
with little brown orange birds I think
that Louise might like this
my $7.99 some juice
I don't know if it's my lipgloss or the
bottle or the juice that I've bought
inside of this but it tastes like
mothballs okay moving on to something
I was kindly sent and this is by a
company called orange circle who have a
website and they do designs on t-shirts
and they have loads and loads loads of
different designs to choose from and
they contacted me just asked me if I
wanted to try outs or one or two of the
t-shirts and they were like massively
kind enough to say I could pick four
that I liked so these are the four that
I picked I also chose to have them in a
men's style medium because I quite
wanted to wear them quite baggy and for
them to cover my bum so I could run with
leggings they do do a woman's fitted
style t-shirt but I just preferred to
wear them sort of Bhagya so the first
one I've got is on a white t-shirt just
plain white and this is the design on
this one I don't know if you can see
that because I just don't know if you
can so I've got that one I got this one
I'm not really showing you these very
well I think that one's called cosmic
circle I got this one which is on a
slightly different colored background
t-shirt this is called M ash I think and
it's a little mustache so I like that
and the last one is this one which just
has a floral cross on it so I really
really like those hopefully I can sort
of do a few outfit of the days and post
those on my blog but thank you so much
for sending me there is they're really
really nice
I leave the website below if any of you
want to go have a look I - while ago I
was contacted by a company called style
compare
which is a website where you can in fact
I've used it so much since they've got
in contact with me because I think it's
such a good idea
you literally type in ad tech and it
comes up with everything as take from
various different shops which sort of
saves you having to go looking in all
the different shops it's a really really
clever idea I'll leave the website below
for you so you can go and have a look
and they contacted me and let me know
that I was in their sore top 10 haulers
on YouTube which i think was really nice
and quite cool and also means I shop too
much clearly and they offered to give me
some money to use to buy things from the
site so I definitely took up the
opportunity and I'm just going to show
you the things I picked and the first
thing was this Aztec style scarf this
was actually from Topman I don't know if
they've still got it in there because
obviously I got it slightly before
Christmas but I absolutely love it it's
a snood or snood and it's just as tech
print and to find that literally just
typed in Aztec and it and it came up and
I really liked it
i also got this top i'm sorry if it's
slightly creased it has been hanging in
my wardrobe
this was from Urban Outfitters it's got
quite a sort of substantial scoop at the
front just dark grey and it has like a
really really deep scoop at the back and
this is actually in the sale and Urban
Outfitters I really like that and I
can't wait for it for it to be summer so
I can wear it next thing I have won a
couple of times you may have seen it in
one of my videos and it is this Topshop
dress and it's just cream and it just
has this really cute little collar and
it just sort of goes out like this and I
absolutely love it again I think it's
really me and I think you can wear this
casual Abe also you can make it look
quite formal depending on what you wear
with it so I got that as well and and
the last thing I got from there was this
warehouse bag now I have a lot of little
satchel style bags and little bags I
sort of carry around with me I just
think that I'm so uncomfortable ah I
just think they're really useful to have
I just don't have many black ones
and obviously sometimes Brown just
doesn't go with every outfit I don't
even know if you can see because I'm
holding up um and it's just like that on
quite a long strap and just open up it's
really sturdy as well stay tassel as
well that's all the clothing beauty and
makeup things out of the way so this is
quite random and a lot of you might be
like you're weird but um I like sort of
quirky old things to store stuff in like
in my room I don't like to just have you
know plain cupholders for brushes I like
to buy little trinkets and little old
things and basses and I don't know I
just like old weird things and so I went
to this little shop sort of near me that
sell soft as house clearances and
obviously they just buy things from
people's houses that they don't want
anymore so I went in there and picked up
a selection of tins because I want to
store my jewelry and my makeup in things
but I don't want it to be modern I don't
know I just wanted something a bit more
exciting than just a clear plastic
drawer so I went and found all these
cute little tins I don't even really
know what I'm going to put in them I
guess I'm just going to put whatever I
can find in them but yeah the first one
is this little Alice in Wonderland tin
it's just like that round Alice in
Wonderland really cute it's like raised
slightly and that was 2 pounds and yep
don't know what I'm going to put in it
yet probably earrings or something I
just thought that would look quite cute
on my dressing table
so what that the next one I bought is
mrs. tiggy-winkle which is a British
name it's British at shame or too short
story
child story and that's just in a tin
like this
so that one yet and that was to pound 95
I just think that's really cute last a
coinkle the next one I got is this
little one I think this is this used to
be a little biscuit tin and it has
little squirrels round the outside again
I'm not overly sure I'm gonna put in
this but I like it the next one is this
cream crackers one actually bought this
for my boyfriend to put in his kitchen
because I just think it looks cool
because it's so old and retro and it's
just Jacob's cream crackers and it just
got it's so old it's like oh it just
opens like that obviously not going to
put food in it that would just be a bit
gross but no you could put something
that so yeah and then I bought this Thai
food tea tin which I think I might put
makeup brushes in so there's a little
retro lady with her Thai food tea so yes
I got those then I really don't know I'm
going to do with these but I then found
some old tin badges our just picked
myself I'm not going to show you these
like all individually because that would
just take me a long time I did take a
picture of them and put it on my Twitter
so if you want to follow my twitter i'll
put my twitter below and you can go find
it but and these are some of them oh how
am i going to do this this is my
favorite one I'll just show you this one
it says mr. softy I think he's an
ice-cream man and he has ice cream hat
and I like it and these were all fifty
key is an old Disney one so if you have
any ideas for what I can do with these
really cool badges do let me know
I've got an old Doctor Who one which I
bought for Louise because I know how
much she loves Doctor Who but secretly
pretends that she doesn't
I want quite a few have to be said I
think I had a bit of a mad moment
what strange hall this is also one of my
favorites I'm a Jackie girl Jackie was a
girls magazine from a very long time ago
and Heinz invaders but yeah that's just
a few things I've got recently and I
hope you enjoyed the whole hopefully I
mean I know that you like my holes but I
don't really have the money to go out
and do them all the time but hopefully
when I don't have to be spending so much
money on everyone else and what I did
have to buy a new laptop I can start
buying things for myself again properly
thanks for watching bye bye I like it
already
I feed us in idea does that mean good
night hmm
that's enough now
