hi everyone um this is my first video of
2012 so happy New Year and I hope you
all had a great Christmas and you're
having a good year so far and I've not
made a video in a while because I'm
having big troubles editing like I said
in one of my previous videos I've got
this beast which records in HD and it's
really clear and it's really nice and
but I can't edit the HD video on my
laptop because my laptop is so old it
barely stays on basically and obviously
I can't use my brother's my brother has
got a more recent laptop but it's still
not as good as I need it to be in order
to edit HD nice video so it's kind of
frustrating because I can film on this
and it looks amazing it's really good
quality
I just can't edit it and my laptop
either crashes or um it just it's really
laggy so I can't edit it properly
because I'm watching it and the sound is
completely out of sync and it's just
impossible so I have to use this camera
which I can just about edit on my laptop
in fact it's kind of impossible so I I'm
gonna have to use someone else's laptop
to edit videos on from now on until I
can get a new laptop moving on from that
and I have a few ideas for videos but if
there is anything that you would like to
see please don't ask me for a room tour
or a boyfriend tag I've made a mental
note of these and I may or may not do
them I don't know those two are on the
fence type video so you asked me for
those just ask me for anything else that
you want to see on my channel because
it's a new year and I want to try and do
more videos when I can I mean hopefully
if I can get a laptop from somewhere
magically then I can start doing it
properly and I'll get more into it and
it won't be such I mean for me to film
edit and upload probably takes like a
day and a half because it is just such a
mission
and so I don't see get more time I can
video more and it would just be a lot
better okay so today's video I thought I
would start off 2012 with video on my
2011 beauty favorites I've seen quite a
few videos of this office that doesn't
make sense
I've seen quite a few of these videos
and I've really enjoyed watching them
because I think it's a true
representation of things that people
really really like and then obviously it
just makes you want a gun I'm going to
start off with makeup items and the
first thing is I mean I've seen this in
pretty much everyone's 2011 favorites
it's the collection mm lasting
perfection concealer dinner that's put
in focus because I can't see I think
I've repurchased about seven of these
eight of these maybe I love them they're
so good you can use under the eye blend
out use it on spots it's just amazing I
don't ever think I will need to use
another concealer from now on eyes wise
and eyes wise that sounds weird I've
mostly been doing a bronzy gold brown
smokey eye most of the time I started
doing this because I was bought this duo
from NARS which is called um is old
don't know if you're going to be able to
see that and it's basically what's fits
messy sorry these colors here and you've
got a light bronze Goldy bronze and then
a slightly darker bronze and I've been
absolutely loving these and most of the
time you will see me with brown
eyeshadow I've mostly got these on I
think the reason that these work so well
for me is because they've got an
undertone Orange they're slightly orange
II um which means obviously because I've
got blue eyes color spectrum blue goes
really well with orange and it really
makes my eyes stand out I think I
definitely noticed a difference when I'm
wearing these to say a black or gray
smokey eye so I've really been loving
that I'm using it quite a lot
if you've got blue eyes or even if you
don't have blue eyes you don't have to
have blue eyes to use it but it really
really really makes them stand out and
I'm not going to use a word pop because
I hate that word
on top of the eyeshadows I have been
using a brown Kohl pencil
um previously I well I used to use black
I never used to use anything else but I
actually found out the brown probably
works slightly better for me so the two
that I've been using are Chanel pencil
and this one is called ombre which is an
a no-no and it's just a brownie I don't
know if you can see that color I just
really like it it's really complementary
on your eyes and then the second one is
this Topshop one and these are
relatively good price oh I probably
should have sharpen this before I went
to show you because it looks really
wonky and that is just a brown and
that's called saddle I think yeah saddle
so those two liners I've been using a
lot mascara wise I have mentioned this
before another video I think in quite a
few videos this is the best mascara ever
personally for my eyelashes anyway it's
the number seven exquisite curl and I
think the reason it works so well is
because one it's not a plastic brush I
don't really get on with plastic brushes
and two it has this like curved wand so
it really grips all your lashes and I
don't know I just find that my eyelashes
are a lot more they've got a lot of
volume and they look longer and a nice
shape as well and I've got that on now
so I probably repurchase these about
on my video six times throughout the
whole year or whenever it came out oh
yeah really really really like my
phone's ringing
we never answer our house phone hey sit
on to my eyebrows I didn't actually get
this very long ago but if you're
familiar with beauty boxes then you'll
know of glossy box in one of their boxes
and they had one of these HD brow kit
and previous to getting a box I've never
heard of hate gbrowse obviously I mean
it was something to do with eyebrows but
I've never heard of a brand and and it's
basically a little eyebrow kit comes in
four different shades um I've been using
this every single day on my eyebrows
before I got this I never used powder to
fill in my eyebrows I always used a
pencil um
and I mean I just figured that was the
easiest way because he wants to fill it
with powder a brush actually using a
brush you can get much more precise and
and kind of more natural finish to your
eyebrows and so I've been using this
religiously every single day since I got
it and the show that I use online is
this one down here but it's also really
really good if you want to do a smoky
eye like this brown hair in the top I
like to use if I'm doing quite a
dramatic brown smokey eye obviously in
the corner and then this one here is
really nice to use in the corner of your
eye and also I normally hate brushes
that come in like little compacts like
this but I really like this one is it's
not angled on one side but I push it use
the mirror just to demonstrate angled on
one side and then just sort of thin
brush on the other side and I actually
do use this to fill them in I don't find
it too tricky and when you're on the go
and you don't really want to whip out an
eyebrow brush so yeah really like that
onto my face
I four bronzers I mean I've got so many
bronzers and there's so many that I use
and like but I rediscovered this one
about it for nearly three years I think
I got it ages ago
and I sort of put it to the back of my
drawers and a completely forgotten about
it and I got it back out again probably
about five or six months ago and I've
pretty much been using it every day and
that is NARS Laguna bronzer which looks
like this it's just a really nice oh
it's just a really nice um sort of
medium brown slight shimmer so it
doesn't leave you looking like a disco
ball and obviously comes in the typical
NARS packaging that gets absolutely
destroyed by makeup grubby fingers and
and I just really really color of it it
looks quite natural but also it gives
you a really nice healthy glow and I
just like to put it sort of around here
and a little bit on my cheeks as well so
I've been really enjoying that in terms
of lipstick that has been one prominent
lipstick that I have been wearing pretty
much since the summer and I know most of
you are probably like I know what it is
and it is top shops infrared lipstick
and this is the one which I've worn in
so many of my videos it's the orange
lipstick and before this year
I never ventured into orange lipstick I
didn't even think it would look
flattering on I just thought orange why
would you wear orange on your lips I
always thought it was either nudes
Pink's or if you're going to go for
dramatic you're going to go red why
would you want a bright orange and and
then I don't even know what possessed me
but I just thought I'm just going to buy
it because maybe I was feeling a little
bit sort of brave that day I'm not too
sure I bought it and I absolutely loved
it and I'm pretty much wore every single
day again I think it's the color orange
I just seem to suit orange I think a
nice um if you like you don't see
lipstick you look
stupid well maybe I do but I like it
I think it suits my skin tone and orange
actually makes your teeth look much more
white if that's possible like sometimes
when you wear a red lipstick I think it
can go to one of two ways if it's a blue
toned lip red lipstick then it can make
your teeth look really white if it's
more pink based it can make your teeth
look kind of yellow so I think Orange
somehow just makes my teeth look really
really white yeah loving Topshop and
it's this year last year whenever it was
my favorite perfume which some of you
may find it's a slightly strange because
it's not designer and it's not celebrity
inspired or you know the typical sorts
of perfumes people buy it's actually a
Mac perfume and it's makto aquatic and
they had this in the permanent range for
ages and it had a just a pale blue lid
with black base and it came in a little
small thing for 16 pounds I think it was
30 mil and then it disappeared and I
went into Mac and I said where's the
perfume gone and it's my favorite
perfume I've probably repurchased it
about seven times but I just wore it
constantly last year and then it and
then when I upped did ask her Mac lady
where it had gone she told me they'd
been discontinued and I nearly had like
a mini breakdown and I left and just
thought right well okay face facts you
can have to find a new favorite perfume
that was until about two three months
ago when I was on the Mac website and I
had relaunched it and changed the bottle
I think the bottle is gorgeous it's
really pretty and and also it gave you
the option of buying it in 50 mils
rather than 30 mils and a 30 mil and a I
think it was 10 mil rollable which I
think it's really nice idea for your
handbag and all three sizes have really
cool packaging and I was so happy that
they had brought it back and I mean it
is slightly more pricey the 50ml was 36
pounds I believe but I'm willing to pay
that because I absolutely love the smell
just smells amazing skincare I'm gonna
do my favorite fake tans because I know
a lot of people don't like to fake tan
which is fine and a lot of people find
fake tan a little bit scary and I am one
of these people because for me being
quite I mean I'm not massively pale but
I am quite pale so when I take time it's
quite a big deal because if it goes
wrong I look ridiculous
so I actually managed to try out quite a
few fake tans last year and these were
my favorite brands and sort of formulas
one is tan solutions and it's not a
brand I've ever heard of before they
contacted me and they did contact me and
just said you want to try out our fake
tan I was like yes sure I'm always up to
try and fake tan because they are so
expensive to buy and get wrong like I've
still never ever purchased a scent repay
because I'm so scared that for 30 pounds
it's going to go terribly wrong so I was
up trying these seeing what it was how
good they were and I've got these two
and my favourite and along with the
lotion which I have actually used
completely and the bottles now gone that
the lotion was my favourite it was
literally just in a bottle and it was
like a liquid and I used to apply the
tanning mitt put it on the tournament
and then just apply the liquid wet and
it would just dry straight away and the
next day are you just wake up and just
look glowing it was really nice but the
other ones in the collection which I
also liked was the self tanning spray
which I've never actually applied a fake
tan woken up the next day and gone oh my
god I literally looked like I'd been on
holiday for two weeks I was that dark so
just be aware that some of these can
really really make you dogs if you're
super super pale I probably wouldn't
recommend this at all and then you've
got the mousse which I still really
liked I know a lot of people sort of
stick to most because it's very easy to
use and the spray was sort of easy to
use I would say the liquid lotion was
was the easiest and the best I also very
recently got sent a tan by the brand
he/she
and I think this brand is aimed towards
male and female and people or see he/she
and I don't know many males that tan but
I guess this makes them feel less
embarrassed going out buying some
because I know that maybe secretly a lot
of guys like to do a little bit of
cheeky fake tanning when they think
their girlfriends not looking actual
town itself is really really lovely this
is the gradual tan I've got here which
is great but the actual tan that you
apply in in his instant is amazing I've
got it on now I don't know if you can
tell I'm even a little bit tan I didn't
put too much on I think go overboard um
again it's a lotion like I think I've
discovered this year that my favorite
type of fake tan is like a liquid lotion
it's just in a bowl tip on brown liquid
whack it on really runny literally a
watery consistency using a fake tan mitt
and just put it all on so that's he/she
so that's another one that you should
check out I'm definitely going to be
repurchasing these for summer this year
faked faked up one last thing this will
be no surprise to a lot of people but my
favorite skincare off year has got to be
this Oh before I use this I didn't
really have a prominent skincare sort of
steak or didn't really have one product
that I used every single day it was more
just trying out so many different brands
I probably gave my skin a bit of a hard
time you didn't ever get used to
anything there wasn't anything that I
ever used I thought wow this is great
um and then obviously when I use this I
just thought I'm going to be using this
forever this is I've not used this one
yet this has just come in one of the
little kits so you get a little muslin
cloth and the cleanse and polish whoops
I think this is about 13 pounds for one
of these it it works really well and
does my skin a whole world of good
my dad's going somewhere outside just
gave me a little wave so yes Liz out
cleanse and polish definitely my number
one skincare of 2011 and it's going to
be my number one skincare of 2012
because I love it so much I don't want
to change it
hey that's everything that I loved in
2011 I'm sure there's other things I
used a lot I think those were my staples
and things I reached for definitely
almost every day so I hope that was
useful for you and I'm sorry again I've
been absent but life gets in the way
sometimes and then your laptop dies so
it's not really like I can do about it
and hopefully I can video a bit more for
you though and my throat really hurts
bye guys thanks for watching
