hi everyone today I'm going to do a
Christmas tag because if you haven't
already guessed it's Christmas um to
help me with my Christmas tag I thought
I'd employ a little Santa's helper
so along along you comes please come in
this is my little helper for today uh uh
says little else and yeah um okay before
we start the tag I firstly like to point
out with that on ancient chairs it's not
we like to call these the Titanic chairs
because we think they sound like a
rocking boat so if you hear that noise
when we move stop now stop now oh you
did sube hear that noise when we move
it's not our bottoms it's the chair I
promise you okay now I've got that way
okay so there's been quite a lot of
Christmas tags on the internet but we
don't really like any of it we took a
few times we liked and sort of made up a
few that we wanted to answer so if you
want to do this Christmas tag then
please feel free and leave it as a video
response to this video so that we can
watch it and get into the festive
Christmas
doo-dah
the first question when do you start
getting excited about Christmas
well I said get around mid-september you
said getting about my son get oh don't
say head about mid-september like the
man wore one now or back in the day just
know when what does he is back in the
day we'd have Christmas and then Boxing
Day and after New Year's I start get
excited Christmas again I was when I was
like hey yeah that's never as good
Christmas is earnest and also but then
towards in but nowadays I saw get
excited about and about that 23rd 24th
of December I'm excited now he's lying
well no no I start getting excited about
Christmas is probably end of August
yeah straight ill you you put in 2007 I
start going and it starts getting colder
it's like I do enjoy very when it gets
dark early I don't know why that's what
is it just reminds you of your mask you
like Christmas
question number two we finished that
point yet
yeah do you still have advent calendars
yeah
yes I'm nearly 22 enjoy 321 but we still
have effect Islanders our grandparents
always buy us one yeah thank you
you never too old for advent calendars
my having kind of this year's like you
know you want to get like a joke on the
inside of your door when you're Chris
having kinda yeah by effect
- says like trivial questions and
someone will say things like no no mouse
and it's so hard
masked by one from my grandma also you
could pick the Mars bar and I I thought
I'd be generous brother and let you
because I knew prefer Thornton's and now
I think that was for you anyway back to
the point
it's like proper trivial questions like
back in 104 ad a trivia question what
was father Cory Smith like your father's
favourite Christmas films might work
okay we've got some here because we're
organized
I like Muppets Christmas Carol this is
Carol we love that we watch on Christmas
Eve
oh yes snowman people I also like Susan
is okay I also like the father Christmas
one that's done by the same guy Raymond
breaks we also like jingle all the way
this film is brilliant either blue cats
fortunately act but it's quite fun it's
 film we also like the Grinch who
doesn't like the Grinch this is a
classic niceness film he's good and the
best Christmas film of all time l yeah
amazing
oh this is a strange one if any of you
have seen this film please write in the
comments if you've watched it because I
bet you know like don't say I don't die
you have to tell me the plot of the
story I'm not going to tell you what the
plot is if you've watched this you'll
tell me in the comments the greatest
store in the world this was on TV and it
was the best thing I've ever seen in my
life so I managed to track down the DVD
which is probably some weird strange
copy but it came from all the way from
Canada which I got on eBay because I
love it so much
sorry is this do you like this Phil yeah
it's quite good I was one of the films
Christmas films always the other
reindeer wash good it's fat like a
reindeer this table may think it's a
reindeer I'm not really a fan of Miracle
on 34th Street no I know what I thought
I don't know why I'm sorry other ones
what's that like old-school one there
was like raised on about so the best
point of my last one
no see now I don't want it I've never
seen I've got up a phobia of watching
black and white film to make you feel
sick to watch him so I don't
yeah those are our favorite Christmas
films if you've not seen any of those
check them out
question number four any funny Christmas
memories haha
no really there is loads obviously me be
an exciting little twonk yeah we've got
a bigger home video of joe being like
the most overexcited child over
everything star wars and he has got that
up on his youtube channel so i'll leave
a link to that in the down bar if you
want to watch it I think it's definitely
worth watch it's also got a little mini
me in it as well we're all dressed up
for Christmas obviously I'm not al
excited Joe but it's still quite funny
to watch no I don't really think oh I
was gonna say no yet we caught their eye
open but I'm sorry oh so funny
Oh funny at all my cousin fell over like
split the side wrong yeah got funny
Christmas memories
talk us through your typical Christmas
day right huh well yes me is still like
what we used to do first when we were
children it's pretty more exciting yeah
so you would say wait wait let's stop
yeah Tainan turn right okay yeah soaked
over time we would plan it out in school
and rehearse Christmas morning I know
some really nervous bad miss bunny $3.99
we used to have to decide who is gonna
go into whose bedroom because we didn't
we get not get stop it little stockings
we get like pillowcase sized things with
blows Preston and then father Christmas
would always leave them at the end of
our beds so when we woke up they were
there you feel a nice burn yeah and then
obviously this is before the days of
mobiles I'm pretty sure nowadays someone
could just text a brother or sister and
be like you week but in those days we
never knew every Warwick so one person
had to go into the other person's
bedroom so we decide who was who it was
gonna be then we've gone knock on mum
and dad's bedroom it was like so you
always have I may have had a snowman on
my family my Christmassy program like
the whose Christmas special wasn't good
and we'd ask it we come in among the
dead wood saying no it's half past five
get what to bed go back to bed can't you
say this we were really young this
wasn't like two years ago yeah and we'd
open our presents our mum and dad's bed
and then after that we would kind of
have breakfast get up get dressed play
with the few of the toys that we got our
stockings snacks and then I guess and
get to about 10 11 and we'd come
downstairs and watch bit Christmas TV or
I'm a dad still getting really and then
with your presents
he's feel like one tree
then we just sort of lounge around a bit
more food and then we'd go enjoy rose
house you like auntie's and uncles good
lights or alternate let's walk and bang
bang down switch around let me have our
Christmas dinner normally around 1:00 -
yeah it's always earlier isn't it yeah
it's only rose about one or two and then
we've been table that ages cup C then
you have pudding then you have cheese
and biscuit then you have like after
eight mints yeah and we stopped played
games at the table and then everyone
comes away from the table feeling really
full we have like tree presents tree
presence which like rose from the tree
and then we all just kind of use it and
sometimes you do a secret santa as well
which is always good fun really want to
do that telling fun anyway they will
joke presents but and then we just watch
TV and then by then everyone's just
plastered anyway
number six what do you eat for your
Christmas dinner
everything varies in different countries
than it which could be quite interesting
we saw we have everything traditional
English Sunday is obviously a turkey a
big turkey but and sometimes there could
be phones always with my line goose or
something I'd always oh why did you say
already essence then I've always wait
for our goose or something and we have
every type of vegetable Rose potatoes
mashed potatoes beets parsnips sprouts
gravy um auction meetings we even have
great buddy
sometimes we really get gravy like you
feel at that explain more Yorkshire
pudding is a Yorkshire pudding
it's like matter I have don't even know
it's made of butter
but butter or butter butter butter is
it's like up just a little bow in gravy
pika awesome rubbish be my good luck I'd
remember well on your play battery well
sorry yes as I guess a roux Bronco and
we have Yorkshire pudding a little
puddings is normally like everything oh
it's just a feast this is why everyone's
like oh I put on weight over Christmas
because I won't just eat everything
seven any Christmas traditions I never
wear trousers for the first half the day
I walk backwards throughout the whole
day Christmas as my only over my left
hand i'm lianca
yeah um we actually I only speak in
Parseltongue on Christmas Day sure well
I think we have more like traditions
when we younger there's not really any
tradition and so now nowadays not
obviously we used to leave food out to
Santa not father Christmas that's the
English version yeah we used to always
leave out like a tradition like glass of
milk convinced place or thing and a
carrot for what's-his-name Rudolph and a
Salima beer but never least even kind of
like a bottom lager and and now we know
because our dad was father Christmas and
he didn't want milk
he doesn't like milk
Christmas um my favorite is shaking
Steven sheikha Stevens very nice that is
cool Merry Christmas
merry Christmas everyone
I like Mariah Carey all of Christmas is
you I saw about that something I thought
was long and then it's there it's Chris
Wright a better better better better man
and I wish it could be Christmas every
day when kids start singing on the bun
thinking to sleep it's Christmas
now that's wizard no what was it then
well it's Christmas it's late okay are
you hanging on your stocking on the wall
oh the weather outside is frightful but
the fire is so delightful
since we no place to go let it snow let
it snow and snow etc Scotland because I
go enough of it
barrel barrel car detailing New York yes
well my view Megan you cheap ugly
 having Christmas yours really
out Oh Christmas Day
best Christmas present so I ever
received best in the worst brevet Oh
Oh Ashley if you watch my videos you'd
understand it's a double-take guest star
anything is called a double-take desktop
user score desktop but back in anybody
knows is it have a clue as I said before
you need to talk to video in the downbar
on Jones channel to see what that is all
about it and trust me you do want to
watch it
hilarious right mine was probably I
remember getting a bike and that's like
like well mini high five yeah and like
two days after Christmas that was so
exciting though I got my eye once I got
beer I've got a bike one and uh yeah I
just remember getting my mini hi fight
on my steps album on the same day it was
the steps one the first step I put it in
my mini - I just played it over and over
and over again it drove me insane I
loved it yeah are we always used to get
loads of lovely Christmas be very
low-key always like no matter what is
where we grateful
last question real or fake Christmas
tree so much controversy around this one
thing is right I know I'll be honest you
get a good shape you gotta think Nikki's
not going to bring out like a fake ones
like like crap I branch out there a
branch it a little to get like a nice
shape my leash like that
yes but it's not real crazy real intense
no nice we always get a real Christmas
tree we haven't never got snap a little
bit mallet Japan Oh smell the major it's
just not Christmas unless you've got a
real Christmas tree and certain people
would disagree we know fake all the way
it doesn't take any longer to decorate a
fake tree than it is to decorate real
world is it yeah alright God for real
but it just means you got by them every
year which can be a pain yes although
we've had a Christmas tree in our garden
maybe you either by reborn you back in
like 1990 or so I'm fourth born it okay
that is all the questions that we've got
so if you want to answer those ten
questions please do
oxi do it hardest in festive jumpers and
hats like we did but we wanted to the
heating's answers blood y'all sorry
taters off so that is our Christmas tag
I hope you enjoyed it and it got you in
the festive spirit and um please do the
tag and leave it as a video response you
do it on your own or you can do it with
a sibling it's really matter we have a
great Christmas and a Happy New Year
happy Christmas and war good night
Oh Merry Christmas since it's Easter we
thought we'd do a video so we kept
turning it still rolling going to sketch
it go it's good Shh
these chairs so nine how's the third
hello ah
no good wait what dude just come and sit
down
this ain't over hello saying as a video
you know we know yeah yeah I'm on you
why but someone told me as a bug's life
too that's not true
that rhymes okay guys you can check it
out on my youtube channel down below do
you actually want me to leave that it
looks like I'm through let me do it
again
oh so that's our typical Christmas Day
oh it is a pretty baby is quite a
latisha you know my coughs they're
like tailor to their faults for Pat five
pounds no 24 about $9.99 for ten finkl
finkl little star that's not even a
Christmas song hey there's no that's
just a nursery rhyme Oh doesn't
Christmas pet ha ha ha ha degress BAM
yeah you like that oh then let's do it
oh we haven't actually showing the
Christmas tree yeah Terra's right there
happy Christmas to all and to all a good
night
hey happy uh yeah we really have
Christmas to all and to all a good night
yeah yeah we hate your own eyes you can
say when you'll have laughing we hope
you have a nice dad stop you've to wait
weeks rent leave a bigger gap oh okay
hmm hey God about New Year come on a
great knee we hate having nice like ten
rounds that thing okay go best Merry
Christmas to all and to
now I come from oh and to all a good
night
and to all a good night happy Christmas
happy Christmas to all
happy Christmas to all and to all a good
night with a ho ho and a silent night
also check the lot I'll be feeling all
right Thank You Christmas to all of you
I I run down that's good good actually
we do our games be rushed happy
Christmas to all a good night
go feeling that one
what are you doing what I'm doing
have a Merry Christmas
