hi I went yes I went to Primark um I did
my usual get up really early gauge
Bristow that's the powerful go-to on
every single video people like which
Primark do you go to its Bristol it's
the best one I don't live in Bristol I
live a little bit out of respect but
it's easier to go there for me than
anywhere else really didn't really
intend on getting anything for myself
because as you know it's December Merry
Christmas really I shouldn't be buying
anything for myself just presents for
other people but um I did end up trying
on a lot I think that's always the way
like when you don't have any money you
see so much that you like and you don't
so you're buying for yourself see so
much that you like when you're there and
you've just been paid you're like it's
not vanilla so um yeah I they go too
crazy not it's not as big as other
Primark hauls and there's a few things
in here for other people which is not
really much point in showing you in fact
there's things in here for baby glitter
which is if you watch Louise and you all
know she has a little baby and I bought
a few things for her but I don't know if
I should show them because Louise will
watch this even if I say Louise don't
watch this part she'll still watch it
just quickly before I show you the stuff
I bought from Primark I just want to
quickly say in my last video I mentioned
briefly like really briefly that I
actually said with panic attacks and a
lot of you who saw asking me about them
talking about them and I've actually
since then done a blog post and all
about it so if you do want to read that
I'll leave the link in the downbar hey
that said I'm gonna now show you what I
bought in Primark
there's a lot of nice stuff in there at
the moment there are a lot of things
that I wanted to buy which I didn't
I was quite well restrained I know some
of you look at this think you weren't
well it's trained what you want about
woman I thought I was quite well
strained okay first thing this dress
oh I hope you can see it um it has a
really nice little collar like this
little pocket goes in it waist and it
probably comes to about just above my
knee which is perfect length and I just
thought this was really nice I might
wear this on Christmas Day although when
I did try it on even though I loved it
so much I was like mum are you sure I
don't look like an air stewardess or
something I feel like it's very formal
but I really liked it and that was 15
like that and it does come with a little
slip thing to go underneath
I got a snood or snug I know a lot of
people call them different things
I call them snoods because well it's a
double Oh c-come is really far away from
me look and stretch my whole hand out in
front of you and yeah it's just a really
big chunky one and I wanted one like
this because I've got a few but they're
quite thin and it is very cold here at
the moment
it's all molting everywhere and I really
like the color of it the color is
natural and this is five pounds which
hmm I thought was quite a lot for a
smooth but for what readers more I got
this which is a little tunic top and it
has birds burrows little birdies on it
and a cute little peter pan collar if
you know me by now you'll know more
about Peter Pan colors sorry if you get
bored of me showing the same sorts of
things but
and one thing I really liked about this
was it was only six pounds bargain so I
uh huh oh I found these if you know me
also you know my method sucker for leg
in nowhere leggings all the time in fact
I've got some one right now and um I
found these which are like super fix off
riding ish type leggings and I really
like them these ones are in Cranberry I
just look like that and then I also got
some in black just plain black and those
were only six pounds each so I knew I'd
get a lot of wear of those because I
just wear leggings home time next I got
this shirt which does have a little bit
of makeup stain edge on it because that
was me when I was trying to get it um
really nice low color little bow and the
sleeves are a little bit um what's this
called like bell something I don't know
no sleeves and it's actually slightly
longer at the back I don't know if you
can see that than the front so it looked
really nice over leggings and little
skirt oh and that was ten pounds
like most shirts in Primark I I read
about these all the time but I wanted
some more because two pairs isn't enough
so I've got two more pairs because I
know a lot of people like to get home
and like get into their joggers or their
pajama bottoms I think these are a nice
in-between I don't they are pajamas but
I just like to wear them when I get home
from work and stuff so I got these ones
which are cream with little brown stars
oh oh
I can't even begin to explain how soft
they are
just want to rub out my face but I won't
because they're just the makeup on and
like the others these ones are five
pounds those ones and I just got a plain
great gray this is blue we just got a
plain blue pair and with a little spotty
bow these were also five pounds no it's
really bad I don't live in these but I
just throw what comfy especially in
winter when you're cold or like when you
get the bath and you like all feels snug
and you can just put them on the last
thing I bought is this little black
shirt and it's got this little sequin
tan color which I thought was so cute
and it's also three-quarter length
sleeves and there's a little tan bit on
the end with a little black button and
yeah that's that that was ten pounds now
that's everything I bought for myself I
told you it wasn't that massive for me a
little pile but but I do have some
really cute things that I thought I
don't want to show you them okay Louise
if you're watching this I want you to
look away now
I will leave a time in the annotation
for when you can re-watch the video but
so now do not look and if you do look
then I will no longer be your friend
okay the first thing I've bought for her
were these little booties look how cute
they are and these were two pounds it
was a little cute next thing I got I got
because I just saw them and I was just
like oh they are so small and adorable
tiny little mittens
little stripe ones and a little plain
pink ones they were only one pound I
don't want to see if my hand will fit in
here
no I don't I'll ruin them and then I
bought this little hat with ears a
little mouth face or whatever that is
and it's so so soft and it has like
little ear flaps and tiny little mittens
it's to keep her fingers warm I think
this is probably for a newborn child but
I did kind of put my hand in and think
would that fit on Darcy's head yes I
think it would fit on her head so I got
her bat and that was three pounds
I just love shopping for babies I really
do and someone else have a baby so I can
buy you something Thanks
the next thing I got because I saw it
and I was like oh my gosh that is the
cutest thing ever
it basically comes with these little red
cords little turnips at the end there's
some tiny look and then it comes with
this little t-shirt which I just thought
is really cute and sore thumbs out the
bottom it's got this really pretty
Norrell print and a little bit of lace
and some buttons flower buttons so all
together it will look something like
this so if you can see that Oh cute
another seven pounds for that and the
last thing which I found in the sales
section which I just thought this is so
baby glitter and also so Louise and is
this little party dress it's pink and
fluffy and it's got little buttons at
the back but look how cute this is
oh I wish I was small enough to fit into
this but yes I think that is just
she leaked cute and that was reduced
from eight pounds to four pounds and it
comes with little satin nickel oh so
cute so yes that is everything I got for
baby glitter on my little Primark Serge
I do actually have something else for
her but those are her Christmas presents
so I hope she likes them that is
everything I bought part from the
t-shirts my boyfriend and something for
my dad so that's it I hope you enjoyed
this video and I shall hopefully see
using I like the table I home hi rush de
casas we go got myself high five high
five
come on you do like a brother right now
oka strip this to crisis
so no presents finding the Christmas you
are where we're gonna do yeah I've got
some hominy well he'll work Oh
cuz I I'm the only one that's bought any
Christmas pretty enough to put around
those making look like you skip some
empty boxes immediately only Chris's
friends of you bought J
