hi guys it's me again um I'm I've just
filmed my makeup bag contents video and
makeup bag corners I've just filmed a
what's in my makeup bag video and I just
thought since I've got my camera out
since there's nobody listening to me and
I have quite a nice playing background
I'm going to do another video I asked on
my Facebook page link below what videos
you guys wanted to see and quite a lot
of people said an updated what's in my
bag video because obviously I've got my
new bag and actually thinking about it
the contents of my handbag now are
probably completely different to the
contents of my other handbag so I'm
going to do another what's in my bag my
handbag is this one which is the one
that quite a lot of people have it's
just got some gold studs on the bottom
and poke it at the side oh yeah and yeah
I really like it it's quite a nice size
as well it's not like huge so that you
lose everything in it and it's not too
small you can't fit everything that you
need so I've just firstly like to warn
you that I literally not taken anything
out of this so it could be a complete
state but I'm gonna show you anyway
because I think that's the joy of a
what's in my bag video okay first things
first my headphones for my phone because
obviously coming up on the train I don't
want to sit then for like an hour not
listen to anything my tube my oyster
cars I have to because I bought this one
ages ago and lost it so I bought another
one which is quite cool because it's got
got Prince William and Little Miss
princess caked on it which i think is
quite nice and then I found my old one
and now that one's in the - so I don't
want to use that one so I'm using this
one that's not in the - and and it's in
my little doggy box tube pass tinny
which I got at the event which
I like so I keep that in there next it
is my purse which is different from last
time this purse is a Patrick Cox purse
but if you can see that and it just has
gold studs on it and they go all the way
up the back and I absolutely love it and
it was my mum's and there she let me
have it so I was like thanks and inside
it has cards up both sides and then the
money bit in the middle and I don't know
if there's anything really that
important in here and I have my rail
card not gonna show you the picture cuz
three embarrassing I have my boots card
and my driver's license but quick
forward from that I have one of these
Milly's things because I'm in Paddington
a lot
I like to buy the cookies because I'm
fatty um
he's always like the guys always like
John drink and I'm like my thanks just
some cookies
he's like you get drink for cheaper and
I'm like no thank you
just some cookies and he always gives
you one of these I think I think he just
really wants me to buy a flippin drink
but I'm not going to buy a flippin drink
for Milly's unless they're really nice
let me know um I have a Nando's loyalty
card obviously and me and whiffy
recently filled up a whole thing of this
so we got the free chicken so now we've
started a new one so it's sad there's
not long I've got a random five pound
H&M card because I went to H&M and spent
like three pounds on some jewelry and
they were like thanks for shopping with
us today you've got a five phone hmm Bob
Joe I was like okay I don't know why the
person in
Janome was speaking to me like this
because they definitely didn't speak
like this oh no what I'm filming Louise
why do you want to do the through you
and I failed hello
sorry oh right what should I get - oh
yeah hmm card I was going through my
wallet that's right my purse even and so
yeah hmm about which I'm not spent yet
as some a a road cards because if you
will have read my blog about my disaster
on the m1 with my old car and this this
one old car then you will know that I
broke down and it was really crap so now
I'm with the AAA
so if I break down then I'm all good and
I also have a McDonald's thing with some
stamps for free coffee or hot chocolate
what else do i ha I cost a club card a
debenhams beauty oh god that's really
stuck in there
Oh a debenhams beauty Club Card my
Superdrug card and a nectar card is that
everything in there I have no money I
have some receipts free eye tests spy it
really so that's everything my purse
awesome - peace because some reason I
never have any change which irritates my
dad especially now I have a random
factory shop voucher that's worth five
pounds down after shopping now go to
admit um have a flake because who
doesn't have a flake in the handbag some
tissues which are cupcake tissues which
i think is quick
and a little mirror just lipstick
applications I have my camera charger
which I'm going to need in a minute
because the battery's running out and I
want to go blade up I have a two
clap a wire cell to shuklar in there
which probably should I begin my makeup
bag I have a very small weird sample of
oops of the DKNY be Delicious perfume I
just think that's quite cool cause it's
like handbag sized had my contraceptive
pill I was going to hide this but
there's not really any point a YSL and
eyeshadow duo quite nice like that that
should we be able makeup bag as well on
the ear ring and this is really annoyed
me saying this in my handbag because
when I was at home I was looking for
this earring and I left the other one at
home so now I'm wondering with me in
London which is fabulous I have a lots
of chewing gum that's fallen out of this
box because these boxes are rubbish they
all fall out so I'm just going to pop
them back in there maybe
everyone needs chewing gum so extras I
don't actually like the blue flavor I
like the green flavor but they didn't
have a green box so I bought blue box I
have some comms because I don't know if
you know but I actually suffer with tag
attacks so I keep those with me don't
know if they work but just in case what
I have a Holland and Barrett like thing
when you pull off tablets going bathroom
huh
Terry's chocolate orange wrappers
penguin wrapper I've got my top shots
pillow talk lipstick create II got that
on now and my Thierry Mugler Thierry
Mugler whatever how are you close it
perfume which is the angel odor toilette
and it's really cool so I'm like a
magnetic job'
although I will say when you're
rummaging around in your handbag and you
touch the corners of these they're like
the sharpest thing I've ever known
like that one that one there that's
Lethal lethal don't parents in our bag
probably not wise I'm not going to take
it tonight
that's just reminded me I'm kind of glad
I'm doing this because now I'm not going
to be carrying around tons of crap in my
handbag oh I have my Apple ring which is
extremely old I'm pretty sure I bought
this for my Claire's and I was about six
have a silver ring I think this is from
new look I think and I think that's
everything
oh no the pockets the pockets oh these
are so grubby
some train tickets oh these are some
earrings that I bought from forever
forever 21 who to the fight like a
farmer so yeah fro 21 earrings I have a
receipt with chewing gum in it mmm nice
I have this blistex relief cream it's
just up quite good I quite like it it's
nice of me quite wise but hair band
another hair band some starbursts star
Beth Sowers some more starbursts
just take that out some more chewing gum
my favorite green let's go
here's another lipstick this is cream
machine shy girl koala light one nice
won't wear that I've got so many
lipsticks with me today I have a receipt
news cookies receipt funny up lots of
bobby pins bobby pins another ring this
is from lee Melrose shop another ring
which is like the other one it's gold a
penny I have a sample of a perfume which
is Moon Safari memo patty memory Paris
we're gonna cool that smells delicious
I might wear that today well I've got no
choice just spray yourself
once our skittle which was in the pocket
that's really nice
another penny a ring just a plain ring
another penny there's anyone else do
that you get any change and you just
can't be bothered to open your purse
so you just chuck it in your bag o4p and
ahead of the hairband and that o pin why
do I have a pin that's everything that's
everything in my bag
wow that is a lot of rubbish so yes that
is everything that's in my bag and my
word of advice is when you travel
anywhere aunt it first so that you're
not left with loads of rubbish
everywhere you go
so I'm going to throw a lot of this away
now and then put it all back in so I
hope you've enjoyed this video please
don't think I'm a messy cow who eats a
lot of snacks and sweets such uh-huh
yeah hope you enjoyed the video I'll see
you soon bye bye dick dick
that is ridiculous
is it a nice language well I just need
to get dressed and then I'm all ready to
go pretty much just sat here doing a
naked video okey-dokey like I don't like
a sandwich that's got lots and lots of
butter in it or lots and lots of
mayonnaise or lots lots of salad cream I
just like plain stuff what explosion
what what are you okay like ice made to
you later or like you did you did
I wonder what adventures we'll have
today I'm excited to see when I love you
too Oh chop chop and a live squirrel
