hi everyone um I am in London at the
moment staying with my boyfriend and I
just thought do a lot with a vlog today
because I am shortly meeting Louise in
Houston and we are going to an event
it's the look Beauty launch event I
think which is in central London so I'm
going to go and get Louise and then
we're going to go to mama watch last
time Louise came to London for event I
was supposed to meet here in Houston but
I was locked in my boyfriend's flat
which was extremely amusing and Louise
had to go get the key and rescue me I
did actually film some random vlog
footage of birthday which I might insert
here hey I'm wilting up with Louise as
you know finger glitter and Barbara the
pleasure made um we're going to meet I
was going to meet Louise and 12:00 at
Boston and this morning everything was
going wrong literally everything is
going wrong my boyfriend has literally
just moved to a new flat I only have
only done Everett it's about 1:30 and
we've got these new - you can see only a
Jewish sect cut stroking let myself in
an hour
um and he has he had two keys left on
the side which were for his neighbor
which we did thing might be to his fun
so she's got a key so she lets up
another
you know the security reasons of
something weird anyway we thought oh
that's okay I'll use these keys and I'll
post them back to the nest box after
over at the door oh so I'm all ready to
go and I did four key in the wall and it
doesn't fit Wilf works in central London
this isn't quite central London's
probably about 35 minutes out so he
couldn't just leave his office to come
lock his door so I could go out so we
come up with the solution that Louise
would go from Euston to free werewolf
works and central London which obviously
I had to director on the phone which was
quite amusing to then pick up the key
from will and come all the way back to
where I am so I'm not sat here waiting
for Barbara and Louise to give me a ring
to let them know they're at the tube
station so I can direct them from the
tube station to flat with the key so I
can lock the door and I can leave and I
can go and have fun because so far this
morning one of you might Dennis tidied
up it's black so that doesn't make me a
great girlfriend but I want you to go
out and play about two hours ago
oh yeah I think they're absolute
troopers and especially Louise because
let's face it she she gets quite panicky
about tubes like I was going to go meet
her at Euston because she doesn't really
like the tubes I mean they are quite
scary if you don't do them along and she
did it on her own so I think big props
to Louise because I know that she was
really panicking about it and she'd
never actually met will from before so
the first time she meets him I'm not
even there and it's a very strange
circumstances like hi can I have your
house key thought I should let you know
that because hold that doesn't happen
every day that you get stuck and Persian
babe and sprinkle Fischer come to rescue
you say whoa well the schpeel that I
just explained to you
I did have a meerkat program on
extremely loud in the background so that
may have been slightly distracting hi
Zoe's goals we just had to go on a great
new tour in London to get will ski and
I'm hot and I joke about the shoes but
lovely had Barbara he doesn't want to
film she's the person basically film
like here she likes triangles I've just
got your breasts in shot excellent
breasts
hey everybody nearly ready to go to get
a taxi to the station I'm not doing that
walk yeah okay I'm not being fun in fact
it's hard to walk okay
I'm deadly serious yeah so yeah do you
like my lipstick it's quite dark I'm not
sure if I like it it's a bit daring but
it goes my nails which is very am red
black and I'm just wearing a top shot
dress right I am going to go and get
Louise now the time is 23 minutes past
so I I'm going to be a bit late so I'm
really sorry wheeze but my nail polish
isn't dry and I always leave everything
to the last minute and I'm just one of
these people who could be getting ready
all day but I'd still be late and that's
really irritating I apologise
you'd be like an interim
what did we see on the floor
jumping around school
and then I stopped and they're
one-of-a-kind stop learning about train
very pointy
chicken where we bury it where are we
now nearly at the top of where Marble
Arch
great Albert like you like seductively
touching my holidays burro
she was getting that beta Russia and I
was like married oh good it was like
what is it for real yep it is for real
the tire - 11 it is not a fable how
dramatic can you get now yeah you feel
nothing I won't just um does anybody
that is a Doctor Who fan you obviously
because you are like me because they
remind you the Christmas special a while
ago with the arachnid sort of local
running scary spider eating yeah always
found them trained to them our game if
you see something you think you would if
you were in a relationship it could be
defense the quality then we do that we
say what time did you keep dancing and
then I say 12 o'clock and then he looked
the guitar clock but that time it at the
time to what time did you film right
it's like the time we saw that sexy old
man coming onto the chili both went 12
o'clock kissed me on my lips yeah you've
got lupin and you've got loads of
lipstick on your bottom teeth Oh chummy
why everyone's smoking because they're
filthy dirty buggers oh it's a man on
accordion there I wonder if he's going
to play it oh if you're not
circus-themed I think he wants money
yeah
I have no coins what a London rates
excuse me and it asked me to be the
accordion in my face
oh don't you start let me check my
checklist
I run Zoe's channels that's okay like
that my guitar your Dorothy thank you
you look so beautiful
