hi three things you may notice the first
is I am in a different setup again I'm
sorry if this is really starting to
annoy you it's kind of annoying me but
I'm actually not at home I'm at my
boyfriend's flat at the moment so I
found a nice bear wall to film on I just
know something ah no no it's fine that's
troubled white walls they just get dirty
second I have dyed my hair I know a lot
of you like the hombre Umbra and so did
I I really liked it I just got a bit
bored with it and also um it had really
damaged the ends of my hair and I just
looked it and just thought Oh like it I
kind of missed my hair looking really
full and voluminous and um braying had
made it a bit sore lackluster and a bit
kind of broken so I have gone slightly
darker than my natural colour I did
actually get them in the salon and so I
don't know the exact colour but um it's
basically just a medium a she kind of
slash dark brown oh do not spin on my
fringe I don't want that to irritate you
throughout the whole process of the
video and thirdly what was the third
thing
oh um I'm using a different camera oh my
god mmm
basically the laptop that I have is a
pile of crap it's I mean it used to be
really good but I guess laptops just die
in the end and mine is just hanging on
for dear life I literally think it only
has a few weeks left before it's dead
but basically old laptops about to die
plus new really nice HD Canon DSLR
camera equals extreme impossibility when
it comes to editing I tried I could edit
a few but I did those on my brother's
brand-new laptop and I can't keep
corne videos and then editing them all
my brothers because it's just not really
doesn't remake upset especially when I'm
in London quite a lot so yeah I'm gonna
have to use this one and I hope it's
okay I hope to be honest I think
quality's fine it's just not my big nice
jazzy camera so sorry about that yeah if
you do have a laptop anyway today I'm
doing a video on well as I've already
explained I'm at my boyfriend's flat and
he lives in London which some of you may
or may not know which is a quick train
ride away from where I live so I'm a
piss of half the time back home half the
time so I bring with me my makeup bag
and I just thought it'd be quite nice
for you to see what's in it so I'm going
to do a what's in my travel makeup bag
because to be honest I don't normally
bring this much up with me it's just
that I'm here a little bit longer this
time and also I'm going to an event
tonight with Louise and various other
amazingly lovely beautiful people and
and so I wanted to bring a little bit
more also I was in a massive rush before
I came up here so I let you just chuck
everything in my makeup bag thinking I
don't know what makeup will do tomorrow
but I'm just going to put it all in
there and I've got more possibility when
I get here so this is a kind of what's
in my makeup travel bag because I don't
always have this much makeup in here but
I'm going to show you anyway the makeup
bag that I am using is this one it has
little even if you can see tiny little
guinea pigs hmm little guinea pigs and
acorns now I don't know what acorns have
to do with guinea pigs but yeah whoever
made this put the two together I don't
know where this is from it was a gift so
yes but um yeah if you don't know I
absolutely love guinea pigs they're like
my favorite animal ever okay I shall
open it this is quite big quite a big
hefty bag and it's waterproof spar which
is kind of good okay first thing
actually Fonua start first thing my bare
essentials mineral foundation which I
just don't go anywhere without
quite frankly and I've got it in the
shade medium quickly spin that round for
you and I have a benefit
powder artsy or powder ROTC or whatever
you want to call it and this was one and
I think this came in a Christmas
collection and it's and it's in one of
the boxes and I've used it quite a lot
it's starting to like you can see which
ones I've liked and I brought this
because I like the bronze out hula and
that is core Easter and then I've got
the little brush in there which I never
actually use so if you have wanted to
try some benefit rushes but you don't
want to pay 23 pounds or whatever it is
for a blusher in a box and get these at
Christmas because this has lasted me
about two years and I love it and you
get like to try a little bit of
everything that way and it's cheaper um
I have my HD brows kit in that I love
this this came in my glossy box and I'm
sure you're all aware of glossy but I
don't want to like to show you the rest
of Wolf's flat so I'm just going to
cover that and it's got the four
different shades and the shade that I
use on my eyebrows is this one here and
the little brush that comes with it is
super useful so I like backed a eyeliner
I've gots to do makeup liner style pen
which I am loving this came in the
boudoir Prive box or boudoir please a
however you want to pronounce it I don't
want but to the French accent so I
really like that just a night playing
black eyeliner or flick Pat I a thing
going on and I have my NARS Laguna
bronzer there love it I've had this for
a while but I've just recently rekindled
my love for it I'm going on now and I
have this Mac eyeshadows thingy and I
it's actually some very old collection I
think a Christmas
and it's the warm eyes palette I don't
know which collections is from I
actually bought this from a car boot for
50p and like use it to death as you can
see it does have a brush but I've taken
the brush out because I just take these
fishes and and as you can see wood
winked is my favorite and I can't even
remember what that color was it's all
wrapped up on the back but it's all gone
and I like to use that one in the crease
so that's good and I like that it has a
huge mirror I've got quite a few
mascaras in here I'm not sure why so
I've got my absolute favorite mascara is
number 7 exquisite curl and that's in
brown black I'll show you the brush
quickly if you really want to see it I
don't know if that's gonna focus because
there you go best mascara ever and I
also have the little Chanel one I got as
a sample um and that is the sublime de
Chanel oh let me show you the brush the
nib on that one
I'm not a massive fan of this actually
it's plastic nib nib brush my pen Zoe
it's a plastic I was gonna sleep pen
then it's a plastic brush Oh throwing it
everywhere and I'm not a massive fan of
those don't you feel like they do a lot
I think bristles grew up my lashes more
the last mascara I've got is this one by
Bourjois I was recently selling this and
it's their rotating one it really
freaked me out at first I was like oh
god um I love the brush it's a bristle
brush so it's got my vote already and
then you've got like a remote on the
handle and then you let you flick it up
can you see it spinning
it proper grabs your eyelashes it's
quite strange because you're holding it
there it's just spinning your eyelashes
and it's like oh the weird noise a
really good mascara but be careful with
the spinny mechanism II jaw be Oh
foundation wise underneath bare minerals
as I said that's how I like to combo my
foundation got my studio scoped in nw20
as always and my collection mm lasting
perfection concealer I think that's what
it's called it's all rubbed off in light
I've also got my benefit arrays paste in
number one and I know a lot of people
don't like this but I love it personally
and I'm nearly all out so that's going
to be another 18 pounds spent on that
way too expensive but I love it too much
to not buy it so damn you benefit to
have an eyebrow pencil even though I
have my HD brows it's got a little brush
on the end this is a do your eyebrow
pencil it's really blunt and I've had
this for a real long time but it suits
the color of my eyebrows perfectly so I
keep that just in case I have a Topshop
kohl liner which I use a lot if you're
ever wondering what brown eyeliner I'm
wearing it's mostly that likely this
it's called saddle so look up for that
all the lids like cracked though which
is really annoying but I still love it I
have my Bobbi Brown corrector even
though I don't really know how to use it
I do know how to use it it goes on
underneath a concealer but I don't like
to put too much concealer underneath my
eyes and I find this really really
creamy like I find it even creamier than
own erase paste so I got that just in
case I suppose I look extra tired my Too
Faced shadow insurance which as you can
see is a complete state it's grubby
beyond belief and it's nearly all gone
so any recommendations for a good eye
base
Loki's ah I have balls of another
eyeliner this is a Lancome eyeliner I
think I got this in a kid it's just
black but it is one of the best
eyeliners I've ever used it smudges
really nicely it doesn't drop down below
my eyes and it's just a really nice
black so I like that brush wise they are
going to be dirty I do apologize I have
just used them I have a Lily Lolo kabuki
oops
going to high Leo kabuki it's alright I
wouldn't really recommend it as far as
kabuki is going to be honest have a
sigma blending e to five which is just
basically a Mac two one seven I have a
Mac a two three to eyeshadow shader
brush my job usually I have a sigma
short shader e 20 I really like these
brushes because um I think I'm really
useful for getting underneath and very
very close to the lash line for blending
and I have my favorite ever Mac brush
which is the oh my gosh is rubbed right
off 109 which I use for absolutely
everything I use this for contour for
blush and just love it it's my favorite
my brother and I have a very I'm nail
polish which I'm about to paint my nails
with why don't keep going up above the
camera here's my Barre I'm nail polish
look it is so great look Oh in red black
one over when I fall and then it says
115 so I'm not sure which is which I'm
budgeting my nails with this so I'll
leave that out as a Topshop lipstick
which I've not actually taking out the
box you're going to show you this in my
whole video but I'll give you a sneak
peek if it comes out you know I love my
Topshop lipsticks it is in gilded think
I'm saying that right I don't know and
it is a dark Lemmy
Rend which I've wanted for a while
because you know it's good for the
autumn or winter oh let's try close that
without breaking it before I've even
worn it for skin creams I've got my
trusty little oyster Iser as my day
cream and then for nighttime
it's got like a remnants of my makeup
bag over it so nighttime I've got my
origins high potency night omens which
is minimal minimum minimal is a mineral
enriched oil-free renewal cream which I
recently been sent and I'm trying out so
that's why I've got that it smells not
so great I'll be honest with you oh it
smells like you know those sweets that
you can get but have like an orange
liqueur in them like a dark chocolate
orange with your sweet that's what this
smells like
most people would love the smell of that
but here's a fact about me you might not
know anything that's not a real orange
makes me wanna gag so I can't drink
fizzy orange I don't like any orange
sweets if I'm eating a bag of Skittles
I'll be a pile of orange left at the end
anything any any sweets I don't like
that's orange II unless it's a real
orange that it's fine so that to me just
smells like really fake horrible orange
smells when I put it I'm like oh please
be good to my skin because I can't
stunts and I also have my backcomb brush
because I have just back combed my hair
this is really cheap actually I bought
this in Sally's I think for about two
pound mine to nine and they are really
really good I think these are actually
specifically for back combing so try
find one of these if you want back comb
your hair ever and then I also have
Tresemme instant refresh which is a dry
shampoo I know everyone sort of raves
about Artiste
but but I recently saw that Gemma of
gems maquillage she always goes on about
how good this is so I bought it because
I thought well gem is never wrong let's
face it and this is so much
better than batiste now I hate batiste
like I this doesn't leave your hair
feeling chalky which is one of the
things I didn't like about batiste for a
start
you've got to make sure you really rub
in the gray which actually is quite
time-consuming and sometimes you just
think I should have just washed my hair
really and it does leave it quite dull
looking whereas this one which actually
is clear so there's no white anyway so
you don't have to rub it in massively
and it leaves my hair feeling super soft
and clean like I've actually just washed
it so yes it may be a pound or so more
but it's totally worth it and also it
smells much nicer I think I think I
think the artiste smells are very sickly
and a bit sweet and sometimes it's a bit
sort of overpowering where this just
smells like clean hair so would really
recommend that
thanks Gemma and and the last thing in
my makeup bag is a little tiny Tresemme
ultimate hold platinum shine five
hairspray which is really really good
and I'm going to have to buy the big
size because the little size is my
favorite and you always need one of
these for your handbag anyway so go grab
one of these and so yes that is my
makeup bag emptied and that is
everything that I've got with me just
quickly before I go on my blog which I
think a lot of you may follow if you
don't then I'll put the link below and
you can go and have you I'm having a
giveaway at the moment which runs until
the 24th of November to win one of these
which I just think is so freaking cool
and cute and it's a real camera let me
just explain some of you're looking at
everything what the hell is that
it's a lomography camera and so you put
film in you can take retro vintage
photos and I know a lot of you who
follow my blog like the effect on my
photos which is essentially me trying to
get an effect similar to what something
like this
do so if you want a chance to win this
not this exact one so see I've used this
but if you do want to win one of these
I'm having a giveaway in my blog so go
check that out and you don't have to
obviously not everyone likes photography
so if you don't want anything don't
worry about it
but yeah that's everything I hope you
enjoyed the video and hopefully I'll see
you soon ah I'm joking I'm not
money-grubbing whore whore no that's not
very bad don't use that word
I'm not a money-grabbing busybody oh I
think I've just smudged black on my face
Oh
