hi everyone I've got another haul for
you today
um this is a collection of stuff I've
sort of collected over like the last
month or so um but I just thought I'd
show you anyway because I wanna love the
whole um I will start with oh this shirt
and this is from new look new look do
some really really really nice shirt I
think personally anyway and for a lot
cheaper than what you would pay in say
Topshop and this one is just
long-sleeved it's got the black
stitching around the ends and then it's
got a little bow which I thought was
really cute
and this was 2299 and I also bought this
one which is in a sail and it's part of
the limited limited edition range in new
look and just move back so you can see
and it's just this shirt and with the
buttons down the front recently that I
really floaty sleeves as the way buttons
and then like a really floaty bit the
bottom and that was in the sale for
seven pounds which I thought was a
bargain
so Wow I also got obviously these have
been popping up everywhere recently I
think they must be in and a quilted
jacket quoted and it's got the like a
bit on there and round the comma and
it's just literally playing there's
nothing else on it apart from a pocket
there and I think it's got two yeah two
pockets there I really really like it
another thing like I've tried on a few
of these but I've found that the ones
which aren't very fitted and not very
flattering on me because I'm so tiny so
they sort of swamp me and make me look a
bit boxy so the one thing that I like
this one was it had like a slight bit of
elastic in the back so it doesn't make
me look so odd and but yes that was I
think 30 $29.99 possibly something like
that which I don't think it's too bad
and it's so warm as well which is going
to be good for winter then went to hmmm
the other day what did i buy actually oh
I bought some of their and like leathery
type trousers they sort of have a let a
little n Lilla they had a leather panel
down the front and down the back and
then elastic down the sides and I
personally think they were really nice I
bought them in a size six and they were
just a bit kind of bag here on the front
I don't know if that's because somebody
who wasn't a size six had tried them on
before me and sort of stretched them a
little bit but they did look a bit odd
and I put them on and said I asked like
ask my boyfriend for his opinion he just
laughed at me so they went back and
instead I got um these leggings I'm a
massive massive leggings fan and if you
don't know already like in winter I just
live in leggings and so I picked up
these which are like more they're really
really thick for start and I like ribbed
slightly and if you can see that um only
bore little buttons these are the sorts
of leggings that you can get away with
wearing with just a t-shirt on top but
not necessarily covering your whole bum
like I know some people like to our
leggings with a short top but I
personally don't think that looks right
because most of the time you can see
their pants which i think is just a bit
so these because they're so thick you
can kind of they liked roses slash
legging so you can get away with it and
they have the elastic panel down the
side so if you can see that so um I do
recommend going one size smaller than
you actually are
I mean these are an extra small so I
couldn't actually go any smaller than
these and they do fit fine I just wish
they were that teeny little bit tighter
because I think because of the elastic
down the side it's all there's room to
give if that makes sense so but yeah
really like
and they were $14.99 I think Topshop
I went to Topshop I'd very rarely go to
shopping in Topshop and you all know
this anyway but I went in there with my
mum because I'd been watching Zoe's
video um zobo and I will link her
channel below she had done a Topshop
haul and she had bought a really loose
sort of cream very fine knit like noose
batwing II jumper it was only 16 pounds
and I was like well that is a bargain I
need it so I went and bought that and I
don't actually have it with me to show
you because it's in the wash I also
bought this which I love but I just
think is a bit too expensive and I might
take it back I don't know it's this it's
a little jumper it's very very thin knit
strike jumper with a little white collar
and I do really really like it but this
was 38 pounds which I don't know just
seems a little bit pricey so I'm not
sure if I can really justify that I
would probably rather go and buy a
little white shirt and then loads of
different types of t-shirts and jumpers
to go over the top I don't know because
I do really like it so help me decide
guys also in Topshop I bought this
lipstick now I think this is one of the
like limited edition e-type ones and
I've got it on now it's essentially a
really pretty Barbie pink I mean it's in
this packaging so it's not the standard
packaging and it's just this really
pretty pink color and this is called
pillow-talk which i think is with you
but yeah it's really glossy as well I
really really like it I really recommend
this lipstick and then lastly from
Topshop I bought this nail polish which
is a bluey green now I'm a little bit
scared to wear green nail polishes
polishes nail polishes but I really
really liked this color it's really
really bright and I really like it
and this is called green room 103 if you
wanted to go and pick that up next
um makeup he wise I bought the Bobbi
Brown eye corrector in she matched me
well she actually matched me she just
looked at me and when you're we this
color light to medium bisque which I
don't know about you but is mega mega
pinky peach quite dark and mmm I'm
undecided on this I don't really love it
and I don't really hate it I just think
I think it's quite thin like I think I
was expecting it to be quite thick but I
haven't really used enough to decide I
don't think I'm using it properly there
um yes that was 18 pounds I think fry
pricey next is I went to a boot sale
again and a lot of you liked seeing with
different things I picked up from the
boot sale so I thought I'd show you what
I got last time and the first things
that I found which were an absolute
bargain because you all know how much I
love it and brand-new never use not even
been touched - Liz Earle cleanse and
polishes and these were a pound each
can't really go wrong a pound each their
refill not even been pumped I found a
little bag and it was 50 P 50 P remember
it and real leather really really cute I
just love it 50p bargain I like the
shape of it it's just a bit different
and you just open it let's go to zip not
a lot of space inside but it's cute just
to take you know on a night out or if it
was going shopping you need a little
hand bag so that's 50 P and then I got
this bag - 50 P which is real leather
again I might use this as a clutch
because I just think it would probably
be nicer as a clutch bag and opens up
like this this is really old like this
is super vintage even smells old which
isn't the greatest smell but it was
P and again real leather just have a
handle um but um I just thought how cute
and then clothing wise I don't normally
buy clothes at boot sales because um
it's very limited you see a lot of
Nath's to have to be octree corners with
you there's not really a lot of designer
e things unless you really really delve
and but I picked up this skirt for I
think it was a pound which is a vintage
e skirt and it's a waist skirt it's just
got these two buttons and then this sort
of fabric and this actually has I think
this is from pop boutique I've never
been to pop booty I'm pretty sure the
label labels look like this they just
say pop in there so I think this may
have originally come from pop boutique
so not too sure but that was bound and
then from a really old cute old lady I
picked up this shirt for 50p um and I I
know a lot of people think why did you
buy that but I'm going to make it into
something I think I'm going to make it
into a dress and it's obviously too big
for me and extremely gratified but I
really really liked the collar and then
it's just buttons like that and I mean I
suppose I could wear it like oversize
like tuck it into a pair of jeans or
something I just really like the color
on it because it's really interesting um
or what I was thinking Jun was tying off
the sleeves so it's sleeveless and then
I'm sewing some elastic around the
middle so it's more like a dress but it
was 50 P so bargain it one more thing
just because um I've been putting off
buying this for about four months I
can't remember the first person to find
this uh who was it I can't remember but
someone bought this online and
everyone's got it and then I've got paid
a little bit more this month and I was
like okay I'm just gonna buy it now
you've seen it before it's the black
studded on the bottom handbag and from
eBay I will post the link to the eBay
seller below if you're interested in
buying it like everyone else and it does
come in other colors it's got the zips
down the side it looks massive compared
to me but it's not it's really not okay
and yeah and lots of pockets inside is
full of all my stuff because I'm using
at the moment so I'm not going to show
you inside because to be quite honest
just erm ads but yeah that is everything
but I have bought recently and seems
like quite a lot but it I mean a lot of
it was from a boot sale let's be honest
um yeah so that's everything I bought I
hope you liked it and I will see you all
soon bye
