stop looking stop looking stop looking
I'm handing you stop looking why are you
looking you're on that wood heater come
on a peeker don't believe it Oh for god
sake anything nothing ready yeah
God hello everybody for today's video I
wanted me and Jose to go through some of
the old toys that we used to play with
however the throwback so you know I have
a bathroom so I'm so excited this video
myself and Joe are both kids of the 90s
so if you are a child of the 90s or 80s
like late 80s then I feel like this
video might even throw back to you as
well if you're a slightly younger viewer
these are the toys we used to play with
ya know what I don't know I found this
is what we had no Peppa Pig
I actually went beyond just getting
things that were kind of traditional
toys of the 90s
Eileen Bay and I actually saw the exact
toys we had oh actually I'm gay like
butterflies and I haven't shown Jo any
of the male toys I haven't shown you any
of the toys that he had okay right so
this is our birthday or Christmas okay
oh it's down Holly hey remember this
tummyache
so this is almost Alana yeah isn't that
crazy
we played it yeah I think we should play
this
oh Christ we had this in like fast and
how did we run you yeah we have this in
the first house we ever lifted even out
we have this game you know oh my I
remember that yeah I'm given that great
everything yeah yeah let's do it
I'm gonna write that a good thick other
physics
yeah with it because it is exciting but
it's not like it's like something we
just used to play in like a board game
zone but I am going to keep it it is
actually my favorite video I've ever
done there my channel yeah Oh No
a book holdup of that look okay okay yes
oh this is the one with Eddie in it also
I know I can
okay sir well the first book to ever
read it called goosebumps you may not
know about it they asked me to film a
recently but I I'll it's the first book
ever loved to read the first one ever
could before he really knows what I were
such person I've recited nap Eddie
sucked in his breath and pushed through
the openings first then after that Eddie
so yeah I spread the first fruit then I
kind of those women meant I sleep
through this yes I thought that if it
goes the end of a line you think it's
not you want to do a full stop off the
end of every line I'll see you don't I'm
given that for the souldn't reason yeah
I'm given that a full-on eight and a
half and a half ball in my night I still
won't get annoying wow that's good I'll
give that a nine holy moly
I'm a huntin taking that taking that
home by the way I put it in your hand
even though I put it I can I just say
first right flipping
love it she leaves your food oh ma where
is it human bread oh my lord
yeah inline skating Barbie yeah I just
let it in the ball first brought late
for know yeah we can stick that back on
like look how cool this Barbie is I just
love it I really want to get out I want
to grade it on my desk seven out of ten
this one certainly yes I feel like you
did have this role you might not have it
might just be very similar okay okay
yeah we doing then the third party sent
me there forest at me huh nice mud yes
what the bloody hell is that it's time
but you do have things we could do that
no no I tell you how dead Kiran did
either kick out cousin Karen
I knew someone early but no still
because it goes underwater and then the
same time I open this up as well no I
don't think you can now you can comes
open something like you got
rollerskating Barney but then you've got
scuba diving Action Man
Nick I think it looks great look so good
wait does it make you wanna play Lewin
look backstroke right
backstroke EGP again
actually my to do anything I give it a
six ok what I did to make that way my
guy I don't think I call it leave make
him do this
oh yeah that joints a really good look
well I thought you do that in real life
this is for sure one that we picked out
this is really old right thing is really
old
oh my god fuzzy felt so this is the
exact one we had really it is from like
the 60s this is called fuzzy fellas you
get a bit of life with your fuzzy
backdrop I like some felt Sally this
piece it is stick to it and that's it if
you make it very little stories on a
little card means they're used to make
make up stories and stuff it smells
ancient let me guess a is it a belt
buckle with a like a bellyful is very
similar tack me top of it but something
about not knowing how oh oh you have
that visited home oh my god little
Goblin but if you think that when you
have this exact one I had this thing
right here oh my girl little person I've
shown this case it's a boy go on juice
box that's a solid Ted not lock into the
10 the first hit of the day and no one
else I knows that knows your eyes
I believe I've shown everyone and then I
run a hard hose yeah good boy so creepy
like that's creepy than a Furby I guess
he got that like that religious looks
nice I love films like anything by Jim
Henson or Tessa this is why I love Jim
Henson kind of stuff because look you
own puppeteer
this is this is really made motherless
Oh IRA let me about you know why the
first time I said it won't be Facebook
all right well goosebumps game I had a
couple of these but I wasn't I didn't
have that many my friend Alex had a lot
these you know what my little pony are
still around for now sit around now
right now yeah but they don't look like
they're this is like your classic my
little pony and what oh yeah this is it
kind of how playing with general we were
came out to go this is the Homer st. go
anymore office or so well I'm sure your
place look at it we go good hey Mike
good evening right next thing I want to
make I want to bring me back
shut your eyes because we collected for
one sorry you expect if it was the
purple one is what I remember
okay place mine yeah Mike Mac oh my god
the mighty Mike Castle I remember that
noise yeah oh mighty Mac would like to
purchase a polyphonic colleague okay it
was made by the same people was it yeah
Oh check that out the inside of a mighty
max castle I don't think it's the real
that evil Mike Mike castle yeah I think
this is cause it was like what's go
ahead oh my god whenever I have my
Barbies I would also play with Joe's
action men and whenever I have my Polly
Pockets I would also play with Michael
Max there is two pair of going up the
pad headshot and alert but what a mess
but in that way how many who think of
the price of a hammerhead shark who take
propeller forward together that's going
to get a an eight and an eight hey hey
Oh baby baby big baby ain't been learn
oh we just had a conversation dancers at
breakfast we I said
this is mine yeah as I'm I said this but
I guess what his name was
sweetheart yeah mine was not cool
sweetheart we're going to change the
names on it
no joke this is from the nineties I
can't chip it in a new one and then I
won really this one's called mystic and
actually forgot they have birthdays oh
yeah
Jeremy 23rd lost James's birthday
October ring
mine is May 21st 1994 1989 so yours is
probably rarer than mine right what
emotional it might be any baby well if
anything I mean you have always been
that way well I don't watch on eBay I'm
on it really nice I'm what so we're
man-made right together on the eBay
listing no oh it's a fatty bag of food
which is why my food from the line food
no okay
oh my god hurry I kind of their names
but my cigarette was yeah like a biker
might from Mars we have a little boy
collect from Mars
oh there's another one hold him oh my
spikes are massive one day I remember I
liked it as well this is this is pink
James's I know I tell you this one
genius that one I played in our cousin
preview though like you think already
high really high things watching don't
tell James to watch this video YouTube
it have you necklace owed online someone
I have that yeah hold it that these the
biker mice from mars and the team's went
back oh man from Mars
eight and a half out of ten oh wait a
half but I get a half I said if they
came with a motorbike I'm not doubting
your tip if they came with motive like
how did the other boys do you remember
me yes I do remember them I remember
Richmond I remember need to collect in a
groovy trick
it is good at it this is the classic all
I am glad these three and they would
stick on your window look Oh a window
suckers oh my good
so this was the student this was the
groovy guy and this one is you
star and I had all three of these I'm
going to give me like like an eight
okay yeah because these at one point
there was so many of you to my bedroom
yes there were I had like all your
walking bass baby but oh my god
detention now you try and get the other
two okay okay I can tell straight away
these are my key Max's but smaller ones
this is snake is a snake one hmm
oh my god do you have those in you yes
this goose to come back this especially
this one I don't sell addition because I
might have that I did have one but they
also got but going back towards the big
Mighty Max castle this second mini much
much to get Oh Ryan were Mighty Max in
there gorillas and their feet is pop
into the traffic year how crazy is that
and this is a photograph to be somewhere
you know where somewhere where I've got
a long people and I've hid night yeah
trying to scare away with it how crazy
is that
I think Mighty Max is really cool that
oh cool mighty much fun I want to learn
what happened because like once in my
smack now I mean that's gonna get and
900 are you oh my god I had all of these
I remember this 100 sent clear as day we
a little village in size of that lets me
talk about for any good
I melt them so much Rockabye caught up
at all yeah
such a clever and it looks cutest well
see it was even cool
yeah Polly Pocket weren't as well may I
see I have joints in stuff look yeah I
could hump stuff oh she just gue to go
at this once at the cafe she was a good
girl so as you can see I got bit hairy
point pocket and then this was the
restaurant like how cute that what did
you just bring nothing
I thought she'd grip onto that but she
can't because they're like Hollywood
hotel one real sort of a Mikey Trainor
oh I meant the universe's probably
I use the most what I don't know I just
did because this looks like a house good
coloring as well yeah it completely and
I think they were jewelry boxes as well
you know I think kids would put on that
now because I think it is too small like
we can't remember like adding a big just
tiny but timed it one hand you could do
it this is the sort of thing we're
dealing with here like inside a Polly
Pocket house I love trying this was like
I didn't need anything just play a
pocket and this is like town the Polly
Pocket town yeah
we can now turn my niggas the polly
pocket attend or because I loved them so
much
cor blimey it for that might be when I'm
on ebay I saw this and this made me go
oh my God why do I remember it so you
could look at this and go we never have
that but I'm sure we played this before
yeah it's an Aladdin handheld game
there's a word yeah
no do you remember this ode because when
I saw their nose is 100% on it's like a
little Aladdin home oh wow these cubby
usually we can you don't remember
they're like a punch stuff school 51
that one so joint one I'm gonna give
back a 7-6 I'm here that I'll give it a
six this is unlike the fat these were
once a thing yeah you can my hand yeah
everybody I knew it this is a job yeah
that's we can it throw that okay so I
mean I think you might be much different
no but oh my god I remember this I
remember it when and then max says it's
the back of it look small brush it again
and then you are at your bridge there
guys it's nice I guess I stuck something
like no axe there that cuts down through
that guy oh my god I remember and but I
meant more importantly remember this
brown here 9 5 5
hours of care you I got in your name Oh
what does a nice okay elephant yeah you
know them
go bad the smell I can't you know a
lot no way diminishes our o or be a
fossil pack yeah you but you really cut
this bottle didn't you because that's
also as well let's cheers it a little
bottles
yeah then this one day one one oh we did
a pokemon card opening wait but wait
well it's not a client side by side
headlock is I can never open them I
never get any Luther Patrick crying its
way to wait
you would get great little justice is
what was just keep doing this
oh my god is slow okay do it going right
about car look your wife Zelda nice a
magma not low is decent Mike mom oh my
god a beautiful great car yeah dick has
I'm also a very good Pokemon yeah
authentic cool right okay Oh shoulder a
shiny right - nothing way we're gonna
show you right to crabby
thousand go shiny in second so rainy
here but you know not we're gonna show
you in I did excel at my name training
had a strike from curving it that's so
weird yeah not really shine the training
Carden actually want to Ben Poliwhirl
good I really have I had all the luck
today
yeah Oh shiny no shiny Ganga
whoa whoa very that is great
no shiny kanga knowledge I gonna show
you dangle Danny Caine guys well I mean
I'm gonna give our 10 companies by the
posting I mean I thank you both for
shiny yeah that is insane
so good okay next one hit the bag
enjoy oh oh wow really freakin Street
job yeah walking rollerblades
oh it's the big boy is my brother head
yeah that crazy boy got my house - oh I
don't find it but it was quick no no a
bit
well this thing is armed and it shot the
things out there so muscly look and then
this guy remember this yeah you had that
one yeah this is cool oh wait I got the
cowboy you got the leather jacket one
Pinochle one I like hold that
okay and then this point I remember this
boy yeah tom leezak he's not really shot
he's more like a yeah I am
doing this a a 9.5 I said nine point
nine point five oh oh what oh man the
day yeah I remember the noise I made I
think we should we need to open this one
that wasn't a quitter
this is very much Bobby and I had her
and she oh my god of course
wincing and I just loved her and then it
whatever in this she's not checked on my
network
no honestly I can't do it but I can't do
it cuz I thought this was the only can I
have yeah
the only one I had and it would be just
what's it called the ocean friends can
get a nanny dolphin friend I feel sorry
for our parents like every Christmas I'm
twisting me yeah oh
all right go oh yeah yeah go dolphins
I'm giving that like a ten partner yeah
ten is it my hand or not yeah you're and
guess what it is from Phil yeah okay
that's an action man we believe the dog
tags on no is it
oh my god was it captain $2,000 yeah
scarlet is indestructible nd of course
we thought yeah I'll get our son Jesus
we go frickin air cut what I'm giving
this a purely sick jacket Oh check it
now yeah I know I'm going to get him a
eight point five point five out of ten
when I saw these I would like I
remembered easy to Nathan oh well I do
remember Dean yeah how do you even think
about searching for these kind of things
I'm a chips one yeah look I'll uh have
you one up with him they were tough one
is Nick McCullers toys 1996 in my Donald
only don't memorize Oh more like yeah
they were the plastic McDonald Barbies I
just yeah I got a bag of them on eBay oh
well me who are about the pain they
were like Barbie Happy Meal toys and I I
remember being so excited to collect oil
and everything was would've lined but
can you wait feel it imagine what I
would like when I saw this oh my god
Zoey my Tamagotchi little exactly why
that hammer got you that I have the
amount commode Kimiko
Kimiko yeah keep it open and play over
shall we
paperwork how much of the world I mean
it wasn't that that reported I'll solve
it up no you did your thing maybe I'm
gonna be playing it more the Isle of
Wight my parabola oh my god it worked
to hire right into the sound of you
underground I have $100 one you had a
little yellow one as a dog yeah okay
hey gee thanks okay that's an action man
cuz yeah there is go time
Action Man oh my god
and this one yeah hurry he looks
familiar
it was $6.99 back in a day would your
pain six not only thing it's 99 for now
in London sandwich look how high those
charts Island cow you see some account
inspiration now yeah many three tell you
what Wow now this one is special
oh my god Mexico number please a code
number I haven't even turned it on yet
so the waiting thing because it's
leaning press it cool yeah was the spot
like that would be watching this going
oh my how did you find that
how did you find it eBay would you type
in I realize is called be kept talking
and you know that I can I spend my life
trying to remember and you Roger
watching oh my god Zoe so this is the
first like please there's a sewing
number or good choices of have it's just
like I'm learning 20 times up everyone
you can handler oh look a freaking
always cool computers they also had an
offer
hello please Oh bunny be excellent hey
roomie can't we meet
how are you suggesting would Joomla oh
I'm gonna show you this up close like
how crazy buyers knew you pair this all
day okay right
bye hi you said you didn't have this
song thinking are you sure I didn't have
a trace John and I never got a key did I
have one eye what do you know I actually
do you think he did this is a Tracy
Island which black imitating before I
was born
every kid wanted one of these if you
have one of these you're the coolest kid
in school mark my words
I'm gonna give it I like the funny one
in general and give it a nine but we
give this a seven cool
I'll give us a settlement ah do you
remember me do you remember oh yeah
God there was a vine recently of a girl
who guides us going on yeah okay okay
I'm ready you go you can put on a nice
big one looks to that guy I'm already
three days break Mike
oh okay one oh oh my god I love it
really good yeah there we go
I'm giving our tents good sky dancer if
I did still work yeah guys go enter will
you like to real do you remember me it's
not yeah they put inside a dress yeah oh
I do remember that ha ha and then this
says we go haha I realize they were
called like cupcake yeah and this is the
exact when I had I remember that yeah
look funny up Hey
like these creepy little cupcake doll
Jennifer yeah oh look at the push to the
wheel was on it so when I thought I got
carried away of Barbies I really did
like this is this is the Barbie that
came with the show Nina poster which
other than I love and then check out
Barbie and then I had younger going on
and then I had Shelley in her high chair
I remember this one look at her what is
it like me on it she tried her drink
crazy crazy girl and then I have this
one which was playground Shelley and
Barbie and then you'll remember this
teacher Barbie in the future Barbie and
this one was my favorite
Oh remember that one with the cassette
aerobic hunger workout set like know
what did you have to still work my
stapler somewhere generally I'm getting
a Barbie 210 because I know I can't show
you how much fun I had going through the
Barbies and being like I had gotten that
the thing in me and actually men are
like this one and this one of my
favorite roller skating and roar gamers
the workout army yeah last toy toys
needs-based Betty please
oh my god your safari holy crap I
remember this and it's still bad in all
its glory
yeah this is another game that we enjoy
this is one to step up from the VTech
yeah this is a recycler to learn let me
learn up there dinosaurs on with a
refresh in love this is what I look like
it's not three times a night oh oh oh I
shouldn't be doing it okay
and to code okay - sloppy a paper
instance Jude Safari you put in the code
number at the top so we go 98
Penza okay and the 19 yeah so geo safari
is the last thing we've managed to find
hurry mother you have been busy girl oh
yeah slightly what we're gonna do now
well I'm gonna put the Barbie on my desk
go on keep the rest so like you children
can I say that was not working I had a
lot of fun about two hours and were like
we're gonna wrap up this video here
thank you starts for watching I hope you
guys also enjoyed that and that it
brought back some memories for you let
me know in the comments if you had any
of those or if you can think of anything
else that we've missed out think I mean
I've covered quite a lot around here we
all do this video for Jo channel well
jokes on the video he pranked me
basically when I was asleep so make sure
to go and check that out I'll leave a
link in the description box and I'll see
you again soon just back
