hi everyone and I firstly just wanna
start off by saying I'm sorry that I
haven't made a video and so long I've
just been super super busy but um I have
sat down here for you today and I'm
going to do a whole video um I'm really
sorry if my whole videos are boring you
it seems to be like the only thing that
I can do I promise you I will start
doing makeup ii videos it's just um I'm
not really a makeup professional like
there are people on YouTube who are like
10 million times better at makeup than I
am so I don't really know what advice I
can give to you that someone may not
have already given but better I always
want to apologize for my parents I feel
gross today and I have like a massive
spot on my face which is just right
there so today I have a collab video
with my spot who will be helping me
throughout the process of the video okay
where should I start okay
the da da da I want a boyfriend some
plimsolls look how massive his feet look
compared to my hair okay first thing I
bought from Primark are these sakhis
look how cute they are mega mega mega
thick and they've got like grill key
bits on the bottom and they're like
Christmas socks and they've got pom-poms
but the best thing about them is the
inside I look let me see if I can show
you they've got like fur other so soft
and I get mega mega mega cold feet all
the time even in summer
I'll have cold feet so these are like a
must and they were only four pounds I
don't know if you've ever seen these
these are called super cozy tights and
they've basically got like a lining
inside which makes them super comfy and
super warm so I got two pairs in black
and one pair in Navy practical they were
through pump 50 I got this little
headband which I thought was quite sweet
it's velvet black velvet it's got these
little gems on and and that was 2 pounds
I just think I can show you what it
would look like like that
and also because I've got such a small
head in the winter I can't really wear
earmuffs because I just literally look
ridiculous so stuff like this where I
can cover my ears is good because it
will keep me warm and then I don't look
like an idiot well I hope I don't anyway
you can be the judge of that
what else did I get web accessories of a
hairbrush how random I didn't know if I
might did hair brushes but I really like
these types of hair brushes for
blow-drying ah I've been soft and yeah
these are good for blow-dry because
they've got like bristles and things and
this was 2 pounds and it's wooden as
well it's quite sweet I got this little
um bow and what this is is it's like a
little Dicky bow and so underneath like
a white shirt you can wear this and
it'll look really cute well I think so
anyway
just like round your neck like this and
that was two pounds and I also got these
earrings and they had them in orange as
well but I like the green color because
they're really Christmassy if you can
see those those were two pounds oh and I
also got these little mittens which have
got little Teddy's on because they would
just thank you look this one's ear is a
bit loopy and and these were 4 pounds
which I thought was a little expensive
for a pair of gloves but Primark is
getting more expensive all they're so
warm I can't wait to wear these I also
got this headband his leopard-print
headband to wear like the other one like
this or something like that I've kind of
shoved that on a little bit willy-nilly
and this was 2 pounds
I got this little bow which is come off
of its oh there we go I got this little
hair bow just to pop in my hair in the
back and that was two pounds I also got
this ring which is like an armory ring
and this was two pound fifty there you
go gold armory ray in the way of
clothing I didn't really get a lot
because everything that I tried on
looked horrible on me and um there were
a few jumpers that I liked but they rule
like sizes eighteen and twenty and I did
try on a size 18 jumper just to see what
it would look like oversized but it did
look a little bit ridiculous I think
that's going a bit too much beyond my
size where it just kind of looks like
I'm being swallowed by a jumper and but
I did find these which I absolutely love
and I've got two pairs because I knew
I'd wear them constantly and they're
like black suede feeling leggings I
don't know if you can see that they're
like really suede II and um they've got
like little paneling bits I don't know
if you can see um and they also have
these in beige if you don't want to wear
black and these were six pounds so I got
two pairs of those because I just know I
wear them with everything I got this
cardigan um which it's kind of hard to
show you and um that was fourteen pounds
which I thought was quite a lot but
actually you could wear this with pretty
much everything so I got that and the
last clothing item that I got was this
coat which I saw on the thing and I
absolutely fell in love with I don't
know if it's because it's got hearts on
it or because it's got pom-poms on it
but both and toggles it's got everything
that I love about coat so I'm going to
put it on for you so you can see because
I don't know if your
to see it properly if I just hold up
okay so you've got the collar and you've
got a hood which has got a little fur on
it look and it's got little pom-poms and
hearts and toggles look I'm all set for
winter now I just need my gloves and my
socks and I just love this coat and I
kind of want it to be really cold now so
I can wear it because I mean it is
autumn but it's not like freezing enough
for me to go out wearing this to people
who look at me and be like come on woman
it's not that cold but yeah I love it
and I think this is 25 pounds which for
a coat is not that bad really let's face
it and it's black and white so it'll go
with pretty much anything is it black or
navy I can't work out whichever I just
love it love it
okay now shoes like I said I went a bit
mad with shoes so mad but in fact my
basket weighed so much I had to buy one
of these just to carry the shoes in
because I knew that the paper bags
wouldn't hold out and there's nothing
more embarrassing than walking down the
street in your prime up bag like
splitting everywhere it has happened to
me
it had shoes the first pair of shoes
which I picked up and I'm not too sure
if this was stupid of me or if I'm going
to wear them but I absolutely love them
and are these they're not everyone's cup
of tea okay they are sparkly black
brogues now I'm not really too sure what
I'm going to wear these with but I mean
they're black so they pretty much doing
everything the only thing is that
they're glittery but I like them
oh there were 12 pounds that's quite a
lot actually 12 pounds and
also none of the glitters like rubbed
off yet so that's good they look like
Dorothy's shoes but nothing like that
the next pair of shoes are just some
simple black suede II actually it says
real leather upper and like moccasins is
that how you say it moccasins I don't
really know you can't Ricci can you see
now we've just got the little tassel a
bit and I think these were eight pounds
and then I went a bit boot crazy now I
live in boots in the winter literally
live in them I'll wear them with
everything and I've still got boots from
last year in Primark everyone always
says Primark such crap like you may as
well spend more money on something that
you know is going to last I have boots
from Primark from last year that are
still going fine as long as you get a
good pair like they do have some leather
boots in there which are sort of between
20 to 30 pounds and that might seem
steep for Primark but they do last like
it's not always a piece of crap shop
when I saw the boots I did grab some and
the first pair are just these dark brown
sort of I don't really know how to
describe these how the Primark described
them chocolate chocolate boot not made
real chocolate obviously that would be a
bit stupid but um yeah they were super
super comfy as well I tried them on and
I was like oh I must get these I just
think they'll go with everything and
they're just comfy and easy to slip on
and these were twelve pounds which is a
bargain but these are the most comfy
cute little boots ever and they're these
ones and they've got lots of drop in
them they've got like a fur fur line
like it's obviously not real fur but
it's like lined inside and they're just
really simple flat little boots with
round front and just laces and then this
little gold fit at the back
and and again says real leather upper so
these bits these bits here are is real
leather which is good because if it
rains you're buggered if you were in
shitting shoes um so yeah uh I really
like these but um I don't know my mum
said they look like granny slippers it's
wrong granny slippers I like my slippers
and and these are 15 pounds so slightly
more expensive than the little chocolate
ones but I love them and these were I
think these will look nice with like
leggings and little dresses and
judge-made possibilities are endless and
the next pair of boots are like my
favorite purchase of the whole day I
absolutely love them and they are these
good or obviously not everyone's cup of
tea but they are essentially little
cowboy boots but they've got feathers
around them uh I really like these I
think they're really cool and cute um
obviously can't really wear them in the
pouring rain because your little
feathers are gonna get ruined but on a
cold crisp day I think these would look
good these are 18 pounds such a bargain
18 pounds they had hardly any of these
left I was lucky that managed to grab a
pair of three because no one's got
really small feet so all the threes get
left at the end so it's fine
um but yeah blood son
I bought these and these red wedges with
their like suede effect I probably not
real suede and and they've got leopard
in the middle and I just think red
always goes nice with black and I wear a
lot of black like black tights black
skirts black dresses look so some red
wedges wedge heels and they were 16
pounds so bargain I quite liked the last
pair of boots are these what
I'm very high but very comfortable
surprisingly just these zip up zip on
this side tassel on this side and boots
and again these are just going to look
really nice with black leggings black
tights pretty much any outfit and
because they're boots and they do it
they're a little bit more wintery and
say summery
um but yeah I really like those and they
were 20 pounds so these were the most
expensive shoes out of all of them um
but yeah I really like the nest weighty
again lovely that is everything that I
bought from Primark oh okay so that's me
done and I'm gonna stop waffling on and
yeah I hope you enjoyed it and I will
see you soon hi and and I like and I and
I like live and cheese like there I like
living am
