hi everyone um today I'm filming in a
different location again uh I can't find
anywhere in my house but I like to film
it's really really starting to annoy me
I think that's why like I never do
videos like re regularly because most
the time I'm thinking well my rooms a
mess so I'm not gonna film in here and
and also I don't get any natural light
in my bedroom because we've got a
north-facing bedroom so the only natural
light I get is at about 5:00 a.m. and as
much as I love to do these videos for
you guys I'm not getting up at 5:00 a.m.
to film in my bedroom so I've come down
into my living room today sat by their
french windows doors whatever you wanna
call them and I'm actually filming on my
Canon SLR today so I mean if this even
works I have no idea what I'm doing
um so I'm gonna try and film on this I
think it's filming right now yeah um and
if it works I think it's in HD I really
don't know I'm sorry
oh but anyway um I have a kind of
smallish haul for you today I do quite
ready like pick up little bits and
pieces and I think oh yeah um maybe just
do a blog post on that because I've only
picked up one thing this weeks there's
not much point between a video but I
figured if I've collected up a number of
different things over like a certain
period of time I can just show you what
I picked up and then if you're actually
interested in it then I can show you if
not it doesn't really matter I don't
mind
um I'm real sorry about if I keep
looking to the sites because I can see
in the side thingy and what's it called
the flip down screen thing I can see
that I can make sure things are in
shocked so I'm sorry if we keep looking
there I'm not pro at videos I'm sure you
guess that by now just go with the flow
the first things I picked up this was
quite a few weeks ago now so I have used
them is a few things from topshop now
most of you may notice over the last of
few months I've been wearing this
lipstick non-stop it kind of appears red
but it's actually a vibrant orange and
it is my Topshop and it is the lipstick
an infra red now when I was in Topshop
with Barbara
the other week Persian babe we were
looking for this because I was going to
try and persuade her to buy it because I
like to try and spread my infrared
obsession about the place and I was
going to show it to her and they didn't
have it so I don't know if it's just
sold out or if they stopped doing it I
really hope they've not stopped doing it
because I was so annoyed because it's my
favorite lipstick ever ever ever but I
basically bought another one because I
love it so much and I keep one at my
boyfriend's flat in London and I keep on
here on myself which is really sad but I
keep leaving it everywhere so and then I
get like really lost without it so I
thought like I need to go buy another
one and here it's only 8 pounds which
some people might be quite expensive for
a lipstick but actually I think for the
quality which is just as good as Mac and
MAC lipsticks are at 13 pounds and I've
not actually bought a much lipstick
since they've upped their price because
I just think that's ridiculous sorry Mac
I love you but 13 pounds for a lipstick
a joking I do have it on now but I will
zoom in so you can see it so it
basically looks like this vibrant orange
and I absolutely love it and next I got
a blush because quite awful about these
blushes from Topshop quite a while one
in particular which i think is called
neon rose a lot of people quite into
that one and I wouldn't had a little
look and they are bargainer six pounds
which i think is really good and um I
picked up look how cute the packaging is
although I will say one thing about the
Topshop packaging is it's white so it
gets so dirty if you have it your makeup
bag it yours a horrible kind of like
shade of tinged creamy orange enos and
it's like stays pretty for about a week
and then afterwards you just a bit like
damn it but anyway I saw this one which
I kind of preferred and it's called head
over heels and it's basically this
absolutely gorgeous actually that is
showing up pretty true to color umm
corally pink and these blushes dry but
these blushes go on creamy but dry matte
like a powder which i think is really
cool because actually it
find it easy to apply a cream blusher
than a powder one that sounds really odd
I just find the finish looks a lot nicer
and say yeah this goes on really nice
oops bit bright this goes on really nice
and it's a gorgeous color so yeah that's
that one I really like okay I was in
super drug cannot relocate and I've just
been paid I'm not having one of these
mad moments where you just sort of look
around and grab anything off the shelf
and it spotted this Garnier miracle skin
Perfector daily all-in-one BB cream and
a lot of people had kind of gone on
about this so I thought most of the time
I need something a little bit more
coverage I don't I don't need it but I
like to have something with a little bit
more coverage and for some reason I
wasn't overly sure what this is supposed
to do like is this a moisturizer do you
put this underneath your foundation do
you just wear this foundation and
nowhere on the Box does it say what
you're supposed to do with it how does
it work how is it different what is a BB
cream and how is it right for me and
tells you everything that it does your
skin complexion Loomis radiant hides
redness fits skin feels moisturized but
nowhere on it does it give you any
direction for you yeah so I don't really
know what this is supposed to do it made
my skin look horrible and I just don't
think I'm using it right I don't know if
any of you have tried this please tell
me what I'm supposed to do with it
the winners under foundation because it
gave me absolutely no coverage
whatsoever it just kind of tinted my
skin a little a little bit more orange
in the next thing but the next two
things that I bought um were part of our
part of my daily foundation routine a
lot of people ask me what foundation do
you use what foundation to use and at
the moment I am using a Mac Studio
sculpt which is this one
oops dropping everywhere this one and I
use it in nw20 that's my color at the
moment and I love this foundation a lot
of people think it's maybe a little bit
too much coverage but I literally use
the tiniest drop and just spread it out
across my face it is very easily
buildable and you can get away with
wearing quite a lot but it still looks
very natural I think anyway and I think
this is aimed more towards drier skin
and because it does give you that really
lovely kind of healthy dewy look which I
personally always always want on my face
I never liked the matte look I don't
like a massively heavy coverage where
you can really tell that someone's
wearing a lot of foundation I'll
basically try and get away with making
my skin look as natural as possible and
I really really like this I bought this
possibly two years ago and I've used
ever since so I've bought tube after
tube after tube and it does last me
quite a long time so I really recommend
this if you have dry skin or I'd say
it's a medium coverage you can build up
to be a full coverage if you really
really want to but I literally use the
tiniest amount and just spread that
across my whole face just for a bit of a
eat like evening out and sorting out the
jus Innes and yeah I really really like
this and I think I'll be buying this
till I die
well not possibly not till I die but
that's a little bit morbid that's not
talked about death and secondly I got
the bare minerals original powder
foundation now I know a lot of you're
probably thinking why would you put
foundation on top of foundation I used
the smallest amount of my Mac Studio
sculpt and then I apply the barycentric
powder on top to set unless of course
you have really oily skin then I would
probably recommend the matte version of
this but I personally prefer the
original version and I have been buying
this since I was 16 years old and I
still buy it and I still not ever stop
buying it this is the one product above
everything else I would HIGHLY highly
recommend to anybody I always wear four
in accomplish with each other always
always always always and I don't buy
this from bareMinerals
I actually always buy this on eBay
because there are a lot of different
sellers on there that sell it for so
much cheaper I think I bought this for
17 pound 95 and it normally lasts me
about five months five to six months so
pretty good deal and I will link the
eBay seller that I bought this from in
the drop-down they she obviously does
all the shades all the different
varieties so if you want to try it out
then I would recommend that I also went
to Boots the other day and I am sadly
running extremely low on Liz Earle
cleanse and polish and I don't actually
live near a John Lewis so it's fine if I
go to London I can pop into a John Lewis
so by the backup of Liz Earle but
actually I was in Boots and I had a 5
pound off number 7 voucher which they're
often sort of flying around pretty much
all the time and I noticed this number 7
radiance boosting hot cloth cleanser and
I have seen a few reviews of this and it
does it like it's quite good but I just
thought you know what I've got 5 pounds
off which only made it 4 pounds which is
quite a bargain so I thought I would try
it out see if it's any good if not then
I will just go back to my trusty as oh
the next thing I bought was a bit more
but I went over to the Chanel counter
mainly just to get a sample of the vital
Lumia aqua foundation but I ended up
walking away with a little bag she
matched me with shade B 30 which I don't
know what that is but this is the little
sample but comes in I'm a bit worried
about how to get this out because I'll
actually she gave them quite a lot I
don't know if you can see that the Sun
is extremely bright but anyway this is
the little bottle look it has the Chanel
logo on it how posh yes that's the vital
Lumia aqua which I'm going to try out
because I've heard a lot of good things
about this and then she also gave me a
sample of the sublime
namaskara Russia openness oh wow it's in
a little tube that's so cool chanel is
so far the main purpose that I went
there was to get the sample I ended up
walking away with the bronzing makeup
base let me get it out also I will also
want to say look how lovely they patch
everything and the tissue paper it's got
little seeds on it pretty and I have
wanted this for so long I just kept kind
of putting it off like no no I don't
need it I've got so many bronzers we're
gonna wait until a time when I just
think sod it and have a little splurge
and the other day was that day and I did
have a little splurge Oh fancy it's got
like a little the Sun is extremely
bright there we go that's better you can
kind of see it now it's got a little one
of these little plastic things on oh
look at it it looks like a chocolate
mousse I literally want to eat there and
that's nearly everything I also just
want to quickly show you a few things I
regularly go to car boot sales and if
you mean the UK and no doubt that you
will know what that is if you're not in
the UK it's basically a what do you call
them kind of like a garage sale I guess
and I regularly go to these I've been
going to these car boot sales my whole
life with my mum and you can pick up
some quite cool things so I'm just going
to go over a few things I did pick up
and the last time I went first thing was
this old 70s watch it's a Timex and so
many people have come up to me and says
oh my gosh that was my first watch um it
is a wind-up watch it's that old I have
to wind it every day for it to work but
I absolutely love it I think it's so
cute let me just see if I can zoom
there we go it's got like little holes
on the strap and yeah I love it
and it came in this really old-school
little box like the what came in this I
how vintage e retro is that and it cost
me a whole 50 pence and I also picked up
this berry em let me see there we go
miss Barrett M nail paint in strawberry
ice cream which I have lusted over for a
while which is never picked up and this
was also 50 PE so bargain I picked up
this red kin real control slim supreme
slimming serum full dense dry or
sensitized hair don't I haven't used
this yet I'm not really too sure why
small amount in palms and work through
towel dried hair leave-in and style as
usual looks quite interesting I've just
had quite a lot of good things about red
concer pitler I think that was like a
pound it's never been used brand new
okay so the last thing I got was this
vintage handbag of a really cute old
lady and it looks like this and I
absolutely love it it's cream and
leather and it's got a really decent
sized handle so you can just put it on
over your side or you can tuck the
handle in and use it as a clutch bag but
it opens like this and there you go you
can actually take the handles off things
like that and then you've got inside bit
where it's like bit there and some
pockets I just thought it was really
quite cute I think it's one pound fifty
so that is the bag
cute I hope this setup is ok and I
really hope that this camera works
because the last time I filmed on this
camera I tried to edit and it wouldn't
work because my laptop is so crap um but
yeah I hope that was okay for you and it
was interesting and um yeah thanks for
watching and see see hi oh no I've left
something upstairs Oh perfect
ah it's very bright on my chest why do I
do this oh my gosh it's like a heart wow
that's really weird but also quite cool
awkward
I don't like being listened to
