hi everyone I'm going to do the skincare
video for you today because it's been
very highly requested and I've got all
the bits here in front of me I've got
the camera set up and yeah so it just
seemed like the perfect opportunity I'm
just going to start off by saying what
sort of skin type I have my skin is
probably what I would like to call nord
combination it's mostly normal
everywhere besides if you like oily
patches and also I think my skin gets
quite dehydrating sometimes which is odd
because you wouldn't think if you had
all your skin that your skin might be
dehydrated but turns out it does and is
and can be basically I have a dry
forehead dry down my nose oily at the
sides of my nose I'm Megan oily Jen like
my Chin's like the oil is part of my
face which is really annoying because
never used to be but as I got older it
seems that my chin just produces more
oil which is some great so if your skin
type isn't the same as mine then I might
not necessarily advise you to go out and
buy every single of these products as
this is just what works for my skin at
the moment these are my staples and this
is why I use daily by the way I'm just
gonna say now most of my skincare
routine is a one brand it becomes very
obvious which I like to use above any
other brand and it's it's something that
I've been using for well over a year
possibly nee it's probably been about
eighteen months I've been using this and
I've not really wanted to use anything
else because it works just fine for me
so I will start with the cleanser and it
is the Liz Earle cleanse and polish the
perspires on my gosh it's not like
you've ever seen this before this I'll
cleanse and polish hot cloth cleanser
I'm sure you've all seen many rave
reviews about this I was sent this
actually by Liz Earle last year I've
never really heard much about Liz out
honest they approach me they're like
I'll try asking I thought yeah sure why
not I run out of what I had so I'll give
it a shot and I literally have not used
anything since actually I did I run out
of this and Mohan was placing old with
demo logica and you always had great
things about Dermalogica so I placed an
order for a cleanser from there and it
dried out my skin's so badly but I
thought well I'm not using that anymore
it was really expensive as well so I
bought this one I always buy the puppy I
think it's 100 milliliter pump with the
two muslin cloths and yet this little
cloth like this and the way it works is
that you literally just pump a few pumps
on your hand rub it into your face with
a dry face so your face full of makeup
if you've been on a night out or
something run this under the hot tap cut
it off and place on your face and just
wipe it all away if I've been out I
usually do it twice just to make sure
I've got everything off in the morning I
do it once and yeah I just think it's
amazing and it is actually for all skin
types so if you did want to try it on
your cleanser then you can always give
this one a shot
I think this retails I possibly could
get this really wrong I think it's
between eleven and thirteen pounds with
the muslin troughs but I'll leave a link
below anyway so you can go to the
website and see for yourself and after
I've cleanse my face I will use a toner
and spice price is the default owner not
a lot of people like this I absolutely
love it and it's it says revitalizes
soothes and tones for instant radiance
and this is why I use it because I think
it actually makes such a difference the
radiance of my skin I've been through
two bottles of this and and I simply
just put it onto a cotton wool pad and
wipe over my face so I do that I then
use my Liz Earle wash what's its skin
repair moisturizer this is for normal
combination skin I'm actually nearly out
which is a bit sad like pretty much
scraping the barrel now that I really
like this
the smell really reminds me of last
summer which was like one of my favorite
summers ever generally no I'm just
annoyed it bit random but yeah so
whenever I put this on it like makes me
happy you're doing
that's Rhys ad maybe I should plan a
sample mojo but yeah I really really
like this moisturizer that's the one
that's moisturizer exfoliator I use the
lizards price prize exfoliator I don't
tend to accelerate my face that much
because obviously when I cleanse my face
I use the muddling cloth and that tends
to exfoliate quite gently anyway so I
don't really think it should be too
harsh with exfoliation and the I'm not
sure what the beads are it doesn't
really say but they're not really harsh
on your skin they're really gentle and
it just makes my skin feel really fresh
and it looks a lot more radiant as well
after I've used this so I tend to use
this probably once or twice a week with
face masks and I have two that I like to
use and again they're both without
surprise surprise and the first one is a
deep cleansing mask now this one is I
think specially formulated for more acne
prone skin I like to use this one in the
bath once a week this one is like a
really thick brownie greeny like oh that
was close and thick brown sort of mask
that dries really hard on your face
which I actually quite like and then you
scrub it off with one of the little
sponges that comes with it it comes with
two sponges in the kit if you buy the
mask which i think is really cool and
this is such an easy concept like your
face mask dries and I used to hate
having to like splash your face up with
water to try and wash off all the face
masks but if you use one of these it's
so straightforward you literally just
buff it off your skin
and it leaves it really nice the other
facemask that I like to use which I
don't really use that much but when I do
it's quite beneficial I think personally
is the lizard brightening treatment mask
this one I like to actually squeeze a
few little blobs in with my cleanser
because it is a brightening mask so
obviously it just brightens your face
which is quite nice especially on those
like mornings and you don't really feel
very awake or your skin looks a bit dull
if not just leave it on for about five
minutes and it does the job quite nicely
nighttime I have a slightly different
regime I don't only slightly and when I
say slightly I mean slightly instead of
Feliz I'll um moisturizer I found this
one recently which is called up um this
was in-home bargains I think um and I
don't know if you've ever had a point
yeah most of you will have had a bio oil
but there's a cheap copy called rose oil
I think which you can buy in like Pam
Lange's and pound stores and other cheap
places which is basically the same
ingredients but a lot cheaper but you do
get a lot less it's a little Bowl this
was next to it and it's a massive well I
think it's quite a massive tub anyway
it's quite a big tub 12 125 milliliters
so you get quite a lot um but this cream
has the rose oil in it um and I I guess
essentially it's kind of like if someone
was to come up with a moisturizer with
bio oil in it because I know some people
find slapping oil on their face a little
bit kind of scary like and also let's
face it doesn't really feel that great
on your skin you just sort of sat there
waiting for it to sink in and it does
take a long time also it just I don't
know I don't really like the feeling of
having like grease and oil on my face
personally um so when I saw this I was
like oh interesting concept I'm going to
get it I don't very often get spots on
my face normally around that time of the
month
a few appear which obviously is just
hormonal I can't really do a lot about
it
um but when I get a spot it scars so
badly on my face like I still have a
scar from a spot like months and months
and months ago like sometimes years
they'll stay like I get scarring here
where I get spots and it just doesn't go
away and on my chin and like round my
nose here and so I thought okay well
this cream might be quite a good idea
for putting on my face maybe at night if
it's going to help reduce the scarring
it says helps prevent a reduced
appearance of stretch marks called the
potency and weight loss and scarring and
helps improve the condition of the skin
helps protect against the drying effects
of wind and water and moisturizers dry
skin so I find that I like to use this
at night because I mean it doesn't feel
horrible in your skin and actually it's
a really nice base for makeup but um
yeah I like to let it work its magic at
night and actually I really really
really really would recommend this it's
really good if you can find anyway I
think it was about two pounds one pounds
alone mm so it's so cheap but I am
actually gonna have to buy another one
because it's really really helped and
like I've been using it probably for
about 3 months now I've noticed such a
difference in my skin with the scarring
and also it's been a lot more hydrated
as well so yeah really recommend that I
cream I don't really use an eye cream
which is quite bad I do have a Kaneko on
which I use every and then when I feel
like under my eyes are a little bit dry
like if I had a lot of makeup on or
something and I what wipe off and it's a
bit harsh on under my eyes but one that
I really like to use for if I'm going on
a night out or if I know that they'll be
photographs taken or if my eyes are
looking particularly dull is the bare
essentials bare vitamins I Rev wrapper
I'm completely low on this it's nearly
out I've had it for such a long time and
it's got light reflecting properties
which is why I think it's really good
also it's so moisturizing under the eye
and I just really really like it so and
it's not actually really that expensive
I think it's quite reasonably priced so
we recommend that one for under the eyes
spots if I do get spots which does
happen occasionally and I mean I don't
suffer with acne and I don't have a
really chronic skit like product like
areas of skin where I get those spots
but if I do get the occasional spot it
will mostly be on my chin or here
between my eyebrows which is such a
fetching look I literally just use the
classic pseudo creme on my spots and for
any of you that may not have heard
pseudo creme is especially used on
babies derrieres then she is an
antiseptic healing cream so of course
it's going to help sports I don't know
why because we didn't really think of
this before and actually I think now
it's been releasing too which is quite
handy so you don't have to like split
your fingers into this massive pot but
I've had this quite a while and it's
lasted me a really long time and yeah
literally
slather a thin layer of this on your
face overnight wake up and your face
looks so much better so I really
recommend that recommend I'd really
recommend knuckles fall that's pretty
much everything that uses my skin at the
moment sometimes I do change my skincare
up like if I run out of liselle cleanse
and polish and I might think oh I'll try
another one but let's face it I'm always
going to be coming back to this because
it really really works and I really
recommend it um I've also got like
little minis as well I literally love it
that much um I've got little mini
versions of everything I've got a mini
version of the moisturizer a mini
version of the cleanse and polish and
the toners which
in spritz form and bottle form which is
kind of sad but that's how much I rate
it and I would highly recommend if you
are looking for a new skincare routine
to check out the list our website and
see I mean they've always got like
little deals on things that you can get
a little starter kit and you can just
try little things out and or just or if
you want to you can just purchase the
little tiny samples and give them a go
and then if you like them you can always
buy the full size but I would definitely
definitely recommend it and I do
apologize for lighting I don't know if
this is even really that great and every
video I do recently I've noticed that
I'm in a different location because I
just can't seem to find anywhere that I
feel really like comfortable to film but
I hope this is OK for you and yeah my
skin is not perfect by the way guys just
so you know this is probably the nicest
it's looked for a while touchwood but
like everyone I get sports I've got
really bad under-eye circles so actually
if any of you can recommend an under-eye
cream which is good for dark circles
because I've tried so many and they just
don't do anything and leave it in the
comments below and yeah that's pretty
much everything hope this has been
helpful for you and I shall see you
again soon ah it has this much more I'll
be starting low Alamelu idea
oops I will start with cleanser would
start with chen's if I knew where it was
well uh Louise you're ringing me at the
wrong time
hello um um um hang on I'm just making a
youtube video a skincare one I thought I
might get away with doing a video
without you in it for once but it
doesn't look like okay with me Liz Oh oh
my gosh it's not like I've mentioned
herons video before I think
