hello my mum and her friends Zoe are
going to make a video on a spiffing
makeup tutorial you might like to use it
for a special occasion like a prom or a
work do all your wedding thanks for
watching start with a freshly cleansed
freshly moisturized Bay feel very naked
you do need to have a clean face because
this makeup is going to be so pretty is
this something that I could perhaps wear
for a wedding because I'm going to a
wedding in September yes yes definitely
if you're wondering what the rustling
noise is it baby glitters playing with
mr. caterpillar
I've not just got rustling knickers okay
and would you say that my edges my skin
tone perfectly yes yes yes I'm making
your mummy look beautiful you got any
good tips for foundation foundation
application mm-hmm
you don't want to rub it in too much I
find that it looks better when you sort
of just slap it on oh right so it more
is more slather it on slather it on and
then you don't need to really blend it
because it looks more natural if you
don't
oh so that you've got that nice sort of
1/2 centimeter of bare skin by the
hairline yeah I like that
because you do want people to know
you're wearing makeup that's the thing
yeah so they can see the mask if you
will
yeah would you say it's important to
blend it down into the neck no okay
foundations not meant for the neck so it
isn't there's not really much point in
putting it on the neck to be honest just
leave it I'm not gonna put it on the top
over your top neck is that because you
were why I just think you need to blank
out the lip now that we blended it in
the foundation as you can see perfect
color match nice blended in really nice
there don't need to go around the eyes
because that's what the concealers for
so now we're gonna conceal I use this
yellow shades because yellow can't
the dark I think that will look really
nice right if you could just look up for
me just cross your eyes for me that's it
that's perfect oh nothing
would you say that I could wear this
look in the day or the night or both I
think this is quite a versatile look to
be honest so I think you could wear it
anywhere over think even just to the
supermarket or yeah just you always want
to do the concealer wrap around the
outside of the eyes as well okay and
remember this little part in here this
parts really important that's where it's
really blue so you want to you want to
get rid of that so the outside and the
inside okay there we go
that's your concealer done using a
sponge tip applicator just cheapy
disposable one and I think we'll use I
think this this color here just this
orange and we're gonna use that just on
the inside so if you could just shut
your eyes on me you want to start right
in the corner and you want to go just up
there up to the eyebrow like that
feels nice and scratch is that good yep
yeah it exfoliates the eyelids as well
as them okay if yellow doesn't matter if
it falls down the cheeks or anything it
just adds to the extra effect don't
worry about blending either
I think blending is overrated I'll do I
don't think you always need to blend
just keep using the same applicator it
doesn't really matter no see you're
going for a vibrant green there yeah
vibrant green I like to call this apple
green throw it out all the wrestling
baby is really enjoying some green on
there right up to the brow a bit of blue
blue is the best right shadow color in
my opinion everyone loves a bit of blue
just pack it on you just Pat then you
get more color pale don't worry about
any fallout again it's gonna happen so
it's not on my carpet it's just on you
fine what I'm wearing quite a simple
dress is wedding in September so I'm
looking for quite a subtle look this is
quite subtle no worries there okay take
it up you know like a little slip like a
cat eye on both sides just make sure
it's even there we go I'm gonna take
this up as you want to statistica's yeah
I'm just gonna fill those in just with a
sort of like a subtle pink sort of a
highlighting people would you say yeah
I'm gonna call this the highlight
because obviously we're gonna move your
browser pearl oh they're gonna be much
better
I even think you know Rihanna sported
some pink eyebrows in one of our videos
or
somebody did and it looked quite nice
yeah so it's the new trend we'll take
that and we'll go up with the blue as
well
there we go perfect now that we've
created the colorfulness here and the
eyebrow we're going to draw the eyebrows
just on a bit higher just so she looks a
bit more sophisticated just gonna use a
iPad eyeliner pencil just draw those on
we like them to look like yeah like real
so we have to give them the shape of
course yeah the traditional tadpole
shape we've got here just taking it
round taking it up some like to call it
the sperm and just for added realness
man we all get those few little hairs in
the middle that we can't pluck so I'm
just gonna just draw some of those in
cuz it's got a look you know natural you
can't just fake the eye you can't make
the eyebrows look really fake they have
to look well that's the new thing though
isn't it as natural as possible I'm sort
of a flip them out a little bit like no
real super make them look a bit like
hairy tadpoles get the hairy tap polar
all that you know the hairy sperm or the
fast sperm it looks like it's moving
really quick you know alright okay now
we've done the eyebrows and the little
tiny mono brow hairs I'll do you your
bronzer because to be honest you're
looking a little bit pale just tap it on
on the cheek we want you to look a
little muddy do you know what I mean oh
yeah yeah yeah I'm down the nose
everyone forgets that Sun is their nose
that's the bronzer perfect that's just
what you want it to look like like the
sun's hit you that you're looking a bit
Brown
you know you've been on a nice holiday
we've been on a nice holiday okay cool
you could definitely tell you what son
so we're just gonna do a bit of liquid
liner underneath the eye this is a still
equipped one there we'll just go from
there just like that
just to make the eye look a little
bigger from there right underneath and
up that one goes out there we go a red
lipstick just to finish it off do you
want to moisturize lips or anything no
no and always go a little bit bigger
than your actual lip because don't
forget that a little bit on the teeth no
no leave that means that that's supposed
to stay if you could just smack your
lips together because it's not rubbed in
perfect just give us a smile teeth
perfect perfect so this is my finished
summer look how I kiss thanks I'm a
Chloe thanks alright thanks a lot for
being such a great model I think give up
your day job do this yeah me too
well I'm glad you like it Louise and
your daughter is staring at you a bit
strange I think she likes it
I love you too I'm about to get a
makeover by Louise and so this is my
bare naked skin almost and what kind of
makeup look would you say this is well
I'm gonna go for quite a dashing look
I'm gonna go for something you could
perhaps wear to sort of a dashing look
that you could wear to work and work
look but something a bit special for
work so that you can stand out amongst
all the other people at work so like the
best employee yeah I'm going for
employee of the month
little an Employee of the Month lip yeah
okay let's get started I'm doing it I'm
going yeah so you put your hair up okay
fine convention away because often I
wear this to do my makeup just know a
regular headband but I don't think that
will suit you and I want you to feel
quite special whilst I'm doing nothing
so I'm just going to take your fringe
yeah because you know just because
you're not what I make people at the
moment doesn't mean you can't look
special yeah so pin that back and just
to make it feel good just gonna pop that
there and who I wear this to work as
well no don't be silly this is just for
while we're doing it okay oh sorry so
but what I'm worried about is that
you've probably look a bit dull okay so
I'm gonna start off with a bit of
highlighter and I'm gonna go for this
Iko cream what you want to remember
whilst you're highlighting is you want
to and a lot of people will tell you you
want to highlight the areas that yet
that you want look dewy but I think that
sometimes could be a bit different take
a fairly liberal amount that's quite
liberal chipped nail varnish is also the
way forward so rather than just put this
on the cheese highlight I'm just going
to put it all on your forehead like this
there's nice and cold
yep brush it right up into the hair oh
it's fun bit in your hair that's okay
because it's good to bring the two
together but right there in my
Hey yes okay you want it to be a
seamless transaction okay so I'm just
going to put it all around the edges
okay early glow blue frames your face
this does it really frames it it feels a
little like you know when you ice a cake
yeah well that's what you're doing
because you are the cherry on top of the
cake so we'll do the ice thing and then
we'll go forward let's see the top tips
that I learned at the end Mac top tips
event was to bring your makeup down your
body so we also want to highlight your
cheekbones I know you're sorry your M
collarbone collarbones just give them a
nice sheen and also this bit here so
that everyone really can then you know
season pronounced and this is what this
won't apply to you if you are a bit
curvier like myself this can have a nice
slimming effect if you just go down a
bit as well just draw the attention to
the bust I'm going to sort your eyebrows
out and you will find that for work
people often try and match their eyebrow
color and to the eyebrow pencil what I
think is a nice idea is to use a color
pencil it up so what I want to do if you
could just tilt your head up
it is rather than actually go on the
eyebrow I want to go up under the
eyebrow and then up and round it so that
you can really pinpoint where they are
so people aren't confused in any fashion
as to where your eyebrows are and this
pencil very good has got a metallic
finish
so that shiness will also sort of match
your highlighter that's important okay
so good extra shiny well who doesn't
will it be easy for me to recreate this
at home and I think though it might be a
bit tricky at first but if you just make
sure that you watch this video as you do
it and see you at home I mean you can
really play around with this if you
haven't lost exact blue you could use
anything you could even use perhaps a
felt tip or a biro or if you've got any
paint just acrylic paint water-based of
course
okay yet all you wanted white yes or
even nail varnish pop that in your
eyebrows now I know that often what you
want to portray is that you're working
very hard and going as fast as you
possibly can so to really really get
this message out there what you need to
do to show that you're going very fast
is to put some go-faster stripes on okay
so I'm just going to take this
purple pencil and if you go from the
nose because this is a central point so
if you just draw a little line here is
it to say you started here okay and
you're going as fast as you can just a
few you'll be fine like whiskers no not
whiskers so it go faster strike oh don't
be a fool from as a starting point and
across and if you can join it right up
to the end highlighter that's good just
swirl it around in the highlighter bits
or blend it all in like that blend it
all in you don't get very tired and your
eyes because you've concealed it well
that's a problem because if you go to
work not looking tired they'll think
that you're not working very hard you
see actually I'm just going to use this
blue because you want to look tired so
if you could just look up for me
just use that on the inner corner there
like that
yep and then a bit of brown to show that
you really are just shattered of use the
coppery tone because that will
complement your eye color just like this
I'll compliment you quite nicely don't
want to go overboard
you are at work after all it will show
off
not sure what I want to go with this now
so we're going to do your lips now and I
want you to if as fashion as possible
but remembering that is a professional
place that you work so if you could look
up we're going to do the bottom lip in
this Mac Vegas vaults and just apply it
very carefully as carefully as you can
now remember how we did the go-faster
stripes you can't actually apply this to
your lipstick so as you're going along
don't stop that's silly to stop on your
lips there's no need just keep going
just really make the lip line where you
want it to be okay
so done the bottom lip don't need to use
a pencil because you don't need to be
accurate right on the top lip so if you
could just look up and again make sure
that you do get a nice what's that
called
something bow keep it's very deep its
bow I'm following the other one
underneath so a bit of Cupid's bow just
draw it on if you've not got the plane
pissed at the lips I'll follow it out
sorry we've not done that as precise as
like right we're nearly finished now so
II think you're looking dashing but
you're looking exceptional but what I
think would win fish off to really give
you that extra dazzle for the employee
of the month
oh it's a bit of glitter now you may
have noticed I'm not funny I shadow on
you all right liner well no because you
would work I don't we look silly I'm
just gonna take this this is stargazer
this is holographic glitter because then
you get all the colors off the rainbow
so what I'm gonna do
and you're gonna really like this
they're gonna use this brush this is the
old rubbish brush and I find the M the
coarser and the ones shared in the best
the coarse shedding ones get the best
effect with them so I'm just going to
literally pour this onto the brush like
this can you see that just like this
it's mostly going on
that's okay and if you shut your eyes
when just a gentle wash over the lids if
you tilt your head back a bit that looks
good bit more on really load the brush
up just shut your eyes again really Pat
that on probably best you don't open
your eyes for a while just bring it out
blend it right out blend it right out
right out I'm just gonna do a little bit
of zooming just I keep my probably for
the best
so there so his eyes it's quite up close
just a little so as you can see and you
can open your eyes now very carefully
it's blind yourself and I think that in
the place where you work that that is a
really good look and I think that people
will really realize that you care about
your job and that you're taking things
seriously how do you feel like I'm
inside a disco ball or I get you look in
the mirror to look yes please
not very big mirror but you'll get the
gist I'll zoom out so you can just I'll
show the top today I think I look great
it's not something it's not something
that you think you would like to
recreate them at home at home yeah I
think it's quite easy definitely well
accuracy and subtlety is key for this I
definitely think my employers would take
me seriously like this I think so I
think that you do really well so Louise
that's okay any time I'm actually
available for hire okay yeah for this
exact look only this will afford you
this look okay all right is there
anything you'd like to say to your
viewers before I switch your hands yeah
so this is my employee of the month
makeup routine done by Louise the
professional I blow them up makeup
artist mm-hmm so that's our makeup oh
it's very itchy
get rid of all this glitter okay so if I
just watching guys and thanks for
watching guys okay now I'm gonna go in
them yeah oh it's what mad I hope that
everyone I know is theses videos that
they can copy this really good look I
think they will I hope that my husband
sees it for one and also other people
really are desperately hope that they
see also now what we've blended in the
foundation we can't let it smudge wrong
with the best of makeup artists yeah now
that we've blended in the foundation now
let me blended in the concealer right
right I'm just gonna happen should we go
to the park now should we go to the park
now do you like it hey look like rainbow
rainbow bright
