hi everyone I've just been to Primark
which obviously means that I spent way
too much money on stuff I don't really
need but that is the joy of shopping in
Primark I asked on Twitter if you wanted
to see the stuff I got because I know
not everyone enjoys watching what people
bought but personally I like it because
I like to see what's in the shops yeah
yeah yeah yes please yeah yes yeah yes
yes you all said yes yes yes yes it goes
on forever absolutely forever
what does whoa you all like Primark
balls Oh
apart from my brother who just said no
well Joe I've got news for you you don't
have to watch it so I went there this
morning I did my usual got up went there
really really early with my mum and I
had a nice time shopping three bags full
it's like the nursery rhyme or that's
three bags full
start with the clothes maybe because I
bought some reason I went a bit
accessory mad we've got quite a lot of
accessories but I'm okay first thing I
bought see if you can see it is this
dress
I don't know if you can see um it's just
playing black and it's sort of fitted
and it's a really nice jazzy material
and it sort of just goes out like a
skater girl dress at the bottom and
select it's a really nice length and it
was 11 pounds and I think what I'm going
to do is going to take these horrible
tacky buttons off and put some nice
buttons on because they look a bit
cheapy but yet fits really nice and that
looks very nice out of 11 pounds for
this pleated skirt which is long yes
it's a maxi skirt frilly and it's all
pleated they did have this in a really
nice like pinky kind of dusky pink but
they didn't have any of my size they had
like an 18 and a 20 left I think so yes
that was 12 pound I got these trousers
which actually I bought last was it last
week yeah last week when I was in
Nottingham with my boyfriend he actually
bought them for me but when I put them
on I realized they had a massive hole
like in the seam at the side and he is
going to take them back obviously and
get his money back but I didn't want to
risk not being able to find another
eight because when I saw these I grabbed
them and they're just a really really
nice sort of burnt orange red color and
I though I guess you would say that
high-waisted actually so are these
high-waisted and then turn the bot turn
the bottoms up so they look quite cool
and I really like this they were 10
pounds I bought a bra
mommy's black one softly and this is
this is quite a random purchase and I
probably I'm gonna regret buying this
but I quite liked it and maybe it's
slightly childish and a bit kind of
unexplained but um I want to cut it and
wear it like a loose really loose like
t-shirt so this is the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles t-shirt also I would just
like to say I look a bit scruffy today
because I have I've literally just got
back from being Bristol and I realize I
have a nice lipstick stain on my t-shirt
here and this is the problem with
wearing bright lipstick it just gets
everywhere I mean how do I even get it
the hair hair what I do is like um every
time I go to Primark I hunt high and low
for the body tops you know the ones are
the little poppers underneath I can
never find them and I managed to find
them that in the night wear and lingerie
section why didn't I know this all I do
now but I didn't before and and I bought
a white one parents knew knew and the
other thing I don't really like about
them is they put this horrible like
diamante um SP for secret possessions or
whatever their little brand is called
which they don't they don't really need
to put that on there why do I need to
put that and that ruins it but hopefully
I can either pick those off because
they're only like tiny little glued on
gems or it's hidden by whatever trousers
that I'm planning to wear or not be I
got it white and oh this was and this
was six these over this for six pounds I
forgot to mention also the Ninja Turtle
t-shirt that was six pounds or so and
that was from the men's section I've got
a few more I've got the same in black
again with the really annoying dime want
a stick on gems I mean some people might
like them but I don't
see the need and then I've got also got
one in a short sleeved and back slightly
lower on that one as well which are
quite liked and that was also six pounds
and so is black one six six six and then
this one I found in the sale and I quite
liked it because it's a really pretty
blue and it's short-sleeved this was
three pounds reduced from sick foul and
again it's got the low back and again
it's got the horrible horrible gems on
it and I realize these hangers and these
are the non-slip felt ones and I've
liked these so I bought some more to
fill up my wardrobe they're much
prettier than the horrible plastic ones
nine and I don't ever like to say when
they say would you like to get hung as I
always say no because they're just
horrible and cheap and they look nasty
in the wardrobe and also they stick out
at every angle and a bright bright bag
so I risk doing that these were four
pounds I got these which I love so soft
and I'm a bit of a weirdo and I think I
said this in one of my other videos I
really liked by jammer bottoms all the
time or just casual sort of around the
house trousers and these ones how cute
are these they've got a little ribbon
and they are so soft in a fleece all
they're soft inside too and they just
really keep your winter trousers and the
ends are like elastic so they grip
around your feet and they're just so
cooked and I literally can't wait to put
these on just lounge around the house or
we especially bad in bed they're called
love to lounge and I got these in size
eight to ten but some I know some people
like to wear their sort of casual
trousers a bit bigger but I'm just so
excited to wait and these were
five pounds I think they had a different
color as well it was gray and white but
I like the blue one before I get onto
the jewelry I also this is probably a
most random purchase of the entire year
I was downstairs in the men's section
and me and my mum walked past these male
mannequins and they both had on you know
the like adult baby grows they had the
men's version of those and the men's
versions are so much nice than the
women's the women's I think are very
childish and a bit kind of yappy like
like kind of the colors are like bright
pink and just a bit I don't know this is
not exciting but the men's ones have
they're just amazing you have to look in
the midsection they're fab and they had
a devil and um this is the one I got
it's the monkey soap the hood has little
ears and then the chest is like this and
my favourite bit is the tail and of
course it's got proper feet on the end
now I panicked a little
and I was like they're not gonna fit
because small looked massive like long
massive it's obviously it's for men and
I'm not exactly the tallest woman to be
fair five foot four and so I was like oh
it might not fit but it does fit that
was 12 pounds I can't wait to wear this
around my around the house in winter
have ears there's a devil one and
obviously was a little horn with a
little tail and it was a Superman one
there's quite a few other ones but oh
the monkey
so that was a random perjure much
jewelry I went a little bit jewelry mad
um what am I going to Pamela is always a
few pieces that I like but I liked loads
today and I don't really know what
happened there but I've got quite long
earrings I got these like tooth looking
ones and just ivory and while they say
cream and these are two pounds so I
think they're quite cool even if you
just wear one in one and just a stud
like today I just have a triangle and a
cross just feel a bit different also
because I couldn't find where the one I
also my boyfriend also bought me these
um which are the as techie ones I'm
pretty sure you've seen these already
everyone seems to have got these ones I
also have the red ones but I really like
the white because they just seemed to go
with more my boyfriend also bought me
these from Nottingham with the trousers
that broke but they broke um he doesn't
actually know this yet and they broke um
so I bought another pair and then he can
take the other pair back with the broken
trousers and then you know gets himself
twelve pounds back then they're
technically not present again but yeah
they're really nice and they were two
pounds in the way of studs I didn't
really see too many that I liked but I
really liked these little I guess stacks
are they reindeer stag antler deer
things and these are a little bit like
if you missed out on the H&M woodland
creatures earrings they're a little bit
like those and I think I lost my
woodland creatures earrings from H&M and
these were only a pound so I thought
they were quite cute I was in two minds
about this because I think sometimes
this can really wrong and sometimes they
can look alright but I got these
earrings and ones long ones sure it's
just a little diamante cross and then on
the end
it's a diamond taste skull if it's going
to stay still and they were only a pound
so you hungry go wrong well I'm one side
learn across and the other and really
really long feather earrings as you can
see with a little bit of gold chain
these I thought would just slip nice if
you have like one hanging you can see it
in your hair well I suppose you could
wear to think they're quite boho they
were two pound fifty what I how many
like what feather it's others it is duck
feathers I don't really know but I will
not need birds they had to feathers
from to make these earrings you never
really think about it like that do you
just pick them up and think cool made
look nice now there's like a bold duck
somewhere fees which I thought were
really pretty
we've got silver metal feathers and then
real pretty lilac you'd billowy feathers
they look quite nice they were two pound
fifth day um next is I got this one
which I think I kind of only picked up
because I neither wanted to turns into a
belt I guess you could wear it as a
necklace it's quite got like come dangly
bit coins and such and that was in the
sale and that was a pound so I do
something laughs I'm sure so I got this
one
this one which is really long like by
electric because I like my long
necklaces and this is really really
really really really really long gold
chain with this really pretty blue stone
on the end and I mostly liked it because
I loved the color of it so bright and
pretty and I just think that would look
nice just look how long it is I got this
one which is the gold acorn again it's
quite long and that's just on a sort of
suede
I guess rope and this which goes with
the little earrings and this kind of
reminded me of a galley Barty necklace
if you're not aware of a brand they have
a little stall in Brick Lane and also
they're online but I know that they sell
one similar to this because I really
wanted it for a while so that's pretty
similar and that was only two pounds
I forgot to say how much the other two
necklaces were the Acorn was two pounds
and the little gem ijen that was two
pounds as well keep looking in the
mirror I'm really sorry I need to sit
down gigs so excited um this last one
was quite expensive but it reminded me
of an All Saints netra like well
something you'd see in All Saints anyway
and I just thought it would look quite
cool if you wore it right or with
something and it's tangled but it's
this one and it has loads of little
black feathers and the chain is like a
mix like a mix between gold and silver
so I guess you could wear it with
anything really and I'll just put it on
- you can kind of see with my hair all
the way but it looks like this it looks
like this um and I really liked it and
it's six pounds which I guess is kind of
expensive for Primark necklace but and
also it's really heavy and it just feels
like it's really good quality as well
bracelets I got this slick little boho
II sort of wrap around little bracelet
it just pops there with the poppers and
that was one pound fifty and I got this
one which is real leather and a orange
one with gold studs and that was two
pounds and that's also a wraparound
bracelet because I think they look quite
cool just mixed in with normal ones
we've got this I know I don't really
know why I got this because I probably
won't use it but I saw it and I really
liked it and also it's got pink brush
Brook pink bristles and it has it's
called an angled and flat brush it's got
the angled brush this end and I like a
little flat concealer brush on this end
and that was one pound fifty okay so I
think that's pretty much everything that
I've bought and I hope you've enjoyed
this video and that you've seen some
things that you might maybe you can go
to your local park and pick some of this
stuff up so very exciting yeah so I
shall leave you with that and I hope you
have a lovely weekend and a joyous week
and I shall see you soon all right Suns
coming up although my breasts are alight
I'll get on with stuff I bought I'll
show you now yeah
show you it show you it now mm-hmm I
hope you have a fun something
fantabulous from from table
