let me see where we go in we're off to
mothers for dinner we're in Joseph's car
today because as some of you may know if
you read my blog my car died and blew up
on the motorway so we brace a driver so
we're driving in Joe's car today because
I don't have one
splendid I asked on Twitter what sort of
video that means overdue and we are
going to do like a video but maybe we
could just do a little blog today if you
all up lip Joe says we're going to cash
in our pocket and somebody actually
requested that you say fashion rubes in
the next video so could you please just
do that for me Joe and what or where to
take action routes
suk-jin roofs this is um near where we
live it might be quite toys right to do
might be quite tourist zone today
because it's a Sunday which means all
the tourists come to where we live and
right man quite chaotic so maybe we'll
show you that Joseph swore I don't like
it when people don't say thank you in
your wages well really we live as you
can see in quite a historic commercial
play Harry Potter land and Harry Potter
was filmed here actually
thank you and do let me know if you like
these follow me around vlogs I did
actually use to do them imagine if we
crash now you just did true today I was
just how much my strength maximum while
filming well then that would be
extremely good you'll be material better
straight on you've been framed
you'll pay for damage um do you let me
know if you like these little blogging
videos because I used to do them but I
stopped because I don't really do much
that's very exciting but you like the
ones that merely Louise did so I just
figured I'll just video today not that
we're doing innocent acts I am but
catching on our pocket yeah we might try
and ride an alpaca if you don't know
what that is we will show you soon do do
that
yeah let me know let me know we're just
pulling up to the petrol station because
Joseph is quite low on petroleum I
always hit red how do you be more quick
things breathe clean squeezes our choice
of petrol filling today any any a reason
behind your choice Joe okay I don't
actually I know you verse away to Eunice
why I keep a list go behind this Honda
talking reading something I don't get
too close because the Khan front of him
might go faster instead of what's in
Joe's bag shall we do what's in Joe's
glove compartment let's have a little
look here shall we
we've got
some water lucozade sport which is just
tap water what's this Tony Valentine
Golf Center why what did you buy showed
you got all the shoes Joseph likes to
play golf a little um thing here too
this pump right the front - if this room
language CDs media
what's this a Tony Valentine golf
receipt again blimey I don't know he
loves a Tony Valentine and this looks
like Joe's old revision you know what
that's in there and manual about it
really what a load of rubbish
hey aunt spycam
I wonder if he's buying me any sweeties
I very much doubt that
I'm what that lady just said to you okay
looking at the petrol station she goes
here
Janu there's a girl taking photos of you
in that when you hand cure but boy I
really yeah so hey rights mister hello
okay then good day
you too hello we're just pulling up to
pick up my Nana and granddad Zhanna
hello that's next time at the next right
turn Shh we're picking up my other
granddad say this is my filming may stop
in the car because I'm not too sure if
they really want to be filmed I wouldn't
want to do it just in case but we're
here now so bye say hello YouTube hello
YouTube no don't do it that way hmm
that's look stupid you have to it is
fuel from attinger skills check
um we're going to go show you the our
crackers which we have here he just like
running up behind me
um check there's nothing coming on this
extremely busy road here watch out
Joseph look left and right um where are
they today go inside it makes like a
weird squeaky noise why have a mother's
stick here no let her run over that look
at everything during their Hey lose it
oh my gosh they are actually running do
their voices Hey oh yeah I look good
come on you go check about oh my gosh
that's a little bit scary get more named
thing is right they'll come over but and
they work they'll stop out there see
their little froze hey how's it going
I think a lot of people might be quite
confused by an alpaca like a goat but a
camel yeah not the best description how
cute is there he's like posing for the
camera Joe go around the other side
don't get too close to him like she
doctored on that one with the animals
alright dr. Dolittle hello you're
getting quite close I'm not sure I feel
comfortable with this thanks Alan that's
going for a week that hang on zoo his
name's Ralph I should put a saddle with
me and rode one mm-hmm
he isn't one at all of it Oh goose wave
I've seen a lot our packet per my time
of that there's a lot it's like a
bowling Nesquik on the floor just
thought I'd quickly do my outfit of the
day are you saying mr. a is from Topshop
this is 15 pounds this bags from a boot
sale for a pound quite like it and then
I just have plain leggings a vintage YSL
belt and some little new look dapper
shoes and then my ring are they focused
mums shouting Kui in the background son
from H&M this one's from Lily Melrose
shop and I think this is from H&M too
and that's it
you
oh just pay my ghost pay one
