hello how you chew burritos hi today we
are making a video on both channels
which I don't know if anyone has done
before have they not that I've seen so
we decided to do a collaboration yes and
it's going on both channels because we
think that it's something that is a
topic that comes up a lot and it's about
starting a blog because we both were
talking we both get a lot of emails and
comments and tweets and questions from
people saying they were starting a blog
and how should they do it or they
started one and could we give them
feedback and stuff so Zoe said that
shouldn't have the time to ever give
everyone feedback so we thought well why
don't we just do a video on feedback so
that if it happens when we get those
emails again we can just reply with
check out this video it's got all out
sort of top tips if you will because
I've noticed that more and more people
are starting blogs nowadays I don't know
if it's because it's more prevalent and
we hear the web blog or phone probably
and perhaps they're seeing the success
of other people's blogs and thought I'd
like a piece of that cake and I'd like a
piece of art like a piece that code is a
big enough cake for everyone so we
thought we'd crack on and our first
topic is starting a blog so we what
we've got some notes here we do who went
through our mouth what would you say
would be what would like to start off
with well I think when you're starting a
blog is the first thing you obviously
want to do is decide which platform you
want to base your blog on so I mean
there's either blogger which is I think
the most popular that's blogspot or
blogspot yet um that's what you and I
both use yes all those WordPress or you
can buy a URL I don't really know of any
others but there are quite a few
different blogging platforms you can
choose to set up your blog on but I
would actually advise blogspot which is
blogger calm and be very easy days I
mean you've seen Maroof to be honest
even I can use it and you see my level
of computing knowledge yes I that's how
good at this pick a name so yours is
solar I might a sprinkle glitter but I'd
say pick a good name that's not like a
whole sentence long because that's
really tricky did you know my
start off as being called beads buttons
and a sprinkle of glitter that's a
mouthful it's long and difficult and
when you say to what I've started a blog
and said was it good go read what Irish
brother knife-thrower it's too much it's
too much make it easy and catchy and and
if possible make your URLs of easy and
catchy so mine my blog is sprinkle
glitter and my URL is springing up this
blog spot.com but yours is different
isn't it mine's annoying I wish I hadn't
really kicked mine kasumi we don't know
how to pronounce it and if you're one of
these people you pronounce my blogspot
name um Shoei sure that's how that's
what I used to call myself when I was
little and it's a Zoey I said shall we
that's cute so that's what it is with
yeah and I don't know when I started my
blog I wasn't really thinking about it
to be honest I was that's the thing I
people don't think about and I
definitely wasn't thinking on it and
made lots of mistakes but hopefully you
won't make the same mistakes as we did
write about what you want to write about
don't think all everyone's writing about
sleek palettes because a lot of people
have been sent them and I'm going to go
and buy one and I'm going to write our
to only write my things you want to
write about otherwise it's obvious that
you're just doing it because you feel
obliged just passionate about what you'd
write about doing if you're one of these
people that writes about something
purely because you think that if you
write about it and everyone will come
read it and PR companies will see your
post and then maybe you'll get some free
stuff and maybe you'll gain new
followers then it's quite obvious to a
lot of people that the only reason
you're doing is because you feel you
should not because you want to start
your blog as your little space to talk
about what's in your head and you want
to put down onto your own little piece
of the Internet start it for your have
it is extension of you not an extension
of an advert yeah a blog is basically a
personal space on the Internet
so make it personal and if you like some
sometimes I sit down open blogspot
anything right you're going to do a post
today and sometimes I think I can't
really think of anything that I feel
that excited about today so just don't
write it
so don't force it yeah don't have to
write every day I don't want to
it's your blog you make the rules and
you decide what goes on it yes I'm
layout um I will be honest and say most
of the emails that I get from people are
asking me technical questions about
layout Collins sizing how did you make
your header and how did you get this I
know you guys get how to joint your head
nose oh yeah so it made it and you may
pay these questions are kind of
frustrating me because I have to teach
myself how to make my header I mean I've
done a little bit of Photoshop in school
but I sort of learned myself and if I
had to try and explain that to somebody
else I'd have to sit down with them for
an afternoon I couldn't just type up an
email and say this is how I made it
inserted it how do you teach yourself
than so those integers what I did was I
downloaded the editing program an
editing program that I use for both my
photos and my header was Photoshop so
I've got Photoshop which is also what I
used at school so I was sort of learning
at school how to use it and yeah
download it give it a go put photos in
chop things up you have to kind of teach
yourself unless obviously you know
somebody who might be able to show you
how to do it
I do think with layout though it's quite
important to have the right like spacing
you know what I mean that you can't have
everything crammed you can't have too
much going on make it then you can't
have it too spacious easy breezy easy on
the eye if you're if this is your blog
there's only one blog that I like that
has this I find it difficult to read and
make my eyes feel it funny with a black
background I don't like it yeah just as
a personal preference black is I mean
it's been scientifically proven that
black isn't it's easier to read text on
a white yes its background I find
yeah I think my majority of the public
probably all that sexy majority of
people would find a white background
more pleasing to the eye more easy to
read and yeah yeah nothing too fancy so
just plain if you can I had a swirly
whirly floor
for a while and it was really pretty but
after a while I felt it was too busy and
it bothered me yeah because when
something's too busy it distracts you
from the actual post and I'd also like
to point out font I find quite an
important factor if you've got a swirly
whirly fun I can't read it
no I like my eye if you have millions of
different colors like your letter your
words all different colors I find that
tricky some people do like different
sections order I know some type out of
different colors but some people
highlight lots of keywords and stuff and
it makes me feel a bit funny I just want
to say I know this kind of sounds like
we're contradicting ourselves because we
have just said it's your blog you make
the rules do what you want these were
this is just final our blog if you ask
you're asking us what we can advice we
can give this is what this is the advice
we can give you this is what we think
and a lot of people ask me how I get the
middle section of my blog larger than
the sections on side I also have to
Google this and find this out myself oh
there's a blog you can go to the
teachers you have to do that's how I did
mine yeah I bet you search for it don't
you you see absolutely mess about with
the HTML of your blog which is on how to
describe HTML the inner workings of your
blog seojun's of your blog you want to
sort of decode and change base you know
what when I see the HTML on my blog I
feel like it's open heart surgery it is
a bit tricky this alternate work had a
little fiddle with my blog and I whilst
he was in it I was like no it's a bit
scary I always always every time I do it
I recommend this to copy your HTML code
if you're ever going to tamper with it
save it
have a little tamper see what happens if
it goes completely wrong
erase it and put back the original such
a good tip I've done that lots of times
and I know quite a lot of people that
have tampered with their HTML it's gone
completely wrong and they've been stuck
so always do that but also Google how to
do it
Google is your friend and a lot of
people say that but it really is if you
want your back if you want your middle
section bigger than the other two
sections just put that in Google and it
will
yeah so pictures large and clear I think
pictures is the most important part one
of which is a Content picture world
pictures are part of the content natural
light is very important and it's okay
with ICANN it's not too bad with an
artificial light sometimes but it
sometimes when you do a flash I discover
this my early photos it bleaches all out
of it and makes it of it yeah
if you're taking pictures of products
and you want the color to be good and
you want the quality to be good use a
natural light if you're just doing you
know like I did pictures inside my room
of my dressing table I wasn't going to
wait for natural light for that because
I actually thought artificial that look
better yeah but if it's products and you
want to portray the correct color then
use a natural light so because they're
generally speaking nothing at all light
is best also natural light works better
with a camera lens because it brings
more light in and it just makes
everything look much clearer and crisper
crisp I like that word crisp a macro is
your friend macro is your friend we've
got 1 minute and 31 if you have a macro
setting on your camera and you never use
it then why fresh my crony you don't
know is off a little flower
yeah creamy for normal en close up it
allows you to get a better focus of an
up-close object so if you're like trying
to take this photo of like a lip gloss
really at closing you're like why is it
going blurry if you switch to macro
it'll immediately make it so much better
you know I don't use Photoshop I just um
take my photo my little rubbishy camera
that was 80 pounds like 4 years ago it
was just a rubbish little camera and and
I'd hit mean macro setting and I just
crop thin of it and just put them up
just sort of fit the war if you will
okay a Fanta it's nasty photos but I
just sometimes I don't because I find
things like that heart so if it's really
if you injure sort of think it's really
important to you do it but if not then
your blog will still be nice I think my
vlogs nice and I don't a shit my food
some cameras aren't expensive you don't
need a really
pensive camera to take good photos when
you upload your pictures your computer a
crop of it because it's nice to have
like your soar product kind of rather
than like this house it's sort of like
this so you can see it up like more up
close not describe that well but no but
people go on you're going to have like
to see have your duvet yeah if they've
come on to have a little look at a
barium it glass they want to see the
barium look up they don't want to see
your bedroom or like Louise's face
behind it you know what I mean
yeah so try and take it on and a nice
background a nice background yeah you
take your own photos don't steal other
people's which leads us on to stock
photos try not to use stock photos if if
you need to sometimes to do to like you
can't people with broken or in your case
if you get sent an email up like a new
collection where there are no products
to hand yeah they might even been
invented or they have but they've not
been released yet that's okay but if you
can try to use it for every post because
it's nice stuff personal touch isn't it
yes and also but like part of the main
thing I enjoy is taking photos and it's
pretty sad but it's nice its therapeutic
is then you're like oh what got good
shot oh I'll put that on my blog make
the experience that their experience on
your blog enjoyable for them and provide
the link just yeah make life easier
there's a widget you can get for
followers so you can people can follow
your blog per please put that near the
top because if someone wants to follow
your blog I hate it I think I really
want to put slalom scroll down and they
put it right at the very bottom a lot of
the tire don't bother adjusting okay
then I'll just in this out but if you
put it at the top then easy to find you
have if you enjoy your blog and you
really love it and you love what you're
watching about other people start to
love it so don't worry about the
followers and the treats like the free
things because if your blog is good it
will take care of itself I just also
want to say because a lot of people ask
me all the time how did your blog get so
big how did you get so many followers
I've been doing my blog in February
February that would come next that will
be three years I've been doing my blog
so if you may have only just come across
it and thought whoa how did she get
followers I've been doing my blog for
quite a long time and I've probably been
doing it for about a year for any PR
companies psychic messaging me and and I
was like whoa what hang on PR company
the read my blog and it was also about a
year until I started meeting other
people that did blogs or talking to
other people that did blogs for a while
it was just me and my blog and
occasional people even comments I
thought okay cuz some people were you
know it doesn't get big overnight and
that's what people do not understand no
it's a shame though because that must be
very frustrating to be like oh why isn't
it more epic that's a lot of wasted
effort but don't start it just yet beg
for the first six months of my blog only
have 69 followers on the 6th on the 6
month anniversary of my blog ad 69
followers and I was pleased as punch
exactly you should be pleased like oh I
don't know how to explain it but if
you're going to write a blog purely to
get freebies I'm purely to it's not
worth it sort of work clothes might as
well just spend six pounds buying them
going up into those that wait you can't
expect everything to fall into your
hands after one blog post or after 10
days of you said your blog doesn't work
either unfortunately it doesn't never
did though this is Zoe taught me join
Twitter because it's fun and you get to
talk to lots of other beauty bloggers
and you'd pick a lots of good tips and
it's that's a nice way to be involved in
the community yes if you wanted to be
involved and you didn't want to write a
blog join Twitter and just find other
beauty bloggers because I quite enjoy
that Twitter is a great way to build
good relationships with other people and
subsequently for them to find your blog
don't compare your blog to other
people's blogs
otherwise you'll feel very rubbish about
yourself because there's always going to
be blogs are better than yours out there
like for example so he has a big blog
I've got a medium blog but if I looked
compared then I think my blogs rubbish
competitors because you get so many more
followers and I know what your stats are
because we talk about it and I don't
compare them because they're different
completely different like my blog is
more of us or perhaps a family blog
because I talk about they go to a lot
yours is more like a fashion blog I
thought it'd have fashion posts in our
baby posts so most year today they're
different blocks so if it was two of the
exact same thing then by all means
compare it but you're never going to
have the exact same thing as the one
because it's personal and people are
different and if you do have the exact
same block of someone else your blog is
not personable to you yeah it's just
copying someone else so just try and
enjoy your blog and don't let me love my
blog I love my long I do I really do
really love my love a useful tool if you
are into finding out what keywords
people have searched find your blog or
your most popular blog posts switch I
mean I find that stuff kind of
interesting because I'm a bit of a geek
I put google analytics because it
interests me to see like what people
type into search or my blog but what
what I find out Google Analytics doesn't
actually influence what I write about
you could it shouldn't influence you a
like if you found everybody who searched
lipgloss found your blog then you might
want to put lipgloss in your blog more
to continue this but you could use it to
influence what you write about but I
actually don't yes I rarely go on Google
Analytics I go on it because do I lead I
find it funny I like to search the
keywords I've had very strange things
really I had something like a large feet
in stocking and then something like man
and they found my blog somehow and I've
also had garden frog and I found my I
got woman looks like man what am i hey
educate yourself
yes by that I mean before you write
about a product I was having to look
upon its website just to have it ever
nosey see if there's anything I could
learn about it for example I'm just
using my most recent post my blog was
the importantance eyeshadows I bought
them I liked them I was going to blog
about them but then when I looked on
their blog I found out they were like
87% mineral pigments something like that
so I included that in my blog because I
thought it's interesting and I thought
well that's interesting so I thought
perhaps of
there's nothing worse than going to a
blog where they've just put I really
like this eye shadow it looks nice
you're like great any other thoughts
obviously I I mean I prefer knowing why
they personally like it yeah not what's
in it but but why they liked it unless
they liked it for what's in it
exactly it's all a big contradictory
mess of blog it really is but I mean a
lot of the subjects we've covered could
be quite contradictive and they probably
people will say they are but well these
are just our tips and so take the ones
you like and ignore the ones who don't
eat leave what you don't like that's at
least seven years you don't want you
didn't leave what you don't like so okay
a lot of people asked why how we get
back to events I think you get invited
to events when you have proved yourself
in the blogging community when you've
been around long enough for showing up
committed to your blog but you also have
to build up a relationship with these
companies it doesn't just happen - I
mean you send a few e-mails back and
forth maybe that sends your product to
try really liked it and then they think
well hey we've built up a bit of trust
with this blogger so obviously they
don't be interested if they came on to
an event yeah it doesn't happen straight
away which is a shame it's such a shame
because these people that start blogs
are often you know very excitable and
excitable excited and would really like
to it's a shame that not everybody can
be involved but if you are committed to
it then you will get your opportunity
immense events and freebies are not the
be-all and end-all are there nope
hey hey bash moonshine Oh
in terms of getting your blog out there
and recognizable because no matter how
much we sit here and say it's not all
about the followers it's not all about
the freebies it's not all about the
events some of you won't take that at
all and your want followers and you will
want freebies and we want to bail
everybody does yeah I mean it's a lie if
you wouldn't if you turn around go or no
thanks look I don't want anyone to read
it yeah you won't be able to read your
blog obviously otherwise you wouldn't do
it you'd need to create diary what we're
saying is like just don't make that your
focus
your photo moment and a few tips to get
your blog out there is to leave comments
on blogs if you don't leave a comment
anywhere no one's gonna see no one's
going to see like see you no one's going
to find you yeah commenting is a good
way because also get that's another way
to build relationships with people
exactly if you leave if somebody okay
for example I get quite a few comments
on my blog but the ones that stand out
to me are the lovely ones or the ones
that you know that somebody's really
read your blog post and they've really
taken the time to write your lovely
message and nine times out of ten I'll
click it and I'll go look at your blog
if you leave me a comment that says nice
check out my blog and you leave me a
link I'm less likely to look I'm less
likely to click that might just be me
but no I don't like that I like don't
source your blog on people please don't
force your blog on people it has the
adverse effect we're a long read my blog
you gonna do it then yeah everyone go
read it radios Raiders rained it she
can't even read she know what else I
think is a nice mindset to have don't
start your blog and think I won't mind
you better than everyone else's start
your blog to join in with everyone
else's because there's a lot of blogs
out there and YouTube channels I really
enjoy to spend time on and to be
involved with and to read and watch and
stuff and I don't ever think oh this is
better than mine or this is worse than
and I just think this is another one
like exactly
there's no rank there's no hierarchy
everyone just writes a blog about what
they want to write a blog about and if
there are more people that like to read
a certain blog then there are others it
doesn't mean that yours is any more
rubbish does it just enjoy it you're
walking it's fun it's a hobby it's not a
job life's too short for yourself to
work talk about things just do things
the enjoyment because when you 103 and
you're on your last days you don't look
back and think I wasted all of my teens
or my twenties all of her 30s all my
early age getting stressed out about
nobody was following my blog you really
would
what I can think what's that thing
yes--she
wasn't that firm last I had a blog that
was good time
we didn't work out our sailing we do
know that sounds really big look at that
video
all right dream bump all right okay oh
yeah I can't say hello so I just say
hello boo boo
go to yours and go to mine which like
that and then you could say we're going
to take a videos going on both channels
yeah okay
allow my youtuber Minos we're making a
video that's going to be oh fuck you're
saying that by me if I compare my vlog
to yours
I'd be gutted why boy but I don't in my
Silhouette let me talk no more buddy
I'm getting a bit passionate wait like a
dickhead maybe good so what do you talk
about pop blocks she says my life blocks
and I'm on I don't you love mommy
because how are you still tired
Kostya such a hard life being a baby
it's just what we advise sorrow that was
good time yes
Oh bless you that was a big sneeze
Oh
just put your video that's trying them
would usually does him know for a
million pounds yeah
to ruin all my makeup no honestly Hobart
