all√¥ harlot always youtuber Remo's I
thought they'd introduce my video it
means I don't have to do my sorry do you
want to know I don't know because I hate
introducing my videos I never know what
to say I always need to get a Soviet
mocking Aloha I don't know if I need but
I don't know if I really want what about
them
no coffee or anything Howdy Doody Howdy
Doody Oh
aiyah what's once I along a lot better
I'm hi everybody this is going to be
wait hang on I don't want I'm here today
with Louise of a sprinkle glitter hello
I met you know quite a few of my videos
and you all know who she is now assure
me yeah skip I loves ya anyway yeah they
were here today in Louise's house with
this lovely background here that's not
bad
sounds on my bed any amount of you
we're gonna do our all-time favorites
video today of makeup of our life yeah
they're also parents of life we give it
this video today is going to be all our
makeup favorites mm-hmm
so we've got a list of things like
categories like different categories of
makeup and we will show you that our
favorite ones let's get cracking yeah
Claire what's first first one is
favorite highlighter I've cheated loads
I've got to my first favorite one is a
Mac and it's the strobe liquid lotion
and this has a little punky thing like
this I like a lot are you just squirt it
out I've got it it's lush and it comes
like that it looks a bit more too but
when you rub it in that's way too much
do you wear it on top of your foundation
yes I do actually I mix it in with my
moisturizer that's a clever idea my
soldiers dot it here and the time and
if I feel like my complexion looks bit
dull then before I apply foundation I
pump a few bits into promotion rate and
rub it all over good idea I put some on
my arms yes lines but also my other
highlighter which is more of a bronzer
than a highlighter but I wasn't sure is
the map iridescent pressed powder in
delightful and I believe that is
continuing this if you want to go get it
quick our last penny yes and and it's
sort of it's just a light bronzer with
gold flecks in it but not like
smatterings of glitter but it has got a
sparkle in it see if they can see there
we go and I like that one because I
think then the one that they were
placing it with is just a normal show
called honesty but that's not quite the
same a glitter is bigger mmm what's
yours my favorite highlighter is um hi
bean by benefit and I'll this one is the
freebie that came with the Glamour
magazine because I did have one that
came in like a little kit and I used it
all the time I like to put it on my
eyebrow like on my what is called Robo
brow bone that's there huh look
beautiful my alternate one isn't it yeah
this is the more pinky tone where
they've got uncle Moonbeam which is
slightly more golden but this is the
pinky one I've got a cheap low mood
being sure of it if you like umm and
yeah I use this on my brow bone
that's a sheet or make bit of juggling
maybe I've also got that one yeah so I
like this one I also really like the MF
s by Mac but I don't really have one
that's my absolute favorite for
highlighting okay mascara George go
first it's your video on eyeliner
do you want to go first yeah
I kind of have to favor I honest but I
misplaced one I didn't bring it to
Louise's because I couldn't find it but
my all-time favorite um what's this
called liquid liner is the L'Oreal
carbon gloss l'oreal super liner in
carbon gloss this one I would all say
that's also say that's one of my
favorites
I just really realize you to use because
liquid rather can be a bit tricky it has
a nib like that nib good word and that's
my favorite liquid liner but recently
I've been wearing just pencil just
smudged and my favorite pencil is a
Chanel one because I think they're
really nice this you know pensioner I'm
not trying everyone overlooks them you
don't go to the Chanel counter looking
for a pen a pencil we're dealing know
everyone's all about the foundations but
I don't like the Chanel foundations but
I do like the eye pencil look my
favorite eyeliner is by Mac again sorry
it's a bit Mac focused and sorry my
nails chipped no one will notice from
this far away
um and it is Mac one in smolder and it's
just a cold pencil and it's very creamy
and easy to blend but it doesn't like
run down my face it runs down line and
then that's it on my waterline I'm
really writing like that because it's
the blackest black is tensile isn't it
yeah who is it has what route I'm
probably see that every time I wear it
it ends up on my cheeks I color
shall I go yeah mine is a Mac again I'm
sorry's all Mac with these are my
absolute favorites and I don't have all
that makeup I have a lot of drugstore
makeup but she does I've seen I've seen
all of it if you're gonna pick your
absolute favorite if new favorite
absolute favorites this it is a people
people simply say oh okay I got me talk
today how this is bad study me I want a
Paint Pot nominee I used to have black
ground but I saw dicks in never used oh
well I only recently bought as it looks
like this wait to say oh oh
oh okay
a literary when I'm in a rush just go to
it that no yeah Alex likes leg up build
or it's so pretty I thought that one was
just plain no it's painterly that it's
Matt oh oh that's obvious on that one no
yes and then you cannot be use as a
primer for eyeshadows or if you want a
Russian jet but a wash of color on I
don't know if you can they gave me like
it was worse than money I think that was
maybe as good a highlighter as well
actually I use everyday number what are
you seven so I'm definitely gonna ask
more pupils I can move on my shade stick
this is really really lame but I
absolutely love the sound of a Paint Pot
do you know what I mean it's very
satisfying sound my favorite eye colors
are first start I would like to say that
NARS are my favorite eye shadows do you
ever try to nails eyeshadow louise's and
Mars virgin and I'm going to pop her
nails cherry one day and I think that
NARS eyeshadows are the best quality Mac
is a close second but nas is the best
and my brother bought me these
eyeshadows or Christmas I think or yeah
Christmas he bought me these my mother
once nature is such as Rufus his
roof is to me rude Roos and he
bought me this duo from NARS let's cover
up the mirror he bought in this duo from
NARS called it soul is old and it's got
two colors in I absolutely love and use
all the time and because I think their
orange toned they go really nicely with
my blue eyes and I just think they're
easy to check on and they're really nice
colors so they're my favorite do you
think this all the colors for Lana no
next up mascara taught me today yeah
it's your video
mine is exquisite curl by number seven I
had this in my June favorites I
absolutely love it it's probably my
favorite alternate forever you didn't
like it I didn't like it but not that
when I was in Greece is the word absent
absolutely was absolutely and it's so
absolutely love it oh that's quite cute
I see it all works wrong thing with it
death like you think conversations
conversation conversation yes I
absolutely love this conversation I
don't like it when people say Pacific
instead of specific I don't like you
people say something something or when
someone says super drugs
or matter land they've heard that I hear
it a lot on videos and I all just popped
into super drugs and it's like look at
the F come from the signs above the shop
and let's say super drugs and Matalin
suddenly becomes much Al and I think
that sounds better though so Matalin my
fifth mascara is my echo and I actually
know a big fan of this one I need a new
one this is the icon mascara big eyes
you know they'd increase the price o
have sex okay no have you not seen all
this drama it's now 15 pounds kidding no
from eight miles to 15 pounds yes and
all these people are saying I refused to
buy for my go oh and then they said but
don't worry you can still get in one of
our kits for 25 pounds oh that's okay
then we should bought loads while it was
eight pounds because it is really good
because it is squeezy cheap and the
brush looks like this and I don't
normally like this or brush because you
think but that's going to be Oh drink
you think that's going to be rubbish and
but actually it's really not it's really
good but I can't believe it this that's
almost double I'm pretty sure I don't
want anyone to quote me on that but um I
did see a lot of drama going on about it
don't buy it if it's 15 pounds don't buy
it I say it's an outrage isn't it is
that right I'm you know I've got
something bad to say about Eiko they're
a bit naughty sometimes with the Aiko
Commission it's all about confusing is
that no one will understand that and
they'll be like you get money huh well I
get away once this year
okay uh I color oh I my files like a
foundation this is kind of cheating
because I've got two favorite foundation
to because because in terms of coverage
or days when my skin is exceptionally
gross I will always use Studio sculpt
and in nw20 and this is a gel based Mac
foundation and this is the only one I
really like I've tried I think all of
the matte foundations apart from the one
in the pan the way I'm sitting makes it
look like I'm pregnant again I just want
to see my dress it's one of those Empire
long ones and it floats out like my
stomach isn't here just like continue I
want to make sure you get up in Toledo
oh well she looks like a enormous
morbidly obese blob who she has just had
a baby
let's just not thus morning so much of
them I came all this way and she gave
birth
we could write a magazine and get 250
pounds no means that did happen up we
won't do that
don't lie then we're gonna see this
magazine article on black um so yeah
this this foundation is particularly
good I think for coverage and if you
have quite dry skin I find that it gives
you a nice glowy finish funny you should
say that no but also my favorite is the
same in nw15 but right now you look like
you're more tan than me because when I'm
tanned
my favorite is benefits some kind of
gorgeous and this is running out what
I've got another full one not really the
best example oops
it comes with a sponge but I don't want
to use a sponge that's in there yeah and
it's more a tinted moisturizer and when
your talent you don't need too much I
don't think you know to their mind are
favorites and but also my other favorite
foundation which I have been buying
since I was 16 so um these goes at five
yes that's right is the bare minerals
foundation that comes in the little pot
and I just think this is amazing and so
many people don't get it every time
every time they're like what pollution
can I get I always go get this get there
even if like it's really nice for people
that actually have nice skin doesn't
give you a massively full coverage it
doesn't make you look cakey it makes you
look glowy and healthy and really nice
so sometimes when your skin is tanned
and nice and it doesn't look too spotty
or gross and you can use this and it
looks absolutely firing your skin looks
nice and natural or if you're having a
kind of rough skin day you can put a
tiny bit of this on and then put this on
top as you're setting powder even though
it's foundation you just put a light
dusting on and that is what I do to my
skin every single day so it's
multi-purpose yes I love them all and I
love it love it
I cannot recommend this enough please
buy it and it's good for your skin and
you can wear this to bed and it's
beneficial woof what's up and I'm not
being paid to say that I actually just
really liked it and I think I've
probably bought that ten things of these
it should pay you them I should bronzer
okay mine is again Mac this is noted and
picked everything Mac it's from the Mac
Wonder Woman collection and it's the
golden lariat and it's enormous and it's
literally put it against put it up to my
face
it's huge sizes of his head so as you
said why is it flashing it's fine I like
it because it's got three colors it's a
bit cracked I dropped it and out always
I've no no no but it was alright and I
like to use the girl for a highlighter I
don't really use this terracotta one so
much but I like the middle one and
because it's so big with your brushing
get a good swirl on but swirl on good
fun so that's like it let me just
demonstrate Oh
and I used some of it last night and I
liked it my favorite bronzer well it's a
McHale Ronnie yes you know bright-eyed
bushy-tailed my favorite bronzer is
another one by bare minerals surprise
surprise and surprise surprise only I've
had one of these for about three years I
pretty much use it every other day
sometimes I forget board raise a
different one but this is called Photon
let's see if you can see that there we
go and it's a really dark kind of terra
cotta bronze it's what reminds me of is
you know when you get like a natural tan
on your face yes you're not orange II
know you're a bit pink like I get ready
like you're a bit sunburned yeah so when
you put this bronzer on actually does
look like you have a real tan on your
face like the Sun actually have hit your
face it's probably the most natural
bronzer other be used that's high
accolade indeed mm-hmm and it only has a
tiny tiny tiny bit of glitter so it's
not glittery or Oh too sparkly it's
really natural just shiny and lovely
next up is lipstick I don't have one
with me because you're a fool because
I'm fool but mine is much Hugh and I do
have that in my favorite lipsticks video
if you want to go and watch it on mine
is I was a little like all these
products we want you get this in your
box that's my pen blink it look undo it
up and down yeah and this is from the
lip creme with a prolong yeah program
prolong and it's a lovely red color and
I feel very nice when I wear this mmm
I think
lipstick ooh maybe I should be wearing
over it do you think they've seen it
long enough do you want me to do it for
you yes it's that one
and it goes on lovely and I like to put
it on with a bit of lip gloss over the
top and it looks beautiful and whenever
all my own red lips with my videos it
will be this one but I have to pick this
one because I don't really wear lipstick
a lot although right now I tend to wear
lip glosses so I don't really have a
favourite but I had to pick one that I
liked the most it would be this one
it does look lovely on you thank you you
will have next up is it's not mine so I
forget to lock my car mr. John no that's
gonna be really annoying isn't it Oh lip
gloss my favorite lip gloss is now this
is a drugstore drugstore super drugs
this is a super drugs one not my salami
and it's the bourgeois effect 3d les
nudes that's a really good French accent
isn't it yeah they know you do Len nude
let's noon less nudes that's really
London let's nodes lip lip gloss um and
it looks like this and the two colours
and the two colours that I really enjoy
wearing are 34 Rose mythic and there's
another one which is a slightly more
nude one I think it's called foreign
poetic make it something sexy Brian how
hectic oh my gosh about that has been
alright my favorite lip gloss is by gosh
oh my gosh is not Mac and is a dupe
though for Mac doesn't losses and it's
the lighter Desert Sun and shine what
what flavour subtle flavor baby sparkle
oh it's this one oh no no you made John
we don't know mirror on it
and it lights up handy for on-the-go
when you're in the dark and it in the
baby pink color with sort of our coffee
hat is so baby peanut and violet
sparkles in it slightly more fine it and
I just love it I heart it so much and a
way that's quite regularly and it
instantly makes your look kind of look
glamorous and exciting with just a whip
of lip gloss you can look I'll just
smack myself
you can look exciting a concealer
concealer and I have two which I use in
conjunction with each other um all the
time every day every day I'm going to
main thing that I always want to conceal
is under my eyes because I have under
eye circles which you can probably see
today look I have under eye circles and
I've tried so many different concealers
to try and cover this but this one is
the only one that really helps and it is
the gosh touch-up concealer in number
two not number one number one doesn't
work in the same way as number two
number two works for under eye circles
because it has an orange undertone it's
slightly more Orange
so when you put it under your eye it
combats the dark circles if you use
number one it won't work as much or
maybe it will but I've tried it and it
didn't really and then on top of that to
lighten it I use the benefit erase paste
in number one and I'm nearly out of that
so I'm getting a bit scared because it
is kind of pricey
this isn't like twenty it's a Janeiro SD
it may have gone up actually that's very
expensive live a long time and probably
about seven months that's a long time
not too bad and I do use it pretty much
every day well I don't really use
concealer unless it's a special occasion
or I want to look extra nice because I
just use Foundation and demise I'm quite
fortunate and don't really get too baggy
well I do but it's not something I wear
up to much
I'm worse now that we've got the baby
because I'm a quite a night but I do
just have
is kicked called confessions of a
concealer holic and you slide it open
like this it looks like a book I have
actually a review on this on my blog I
think I wanted perhaps you could look in
my blog I'll link Louise's blog in the
down bar that goes with this little book
it tells you all the things that are in
it
excuse my chips now on and you get all
of these things it's got a raised paste
of that girl it's got boying one and two
eyebright and lemonade I really want
that it's really good I'm all about
the concealing so imagine CEO is one of
my weaknesses actually our users on my
wedding day you know that's how good it
was I feel a bit like I'll never be
happy until I find that one concealer
that just covers everything you know
like a lot of people are like like
they're buy loads of foundations just to
find that perfect foundation where loads
mascaras just find that I'm nervous Cara
when I'm a mascara whore
I'm concealer one your can I invite all
the concealers that I can possibly get
my hands on and test them out and see
how good there was nothing wrong with
that sorry it's just a bit strange it's
not really everyone's favorite makeup I
do it if everyone was the same although
it's not my favorite I just feel like it
makes the most difference to me anyway
if everyone was the same be very boring
world wouldn't it really would imagine
there are people concealing their whole
face ok favorite blush trim to go first
yes and you won't believe it my favorite
blush sucks you from Primark who see
she's not one about Lamarck I've shown
it's quite a few times this is called
the happy couple yeah ok and it's a
blusher bronzer and it reminds me a lot
of the benefit and perfect 10 that this
was about 1 pound 50 and I don't think
they still got
Oh hypoallergenic I just think it's
really nice oh just hypoallergenic mean
means it's good with you also it's not
good but it's better if you were
sensitive skin so it doesn't have as
many like chemicals and perfumes and
stuff in yeah probably you love the
macro so that's my favorite one my
favorite one is by NARS again you really
should check out math it's good and it
is deep throat and this is a I guess I
would describe it as a pinky coral with
gold shimmer but it just looks really
pretty on and I probably use that the
most maybe pretty yeah
favorite makeup brush mine a bit dirty
because I'm also going to do makeup
brushes but just press I use them and
I'd say it's the Mac 187 but this is a
fake right off eBay and it's the duo
fiber brush it is dumpty and it's a big
fluffy one I use it for bronzers and
highlighting all sorts because sometimes
if I'm watching too precise hard you go
switch it up just squidge it and I
really like it it's just buffs
everything nicely and makes you look
airbrushed and not like khaki and this
one I use my foundation I'm having two
is the Sigma round top kabuki f82 with
you
ha and it's that one okay and like that
I just want to show you what I got which
I'm gonna do you want another time you
can go to Louise's channel to check out
a review of those amazing secret brushes
my favorite brush is by Mac and it is
the 109 brush and I use this brush for a
lot of things and I just find it really
useful it's the perfect size for
contouring it's the perfect size for
blushing
sighs for highlighting it's really good
that you've got a really small face
that's why it's perfect people what if
you had a really big face
would you really need it any bigger than
that to contour suggests no you wouldn't
it's good it's perfect and she's a lot
for everything really
I look like Ron kind of like hey I wish
I would say that this is them if you are
ever looking to start out in the makeup
oil you wondering what brushes I would
definitely advise this as one of the
first purchases you made maybe if it was
been Russian related issues yeah if they
wanted a Mac brush and they didn't know
which one to get but you know I was
saying buy cheap buy twice yes because
you get what you pay for
especially with brushes example with my
not sure oh yeah except for the rarities
that you find sometimes and so it's that
pretty much everything yes hey right
that is our favorites of all time ever
that was I liked it I liked it no it'd
have spun off doing no because I never
know how to end a video I would say
thanks for watching thanks for watching
or well I'll say just quickly I am here
staying at Louise's just for 2 night
hairs coming out okay I thought that
helped unison right and we've done a few
just random videos so I'll link Louise's
channel below because they're on there
so if you fancy going down we'll look
look at those and we don't look I was
nearly sick in one of them she was new
stick in one of them there was a massive
bang in one of them they're all just
very random and I will be honest I speak
for myself but I looked vile and I
didn't look much better and this they're
just a bit of fun who are in RGB jams
here and I addressed what a day in
London I don't even go to London this
come out the stuff has got just hot
empathy for me that's done has not
disrupt all of this coming up to play
okay right we're gonna go now we're
going to go up
t-thanks HQ thanks for what
