you can read the questions then dick I
don't do that all right
if you ruin it
okay we're gonna do the sibling tag and
these questions we produce you're made
these are questions that have been sort
of floating around the internet but also
I asked on Twitter some questions that
you'd want to ask us we've kind of
changed up a bit so this is what we're
gonna call the sibling tag this is my
sibling what's your name my name is Joe
Joseph my name is Josie did Joe or juice
my name is Joseph committed don't know
my name's Joe can call me anything
Joe it's Joseph Josephine or dickhead
you just did that
yeah no I don't know something might get
offended this is maybe um tell them what
you do oh uh is it really that hard I am
a a rooftop well I'm gonna I'm going to
become a roof Thatcher don't know what
is I'm just part I'm starting cut about
reflection is straw ruse ruse made out
straw and what do you do to them I like
make them I like make them fatter
there's a bruise there's a lot there's a
lot of fudge freeze right there we live
yes I old school English Bruce do you
think that you lose no more time
Bachchan roots right and now we've
established what Joe does yeah what was
i okay we'll start with the questions
question one who is the oldest do you an
answer that you are I'm the oldest I'm
21 Joseph I am the youngest the youngest
he's 19 but he's 20 in September
yeah four nice memory
um no funny memories we just used to do
loads of stupid stuff we used to have
bunk beds and we used to well one this
one time when we were really bored I
rapped Joe up in toilet roll I rat
suburban toilet roll like bandages and
then just left in there to comfort with
him and it's ball back the time so I
can't say dick every are safer if
testicle a I'm another funny memory is
when we were bored once and we have a
sofa which against the wall and we took
the cushions off and we were moving them
further and further away running in and
jumping over the cushions to try and
jump onto the sofa we live in a very
small village and serious like our
version of the Olympics
jumping over your sofa over the cushions
at the bounce on the sofa board yeah
it's not us doing it and um I jumped Oh
this was like the furthest away wouldn't
it yeah it's like this oh this is like
hardcore gym this is professional
standard and those and I ran and I
jumped a physic kitchen and I like
landed on the sofa
bounced up smashed my head into the wall
and broke I went straight into the
middle of a picture and smashed it that
was for nature forgot to bring it with a
stick that one not that's over that's it
last week that's not going on no we had
a tape player record here and you can
record onto like black mesa good shot by
blank tapes get really excited and start
recording and we were in a holiday and
we actually found the time to was it we
did you tended we were it went pop stars
is on refer oh we pretended we were here
he was going to do a hair say that was
quite we did like oh I was script Hey
number three memorable arguments do you
remember when we had an argument and we
had that stool in there at Christmas
there in that room where we had old
Chris into the dining room
that's called in middle we had an
running around it now that hit you you
got pushed me I fell into this door and
smash my nose is bleeding so you let
your remember yes make it oh it's just
bullying we are number ones we had
knives ready for school this is when
were younger we always have sleeping bag
races down the stairs made yeah we
getting sleeping bag I can just bump
downstairs remember race and we were
racing in the morning for our breakfast
and she do I mean we had not even about
something like bit ye on the leg
probably did yet remember laughing what
me I did was when we're in a paddling
pool oh yes yeah what do we are body I
remember was well I think I remember
actually you had these like figurines
and you had one that was like a shark
and you had like a cage and had Jimmy
quest in it was his name Johnny Johnny
Gomes hey Johnny questioning he was
playing it in the paddling pool because
I went picked up the cage you have
mental at me and you let us my toys like
snatched out my hand and like hit me so
I sighed crying and Joe picked up a
camera and to confer with me this is a
last week it was it listen so there's a
photo of me crying get walking at the
public pool
actually no you didn't take it did you
mum ticket no I think I did actually I
think we did mum want database you cry
say that one for y'all basically as a
was asleep me and my cousin decided to
shut up cuz I decided to come in when
she's asleep
we got super to ponder in this go to the
toothpaste put on a hand and then put it
away our face like by our I know you put
up my hat on your hand yeah and then we
like tipping your nose I just like that
old trick and so you got and smeared
toothpaste on your eye and like a crusty
toothpaste I and I was crying you're
crying cuz it was so painful
this is stupid it's quite a whiteboard
it as well as you actually a video
that's like goodnight you have it here
we have is one cool mask from before
only better called over see
right there just like James - funny no I
don't feel like it
and again they felt so bad so you're
trying to record over if you like
blinded you nut looks like ya be blinded
you like the me know it was up again do
you argue now and when was the last
argument you had um the last time is
when you called me selfish the other day
because I wouldn't cut your hair yeah
he's so selfish or you care about
yourself
cuz I'm I got back from a six hour
camping trip I'm calm you've been on
holiday for a week
yes so I divided relaxing time you come
back and you get straight back into work
came here excuse me I do not think
things
the other argument we had was I was in
my room this was about two weeks two or
three weeks ago I was in my room and I
let my brother use my laptop because his
is broken and it's not funny dude
the next thing I know I'm in my room and
my phone's going mental
I've got people texting me like what's
wrong what's wrong and um loads of
facebook notifications coming up like um
talk to me anytime and I was like what
the hell so I looked in my profile and
Joe had Facebook raped me and he'd put
what did you hear something like oh so
shit right now most need someone to
speak - it's pretty urgent I ran in
there
no I didn't what did I do yeah James
know you like shout with your room
uh-huh I shouted it joke from my room
but that isn't funny people actually are
messaging me saying talk to me I'm
worried about you
I don't like people face it with me when
it's about stuff like that
just cause you're be read you get such
cool to work who keep all this envelope
on the edge
show us an old photo go and get that one
from the spare room you can
I think it's quite obvious who's who
what's the last text you sent sure oh I
don't know actually I'm like whoa rev up
so you're London's another no Zoe are
you awake
Zoe I awake with the last text I Sona
and I didn't reply cuz I was asleep she
was not awake are you close right now I
would say this is like 15 inches like 20
X please we always face one thing annoys
you about the other very good Joe uses
my hair spray and um well we have this
thing where if we buy a package okay
maleeh yogurts party Oh guys ice lollies
chocolate bars oh yeah yeah just nice
treat I'm pizzas now treat basically Zoe
only eats five food no I do
5/5 for any savings any news like five
recipes yogurts biscuits crisps peace
where did you wanna see me put a packet
of crisps and if and you'll Reaper
ticked about certain foods y'all protect
your just wait tech supervise I just
funny I know it yeah you always actually
mmm you was just like a family on this
was last ice lolly
hey Ivan fact me what you said anything
that you do together you know I don't
fist what annoys me about here another
thing that annoys me about Zoe
it's a if I'm right if I start singing a
song I'll start singing a song leave it
up going to you from in her from her
room she'll start singing it backs up we
didn't little duet from room to room
like that's just great but then I change
a song starting again my trying to sing
the tune I don't mean do either it's
just subconscious exactly it really
annoys me
he doesn't cut yeah dude
so you're starting the same one that
would you wet inflate from room to room
anything that you do together we sing
duets yes it seems I sing songs from
other side so room we select pokemon
cards did you stick it I did you select
for a week when sometimes Pokemon
Pokemon can were used to connect portly
ones were / are you competitive with
each other I think in some aspects is it
more like more cards nobody now
protective I think you are but I'm not
yeah I think I'm much better next
question have you ever thought do you
remove the others mates yes
no J's friends are all younger than me
yeah it's true as hard a few and who are
my friend I'm gonna say cousin right
there should be watching her she is this
one better
wow that was late on that I surprised
you mad but SEC nice to me very much he
was offended by my presence I'll write a
name down
oh yeah so this look okay yeah Joe did
but I didn't these are all your good
amazing what one thing can you do that
your sibling can't say what one thing
can you do the icon on what thing can I
do that you can I tuned I can wear bra I
can do the helicopter
what's that helicopter is the helicopter
you can do very gotta think about it
oh really you can drink more alcohol
than me yeah I can't drink any alcohol
but I can bet I can burp I converse and
I can't combo I can ba ba ba okay
I can't burp in joke umber yeah I just
don't know how to best mean hey Bert I
can't listen huh I can't burp have
babies there we go I can have babies and
joke on who is
let's look in well I think James
probably the best-looking two women and
I'm probably the best-looking two men
yeah
that's quite a good answer in it who is
the most talented we'll let you decide
which one's the best-looking leave
comments below then I'll take you cuz
it'll girls who's the most talented me
oh I think we're both talented we're
both really creative yeah that's true
can do this I can do accents we've not
finished our sibling tag you can't stand
like that you activated I hope you've
had a barrel of laughs
okay separate now you can decide who's
better the key right you want to say
goodbye
right that's all the questions done
thanks no no don'tdon't gateway
basically we don't know how to in this
video we've tried multiple times you can
do so by
