hi everyone I'm really sorry that I've
not made a video in so long and
basically had a massive breakout didn't
really feel very comfortable sitting in
front of a camera I'll be honest that
sounds kind of vain but I didn't and
I've just been quite busy I also had a
week off so I went actually went with my
boyfriend on a little camping holiday to
Cornwall and got some nice photos of
that if any of you are interested in
seeing any of them then I'll use the
blog post below so you can go check that
out and that was nice bit of a break and
now I'm back I'm doing a video and I did
ask on Twitter and what you wanted me to
do and June favorites came up Top Trumps
so that's what I'm going to do for you
today obviously I do get sent samples
and products to try out from various
different PR companies I will say just
quickly a small disclaimer if I don't
like it I won't mention it all my
opinions are honest and you can trust
what I'm saying basically so yeah I'm
going to be featuring a few products
I've been sent
um I wasn't sent them recently I was
certain quite a long time ago I wasn't
asked to review them or anything but
yeah I'll give you my honest opinions on
them anyway first one is um itself
I was um emailed by a self tanning
company and I'm always one shot fake tan
because let's face it when it's summer
you don't really want to go out looking
white as a ghost and if you do then
that's your preference but I don't
really I just think I look a little bit
healthier with a bit of a tan not too
overboard nothing too orange and it was
the tan solutions self tanning spray for
all skin types
completely empty I literally used all
this up and knew had a little cry
because I loved it so much I will do a
thorough review on my blog for this
whole range because obviously I did
really really liked it and so I will go
into a little bit more depth on my blog
but for now I'm just going to say this
one was really really good I really
recommend it it's sort of around the I
would say mid
high-price mark when it comes to fake
tans or around your Zen tan maybe it is
slightly cheaper than suntan and son
play but it is really really good and
this was 150 mils I probably got about
six applications out of that one because
it is a spray and if you do your whole
body then obviously it's going to use
out more but the only reason that I
really really like this is because all
the tan solutions have got an undertone
of red so unlike all the others I've
tried where they've put a green
undertone obviously to try and make it
more olive this one had an undertone of
red which personally I think looked more
natural because when you get when you're
exposed to the certain you would
naturally go a sort of ready dark sort
of tanned color rather than a green tan
color that makes any sense so it I think
it looks much more natural and I really
really liked it and it smells nice as
well
smells like brown sugar
the next thing I've been really loving
is by a company called bdellium tools
again these are sent to me again I don't
really think it's a very well-known
brand but it definitely should be and
they look like this they're the bamboo
range I do apologise they're dirty
because I use them but I'm not going to
clean them just for the purpose of this
video is that would have been a little
fake and a bit of a waste of time I got
sent the concealer one which is nine
three six which is your standard
concealer brush and I got sent a
blending brush which looks like your
standard Mac two to two and I got sent
an eyebrow shader it's just a slanted
eyebrow shader which I have been using I
found that useful but my favourite one
is definitely this one which is um I
guess I mean it didn't really come with
a name I think it was just held one but
the shit's really dense and the shape is
quite round which I found is really good
for like buffing in your foundation so
I've been using that but I just like the
fact that they're green and the bristles
are green as well and they're all
control or are they synthetic I can't
remember if these ones are natural or
synthetic you will have to look on the
website but I'll try and link it below
anyway and if you are interested I mean
I think they're really good price and
I'm definitely going to look into find
some more because they're really really
soft in fact I would even go as far and
say this is probably the softest brush
I've ever used on my face so yeah I
really like those ok the next thing is
something that I love all the time but
I've just been wearing it Lots this
month because I repurchased it and it is
Mac Aquatech perfume Turk what it or to
what it looks like that it smells
gorgeous and everywhere I go and people
have been asking me what it is that I'm
wearing and this is what it looks like
and yeah I love it
yeah you're wearing that pretty much
every day it's really nice some effect
the next thing that I've been really
liking this month are Topshop lipstick
let me see if I can just hold more like
for you in some sort of manner I have
four in my collection now obviously
you've seen me buy two of them in my I
think it was my most recent haul
actually but since then I mean I will I
will quickly show you those two even
though I show you them before it's these
two
and I like these ones for sort of a
different kind of nude so this one's
pink nude and this one's an orangey kind
of nude which is actually what I'm
wearing at the moment so that's desert
and that the other two that I've
recently purchased um ah ah slightly
brighter it's this one
don't know if you can really tell this
is called uh Lala and the other one is
called infrared which is a very very
bright orange and I basically just think
they're really pigmented nice packaging
I'd highly highly recommend them and
they're quite moisturizing and basically
I just think it's ridiculous that MAC
lipsticks are now 13 pounds so I've
opted for a cheaper alternative and gone
with Topshop for eight pounds I just
think they're really good quality the
next thing I've really enjoyed using is
the I think it's lasting perfection
concealer by collection mm the inner
region region the only reason that I
questioned this is because it's all come
off and but I'm pretty sure that that is
what it's called
I saw lots of people going on about this
and I think I bought it about two months
ago and I really really really like it
it's done a grand job of covering up my
little breakout but I had I I actually
bought it in medium fair and deep and I
don't know why I picked up deep I think
I thought I was really tired I wasn't so
I'll be selling that I haven't used it
but I have I do use a medium and the
third depending on when I take the
tambour when I've got my natural pale
complexion the last thing I really
enjoyed using is which I have enjoyed
for a few months actually it's probably
become one of my favorite like ID
products ever is the exquisite to curl
mascara
this is a new document focus this is
fine number seven and I was again sent
this as a sample and I didn't I mean I
don't ever really go to number seven to
it from scara's I don't actually shop
number seven unless I've got a voucher
it doesn't really send that to me as one
of those brands waiting oh yeah they'll
have a good mascara and so I got sent it
didn't really have very high hopes for
it I just thought well I'll give it go
see what it's like I used it and it was
amazing it's probably the best mascara
I've ever used and I'm not over
exaggerating at all I think it's because
um I like I don't like plastic bristle
brushes I don't get on with those at all
and this is just a natural bristle brush
don't if you can see and it does have a
slight curve so obviously it helps to
really grip all the eyelashes so you can
like properly get like under knee and
flick them up and and I actually use it
in color black brown black which again I
never thought I would like not a lot of
people I know would prefer to use Brown
mascara over a black one because
obviously black is much more dramatic
and effective but I really like the
brown black version I do have the black
one as well and I mean I have three
because I just keep buying them but I
love them and also I kind of stopped up
because of the five power outages but if
you're after a new mascara I would
definitely look into this one I don't
think it's everybody I think people that
don't like thick lashes like this can
kind of look quite clumpy if you're not
careful with it but I like that because
you literally just need one coat and you
can just see instant results but I love
it and you should look into it if you're
considering buying a new mascara that's
pretty much everything I've been loving
this month and I can't think of anything
that's really stood out to me that's any
different I use I use the same products
pretty much
month so I don't know if I'll always
have monthly favorites but yeah I shall
continue to use what I have and if
anything stands out to me is being
amazing one month and I will let you
know thanks for watching anyway and I
hope you have really nice weekend and I
show hopefully things crossed
season I got these ones for like yeah if
it was nothing yes he's no can you just
stop that good good
just shut up let me finish hooray
