do-do-do-do-do hello everybody today I'm
going to be doing something you all love
and something I don't do as often as I
would like or as often as I used to do
and that is a good old pry bar call I
recently went back to Somerset and no
trips back to Bristol or bass is worth
doing if you're not going to stop up and
stop you're if you're not going to stop
off in Bristol Primark because it is the
best Primark you will ever visit go
without further ado I'm going to get
started because it was one of those
promo trips where there were far too
many things I like and ended up taking
out an embarrassing amount of big bag
this might take a while so I'm going to
start Primark homework section is really
great in the moment they've got some fab
like cool things that are really not
that much so if any of you are looking
to like do up a room or you've got a new
uni dorm and you want to kind of jazz up
a bit but without saying too much money
check out Primark right now first thing
I got with this throw this is one of
those throws that got that really soft
stuff on one side I don't know what
that's called fleece and it's this
really lovely like baby pink color and
it has gold foil feathers on it it's
really pretty and it wasn't even that
much as 15 pounds and the size is 150 by
200 which I don't know what that is that
double I'm not sure anything like baby
pink right now I'm all over and it has
foil feathers which I'm just obsessed
with I also got this one I'm not sure I
went a bit like throw crazy this is a
geometric foil large throw this one's
slightly bigger this is 180 by 220 very
soft very nice oh I thought I got this
little ball it's got a mirror on the
bottom and it's got this really nice
like Paisley type print on the top and
it's one of those like your old jewelry
style boxes that you
open up whatever your heart desires in
it I think I might put this on my
bedside table and just put like my watch
and my little things are taking off at
the end of the day and then it keeps it
a bit more tidy and it also means when
you open and shut your bedside table
like drawer doesn't all knock over
because it will all be in there two
candles I like Taylor candles
I've got to like pillar candle candle
holders downstairs so I needed some new
candles for that this is the sea salt
and lavender candle I wasn't too sure
what sea salt and lavender would smell
like turns out it smells amazing it's
really fresh and light and I also liked
that they were nice color gray I picked
up three dark gray luxury face cloths
because I use flannels every day to take
off my makeup and cleanse my face so I
thought it would be nice to get some new
ones because I'm constantly using them
and some of mine are looking a little
bit worse so we're and I feel like if
you get dark grey they never look dirty
so what's the dark gray about quite a
few cushions because they look amazing
we have this whole like leaf print thing
going on it's not very tropical and I
was digging it so I picked up like all
the cushions from that section this one
is probably my favorite one has tiny
little pink pom poms all the way around
it and on this side it's like blue and
pink the opposite way and on this side
it's blue and pink but with leave why
can't I speak I was only five pounds
bojong I also picked up this one which
also have leads on it
I love the whole like navy blue and
green thing I think these colors go very
nicely together and it has like a kind
of hessian sack vibe going on around the
outside kind of trim so I picked up that
one I also picked up this one which is a
teeny tiny shiny copper cushion because
I love copper but also think this is
such a cool like statement cushion like
I love this a lot maybe not as
comfortable to lie on all that you can
see my face and
I got this little one which is blue and
white kind of tie-dye effects with tiny
little yellow pom-poms on the outside
and again just really like that I picked
up a fake plant
I like fake plants because they don't
die and all you have to do is sort of
dust from every now and then very
practical especially if you are a sort
of person that just can't keep plants
alive
get some good fake ones I actually think
this does look quite good as fake plants
go this one's quite realistic and it's
only from Primark so I really like it
it's very cool a lot of leaves going on
this is slightly a bit more add on
boring but still I loved it this is a
bath mat and it's like bubbled and I
really like it I think that's so cool
and would be lovely to step on when you
get a bath or shower there you go
can get your bath mats at Primark as
well oh and I also got this because I
suck at drinking water to anything that
can contain a large amount of water for
me to sip on all day is good and this is
a huge like cup and it says sparkle like
a unicorn which is kind of quite cheesy
but I also really like it and it's got a
holographic unicorn and like pink and
silver ombre glitter going on it's just
a lot but I like it and if there was
ever anything to encourage you to drink
water I think this is a really great
thing to have to do that I did get some
bedding which is like a tropical leaves
which I'll insert a clip of now and I
also got the parrot cushion that you'll
also see in that clip from Primark too
moving on to clothes and shoes first
thing I got which I feel like everyone
has is this peachy pink jumper which
says we can't ride I love this oh yeah I
got some like boyfriend style jeans
Primark now do a size 4 which I've never
noticed before and although the size 6
and size 8 is fine for me
depending on the kind of story
one I did think the jeans and boyfriend
fit jeans at that because they're
slightly baggy I would go precise for
these do you have
some ginormous ribs so I don't know if I
can pull these off or I don't know if it
were like I've been savaged by wild
beasts but we'll soon see oh okay so I
already have a pair of these joggers
they're just like simple joggers with
like a white toggle but they are in fact
I'm wearing some right now but they're
the softest joggers I've ever owned I
have no idea what fabric they use to
make these but I love them so I wanted
to get some more how much were these
actually they were eight pounds and I
just really like this like so many pink
color very nice very nice got myself a
kind of you spitting stripy t-shirt I
like that I feel like you can never go
wrong with a stroke a t-shirt so let's
try it
look how cute this jumper is stripe
check free shoulders check little bit of
color on the end check I loved it I
think this is so cute this was it really
nice with black skinnies and a little
black bag and maybe some like other red
accessories possibly but I really like
that that was only ten pounds I need to
rescue my back oh oh these t-shirts I'm
obsessed with again a very very soft but
they're just these like tight
short-sleeved basic t-shirts but I
actually wear these a lot and there are
only three pounds so I picked up quite a
few of these I've got grey one got two
grey ones and I got a white one possibly
that was it also pick up some white crop
tops I think I got these in two
different sizes because I wasn't sure
which one was sitting back there already
spilling out a crop top that's not
pretty I also picked up this jumper
which I love this is plain black and it
has really pretty flower embroidery on
the shoulders there's a lot of
embroidery at the moment
there was one embroidered jumper from
Zara that I really really wanted and it
was out stop and then when it came back
and stuff colors I feel like everyone
has this jumper now but this is a great
alternative so I'm happy about that
I pick up this switch I don't remember
picking up at all but I quite like it
it's got some stripy sleeves and it's
very soft it has quite like a wide neck
and it has white at the bottom like that
well I picked up this which I don't know
what it would look like on me I think I
was being a bit optimistic well you know
when you first go in and you get a
little bit too excited and you want
everything I think I was in that phase
like it was like the first thing I saw
so I was like come on oh love it and
then I think by the end of the shop I
was like meh I've kind of like it still
let's see what it looks like on so it's
like a shirt dress like a smock dress
with cutout shoulders and tiny little
side sleeves I think realistically with
the right thing this could look really
nice or it could look awful on me so we
will see I forgot I bought lots of
underwear what's that oh that's a bra
how pretty oh it came to set okay how
pretty are these little pants and little
bralette in that color and then this one
which is more of like a newly summoned
invert one with matching pants which you
like see-through at the back nor two and
then I just picked up a plain navy kind
of padded one I don't really know if
there are some primer fit me properly
when there's like this when I like a bit
more padded because I don't generally
buy bras and pro marks but I was like
I'll give them a try and see how it goes
down I love this color
a lot so we shall see quite a few
spaghetti-strap tops because I don't own
many right now I'll go through my
wardrobe I was like I feel like
something's really missing now that
Springs rolling around something's
missing from my wardrobe turns out with
these we actually come in so useful
especially if you get cold like me
and you I wear things a bit more
spring-like but you're like still quite
cold put one of these on underneath and
they keep you warm for alcohol too and
gray one and nude one in black 2 in
white because they tend to discolor a
little bit quickly and a stripy one and
they were one pound fifty each which I
don't think you can go wrong with I
can't say they last forever and ever but
they last really well for the amount
that you're spending on them another
pair of season soft joggers that this
time they're in a burgundy I lost this
hat and I don't know if this is going to
look absolutely ridiculous on me or if
I'm going to love it at you haven't
tried it on I kind of love it I mean the
bubble is like half the size of my head
but I love that this is like three toned
bubble I really will get that many
accessories actually oh ah look how
pretty this Ferrara's it's like bralette
oh my god beautiful I love these
trousers look at these they're like
straight leg quite like smart style
trousers but they're green and black and
white striking these will look so cool
in boots yeah love those they've got
like an elastic around the waist as well
got some tight these are the weather
sensor finish opaque type type keeps you
warm wet cool and cool when it's warm I
got some Alice in Wonderland style
pyjama bottoms because they were very
cute I wasn't as keen on the top though
so I just bought the bottom do you know
what mark actually picked it out he was
like would you let me pick something for
you and you have to wear it I was like
okay and he picked this out I actually
really liked the color of this skirt and
it had a little pocket so that's a mark
choice look I'm more tights tights made
with natural bamboo fibers why did I buy
more type I don't intend to do that it
oh well and I've also got some
black thugs because my not seem to
disappear I have no idea where all this
is this is quite creased but this is a
really pretty blush pink
what's the words of this pleated skirt
that's very pretty
I really like that I'm excited to wear
that oh my god how cute is it this is a
playsuit is it yes it's a playsuit but
look at the straps and look at the color
I love it
well I bought some chokers I'm not sure
how I feel about these legs chokers but
I thought I would see oh I bought some
little hoops marks at leaves in after
this Muchnick I can put mineral why not
these are only a pound rose gold
oops I just quite like the size core
they really go on and you will now have
a fear not fear but just how terrifying
is it stick earrings in other people
just as I was doing that with singing
butter like imagine if I was having to
put these on some Mouse I would really
struggle oh I love this this is a cocky
kind of suede feeling dress which is I
guess like a mini dress and it has this
like tie up front which I really like I
think that would look so nice with like
biker boots and another jacket or
sandals in summer or bags put this bag
it's a tote bag like a shopper but it's
like a gun metal metallic which I really
like last thing in this bag it's
dungarees do you guys know how much I
love my dungarees so I thought I would
get some of these I quite like that the
straps are thin and I also like that
they're a bit more kind of distressed at
the knees they're really nice I really
like these that is the first back done
I found few more home a bit
I found another sea salt and lavender
candle but this one's in a tin a marble
tin which I thought would be nice to the
bedroom and I also got there which is a
faux plant that you can hang in a little
glass like what they call terrarium few
more clothing bit a stripy t-shirt some
more jeans these are super high weight
skinnies that bison in black yes and
aood super highway skinnies in black and
the last items clothing is a stripy
t-shirt but it has thrills on the
shoulders which i think is very very
cute and this is a long-sleeve okay now
after shoes I love this style of shoe
however I'm very fussy when it comes to
this style of shoe and I've seen some I
think I can't wear those I think I'm
actually going to look like a
grandmother these ones so are very
similar to some of the ones I really
liked in Topshop but they never had my
thighs so when I saw these I was like
these look exactly at the top short ones
and they have a size three so I was very
happy about that they might not be as
nice quality or as long-lasting but I
like them I got some chunky heel open
toe sandal heels in news because I feel
like my water was lacking something like
this but I could wear with those
trousers that I showed you earlier or I
don't know a nice dress or even jeans I
think and also because they're not that
high it's more of like an everyday heel
so if I want to be a bit more
professional feel a bit more glam and
wear a heel with an outfit I think these
I will feel comfortable in any higher
maybe not
and I've got them in new just because I
felt like they might go with more and
they feel a bit more like daytime as
opposed to black these next ones I am
obsessed with I guess these are like
heeled loafer type open-toe loafers but
how cool are these with like jeans just
to like slip on I love this color it's
like a beautiful like
blue and obsessed I think this is my
favorite color blue ever I love it and
also again he'll go to the daytime any
higher not good for daytime I was dairy
and I bought some silver ones I think I
will wear these though like I think
they're really cool and then the last
thing I have to show you are these these
these are sliders now I've seen a lot of
people rock these and they look really
cool
I bought these as an experiment because
I don't know if I can pull these off or
if these will look good if all our fails
I use them as like garden shoes or I'll
take them on holiday and use them as
like quick throw something on to go to
the pool you know but I really like them
and they've got like embroidery on them
and they're fun and I don't know sends
me photos of people rocking these in an
outfit and maybe then I can get a bit of
like slider info and then I might have
the confidence to wear them so that
ladies and gents is everything I picked
up in Primark this time around let me
know if you guys enjoyed this video by
giving a thumbs up make sure you
subscribe if you haven't already and I
will see you again very very soon with
another video
