hi look at me being all organized and
bothering out on other videos you will
have to excuse the appearance today I'm
doing my little top knot because my hair
is not as clean as it possibly could be
and I am so tired I've tried to cover up
my dark circles but I don't really think
of them a very good job I'm tired but
I'm still going to make video because I
really need to keep doing these videos
more often because you're just going to
get all annoyed at me and I don't want
you to get annoyed at me anyway may seem
like I've bought a lot but this is over
about a month maybe more this is like
big this is a lot this is and I do have
music on in the background and it is
kind of quiet and I really hit this
camera's not picking it up too much but
I can't have silence there's a
chilled-out video today want a little
bit of music okay anyway I'm going to
start off with oh my gosh I literally
don't know where star maybe I'll start
with the cosmetic e things okay I start
with the like boring things I bought
some Johnson's baby white they're always
useful and I think they're really good
on your skin and they were cheap and I
always like to have some some full of
face white because sometimes if I'm
feeling lazy or I feel like my makeup
hasn't all come off with Lior I just
need a refresh and I'll use one of those
they work treat what else have I bought
oh I bought some Pinnock sill because I
was watching and Sarah's um s-walker
makeups a YouTube video and she used
this on her spot and all they may be
able to tell at the moment my skin is
really bad which is probably another
reason why I've kind of tried to avoid
being on camera but my skin is really
bad at the moment and I'm
I'd like loads of breakouts on my chin
and like round here and my nose so I
thought I'll get this and see if it
works because she said it was a really
good spot treatment so I bought that I
did actually buy this online I will try
and link below where I got it from
because I don't think you can get this
in the shop I got some of this got to be
um I think it's like it's a volumizing
hair powder and it's one of the ones you
sort of shake into the root and sort of
plump up in your hair and I've used it a
couple of times it I thought it would be
a lot easier to use than actually is and
it's quite sticky so I need to use this
a few more times before I can give you
any feedback on that and I also bought
this is really uninteresting but I'm
going to show you anyway um some Colgate
since to relief Pro because at the
moment I am currently undergoing a
whitening treatment which I can do a
video on if you want me to and a lot of
people keep asking me how I get my teeth
so white so I feel like maybe I should
do a video on my teeth whitening regime
um and it is making my teeth which
sensitive not mega sensitive and I can
pick and choose when I want to whiten my
teeth so if they start getting any bad I
can stop but I just thought this might
help maybe so I thought this so let's
see if it does help I also bought these
earrings
they were from H&M and I absolutely love
them and I pretty much worn them every
single day since I've had them which is
which I will get bored of I'm sure but I
love them I also got this dress from H&M
which can you believe was $7.99 I can't
believe it I was like what am i denying
for dressing mad I did have a little red
waist belt on with it but I've taken off
but yes it's just line II that's the
best way I can describe it but I like it
from Primark
I bought these horsey belts because I
seem to have this strange liking for
belts with an animal on I've got loads
of different bolts with different kinds
of metal animals on them and weird like
that
so I saw he says horses on and and
obviously you can't just get black one
have to go all out and get the cream one
as well because if you wearing black
trousers nobody able to see it
so I think they were like one pound
fifty maybe I'm guessing correctly it
was quite long time ago I bought these I
also bought this coral one because I
really liked the little tassels and I
really like the color and I don't have
about this color fact this would
probably look quite nice around the
middle of this now I was watching
Barbara's video the Persian babe if you
don't follow already on youtube you are
crazy she's absolutely gorgeous and I've
been like seriously loving her videos
recently and I absolutely love her style
because I think it's quite similar to
mine and everything she buys I
absolutely love and I feel like I need
it and when she showed this I literally
fell in love I was like I need to go to
HSN this bikini
I love it I love the color this is like
one of my favorite colors burnt orange
and I just want the Sun to come out now
so I can wear it and these are the
bottoms and they were 399 the top and
399 for the bottom and I absolutely love
hmm
for the fact that they let you mix and
match because I hate when you can't mix
much bikini nobody is a generic size 8
all over or a generic size 16 all over
everyone very slightly nobody's body
type is exactly the same but some people
might be a generic size 12 or a generic
size 8 but most people aren't so thank
you hmm
I got these like really baggy use tops
because I quite like this style at the
moment I've been like cutting up my
t-shirt so that they're really like
drapey and this one is like a very very
light mint green and that was $4.99 got
one in Navy this one's got a race back
again very drapey lovely $4.99 I just
caught my finger on that really spiky
sharp part that goes around the edge of
a carpet do you know the bit I mean like
the tacking bit I just caught my finger
on that Oh some of you may be wondering
what I wear underneath of really really
drapey tops is obviously they come
really low like really you couldn't just
get away with a bra or maybe on a night
out kid but from new look I bought these
which are like tiny little bando crop
tops I've worn this one so it's kind of
creased this is the black one and I
bought one in a bright blue because I
think this would look really nice
underneath white and I mean these are
only 399 and they're really stretchy and
nice and you can just wear them
underneath I just think they're quite
useful I quite like the fact that there
are a lot of different colored jeans
coming at moment I don't think I'm brave
enough to wear a bright blue or a bright
red or bright yellow pair of jeans but I
did like this orangey rust colored jeans
I have worn these and I
post a picture of me wearing these on
Twitter with another top I have and
everyone thought that I was just baring
my legs now I would have to have
seriously tanned legs if I was going to
grind these may be slightly tangoed legs
but yeah this color and every skinny and
tight and I like them they were from new
look as well also from new look I bought
these little shoes ease
they're like little granny loafers um I
bought them in in the black and I also
bought them in the brown but I don't
know where that I I've lost them
basically um yeah they look like they're
little gold thing at the front now when
I bought these these were the most
uncomfortable shoes I've ever worn in my
life this bit just wanted to basically
cut off my is it Keith heel tendon
Achilles tendon I don't know something
it just wanted to it wanted to kill my
feet and it was so painful and I was
like Juno I'm gonna have to give up
wearing these shoes I've worn them like
twice and they ruined the backs of my
feet and they really hurt and I sort of
carried on and I sort of persevered with
the pain and now they're really
comfortable so I don't send what that
was all about but yeah shoes also from
new look I bought this dress this is a
ready rusty color again and it's just a
really big baggy top half and then it
cinches in slightly waist where you can
also see where about and then it's quite
short there so I like that too from you
look now you will have to excuse the
fact that these aren't really creased
like I mean really creased with this is
the sort of fabric that drives me
absolutely mad when it comes to oiling
this is the sort of stuff that when all
my clothes go through the washing
machine and they all end up in the
ironing basket that it's stuff that
stays right at the bottom right until
the last minute stuff that my mum always
avoids wanting to iron and leaves in a
nice pile in my room and but these are
the shorts and I absolutely
right let me see if I can show you the
they've got little scalloped edges if
you can see and it's just a little bow
and they've got a little pocket with a
little button at the side I just like I
just really like a color it's kind of a
wintry color though I picked them up I
was like oh I love them and then I was
like why am i picking up rusts and
oranges and aubergine colors and that
was a really last winter but I don't
really care because I love them new look
I got which is part of the Idol and
range now I don't know if I want to keep
these because when I put them on I feel
like I kind of look like a child with a
full nappy and nobody wants to look like
that do they but they're so cute and I
just like can't work out anyway this is
what they look like they're navy blue
they've got a little bow little ribbon
through and then this look how Chris
they are I'm so sorry
and then this they're kind of a strange
length I suppose they'd come just above
your knee and they're like really low
crotch but I just pick them up because I
was like well they're slightly different
still got the tags on because I don't
know if I should keep them or not what
would you wear with this apart from
because I so baggy you couldn't wear a
baggy top it'd have to be tight top I
suppose but yeah a bum a bum saggy I
don't know I don't know trousers from
H&M these hareem's
I love them they're elasticated hurry me
tight at the end Oh tight at the end
really nice to wear with anything pretty
much
obviously not top with a clashing print
unless you were feeling exceptionally
brave but yes I think they were $12.99
had a bit of an obsession with maxi
trousers now I'd seen them in shops and
I thought I would never be able to get
away with those and then um if any of
you care familiar with em the only way
is ethics which I'm sure most of you are
I notice in one of the episodes all the
girls were wearing high-waisted maxi
trousers like really flared max trousers
and I was like actually they look really
nice on I don't know why I thought they
would look hideous and and then I sort
of thought oh maybe I'll face them and
see what they look like so what you
pears the ones that I bought which are
slightly more daring um I bought from
Primark
and they look like this um I did wear
these and some people like oh my gosh I
loved them and they move like a wearing
your pajama bottoms because obviously
they are really long and then really
flared at the end but um I mean I do
have a photo actually that I posted on
Twitter so maybe I'll try and like put
it somewhere
oh don't know how that I'll try I do
really like them I just wish that other
people have been more accepting of these
trousers and then four days where I'm
feeling a little bit more reserved I
bought a just a pair of plain black ones
because obviously they did look nice
with any kind of top um white anything
and I wore these with a red waist belt
and they're just the plain black ones
those ones are from new look
also from Primark
I bought this which I absolutely love it
looks so nice on is one of the things
that you look at on hang or anything
last but boring I don't know looks a bit
cheap bit boring but then when you try
it on you're like oh and it is this shop
suit and it's got this detailing on the
front it's quite low neck backs kind of
low as well goes in at the waist but
then it has maxi trouser leg which I
liked because I think with heels on a
night out you look so sophisticated and
so elegant from Urban Outfitters
I normally bypass the bypass that was
really Wiltshire formerly bypass the UM
like current stock because let's face it
Urban Outfitters is a steal its no
that's long term Urban Outfitters is not
a steal it's bloody expensive so I went
to sell section like little pauper that
I am and I found this little skater girl
dress in a dark red again now am i
buying all these really wintry colors oh
well um like that it's like pleated and
here and it has a really low back so yes
that's that one that was in the sale
from 38 pounds to 15 jewelry wise I've
bought these rings let me just pop them
on my finger for you all these rings
here
and these were from lily Melrose if you
follow her blog which is lly m/l are s I
think probably got that wrong um if you
look for her blog which I'm sure you all
do anyway because she's amazing she has
her own little shop and she sold a
handful of five rings for ten pounds
which i think is an absolute bargain and
I absolutely love all of them and I have
been wearing them religiously since I've
had them thanks Lily
I also bought this necklace off another
girls blog a blog shop but I can't
remember what it's called but I will
find the link and I'll put it below I
think this is part this has Persian babe
nests all over it let me know if you
think so Barbara um it's a triangle just
a little gold triangle and it's got the
blue gem in the middle and it just sits
here and I really like it and I um yeah
I like that and I got these bangles from
H&M I think they were 399 country-people
sleep I went into Topshop today and I
went to their makeup section because I
don't really often look at the makeup in
Topshop but I was recently sent a PR
package of some touch-ups makeup which I
will review on my blog at some point um
and some of the things in there like
surprised me and I was like wow I
actually kind of liked the quality and
the colors that they have so I decided
to go and have it for myself and ended
up purchasing some things so this is
where PR works people so bad send me
free stuff and I just go out and buy
more I got this color nail polish which
is gorgeous I think you'll agree it is
called
cyclone and it's a I guess a kind of
pearlescent gray I like it and then I
got this one
which is called Parma violet oh I really
hate palm violets great smell apart
violets pants down and pulling my worst
flavor sweet but color is delish and I
can't wait to bitter someone else I also
bought two lipstick I bought one in
Nevada and this one is a gorgeous nudie
Coralie pinky color doesn't really look
it in the camera but it's pretty I like
it and the other one which you're all
going to laugh me and be like show me
that's the same lipstick but you know
I'm like when it comes to nudes pretty
much all the same this one's called
desert and again this one's more orange
II actually might put it on my lips feel
a bit dry there
now
you may wonder why all they taste nice
you may wonder why I would want a
slightly more orange e nude because some
people would like to stay away from
orangie nudes but personally I really
like them one of the colors that PR
company sent me which is in my handbag
because I use it all the time was an
orange e nude and I've never had a
lipstick color that like that before and
it looked really nice with coral blush
and a bit of a tan on your face like bit
more when you look a bit more bronzed if
you're wearing like a really really pale
nude it kind of makes you look a bit
iffy so I wanted like a more orangey
lipstick because I just think it looks I
don't know I just like it look like yeah
those are my lipsticks oh and because I
bought two products in table top shop
makeup a pop pop pop of Topshop makeup
they gave me a little free bag of stuff
I like all sites a lot you're my friend
and in it um Topshop face white which as
sad as it may sound I'm actually kind of
excited to use I just have this thing
about face wipes good and um Topshop
liner which the lady did stressed to me
was one of their best sellers and well
sure it is but oh it's a pen one these
are my favorite kind of no I'm excited
and some hairgrip how exciting and now I
have a little Topshop makeup bag as well
to put my I never use fruit bags and
stuff for stuff and I think that's
everything
oh my gosh that is a lot of stuff okay
so that is everything I bought in the
last month or so now it may seem a lot
but it is a lot okay right well I'm off
now I'm gonna go
thanks for watching give it a thumbs up
if you liked it and then maybe just
maybe I'll do more videos more often
it's just a little bribe for you there
ya have a nice night and I shall see
seen hi
I hope this piece of hair hasn't annoyed
you throughout the whole video cuz it
just annoys me just in life there so I
was like oh hey just chillin just
chillin on the wrong side of your face
just chilling in your eye
okay so that is my massive haul of stuff
I bought over the last oh my gosh I move
my hands so much all time everything I
say I had to even move my hands I need
to keep my hands away from you trying to
see something really random really
random I have in my room on my makeup on
my makeup table just have some refried
beans
it's time
