hi so I'm finally doing the hair video
that everybody requested for me to do um
I know it's taking me a while and most
of you probably like I'm over already I
don't really want to know why you do
yeah but um yeah I mean my hair right
now is we're not very big advert for
this video it's kind of looking a bit
shabby but nevermind we'll look past
that and I will get on with the
questions I had quite a lot of questions
I've written them all down in my little
notebook here trying to be organized and
I haven't put them it in any sort of
order which are probably should've and
it's probably going to be kind of a bit
um what's the word all over the place
I'll do the best I can and I hope I've
answered all of your questions I have
two pages worth of them and anyway I
hope you find this video helpful and
yeah I'll get on with it basically I
would firstly like to say that I'm not
in any way a hair professional I don't
cut hair professionally I'm not a
stylist I've never trained I don't know
the hair rules we'll call them the hair
rules I want us to call them and so this
is just what works for me it might not
necessarily work for you if you've got
different hair type to me or yeah
basically this is what I use this is
what works for my hair type it might not
necessarily work for you but you ask the
questions so I'm going to ask them for
you
this is my natural hair color up here
I've not dyed that I in the summer I do
get some little blonde highlights in my
friends I don't know if you can really
see them no um which I quite like but I
don't know where that comes from it just
happens the ends of my hair I mean at
the moment I don't know if you can even
tell really because it's kind of all
gone is um bird now um bed is the
technique where it I mean it basically
is a technique of bleaching the ends of
your hair to sort of make it look a bit
like you once had really blonde hair and
it's all grown out and it's a bit sore
boho in a bit beachy and I did that
quite a while ago I do actually have a
blog post all about the
exact hair dye I used the technique I
used how long I use the dye on my head
left the dye on my hair for and the
result like the results of the ombre own
straightaway so I mean now is it not
really a good representation of ombre
hair because it's pretty much all gone
so if you want to have a look at that
and if you want to UM be your hair if
you want to try it yourself
um do go to my blog up at the blog post
below and you can go check that out and
I think someone asked if it damages your
hair yes it does damage your hair any
form of bleaching will damage your hair
especially if it's concentrated right on
the ends because that is where your hair
is the most damaged anyway I only left
the bleach on for probably 20 minutes
and it it was quite damaging I mean the
ends were like really noticeably quite
dry but um if you just use like
treatments on the ends if you try not to
brush it too much like to thicker ously
so obviously if you're brushing the end
of your hair it's all breaking off and
so I sort of use detanglers try as much
you can to make sure you're not breaking
it any more than it would naturally and
obviously because it's blonder you can
see all the split ends a little bit
easier than you would if it was dark so
that's one downfall of um bring your
hair because although you may think my
hair is in quite good condition is
really not in that great condition to be
honest I promise you guys the ends a
slightly frazzled hair history I haven't
ever really cut my hair back short I
think the shortest I've ever cut my hair
was probably here and that was when I
was about sixteen fifteen sixteen and
obviously when I was younger I had like
I had my hair probably like hair and a
bob with a blunt fringe and I looked
tragic it was awful
and I will never
ever and sport that test I'll ever again
my hair type is um well every anytime I
get my hair cut the hairdresser always
says you've got really fine hair but
lots of it and I didn't really think I
had a lot of hair but apparently that is
what I have fine hair but lots of it
yeah my natural hair state when it's wet
and I don't brush it and I don't
blow-dry it is probably quite similar to
this actually beachy messy to sort hair
that's the only way I can really
describe it when I was younger I had um
really tight ringlets so obviously as
I've grown out to grown older and my
hair's long the weight of my hair drying
probably pulls down on them so it's not
as tight a curl which I'm kind of like I
actually really do like how my hair is
naturally but I never leave my hair to
dry like just I never walk out the
shower and she leave it like I have to
brush it I have to blow-dry I can't just
leave it to dry it takes ages how long
have you been growing your hair um some
of you may be quite shocked to know I
don't really go to the hairdresser's I
actually cut my hair my step which I
don't recommend you all do as I said I
don't have any professional training in
haircutting I just know how to cut my
hair to how I like it like the amount of
times I've been to a hairdresser and
they've cut my hair and I've been like
ah Cheers that that is not why I asked
for like I asked you to take off the
ends and you've clearly given me a bob
um so I thought stuff this I'm gonna cut
it myself
and when I was about 15 I started
cutting my own hair cut my friends hair
cut my brothers hair cut my dad's hair
cut quite a lot of people's hair
unprofessionally sort of just in my
house but I don't know I think it's just
easier for me to cut my hair myself I
mean I cut the ends cut my friend you
cut all the layers around my face so
because of this because I don't often
take a trip down to the
dresses it means that I've kind of just
let my hair grow naturally in a trim
every now and then probably since I was
about 16 because also cut it to here and
when I did that I was like oh hey hey I
need my long hair back so just gradually
over time I mean that is like five years
so in five years I've managed to grow it
I mean it is quite long I guess it comes
to just just under my boobs and that's
when it kind of curly so when it's
straight it is quite long do I tie my
hair up at night yes I do if I don't tie
my hair up at night I either get
strangled get hair balls or wake up with
the scariest afro you have ever seen in
your life so yes I turn my hair up does
my hair run in my family
um my brother has light ahead of me he
used to be bright blonde and then he
dyed it blond and he kind of has it a
bit wrong mmm I guess I've got a mixture
of my dad mum's hair my dad's hair is
quite fine and my mum's hair is quite
thick so I'm sort of middle ground which
I appreciate cheers men how often do I
wash my hair just flicking a highlighter
around that's normal and a hair with you
um I wash my hair every two to three
days some of you may find this repulsive
but I find that the more often I wash my
hair the more ear it becomes because
obviously your scalp is producing more
oil because you're getting rid of it
basically and so I've now got into the
regime of washing every two three days
and it's absolutely fine like I could
probably go longer but I don't because I
like the feeling of clean hair but if
you ever have days where you think oh
I'm not too sure my hair is looking a
bit kind of a bit you know not not clean
enough not squeaky clean and you can
just literally spray in a bit of batiste
or oh my gosh or um
I like to put my hair up in a topknot on
top of my head because it still looks
like you've styled it no one's gonna
know young washed your hair this makes
me sound a bit of a tramp I promise you
my hair is fine
I honestly think a lot of you will
disagree with me if you over wash your
hair you wash your hair everyday it will
become more ye and to be honest washing
my hair is such a chore when you've got
really long hair and lots of it washing
blow drying and styling takes absolutely
ages and sometimes you just don't have
the time to do that and when you don't
need to there is no point so if you can
get out of the cycle of washing your
hair everyday if you're one of these
people then do it because it is actually
really beneficial for your hair and if
you're trying to grow your hair don't
wash it so much because the oils that
your hair produces how's it to grow so
if you've got reach your hair and you're
like why is my hair not growing and
you're washing every day that's probably
why how do you wash your hair um it's
pretty straightforward I'm either in the
shower or I tip my head over the bath
really classy and I just wash it my way
to shore home with this once this like
is there are different ways you can wash
your hair like is there different
technique because I don't know why just
chuck it in wash over rinse it off and
someone did once tell me that you are
supposed to take twice as long rinsing
out conditioner as you are to rinse out
shampoo so why do you do that and
sometimes I shampoo twice if I feel like
I've got a lot product buildup I will
shampoo twice and then I'll condition
sometimes the different shampoos if I'm
feeling a little bit crazy how long does
it take me to do my hair from washing to
styling depending on the different hair
style that I'm going to go for let's
just say the standard straighten kind of
big kind of just wispy around here
that's normally what I do I don't have a
name for it um it would normally take me
somewhere between 25 to 40 minutes which
is exactly why I try not to do I mean
imagine if I did that every single day
like how long would I spend on my hair
in a week it's just crazy
if it's just styling in the morning it
can let
take anywhere between five and ten like
I won't ever go anywhere beyond that how
do I star my friend my fringe um when I
blow-dry my fringe because I know it all
bangs as you called them in America I
know a lot of you're gonna ask how I do
it I look at this is gonna sound really
weird and again very classy
I comb all my hair forward like right
over even sort of back here and I'll
blow-dry downwards then I blow-dry
across the wrong way like the opposite
way that I want my fringe to go then I
blow-dry it back the right way and it
just sits and I hairspray the hell out
of my hair and then it just stays like
this sometimes if it behaves cutting my
fringe
oh poor should have had my scissors with
me but I don't um you get it this is
just exactly well let's pretend my hands
on scissors and you just snip across
sideways I know a lot of people sort of
take it up sip it down or you know bring
it all forward and snip up I just got
that sweep it across maybe next time I
need to trim my fringe on video it so
you can see but only if you actually
want me to because that would be stupid
if it didn't start to finish styling to
start with I will brush my hair and I
will use a tangle teezer
these things are amazing I love it I
only recently had this in my life but
when you if you've got long or very
tangled hair possibly even colored hair
because if you have colored hair you
don't want to damage it as much use one
of these because it makes it so much
easier like it I sometimes find it
unbearable brush um I think I've got
brush my hair because it just hurts so
much when especially when it's really
long so you use one of these brush
through because there's no point
brushing your hair if it's a matted mess
because let's face it you aren't really
going to get anything in it and then I
use a shampoo and conditioner I'll go
through my favourite ones in a bit I
then get out shower quickly towel down
my hair I don't want to do that too much
because I feel like that
probably damages it as well again with
the tangle teezer brush through and then
use a mousse oh the lid flew off and
then use a mousse always I always always
go using mousse if it won't come up to
me in the like oh I really want Paul you
might hair I just don't know how to get
it I'm like geez mousse so like no I'm
like well that's where you're going
wrong mousse is for volume that's what
it was volume and style basically that's
what it's created for if you put it in
your hair then blow-dry I'll tip my hair
forward comb it all forward blow-dry
with the mousse in oh and I put this on
the ends a bit of a tamer and deef
reserve just on the ends because I'll
perceive it in heat on your hair it's
not great using this kind of brush
paddle brush I will blow dry my hair
hair on blow drying it forward I don't
know how to blow-dry professionally I
really wish I did I'm so cack-handed
when it comes to blow-drying my hair
like it's like when you look at yourself
in the mirror and you get all confused
that's what happens when I blow-dry my
hair or when I try to use a barrel brush
and let me tell you this is the biggest
barrel brush you ever see in your life
look at the size of its massive this is
good for creating a lot of volume again
very difficult to use so she only got
such a tiny little head then after
you've blow-dried um obviously use a
heap chef's don't if you want alright
sometimes get this step come on bit
naughty and I always forget and
sometimes I feel like it weighs my hair
down and ruined it and then I put my
straightens on and I straighten and then
I finish it off with hairspray and I
thump up at the roots on hairspray from
going on a night out I will use rollers
for root boost and these ones are from
Sally's you can get them in packs I use
massive ones because obviously all of
hair if you have shorter hair obviously
gets smaller rollers or you will look a
little bit crazy or this is kind of
gross there's a lot of hair in this
there's gonna be a lot of hair
everywhere look or I will backcomb it
with this that is the whole routine
favorite styling products favorite
products in general my favorite shampoo
conditioners are actually ones you can
get and Superdrug I don't often splash
out on very expensive shampoo and
conditioner because I just feel like the
stuff I use is fine like occasionally I
will get some Bed Head and I quite like
the oatmeal and honey is it honey I have
no idea the what the TIGI catwalk one
the bluest purple one that's nice but my
favorite shampoos and conditioners I
always go back to the same - always
always always and these are both
available in Superdrug one is available
boots as well but first one is only
available soup drug and that is fact
hair I'm really sorry for those of you
in the u.s. that may not be able to get
this or you may I'm really not too sure
and this company don't have a massive
range and some of you may not have ever
come across this before but 100% vegan
says lightweight formula transforms
fight platforms transforms fine limp
hair into thicker fuller looking hair
and that is exactly what it does and
this shampoo and conditioner is amazing
doesn't really have a smell but for one
thing that really bugs me well this one
smells with funky actually and well it
does have a smell it's in person I smell
it's not overpowering which I don't
think your hair should be your hair
should never be an overpowering smell
you want to smell of your perfume not
shampoo but yeah this stuff is really
good if you want volume in your hair and
it's not too expensive I think it's like
6 pounds but normally they'll do like 2
for 6 or something that's when I buy
them anyway and my other favorite is the
James Brown scandalous haircare range
which is the big and beautiful
volumizing range so they've got the
shampoo and conditioner and you've also
got the mousse which nearly run out of
because it's so
good yeah this is available in boots and
Superdrug and it's again I think it's
around three pounds something each I
normally get to seven pounds rather than
I fell right I think it's like 380 or
390 something and then you can buy them
for like two seven and it works out
really good and I was recently sent this
one which i think is a new one and it's
the flossing conditioner and the
glossing shampoo and these ones are
really nice as well and I really like
the smell of these this range smiles
like a bit like Thierry Mugler's angel
perfume if any of you know that smells
like as my favorite mousse is if you
want to try the mousse which you've all
showed if your volume and please don't
put too much in please don't put too
much mousse in so many people message me
saying I've put mousse in my hair like
you told me to and my hair was sticky
and stiff and it was horrible worse like
well how much did you put in you're only
supposed to put a tiny bit in in fact I
will demonstrate how much Murphy need
okay hand mousse this is gonna probably
go wrong on my hair that's fine
this goes in your hands all three hair
all down the ends all through your hair
this is enough just a palm full a palm
glob now what do I do
if you've got less hair obviously you
will use less it takes a while but you
will find out how much you need to use
really and this is by Schwarzkopf and it
is shorts cough weather and it's the got
to be too sexy collagen lift effect big
volume use push up plump ultra hold for
big sexy style and it smells like
berries it's smells delicious and its
really good I like it a lot I think it's
on special offer on moment in super
truck and then the voluptuous boost
volumizing mousse by James Brown this
stuff is amazing I love it
I'm really Abbot so there's my two
favorite message if you want to try
mousse let me know if you do and leave a
comment and tell me how it went before I
blow dry my hair I always put this in
which is the s factor moving luster Iser
D frizz and tamer and I live by this
stuff and I have done for about four
years
so the strawberries and cream and it's
amazing it has tiny tiny tiny little
sparkly things in it and it's just
lovely and it makes my hair suits and if
you've got a style that you like and you
want to tame it and smooth it like maybe
if you've culled your hair I always use
this let head after party smells
absolutely amazing squirrel a little bit
in your hand again not too much don't
get too overzealous and you put it on
the ends and it smoothes it down works a
treat and for hairspray my absolute
favorite hairspray is this one by whisk
and it's called weightless plus extra
stronghold shaping and controlling
hairspray I have used almost every
single hairspray that there is going and
to be fair most of them probably made in
the same factory hamper in different
bottles but this is by far the best one
I have ever used
you can find it in Sally's and maybe
online I don't know I've never looked
and you can also buy a tiny little baby
one for your handbag because obviously
you aren't going to whip this out on a
night out and yeah let's have braver
being is that how do you create the
naturally wavy effect in my hair my hair
is quite naturally wavy anyway if I've
blow-dried my hair I will twist it wrap
it up in a bun towards the bottom of my
head and only overnight and in the
morning I wake up and it will look
something like this pretty easy or I use
this is called a spin Remington um I
think it's called spin curl Remington
spin curl dryer this looks kind of scary
it's quite a weird contraption you turn
it on it's like a hair dryer basically
put a section of your hair in that and
it spins it dry and this is the best
invention for beachy wavy hair ever so
if you want that effect get this and you
will achieve it also you can use a hair
straightener my hair straightener for
those of you that would like to know is
cloud9 and I don't know what the model
name it model oh no I don't know
cloud9 straighteners that straightens
I've ever used would highly recommend
them over at GHD any day you can take a
section of your hair oh maybe I'll just
do a tutorial on this another time
because this is going to take up a lot
of time but you can basically using
different techniques with the hair
straightener you can create different
weighty effects with your hair how do
you get your hair so big on voluminous
backcomb with this at the root spit
hairspray and using all of the
volumizing stuff that I have already
mentioned Oh
what's your favorite easy hairstyle my
favorite easy hairstyle is definitely
the bun on top of your head
and I would say that I would do a sort
of styling video show you how to do it
but I literally tip my head upside down
gather all my hair up put it into like a
messy bun go upright and see how it sort
of turned out pull it in a little bit
maybe tie it up a bit more pop a few
bobby pins in and that's it that's
literally it takes about a minute so I
mean I can show you if you really really
want me to but I'm telling you now it's
dead simple and anyone can do I promise
you but that's my favorite and quick
easy hairstyle and then you can always
sort of judge it up but if you like hair
ties hair bands something anything look
ribbon so easy do use heat on your hair
yes I do music I use my talents trainers
even Russians didn't call dryer I use my
head right I will show you um my hair
dryer just different case any of you are
interested this is the hair dryer that I
use it is called a diva professional
styling rapido three six zero zero Pro
and it's pink and that's why I bought it
it's alright I wouldn't strongly
recommend it and great usual those
better hair dryers on the market but it
dries my hair and that's all you kind of
need to do basically my favorite dry
shampoo is batiste my favorite haircare
brand maybe at the moment the James
Brown
The Dream's Brown scandalous range is
probably my favorite the mo but it
changes all the time I don't really have
one set favorite I like loads of
different ones I mean there's too many
to choose from I don't use curlers I
don't know how to use colors again I'm
Kat candid and I just can't do it and it
sort of reminds me of when I was younger
and you'd have this really really crappy
ones that you thought were amazing
they're like changeable ends and you'd
put them on and you two have to sit and
wait for half an hour for the little red
light to go Brown and then you'd sit
there with one strand of hair for half
our waiting for it to hear I just don't
have the patience for it I'd rather just
quickly whip it around my straighteners
and leave it I do kind of want one of
those those curling wands because I
think they look so much simpler like
without the QWERTY class-b bit yeah I
just can't use them don't know why just
can't use them how to grow your hair
long a lot of people ask that I think
don't wash it too much drink lots of
water protect it as much as you can
don't backcomb it too much back combing
is really bad for your hair I know this
I know people are going to say don't
back comb your hair it's really bad it
is really bad and if you're trying to
grow your hair I probably wouldn't
recommend it obviously I've grown my
hair to pretty much as long as it's
going to get so are combing all just hit
myself in the place that combing is okay
as long as you do it very rarely like a
night out in a week something yeah try
and refrain from doing this in too
damaging use heat protectant I think a
lot of the time when I was letting my
hair grow I left it and didn't strain it
too much and didn't blow dryer to
mattress or left in its natural state
which is probably the best idea and I
would recommend you use extensions maybe
because it makes you feel a bit more
confident and when you're wearing the
long hair already you kind of feel a
little bit more satisfied so when your
hair actually grows longer you're like
oh well I'm kind of used to it now that
hate thanks for growing hair now I don't
need my pincers anymore I do have if you
don't already follow my blog I do have a
lot of hair posts different hair styles
I've done different hair products I've
used some reviews of hair products I
review the straighteners and it's all on
my blog so if you haven't already then
you can go look at that if you want you
don't have to convulse you I'm not gonna
book you if you know but it's there if
you want it if you want to have a look
at different hairstyles or whatever you
know okay so I think that's pretty much
everything I've covered all the
questions but I had on piece of paper
but if there is anything else that you
think I haven't answered or if you've
got any other questions then leave them
in the comments and I'll try and reply
to you and I think I covered everything
if you've got any more questions and I'm
kind of stumped cuz I've talked about my
hair for a really long time I'm very
sure there is nothing else you can ask
me but if there is and just lead you in
the cosplay and I hope you have a nice
week and I shall see soon bye
