um hi apologies I haven't done a video
in so long I've had basically mailing me
like where have you gone I thought you
would like doing videos of the time I am
still here I just have been kind of busy
and for those of you that don't know it
was my birthday not too long ago so I
celebrated that which is no excuse but
anyway I'm gonna use it as one if any of
you actually interested in seeing what I
did for my birthday or any pictures or
anything I'll link my blog post below
and you can go check it out some of you
may noticed I'm in a different setting
today my brother is traveling so I
thought would still his room as he's got
a south-facing bedroom which means he
gets all the sunlight and I have a
north-facing bedroom which means I never
get any Sun in my room ever which read
oppresses me but can't do thing about it
it sucks because I am one of these
people whose moods is massively affected
by the weather which means the last few
days I've been in a glorious mood
because it's been so nice outside
another reason why I haven't really been
making any videos and I've been kind of
slacking on my blog is because the
weather's been really nice being stuck
inside seems like a bit of a stupid idea
but anyway I shall get on I am gonna do
my hair video I've written down all the
questions I just need to sit down with
the list of questions and have the
answers around me if that makes any
sense so I need to get the products I
need to have them and have everything
basically prepare myself pretty much for
the video in order to get it spot-on for
you guys and yeah so today's video is
going to be a video of things I've
purchased recently it's a collective
haul these this isn't just what I've
bought all today that wasn't very good
grammar this isn't everything
I've bought just today it's stuff I
bought over the last few weeks so I
shall start with the small things I had
super drug and now normally I find a
million and one things I want to buy um
but some reason I wasn't that wasn't oh
come on it there was an awful lot of
things I want I did get
this color by Barry M don't know if you
can see it it's called red black and
it's a very very very dark red and I
really really liked it so I got that and
I've never seen it before it's one one
five and then went over to gosh and I
noticed they had some new stuff one of
the things being cream blusher now if
you know me you may not you may not know
this I absolutely love peach peach
anything coral peach it just tends to
suit my skin tone more than pink so
obviously when I noticed they had one
called peachy rush I definitely wanted
it this is it as you can see I have used
it it looks a bit like dirty like parts
of my makeup brush have gone in there
which isn't so good we're just going to
swatch it for you so you get a better
idea of it but yeah it's really really
nice don't know if you can see that I
also got a shocking coral lipstick from
gosh I don't normally look at their
lipsticks I'm not like dono they just
haven't ever really captured my eye but
this one I thought looked quite nice and
it might be quite nice as a simmer it is
called shocking Coral
I think it's kind of coming out a bit
red but it's really not it's a dark
coral basically and I am just going to
throw this one out there it is an
extremely good dupe for the lipsticks
that I mentioned in my favorite
lipsticks video by Illamasqua I bet you
side by side they look nothing alike now
but anyway I know that a lot of you find
it a bit difficult to get hold of
illamasqua since you can only buy it at
Westfield it's not in a masker it's
Inglot sorry
that's them together so if you like the
look of that and you're not in Westfield
any time soon
grab shocking coral because it's pretty
much exactly the same even down to
consistency everything next I'm going to
show you I wedge Topshop Oh I'm like
cutting my head out screen
well it's chopped up recently and I
don't normally shop in chop shop because
I go to places like Primark and pretty
much just stick to there and when I do
go in chop shops very occasionally I get
a little bit like choke on the prices
and just like oh my gosh why is it so
expensive I went in there and I saw
there and I thought it was quite cute
it's a jumper
gosh I'm like right up against the wall
you still can we see it quite long a
peachy sort of orange color and I'm
still contemplating on whether or not to
keep this because as the sun's been out
it's been a bit like well I'm really
going to wear this one so I comes along
and that was quite expensive leasing 38
pounds but yeah I just really liked the
colour and I don't actually own anything
this color tonight yeah sorry
help me choose help me decide on that
one
new look I got these little pinstripe
shorts with a belt $19.99 allow those
but also got this top which is a food
tube and it has little tassels along the
top then if you can see that like
fringing which I thought was really cool
and I like it and it's just something a
little bit different that's only $6.99
so I also obviously got it in the burnt
orange II brownie color I also got not
I've worn this so it's kind of creased
and oh inside out apparently wow I
really look after my clothes don't I
Navy maxi dress Jersey material quite
heavy and the tops like that it's Empire
line so it comes in just under the bust
and the back is like that and quite like
that I can't remember how much this was
because I pulled out the tag sorry I
also got this which have worn as well
it's actually from the children's range
in New Look called generation but it's
basically a little denim very thin done
and it's probably overdone it's probably
just cotton and like sleeveless tie up
jacket type thing I just thought that
was quite cute and I've been wearing it
over the top of the maxi dresses so it
looks quite an I don't remember how much
that was either but it was in generation
so it was probably a lot cheaper I also
got this to wear on top of maxi dresses
because I always think they look a bit
boring sometimes if you just wear them
on their own
and it is a very baggy t-shirt which
does up in the corner and it's blue but
it's got like white cycle things on it
so I've been wearing that on top of maxi
dress as well I also bought a black maxi
dress which I'm actually wearing at the
moment it's just strut just normal
straps and oh let me see if I can show
you I'm wearing this t-shirt as well
which I got off eBay I've been looking
for this t-shirt for ages and somebody
Oh somebody on Twitter
very very kindly sent me a link to an
eBay listing and this was on it so I got
it and yeah I had it tied to the side
which I'm obviously I'm done I'm done
wearing a little belt my hips and
obviously the maxi dress so there you go
bit of an outfit of the day for you
they're kind of oh yes I went to hmm
today yeah and the first thing I got I
asked it you love the color of this and
I don't own anything this color which is
why I initially picked it up because I
was like oh nice something a little bit
different and I also like the style of
it I just don't know about the length
now you're not really going to be able
to see let's go move right back but it's
this dress quite thin but it's quite
heavy and then it comes down and you've
got like baggy pockety bits and then it
just literally just comes down like that
and the back I also like it slower than
the front slightly and that was $24.99 I
just think it will look really nice with
a little brown belt around the middle
and some flip-flops it's quite summery
color so I like that but I need to try
it on so keep your eyes peeled on my
blog and then maybe I can do a am outfit
of the day with it on I then picked this
up initially because I love the color of
it and again I don't own anything this
color some of you might be like through
disgusting I quite like it it's this
it's a very sort of baggy drapey top but
it was the back that made me buy it
basically it's so low I really like it I
just think it will look really nice
tapped into high-waisted short skirt
even just with the jeans and its own
it's not mega long but it's just there's
such a low back and then afterwards I
realized what kind of bra do you wear
with something like this maybe you just
have to be brave and go braless don't
know if I could do that and then lastly
it's just a plain black top again very
um sort of clingy and loose and I again
really just like the style of it really
drapey gappy basically the saw top you
would have to wear I don't know I mean
you would have to wear something
underneath it obviously but it just
looked nice over a bikini or I don't
know I like it like proper stringy top
wow my use of language is great so yeah
that is pretty much everything out I
always forget something don't I a new
look I also picked up a maxi skirt just
plain black because again I just think
it's nice to wear with tops tied to the
side it's summer and I kind of tend to
stick to maxi skirts rather than minis
purely because I hate my legs so
anything that keeps a bit of a cool
breeze going on between the between the
legs and I don't have to expose them is
good basically that is everything my
battery's going to run out on my camera
so thanks for watching guys I promise
you I will do the hair video and yeah
hope you enjoyed it bye my brother's
room is got so much crap in it
I think he made this when he was like
seven
