hi guys I'm doing a tag today as you can
see by the title I was tagged by the
ever so gorgeous and lovely Shirley I
will put her channel below I'm pretty
sure you will follow it anyway but if
you don't then go subscribe to her
because she is amazing and has the most
amazing vlog ever ok so the first part
of this video is going to be the about
me tag which is what shall I tagged me
in the second part is going to be the 13
personal questions tags I thought I
would just put the two together and um
at the end I will also be speaking to
you a little bit about my hair because
I've been getting a lot of questions to
do with my hair so I'm going to use this
video as kind of an opportunity for you
to leave me any questions that you want
about my hair and then I can answer them
in a separate video but for now we'll
leave that to the end I'll get more into
that okay two seconds Louise is really
bugging me on msn it's blood and beeping
every three seconds hang on
not now Louise I'm videoing um I do my
mu name is Elizabeth my favorite subject
in school was probably opt and textiles
so it's like I'm a very creative person
so I like arty things
my favorite drink is probably raspberry
Ribena my favorite song at the moment is
probably either Jessie J who you are or
Adele which one do I like to I like
don't you remember and set fire to the
rain which are both on her album they're
really really good
well I haven't really thought about what
I would call my children to be honest
it's not something that I think about on
a daily basis but I do find thinking of
boys names a lot lot easier thinking you
guys name no I don't participate in any
thoughts I should be fat I used to be a
little bookworm but can't really say any
book stands out to be one of my favorite
yellow because it's a happy color and
it's like the Sun sounds like the one
thing as primary school child would say
I like yellow because it's like a sign
my favorite animal is probably a guinea
pig which is quite random because of all
the exotic animals I could pick from I
chose a guinea pig I'm the favorite
perfume I've got quite a few favorite
perfumes I really really like one from
Mac it's got a blue lid a light blue lid
and I can't know what it's called and
it's called took what it and Gucci rush
to my favourite holiday was the Maldives
but it was amazing I absolutely loved it
and I think I would probably appreciate
it a bit more if I went now than I did
when I was 15 um yeah loved it yes I
have and I went to six form as well
I have been out of the country I'm not
really like really well-traveled and
really well cultured there are a lot of
different places that I would quite like
to visit but I've been to places like
Wales I've been to London that's now the
country someone needs to go back to high
school into Portugal
loads of times I've been to Greece or to
the Maldives I literally can't think
right now
I would love to say yes I speak loads of
different languages but unfortunately I
speak very well in English and if you
spoke to me a French I could probably
understand a third of what you said to
me I would not be able to participate in
conversation with you though I have one
sibling I have a brother
my favorite store have so many different
places that I like to go but I'm just
gonna be really boring and say I love
Primark such fast cheap easy fashion and
even if you wear it about five times
then get rid of it it's just really
affordable
probably Nando's or lads iguanas I'm
probably saying that really wrong and I
probably should put some sort of like
Mexican twist on it like let's see q1
there you go
school is all right I have so many
favorite youtubers Jun what I was
dreading this question I could write out
a list literally as long as my arm the
Shaytards completely non beauty or
fashion related I absolutely love the
Shaytards and I'm sure you all know who
they are I also love Louise obviously a
sprinkle of glitter
I love Shirley who tied me to this video
Sammy booty crush are there's so many I
literally can't think I can't think you
put my own spot
I don't really have a favorite movie I
have lots that I like but I'm not really
a film watching person if I've got like
a spare like two hours I think oh I'd
quite like to watch something I'll just
put the TV on um this is probably
standard as well but I absolutely love
friends I've probably seen every single
episode at least ten times think my
musics too loud I've turned the music
down don't complain and I also love
Celebrity Juice because I have a bit of
an obsession with Keith lemon just lovin
kind of wish he was my friend
I'm a PC girl because I've never had the
joy of owning a Mac or using one
actually I have an iphone 3gs white one
I am 5 foot 4 okay now I'm going to go
on to do the 13 personal questions and I
go to Starbucks I either get a hot
chocolate or a strawberries and cream as
weirdly I don't drink tea and I don't
drink coffee there's not really anything
in my closet that I wouldn't live
without because that would make me
really materialistic and a bit sad oh I
think if the house burnt down tomorrow
touchwood and there would be nothing in
my wardrobe that I would think oh my
gosh that was completely replaceable I'm
so heartbroken the one thing that people
probably don't know about me when I was
about 13 me and my friend who were
probably watching this there hi boss I
think it was when my dad first got a
camcorder it was like amazing like it
was like oh my gosh wow we need to use
this I used to buy the tapes and we just
used to film on that all the time just
us being stupid us like filming
blackbirds making our own music videos
we used to literally have the best time
ever making all these videos right we
actually made one called um girl on the
streets which was our little movie
that we made a based around a girl that
lived on the streets who then got found
and she went to live in random girl's
house and we literally cannot watch this
without cry laughing it's just hilarious
like and I've always said I will never
let any guy I'm with watch this because
he will instantly instantly run I mean
there will be a man-shaped hole in my
door because it's so embarrassing and
it's so ridiculous that he would
probably leave me so I've decided to
reserve this for when I'm married and it
will stay in my closet and it will
gather dust and tell him married and I
trust the man enough if he ever watched
this he would stay with me um I know
this is gonna be so cheesy and so
stereotypical but the one thing that I
really want to do before I die is have
my own little family like the Shaytards
okay a food that I can't live without
this is going to be kind of weird I
think a lot of you might be like a um
mashed potato is the one food that I
can't live without I could eat it with
every single meal I had lasagna alleys
it is mashed potato pasta alleys it's
mashed potato pizza alley do with mashed
potato chicken with mashed Toto ie on
its own I ate with ketchup I eat it with
baked beans I love it I couldn't live
without it
ah I don't really have a quote that I
live by I do always think you should
treat others how you would like to be
treated because I think a lot of the
time this people do not think about this
at all be happy
spread joy don't be a hater be a lover I
really dislike the fact that some people
can sit behind their computer and point
out your flaws or or sit there and say
oh my gosh do you let my do that my
typing my typing hands oh my gosh you
have um
such a strange shaped face you look like
a man I hate your music in the
background some people really use being
anonymous to an advantage and they feel
like they can just say whatever the hell
they like with absolutely no regards to
anyone's feelings at all what were like
oh I like the ever comes together and
the lovely people and all support and
all the lovely comments if you're having
a down day you log on and some even if
someone's just messaged me saying you
choose me up today with your video I
instantly feel like ten times happier
Ellie Goulding your song
I don't really have a style my style
changes all the time it's a bit
mismatched I just wear anything and the
thing that I feel looks all right I
think it fits nice nothing that kind of
goes together my favorite number is
eight and I decided this on my eighth
birthday because I must have been having
a really good time and it's just stuck
don't really have any hobbies which is
really bad because everyone should have
hobbies because it makes you kind of
interesting doesn't it I probably going
to go into such around on these this was
so easy to decide um my number one
massive massive massive pet peeve which
I've had for my life because my it's the
same as my dad's is jamming and if you
don't know what jamming is it's when I
mean people might have different words
for it by calling chummy is when you eat
and you can hear it if someone's sat
next to me in their eating and their
mouths really open I can see all the
food in their mouth and I can hear it
like the noise of someone eating oh my
god it makes my skin crawl and I just
want to punch them in the face and I'm
not an aggressive person for example let
me tell you a story it's just that that
minding my own business waiting for the
time to go really really bored I don't
even know what it's not as it sounds
like somebody had a tomato and they were
like crushing it in their hands oh I I
thought older would turn around and have
a look I turned around and there was a
man eating he had his hand like this he
was eating he had the longest tongue
I've ever seen in my life he was
completely fine by the way I'm not
mocking somebody who was like an invalid
he was completely normal but he was
eating like this eating like a jam cream
doughnut thing shoving it in his tongue
was long about all over the place it was
going everywhere and he knew this
because he had his hand here catching
all the little bits and the smell as
well oh my god it looked like he wasn't
even eating it he was he wasn't even
chewing it was just going in and Country
strictly foul again and he was like
licking off his hand I've never seen
anything so gross even talking about it
makes me sick my other pet peeve is
really really really slow drivers now I
don't mean people that go the speed
limit obviously I Drive at the speed
limit I'm not stupid
but when you're in a 50 and there's
someone in front of you going 20 miles
an hour oh my god I just want to run
their car and again I'm not an
aggressive person I'm quite safe driver
but I just can't stand it I also hate
when you're driving along and there's
someone really slow in front of you and
you're like this person obviously
doesn't know what they're doing or where
they're going this happens a lot
I live and the driver up there driving
really really really really slowly and
then all of a sudden they just pull in
and you're like oh my gosh indicate slow
down do something don't do that to me
don't pounce it on me I ain't prepared
guilty pleasures if you haven't already
been complete put off me by my mashed
potato yes and then you will be now
because my my guilty pleasure is
squeezing spots and it's not anybody's
don't get me wrong I could not walk up
to a random person and be like scuse me
excuse me madam you have a massive white
head please let me squeeze that I could
never do that that would make me sick
it's people that I know who I know
really well if you've got a spot I'll be
at your face kind of help it think I get
that from my mom because she's exactly
the same and she's always been like that
with me as well if I've got a spot which
I'll probably want to get rid of myself
cuz I love it she will be like oh oh
you've got a em you've got a spot just
let me and just just I don't like no get
off me
what you're doing woman might also
another guilty pleasure of mine is I
slowly
oh no that's very phallic mmm and now I
have an ice lolly fabulous I'll pop it
down I'll pop it down for a minute
okay now on to my hair it became very
apparent that a lot of you are asking a
million and one questions about my hair
I have no idea it's just plain boring um
hair but obviously a lot of you want to
know a lot about it so I figured I would
do a video all about my hair that makes
me seem so vain and it is it just sounds
really bad leave your hair questions
below and I hope you enjoyed the video I
tagged anyone else that wants to do the
questions and you can leave them as a
video response because I would love to
see them and uh yeah I hope you're
having a nice evening a nice weekend and
we'll see you soon
