hi everyone it's me again the crazy
Primark freak that goes to Primark all
the time is Primark obsessed yes I have
another haul for you which is a bit
naughty slap on the ring so I know I do
these a lot and it may seem like I'm
really Primark obsessed but I do shop at
other places and prime up do it pay me
to do these videos just in case you're
wondering so um yeah I'll get started on
what I got I'm a big bag first thing I
got was this bag which i think is
adorable it's just a little I don't know
what kind of bag this is I guess left a
little satchel it just opens up a little
pocket and it's got pockets inside nice
bit of paper that you can take out they
had loads of these they had something
read some in just plain brown but for
some reason they all look a bit tatty
you have to really search to find a nice
one
but yeah that was seven pounds so just
got some plain black little shoes
because I needed some and they were four
pounds and I got this little makeup bag
it's just got a little lady's head so on
this was one pound 15 I got this flower
headband all about the flower headbands
this summer one pound fifty again we've
got these feather earrings that I really
really wanted some feather ones and
obvious I've got four arm hair a camera
or I could wear black on brown feathers
but you can't really see them in my hair
so I thought I'd stick with I can like
pink and quite like them they're quite
nice they were two pounds and covered me
where I got this neck like massive
chunky rope necklace I'm not sure what
I'm gonna wear this with I might work
with the maxi dress that I got as well
in the summer because
thing I might look quite nice just got
gold bits of it and that was for pound
some pantaloons I can't believe I just
showed you my pad this ring which is
like a leaf like a twisted leaf looks
like that which I quite like that was
only 2 pounds these earrings
floral ones 1 pound 50 I'm not really
much a fan of disc earrings I don't
think they suit me because I've got such
a round face so I think this could be
too much round I got this bag of tassels
and I think it's well I think it's a
long sort of what's that called strap
that's it a long strapping it's a long
strap and it just does up like this
little thing it's all elastic ators and
I just thought that would look really
nice with like to know if you go if
you're going out somewhere nice you just
need a little bag feeling a bit
different I liked it liked it I do like
it I like it now as well six pounds
because all on the accessories front now
for the clothing I got this white shirt
because you can never have enough of
these see if I can move back just does
that has three quarter length sort of
drapey sleeves it's quite see-through so
you have to wear something underneath it
that was ten pounds I feel a bit like
the shirts are a tiny bit expensive like
this materials not exactly great it
feels quite cheap but it's nice I like
it it'll look nice tucked in shorts I
think and then got some plain black
skinny cuz I've got the light blue ones
last time and I decided I really really
liked them so I went back and I got some
black ones they were eight pounds like
the others this memory card is full
because my
just decided to film a buzzard in my
garden so I have like a minutes worth of
footage of a bird up close I got this
top I like it it's got just like the
beach
and it has some people on it some people
on the beach I wonder if they know
they're famous on Tisha if not I guess
they could sue and I got this dress hang
on how can I show this I don't really
know how I can show you this but this is
like crochet and lace on the top is
quite high neck and then it's round the
waist it kind of goes a bit gathered and
then it's like loads of like it's got
like an underskirt so it's a bit it's
very Little House on the Prairie I
thought and I did take a picture of it
in the Primark changing room and I
tweeted a picture of it so if you want
to follow my Twitter I'll put a link
below and you can look at me wearing it
if you want to get an idea of what it
looks like but yeah love that and that
was 15 pounds I got this
how much time do I have because it's
above me I got this which is a place to
when I saw her I was a bit like ah it
looks a bit naff and I was like oh god
like should I try it on
my look my so on I don't know looks bit
cheap looks a bit sort of patter than
these tenders I tried on I loved it it
does it all the buttons are undone
because obviously I tried it on but it's
playsuit and it's like that at the top
and all the buttons do write up so quick
dose just right up to the neck and then
you've obviously got the little black
shorts on the bottom and it's so cute it
looks really nice on that was only 13
pounds then I think one of my favorite
finds even though you wouldn't see it
and I think oh this looks nice I'm going
to definitely try that on but I really
wanted to get a maxi dress because I
find my stress is really difficult as
I'm quite petite but I'm not exactly
and they go short so I find getting a
maxi dress that fits me nicely
everywhere but also is long enough
impossible so I found this one obviously
it's long it's black but it's just a
really nice shape don't know if you can
see goes down it's quite um well
revealing it goes down into a quite a
low V but I think it's just quite
flattering and it looks really nice on
and that was only eleven pounds yeah
it's nice
oh I get comment wear it with little
fitful and it's long enough so hey
well that was everything clothing wise
and um if you find my blog you will know
that one of my most recent blog posts
was that I couldn't sleep properly and I
was getting neck pain here which then
caused me to be a bit like high like
stiff net like I looked a bit was
strange like hello hmm so I don't really
know why did I don't really know how I'm
sleeping on it funny but um quite a lot
of people will I get a memory foam hello
is that looking with memory foam that's
the one get a memory foam hello they're
amazing they're really good it'll help
you with your neck I think the problem
is I sleep with so many pillows and
they're really upright so when I sleep
I'm like really upright and then my
spines really I don't know I sleep weird
so in Primark I noticed this and then we
foam pillow obviously not your usual
item in a Primark haul but I figured
since it was in there
and I needed one I would pick up and it
was only ten pounds which I didn't think
was too bad I just think they were going
to be a bit more expensive and so I
literally cannot wait to sleep on this
and see if it stops me looking a bit
stiff when I was at the tail as I was
queueing I don't know if any of you will
remember possibly nineties kids lip
smackers um basically they just I think
they saw them in Boots I think they had
their own like little stand I'm not too
sure
when I was at the till they had dr.
pepper flavor sprite flavor Fanta flavor
coca-cola cherry flick okay Coco Coco
Coco Coco coco
coca-cola vanilla flavor and cuckoo
vanilla was my absolute favorite but
they stopped making it in the UK so
obviously I bought this I think it's one
pound fifty and it tastes amazing and it
smells amazing it literally smells just
like it and I'm really moisturizing as
well so maybe you should buy one yeah
anyway since I told you I don't just
show up climb up even though it may seem
like I do I did go to H&M the other day
and I picked up a few little bits and
pieces since I have tiny little wrists
and tiny little fingers but nothing has
a bit and I always notice that in H&M
they do bangles and bracelets and rings
in sizes so you've got small extra small
medium to large large to extra large I
think I think that's how it goes don't
quote me so I can get bangles actually
fit my little my little wrists so I pick
these ones that just silver tarnish
coming after that those are $5.99 for
three which i thought was quite good and
then I picked this one up as well
because I liked the little black with a
black in it with it so I got these ones
as well and they were $5.99 and it has a
little like a little bird's head
kind of creepy but I like it and then I
picked up some rings silver rings in
extra just these ones let me put them on
the top of my finger for you there's one
two three four five six different rings
and for all that it's stuck they were
only $2.99 so that's quite a bargain and
I also went to London on Thursday I'm
paranoid of might have a lipstick on my
teeth like this whole video yeah I'll
stop that now went alundra Thursday
because I went to get my teeth whitened
more on that later and while I was in
comic Garden I went into the left that
they have there where the staff must get
high on the fumes in that shop because
they are literally bouncing off the
walls when you go and they you're like
Jesus I think when I walked in there was
a man singing at the top of his voice
singing at me hello in an operatic way
and I was a bit like to turn around and
walk out or do I just kind of I'm a bit
shy when I'm in shock I don't like
people pouncing on me very much
socially not when they're like mega loud
and in-your-face it gets just a bit
intimidating when you're on your own and
you're just browsing and you're just
trying to waste time but yeah this one
of the guys in there was really nice and
he was doing all these treatments to my
hand and pampering me basically and then
you know because they do that you always
end up buying something so I did buy
glorious mud which says it's it has aloe
vera cool and calm and sesame oil to
suit and soften I think what you do with
it is you break it all up you wet your
skin and you just rub it all over your
skin kind of like a body mask and then
you just wash it all off and it's nice
to be really good you dig out my hand
and it was really really soft so I was
like okay alright alright it's not too
expensive
it was about three pounds I feel check
three pound 95 just realize it and show
you what I look like so let me show you
this looks like a lump of mud or kind of
like a lump of sand next thing I walked
in their world because of Louise singing
praises about this you basically said it
put her into a coma so I thought I would
get it and see how magical it was let's
see I can't pronounce this carried winds
cauldron I think that's how use it or
whatever so it's 399 which is a little
bit pricey for one bath because you
can't break this up so I did buy some
some new look men's section
yes that is everything that I bought
hope you enjoyed it and I'll get another
video up soon
thanks for watching Oh shh shh shh
pardon I'm not sure we should leave
missing I'm looking at you like you're a
bit mental as well yeah okay oh my
Arwa number I'm doing a video
