hi everyone it's me again I'm totally on
a roll making these videos obviously as
you can tell I was wondering what makeup
type videos start with and my good Chum
Louise who is formerly known as a
sprinkle of glitter here on YouTube
who's amazing and I will link her in the
description box and you all have to go
and subscribe to her I could sit and
watch her videos all day she could
literally do a video about paper clips
and I would find it hilarious she's just
amazing so everyone go for her you won't
regret it I promise you
anyway she came up with the idea of me
doing like my 10 favorite whatever so
I've decided to do lipsticks I
absolutely love lipstick I think it can
completely change your parents like
depending on what you're doing either
going out or wandering around the
streets shoppings
I think it's an amazing beauty product
and everyone should have at least one
lipstick and if you're not massive
lipsticks and hopefully there will be
something in here which you like um yes
so I'll get started on my favorite ones
I thought was going to find this really
hard but I actually found it really easy
I've got quite a few lipsticks I
wouldn't say I have a massive massive
collection but I have probably more than
average person and I thought would find
it really hard picking my favorite ones
but apparently not oh gosh I'm a little
chesty tuck those away so another um yes
I found it really easy taking my
favorite ones which is good and I also
came to conclusion I've lost one of my
favorite lipsticks which I'm really sad
about it was an indoor one it was like a
thin so slim one and I've lost it I
don't think I'll find it because I've
gone through my old hand mags and it's
not in any of them so r.i.p in blood
lipstick start with I shall do this one
which is creme de nude by Mac it's
basically
and classic hand very well-loved I think
you'll agree I'm kind of a bit sad that
it's running out this is like my
ultimate nude it's a it's a cream Sheen
lipstick which means is like ultra
moisturizing ultra shiny looks really
nice on I wouldn't recommend it for
somebody with darker skin tone though I
think it would just make you look a
little bit washed out and kind of
half-dead because I think you need a
kind of Paola SH complexion to be able
to pull that one off but it is gorgeous
and I love it and it's my favorite nude
without a doubt so you're not into
massively bright scary lipstick what's a
good one to look into next is a new
addition to my collection which is shy
girl I should probably put my hand up so
you won't see my ugly face behind I
would describe this one
I'm with the finish is another cream
machine I think it's my favorite finish
out of the MAC lipsticks because I get
really dry lips all the time so for me a
cream tune is better and it doesn't make
my lips look as dry and I don't feel
like I need to apply so much like
Carmack's or whatever beforehand and
this one is kind of similar to I don't
know I would say it's a nice cross
between it's very similar to hue in a
way this one's hue and that one's shy
girl I just think you if I could
describe it I would say shy girl is like
a stronger version of hue but here is
the plated version of shy girl with a
tiny bit of creme de nude in there that
makes any sense kind of like that
that doesn't make sense um this one is
the este order signature I think it's
called a signature lipstick these are
like the posh ones and the color is pink
sand these estee lauder lipsticks remind
me a little bit of something that my nan
would have possibly but they are pretty
they're a little bit more expensive
which I don't know if it's justified I
just realized I haven't really been
watching anything for you so that's kind
of bad of me um I think I really like
the smell of these lipsticks they're not
like Max which smell like vanilla
these smell a bit medicine II don't know
kind of like alcohol yeah I love that
color let me just show you don't know if
you can see it but it's really pretty
pink it's kind of like hue but maybe a
tiny bit more pinkier so that's that's
fair with my favorites like that off
this lipstick is a YSL rouge Villa or
veloute or whatever however you want to
pronounce it this one's in shape too
it does have a name I think but they
don't print the actual name on the
bottom just to blimey that is really
small
um yeah by far the nicest packaging also
the most expensive at all of them so
that's saying something isn't it you're
obviously paying for the packaging and
the finish of these let me just show you
the color
I love the color of this lipstick it is
gold dresses a really nice nude is
really moist rising however because it's
so moisturizing you tend to find that
you put color on and it goes down really
quick because it's so soft and and then
I don't know you just I try not use it
too much because I love it but it just
disappears like too quick not good next
one is going to cost a sheik by Mac and
this one is Frost
love this one this one's really good for
summer it's a really nice pinky coral
like palolem no too much too much um
really nice pinky coral it's quite a
bright coral it's got quite a lot orange
in it I love it love next one is which
ones do next
this one can it's kind of similar this
is my Inglot lipstick that I briefly
mentioned in my what's my bag video
probably one of my all-time favorites
this is more of a look how pigmented
they are honestly they're so much
cheaper well so much cheaper than much
cheaper than Mac's lipstick and their
quality is just as good I'm tend to put
this on
and cheap free pigmented remoisturize
doing definitely look into those if you
want to get some like brighter lipstick
they're fabulous next one is this one
which is a Revlon one sadly this is like
the only drugstore lipstick that I've
picked out which I love
this one's called cherries in the snow
and it's a it's basically a red but it's
got a slight pinky undertone to it which
makes it not quite red it sort of like
it's got like a berry undertone I
suppose um but this one's amazing I'll
swatch this planter again really
moisturizing really pigmented it's the
second one down I love it love it love
it it's just a little bit different you
know if you don't really want to go for
a bright red but you still want to have
something that's quite dramatic then
it's a really nice one to look into and
this these are the Super Lustrous
lipsticks I definitely need to look into
these because they're really really
moisturizing they're really nice the
last one is an Illamasqua lipstick
Illamasqua if you don't know do some
amazing amazing lipsticks
sorry I'll show you at first shall I um
this is it it's literally just a true
dark red it came up just before
Valentine's Day I actually got sent this
this one to try out and I absolutely
loved it
um they did not pay me to say that I'll
just let you know and I've always always
really wanted a really true red for ages
and this is about as true as it gets to
be honest it's it's matte so it gives
you oh my phone just went and it made me
jump that gives you the option of
wanting to wear it you know alone or if
you want to put gloss on top
up sat.1 they're coming out slightly
lighter because the light is kind of
bleaching out but it's that one and I
love it it's gorgeous it looks really
nice with a clear gloss on top so yeah
those were all my favorite lipsticks I'm
sorry it seemed a bit rushed and a bit
brief and I've probably done it already
wrong but I love them and if there's
anything in there that you think yes I
could try that out
I would always always always advise you
not to be scared of bright lips like for
ages I was really scared to wear bright
lipsticks
but you'll never know if it suits you or
not unless you try it I think a lot of
people just lack confidence when it
comes to wearing something really bright
light I think oh no I can't wear a red
lip when I go out shopping people will
stare at me but they're probably just
staring at you because you look bloody
gorgeous but yeah be a bit more brave
you can always turn them down with lip
glosses or lip balms like you don't have
to wear them so bright but yeah um
anyway I hope you liked this video leave
any requests or for any other videos in
the comments from finding it difficult
trying to think of what to do and I want
to try to keep everyone happy so yes let
me know what you want to see and I'll
try and get this sorted for you and keep
you having a nice weekend and our
teasing sorry with a really weird mood
looks pretty
jenos signature re signature is not even
a word
