hello again it's me I know I'm aware I'm
wearing the exactly the same I'm in
exactly the same stuff as I wore in the
previous video but that is because it is
the century same day and I just thought
since I was making a video since I had
time to make video I thought God yeah my
husband mess um since I had a bit of
time I thought I could show you a few
things I picked out in Primark and
recently and I go to a really big
Primark it's the one ambrus student if
any of you are aware of it or if you
live near it but I find that it's the
the best one to visit basically I know
that London's meant to be amazing but
I've been in the London Oxford Street
one and I just find it a nightmare quite
frankly I go in there and I just want to
get straight out like there's no time to
live anything it's horrible the Bristol
one is actually larger anyway and
there's more stock so if you can I would
suggest that you go to the Bristol one
if you live near it or if not then
you'll just have to make do with the
nightmare Primark store and also Street
or any other crappy high marks that are
near you I'll start off with this
necklace which I did have on and I took
it off so that I could show you in this
video it is I don't know if you're going
to be able to see just a little cameo
necklace opens up I think it was
literally one pound fifty so that's my
bargain
I got these boots which my mum spotted
and I was like all that quite nice I've
already got some that are very similar
to this but um just plain brown leather
they reminded me a little bit of the
desert boots in All Saints so I picked
them up and they didn't have a price on
them they were just plunked in the sales
section and it turns out there were five
pounds and I mean for a pair of boots
which actually have real leather and
they're made of suede not too bad for
five pounds so those
the next pair of shoes that I got were
these boots I've seen a fair few shops
doing these namely this I think there's
some river island ones which are
actually probably a much nicer they've
got the fur in but I just thought they
were in the sale they were eight pounds
so they'll quite bargain so I got those
um these I'd seen in is actually a prime
up that's probably slightly closer to me
but it's rubbish I refuse to shop there
if I can like I always try and go to the
bigger one these which I seen in the
smaller Primark but they literally had
one pair I think they were like
something stupid like a size eight or
something and that's not stupid if
you've got size eight feet go for it I'm
just a midget and if I I just find
larger shoe sizes are very large I'm a
size three so you'll call me weird for
having small fee I'm sure I really like
these but I'm finding it difficult to
know what to wear them with I guess
anything but yeah these were 14 pounds
just a little bruise I really like the
inside as well
don't know if you can see it's like
floral inside yeah I really like those
they're quite nice but yeah help me out
with my wear them with um felt I got
this one which has got lace on it and
that's quite cute that is two pounds I
just got a plain one as well because
it's just easy to throw on over various
outfits and stuff this one was also 2
pounds but she didn't catch on oh this
one says it was a pound this was a pound
the other one was 2 pounds but she never
scanned in the other belt so essentially
I got it for free I got this little body
thing which took me a while to realize
but it's actually got it looks like
horses that have got wings on them and I
picked it up because I found a size 6
and
I am a size six and when I find a size
six in Primark it's kind of rare so I
will grab anything that says six
basically and that's quite nice I quite
like that
that was five pounds which I thought was
possibly a tiny bit much just for a
plain Audis thing I then picked up I
don't usually look at the jeans in
Primark mainly because Oh pulling the
hair out mainly because they're sizing
was always ridiculous I used to be an
eight and then couldn't fit into eight
because they decided to make that
slightly bigger
all the sizing was really confusing um
but then they brought in like extra
skinny skinny I don't know what they're
called they're like super skinny jeans
yeah super skinny jeans and I found some
in a size six and I really like the
really bleached out denim at the moment
so I got a pair of these and they're
actually very comfortable very nice and
they were only eight pounds so it's kind
of a bargain and I have a bit of a
hang-up with jeans I think if jeans are
too thick I refused to wear them like
normally I just don't wear jeans at all
in fact I hate jeans but these are
really thin material and they're quite
stretchy so it feels more like thick
jeggings than jeans
um I've then got have actually worn this
already but I've got this dress it's
just like a little skater dress and it
has little soldiers on it how cute is
that literally I saw it and I was like I
don't even care I was folded up and I
was like I don't even care what that is
it's got soldiers on it it looks really
cute I'm buying it anyway size six
really cute love it and it was six
pounds back I got this it's going to be
difficult to show you actually because
it's really long but it's um like a
really silky material
that in these hangars are amazing by the
way these are hangers are also from
Primark they've got let's lock on them
so they grip really well and this is
like a silky sort of floaty top and then
on the bottom it's just like a skirt and
then it has a belt that goes around the
middle the length is quite funny um it
comes to about halfway down your shin I
guess but it I love it
basically I don't care I'm going to work
with flip-flops which is anything I love
it and it was 15 pounds and they've also
got one which is black up here and phase
down here so I like what I got this
which is also a dress this one is
shorter um and it's just a little black
I think it buttons up to the top gold
buttons little pockets I love it this
was I think this was also 15 pounds yeah
this was 15 pounds and I apologize now
for the state of the shirts they were in
the Primark bag and then I hung them
straight up so they're creased as
anything but I'm going to iron them so
it's alright I got this shirt which was
10 pounds and when all these shirts came
in I must have missed them all they
literally flew off the shelves because
when I went in there there was a tiny
little section at stared like shoved
away in a corner where all the shirts
were and there was no sizes under 16 so
all the sizes were bigger however I
tried them all on and they still looked
fine so I think I think shirts look
better when they're slightly oversized
and baggy anyway and I'm just planning
to wear these with a belt so I got this
one which is
quite sweet it has look buttons together
nice I like the color of it I haven't
worn that one yet
that's ten pounds if I didn't already
say I saw a lot of people wearing these
and I loved it and it was the only thing
I really wanted to find when I went to
Primark unfortunately they didn't have
it in my size
but I found one in a 12 and to be honest
it looks fine like I'm just going to
wear about what wear it tucked into
something and it still fits fine I don't
know why I mean I think it's because the
shoulders
there is no prompt there are no
prominent shoulders so it's literally
just a tiny little bit after the collar
and then it just hangs so I got that
that was 10 pounds and lastly I got this
pink shirt which again is an 18 but it
fits fine I'm going to wear baggy just
about round the middle and it's got
these little pockets and little vintagey
looking buttons and I love it and I
can't wait to wear it and that was also
10 pounds yeah
so I hope you enjoyed that those are
just a few things I picked up from
Primark I'm always going to Primark so
if you enjoy watching these then let me
know and maybe I can do some more for
you
alright I learn is like smudge not
attractive oh never facepalm when you're
wearing chunky rings oh no do that my
nail polish
