but hello everybody it's me I'm back
because I was bored you may know me as
so Ella on my blog I did make youtube
videos before but I stopped because I
thought I sounded and looked like an
idiot but after much persuasion from a
few people namely Louise you know who
you are I decided that I would make a
video and I thought quite a long time
what how can I make a video about and
then I thought why not do a what's in my
bags because everyone's done one and I
literally have no idea what's in my bag
it could be quite embarrassing
it could be making me seem like the
messiest scruffier person ever but I'll
show you anyway
I also have a special guest today is
some of you may remember from my blogs
which I made private because they
embarrassed me and so will also show you
what's in her bag afterwards as well so
first off this is my bag
no it's not real my brother is currently
traveling the world he's been gone for
about a month and his first destination
was Thailand where I asked him to pick
me up a copy of a mulberry Alexa and
considering he had no idea what it was I
think he did a pretty damn good job I
absolutely loved it thank you Joe it's
amazing I'm not supposed to be using it
it's supposed to be for a 21st birthday
present but I literally just can't help
myself
if you want to follow my brothers travel
blog I'll leave a little link in the
downbar he would probably really like it
if you went to check it out you like
travel on that right oh gosh
my mic is so full of crap I'll start
with my phone that's in there going born
a makeup I I don't usually take this big
one with me in my handbag sorry I've got
a mirror behind me so I'm like checking
that I'm actually in shock but don't
normally take this big one but yesterday
I went to work with half a makeup done
so I chucked some in there usually just
got this little one but I'll go through
what's in it
quickly I've got a Calvin Klein face
powder which is actually amazing
meaning me some being highlighter also
love that nas eyeshadows these ones and
Maybelline Kol Express black eyeliner
which I hate it's horrible don't buy it
a Mac 239 brush which is really dirty a
Dior eyebrow pencil um two faced shadow
insurance ICO graffiti learn it in brown
which I've been wearing every single day
because I've been going for a brown vibe
all raised pissed in number one also
have a super liner and carbon gloss
don't know I've got that in there I
don't need that one really and also max
smolder eye liner which is also rubbish
I wouldn't recommend it lovely black
color but it smudges like biatch so
maybe on a night out if you can be
bothered to set it or ever but apart
from that it's rubbish
oh gosh touch-up concealer and the hair
bubble and one of the little Mac brushes
seem to be in there from one of the
palettes so that's that my makeup bag Oh
a check some post office receipts um I
bought this two the other day because I
thought it was really cute this is the
receipt it cost me 60 pence and it was
from Paper Chase I don't even know I'm
going to give this to but I really liked
it and I thought it was really cute
little love peanut you can give it to me
I have oh god this is horrible I promise
this hasn't been in my bag for very long
I have a test goes finest Oh Jim white
chocolate and raspberry cookie I don't
know where this one left but I probably
did eat the rest because I'm a fight
hmm I have
my purse I think this was from June my
mom got it for me for Christmas she
liked it because it looked like it had
Zed's on it she's easily amused like me
umbrella which is my mum's but it's
small so I stole it a tiny little toe
neonguy hairspray which is nearly run
out one chewing gum Essie nail polish in
mint candy apple even though I don't
even have this on my nails at the moment
some notes don't know what they are
always make note love hearts these what
Oh to send me for Valentine's Day
bourgeois lip gloss camera a new look
headband that goes on like slapped and
my sunglasses these are massive hmm
label from new look if anyone's
interested headphones oh my god
a Tesco receipt for a five pack of
toffee cookies and a dr. pepper told you
I'm afraid
my current perfume of choice which is
Armani l or she or whatever it's called
fever
Oh like a plastic thing I don't know
what that is oh I'm dropping it
everywhere Inglot lipstick which is one
of my favorite coral colors ever let me
just show you I love it it is gorgeous I
thought I'd lost this I'm kind of
pleased I found it and it's in number
two three one if anyone's interested
yeah lots of train tickets my oyster
card my 16 to 25 rail card with with a
Posie photo of me on it
posing and then my bank card which I
will briefly show you just because I
don't want you stealing all my money I
have a MAC lipstick in shy girl as well
that's a nice lipstick and literally
think that is everything out of my bag
oh my gosh how happy I really should
sort my bag out to be honest head of a
mess now going to do Becca's handbag so
go for it babe right my handbag is this
one it's black and lab and it's from
house the phrase and I think it's linear
linear and I partly linear quite cheap
nothing special so first thing is my
iPhone
shada my other love a Gibson cover which
I got for Christmas an extant yeah they
are but the old army third twenty five
huh talk to you I'm not too bad and my
next is my purse which is from Urban
Outfitters another Christmas present or
like that and it opens this way put on
the notes and receipts and then it opens
you can buy Wilkinson's no concerns did
you say well no co-op giant buttons oh
wait I can i lives for dad
that's what if you probably from
different supermarkets all things
breathe giant button Oh co-op try it
buttons nope one more one drumstick and
mini egg we're all fire on there
honestly I'm pull out something oh yeah
Pizza Hut voucher where'd you get them
from I want one oh good piece of I do
they give them to you when you win yeah
two-for-one or main meals yeah it's
pretty good actually are you going with
my back country wide stores Jules
Ted muffler cuz I remember I've started
this I started running and my ears get
course it's like a big headband thing it
just covers your ears when you run just
up all the cold air it's something fresh
one fuel one coke cooler one Fanta one
minstrels harrybo star mix hybrid tank
last six cashew nuts so every time you
go to buy petrol you end up yeah
basically a feast
yep my keys my little teddy bear saying
Rebecca on it and and my blood donor
keyring which tells me my blood type O+
and bled before yes let me give it to
you so that if I die on the foot floor
though know why but I'm so happy that I
ever saved me in the middle pop kit I've
got my makeup bag cheers from Catholic
kid soon I'll show you I put inside I've
got my ex lip gloss in
sweetheart another one in French kiss
these are from you that's life just one
sale like did I give you those yeah you
did
body shop blusher brush in which looks
like it needs a damn good wash miss your
record I raised me oh well mr. Bratton
she doesn't have a redeemer all right
another body shop kabuki which needs a
wash as well that one doesn't look so
bad
another body shop I'm sore ride brow
comb thing eyelash comb thing a body
shop blusher in number one in two shades
huh no blush shade petal Mac mineralize
skinfinish natural in medium
I use this every day this is like all my
makeup I use daily
I've got use anything else all right
siding Mac concealer in nw20 foundation
brush from just a cheap shot really it's
quite nice one I don't really use it
they're just using my concealer so
that's all right um Mike insisted okay
yeah you showed your Cobra and Cielo um
Mac mascara Mac X maybe you think it's
called air yeah not you they're not sure
I've seen it myself
that's just black um Carmack's
lip balm which is the best essential for
essential some tweezers which are lovely
they've got gold bits at the top and my
mirror which is from accessorize and
kind of shot that I didn't have a mirror
in my handbag hemp hand cream essential
for me because I'm washing my hands all
the time washing washing my hands all
the time
yeah I'm watching them all the time
because I'm student nurse there were on
and off wards having to wash hands
constantly and that is not great my
hands and I've got some alcohol gel with
a snazzy snazzy doing that you clip onto
your uniform most of your like really
sad like you like a germ freak and you
just had one of these on you like it to
every outfit you're like I'm advice
before my night out I just want to talk
to you I just need to sit to attach this
to my really nice black dress come down
then you give me like excuse me would
you like to know
tell me before we touch me but I am only
magical on a club like China yeah so
just me internet you can't done well to
be honest you would not pull in a clevis
on me so good if you're a student nurse
student that you yeah don't want to
touch on these patients anyway that's
your job I know but they thought yeah
mrs. anyway my moisturizer which is
really really good I'm loving this at
the moment
um it's Neutrogena Pacific clear
oil-free moisturizer and I've got a
couple of highlighters everyone needs
some highlighter it's not uni and I've
always got things to highlight normally
um oh yes a this screw set your smooth
know if you're a wine drinker like me
it just makes you it like an alcoholic
now I'm not really an icon I just I
thought it because I I needed a bio
defense no but would be quite useful I
space if you've got activist star pally
but nobody approach back on a done I
bought it cuz I'm went away for New
Year's Eve and I didn't have one
you kind of need a corkscrew for New
Year's Eve DFS I love add wine a note in
a corkscrew so thought a better band
that was only like two pound from seem
to be living my bands yeah and that's
everything so we're done we're done that
is what is in me a Becca's bag you like
it give it a thumbs up
because I would make him happy and it
would make Becca happy and I think Becca
should make videos too because she's
actually quite natural oh maybe one day
well every time you come round on me you
do a video with me all right okay bye
guys oh I got some panty liners
I got me you're brave enough to get them
out right she's just working him out
Tom hot panty liners what else you got
in there bit of Lube
