don't hide people's just I went to
Primark with my mom on Saturday and I
tweeted about it when I came home when
everyone was like I think you should do
a video and show what you got and I got
quite a lot so I'm going to show you
because this exciting oh by the way just
so you know this video is in no way
bragging people have asked to see this
stuff at its Primark it's not like I
just went shopping in Karen Millen who
oh oh oh I will start with accessories
first I got this necklace can you see it
it has a little bow on it see that and
this was two poems fifty bargainer is on
a chain it's actually quite heavy that's
my strength on no one would set which is
like a Springsteen varnish to always 2
pounds bargain s I got some 8 seed in
here tight these were a whole 2 pounds
Primark tights have never really lasted
that well for me but never mind I've got
this really cute little hair band it's
got a little bow on it
it sits on your red obviously without
the tag and this was a pound how cute
and I then got these earrings
some might say they're a bit Pat butcher
and if you're not in the UK Google Pat
butcher EastEnders and you'll see what I
mean these were I had the color of them
they're like really pretty like um white
it's like a pastel greeny blue that's
still greeny blue that would do and that
what all these were two pounds I got
this pass this was three pounds that's
quite nice you twist the little thing at
the front and you've got all your card
compartments and then you've got more
card compartment that's it and another
compartment bloody brilliant
I also got these which are so cute their
little bows with diamond taste in the
middle know if you can see that these
were two pounds they're really cute
they're quite big ish I think they get
really nice I got this makeup bag which
is kind of shiny and waterproof and it's
like a cuff Kidston it's quite small
it's good for like lipsticks and stuff
actually all you have some in here this
was one pound fifty Wow
I've got this handbag it looks massive
compared to me because I'm tiny but this
is like it is that I actually don't like
uh probably fit in this bag it's um it's
a black like squidgy bag it's got some
zips here and it's got a thing here and
this was three quid reduced from nine
pounds this is one of my favorite things
I bought I love it it's this bag it's
got flowers on it and it looks a bit
like my twitter background I thought
another cat kids to rip off and it's got
the oil cloth stuff on it so it's like
eating pac-man and you can fit a laptop
in this your schoolbooks if you still go
to school and I think this was six
pounds let me just double check yep
oil cloth weekend bag six pounds and
it's also one thing if you've got a big
bag like this you'll have to have a side
zip pocket and a little mobile and this
has both so yay and another one I got a
little bit crazy on the old cloth
another Catechism ripoff this is really
cute and this is just like a taupe
version and this was three pounds and it
cost about 20 P to make probably did
cost about 20 P to make okay clothes
best thing I got was this cute jumper
this was in my photo of the day at face
of the day even um well it's kind of a
photo of the day because it had my
outfit into and it's a three-quarter
length sleeves oh and I turned over at
the ends and stripes it's got quite a
high neck by I quite like that and these
are the buns
some cute little nautical sailor buttons
I think this was seven pounds next I
bought I don't know if I like these
shoulder pads but I'm just going to go
with the flow and see if see if I like
it or what this top and I think this was
six pounds yes it was six pounds a baby
pink top this again just comes down past
my bum the length and it's got like
petals on it like flimsy like silky
petals swirls
eight pounds these are my favorites
these were a whole five pounds and
they're really short little summer
dresses with elasticated around the
middle there they come just under the
bust I would say and this one is the
like Wizard of Oz Dorothy type gingham
blue and white with tiny little white
button mum is a floral one and this one
has really cute little gold button I got
exactly the same in blue same cute
buttons except these on the silver this
was actually in the night where section
but this is meant to be a nightie but
I'm not going to wear as 19 going to
wear as a dress and that was three pound
50 this was in the beach section this is
going to be really hard for me to like
to show you without it looking really
boring weird looks like this it's a boob
tube dress so this bit goes here this is
really soft like cotton but in the
summer and it's on that nice length it
countries under the bum again in the
summer I'm going to wear this with a
really nice Brown waist belt around the
middle and some like gladiator sandals
Navy and this was I think this was 5
pounds as well
5 pounds I then got this dress again
stripes it's got a pocket
and the sleeves are really interesting
they're not quite like puffed out you
know massive sleeves but they're even
know how to explain these types of
sleeves but I really like them they're
kind of batwing II this was 9 pounds and
I got this dress um and it has the
massive shoulders I don't know if I like
the massive shoulders yet I'm not
convinced but it doesn't really nice
alright and that was 8 pounds um I think
that's everything that I bought oh my
one more thing okay I love Primark the
red pajamas because this is weird but I
get bored of pajamas very easily so I
just get rid of them
so this is the best place to buy them
from and these are like the softest
cutest pajama bottoms ever they've got
like this big bow on and these are like
four pounds I think
and then Reese offed now that really is
everything now I'm done
same short drive they're like really
pretty like um what's the word Joe what
color is this how do I start it off
howdy your head looks massive okay
I was just further away your Twitter did
and about it and so I thought oh wow
when you were in Twitter this I tweeted
about it when I got home all right I got
something on the lens would you do
I just I'm my name oh this is video of
out date
