hi everybody welcome back to my channel
as you can see I enjoyed with one of my
favorites is a new toy well hello so
notice that it's been so long so are you
may have seen yesterday on my social
media channels I went red to show my
support for Red Nose Day 2017 comic
relief organises two major fundraising
events on ultimate years
the first one is Sport Relief our second
is pregnancy so far both these campaigns
have raised over 1 billion of pounds
whoa yes I'm really very fast right no
today we have helped over 2 million
wonderful children and young people
across some of the poorest communities
so every little thing you guys can do to
help fundraise for this amazing charity
is incredible we are going to show you
how to make some super delicious Easter
inspired cupcakes that you can get
baking with your friends with your
family or your co-workers and fundraise
and earn a little money and these really
the cupcakes you can make all year round
oh hell yeah Bar Red Nose inspired apron
oh don't you wish this year I'm really
back to the park on someone sorry
credibly happy oh yeah isn't it first
what you gotta do is find a chocolate
cupcake recipe which did not beautiful
very very chocolate cupcake you can't go
wrong with a bit of Mary Mary Mary goes
wrong don't thing you need to do is
measure out 40 grams of cocoa powder but
we're doubling this recipe because of
both making cupcakes really actually 80
if you go in parfum Wow Oh next thing we
need to do is add eight tablespoons or
boiling nature to it
this is so weird what
never question Mary Mary yeah but
showing their a Trevor question yeah
I love number yeah this is like a
massive bourbon biscuit oh not so good
don't environment but yes where is it on
all they're going to line my cupcake
cases
I like the red forty one for red names
day it's not really a page is it well
after we just added lots more the tiny
bear but I love that item Paisley is it
I would be supposed to be hey rich
oh this is like a bit don't this is
going into a page sure yeah everyone
okay just to take right round baby right
round like a record baby right so it
just add the remaining cake ingredients
I think gonna fit much else in all
religions I'm going to we need to pop
this into oh oh my god I've given me
like instant goose Bob so we need eggs
okay so we've got one yeah see ya Paul
350 grams all butter I'm making a tower
okay oh oh just a Koopa sharpie
hahahahaha
the cream is imperfect oh my god Mary
because I'm double Z ingredient oh yeah
self raising flour we need a hundred
sixteen times two which is what people
do 30 crap time maybe is that runs back
in we go two teaspoons of baking powder
okay this is honestly the most started
fun because everything really see all
the mixture mix together I like to mix
it mix it I like you missing
oh yeah this is good guys
like the TV you're just baby I want to
be a TV here we go guys good luck I
think we make a fire
yeah Hartman always on the fun this is
so GU got time to do runway long before
you see ya Oh
ha ha ha
I draw all night be warm inside hey
buddy
ha ha ha blood it is like that this
smells so good yeah I thought it looks
even better I think okay this meat is
good God these are now going in the oven
at 200 degrees Celsius for 15 20 minutes
or until you stick a knife or a
pop-tastic to the middle and it comes
out from be speaking and their types for
you to touch so while they're in the
oven let's have a little game okay pass
me a phone cupcakes are done and they're
calling on the side what we have in the
meantime is melted a bar of Cadbury
chalks beautiful you know what we're
going to be doing with their we're gonna
be adding this to that do you mind if I
do it okay
so I haven't I do with these cupcakes
that we make slinging that because I
found these micro me eggs them compared
to the normal oh come on top of a
cupcake why don't you make mini net
they're one of my favorite things to
measure so let's do it so I figured if
we add the shredded wheat to the melted
chocolate and then using these teeny
tiny these are called confectionary cups
but I think these are just mini cupcake
places like truffles and things I
thought we can't either in case any of
you are interested I thought we could
just make the tiny nest in these and
then pop them in the fridge to set and
then once you want to put them on our
cupcakes and take Malky right now get
yourself in the lead animator maybe what
made you come up with this idea
no I just like I love net and I love
chocolate cupcake how can I combine into
I always see your hat on as though here
is a little net yeah yeah I just see
like a like a nasty person but you would
make a great bird yeah hahaha
mmm keep out the see no you know what
you got to do with them now cool but a
minute break yeah I'll into this guy you
sure yeah well ah next cool name
cupcakes linked trying to make the icing
60 grams of butter which we're going to
double so need 120 grams of butter 60
grams of cocoa powder 500 grams of icing
sugar that whole packet are you going
again no I give this oh my god sigh look
at the cauldron oh my god
six tablespoons of whole milk don't down
this is Tommy's skin so I hit that in
the matter how was it a little teasing
yeah I do
great right nothing oh that was like huh
I lost count
so I love it and very careful of on you
go
honey this is Connie oh yes yes yes so
our large Minami you make me wanna thank
my tummy system will let slide off it is
oh no am i doing
I'm scared away oh my god these are full
and the Martha Louise okay sorry
alright so this is over not yet an
obsolete call yet mark something you
must learn you've got our cupcake which
nozzle we hike this one good this just
in cred
I did okay good okay I'm here start from
the outside and go in all out for the
middle and go out
look at me Oh that'd be yoga you want to
try and take ah oh my god no
is it good yeah thank you tell me ha ha
ha that's wet
chocolate chocolate sweat mark with our
cupcake some of our higher I can't wait
to eat these they look so delicious
I needed your booty I think you started
amazed at the gun make sure any of you
decides to make these to Twitter and
Instagram of your photo and make sure
you're doing everything you can for Red
Nose Day and fundraising and spreading
the word so that we can raise as much
money as possible we also got a video
over on mark channel where we did a
little bit of a friend Q&A oh it was so
funny
make sure you go on over to Becky no
stay calm for slash read out for lots
more information I will also leave a
link to that in the description box a
lot of size the video resources mark and
all his information came we would be
very soon Abby
laughs read no Jane we've helped 49 this
my friend knows a 49,000 comic relief
organizers to major fundraising events
that take place from alternate year for
Sport Relief and Red Nose Day what are
you doing by foot normal with me first
oh my god - good come on go so good oh
my god I got a dry one
