hello everybody I hope you are having a
fantastic start to the week today I'm
going to take you through some of my
February favorites which actually for
once I have quite a lot of beauty items
I've been using a lot of product I've
made it my goal this year to mix up my
makeup bag a lot more frequently so I'm
fruit Chloe but they're really weird so
that I'm trying different products
therefore I will find favorites
more quickly and I won't stick to what I
know and love all the time
the first thing I have been absolutely
loving is the pixie and Caroline Hiram's
double cleanse cleanser I actually have
two of these on the go at the moment I
don't know how I ended up with two but I
am very thankful basically if you don't
know you Caroline hirings is she is my
friend and also I talk about her across
all my social channels for years because
she's my go-to person for skincare
anything skincare related her blog is
amazing I will leave a link to it down
below there's so much useful information
about skincare products and skincare in
general but I find personally extremely
helpful so I think you will too and when
I knew she was bringing out the cleanser
I instantly knew I could trust it
because I trust her opinion a hundred
percent so I don't think it's any
surprise to anyone that I've thought in
love it on one side you've got the solid
oil and on the other side you've got the
cream and you do the oil side first
I only normally take like a tiny bit and
this melts your makeup off so well like
honestly I just have to put a tiny bit
on my eye and all my eye makeup has gone
and then after that you do the cream
cleanse just to kind of remove the oil
and remove anything that's left on your
face and my skin has been loving it it's
not scented it doesn't have anything in
it that would irritate your skin and I
think that is why I've got on so well
with it because it's just a really good
no-nonsense product and I'm obsessed
the next thing I've been really liking
is this which was actually on Poppy's
recommendation
and it is the pharmacy with an F rise
and shine daily moisture lock with
echinacea green envy this I got on cult
beauty and it's a brand I haven't really
ever heard of before but pop you
mentioned it to me I really like their
packaging it's amazing it's got a little
wooden lid you want to come out boy
that's not because surprise anyone is it
it's like she always knows when I'm
filming a body videos and so I ordered
one of these because I've been
absolutely loving my Charlotte Tilbury
moisturizer but I do feel like using it
every day it can become quite heavy so I
wanted something that was a little bit
light that I could use on kind of
alternate days or what have you I
absolutely love it I don't know how to
explain the texture of this is kind of
it's obviously it's like creamy and it's
like this really light kind of cocky
green color it does have quite a like
different smell as well like I've been
really trying to get used to this but
the consistency is kind of like creamy
elasticy I can't explain it but I have
oh I just scuff it up my nail I said
well I haven't had any kind of oily or
dry patches throughout the day and yeah
this is holding up really really well I
also find that makeup sit three nicely
on top of it as well next up is a
whopping huge hand cream this is buy it
lots of time I hate when you have to
like pronounce something in French
without it being like a French sentence
like I've done French since I was really
little so I would say if I'm trying to
actually sound French I do an okay
accent but when I'm trying to read like
a beauty product off of a pass off of
the packaging it just never found right
very dry skin intensive hand balm oh my
goodness January or February for my hand
has been absolute torture I get really
cold hands and with that my skin also
cracks to the point where my hands are
like bleeding because they're cracking
so much of itself absolutely vile but
that's just the way it goes and so my
hands have been like terrible this year
I don't know why but they're like the
worst they'd be
in a really really long time so I needed
something that was way more heavy-duty
than my hands were ever used to and I
got this in my pa box and I was like
this sounds good intensive hand balm for
very dry skin I like the sound of that
so I've been putting this on my hands
every evening or when I feel like my
hands are really dry throughout the day
and it is amazing if you suffer with
really dry skin maybe on like your
elbows or your knees or like on your
feet or anywhere that you get dry skin
you should really try this especially
just like slathering it on overnight
when you wake up in the morning you're
like oh my gosh my hand can breathe it's
such a thick it's more like ourselves
than like a cream but I really really
like it have two items in hair the first
of which is the
daven and I mean this just doesn't
really have a name it just is going out
this is a medium hair spray this is a
medium hair spray it's a workable shiny
look and that's it more in size maybe
it's the more inside 1000's more inside
I don't know but it's a debonair
hairspray and daven s is one of my
favorite hair care brands I'm obsessed
with their shampoo and their conditioner
it basically might go to and I was going
to shoot recently and my hairdresser
used this on my hair and I was like what
is that hair spray
it smells insane it smells so good I
can't even describe what that smell is
it's like sweetly floral I can't explain
it but it smells so good and also I just
really like the whole so because it's
medium and it's workable you can sort of
add as much as you want but then you can
also brush it out or brush it into a
certain look which I really like because
I'm not the biggest fan of crispy
hairspray so this is incredible and then
she was kind enough to let me have
dessert for the shoot because I was like
I need to write this down where did you
get it she was like you have this one so
I've been using this like every day
since I got it the next thing I've also
been really loving is this this is
actually a travel size but it's the way
haircare dry shampoo I don't know what
it is about this dry shampoo but I
really like it there's no
like white residue in the hair it's also
I think it's because it's the only dry
shampoo I've really used where it feels
like you don't have dry shampoo in your
hair which I know for some people they
want because dry shampoo can add quite a
lot of texture and make it slightly
easier for you to spoil your hair but
when you brush this through it genuinely
feels like you could have just washed
your hair like it still has that very
kind of like lightweight kind of you can
run your fingers quite easily through
your hair feel and I haven't really
found that with any other dry shampoo so
I really like this is just my little
travel version and I took away with me
it's like half empty and it nearly gone
so I do need to get a full sized moving
on to makeup I think quite a few people
talked about this palette but I hadn't
really considered purchasing it because
I knew I already had quite a lot of
eyeshadow palettes with very similar
colors and I thought no Zoe be a bit
more self restrained you don't need to
get this palette and then loads of
people were tweeting about it like oh my
god this is the best part of ever use
and I was like do it now I need to order
it and it's the modern renaissance
anastasia beverly hills palette firstly
the packaging is lovely it's got like
this felt casing and then you open up
and you've got a nice mirror and i'm
actually quite a nice brush which i have
used to be fair normally i throw away
two three brushes because i don't use
them i don't really like that it's
double ended i don't know what it is but
I don't like double ended brushes I
don't know why it makes sense but I
don't like them and these are the
beautiful colors which yes they're quite
autumnal but I don't care I've never
used Anastasia
I had aged before but my god they blend
beautifully they're so creamy and
they're so pigmented ma what you doing
they're beautiful but they also really
blend nicely together which are quite
like so yes beautiful eyeshadows in
gorgeous berry tones and everything you
could ever need even like this one what
is a matte shade which I do find like
creamy colors in a matte shade you don't
really see on your eyes look at that can
you see that that's like insane pigment
and then not chalky they're found the
color payoff really really good Oh lost
my double-ended brush the next thing
I've been really loving is this which is
the Too Faced past I don't peach blush
which comes in this cute packaging you
may have seen it in my Pierre box video
and it smells of peaches which isn't
necessary because it doesn't mean you're
going to love the product but I love the
product so the fact it's multi cheese is
just kind of like an added bonus I love
it it can packaging because I feel like
it laughs really really well in my
makeup bag really easy to clean sturdy
but I also just love the pigmentation
the color this color is beautiful and it
has like a slight highlighting Sheen to
it which i think is also why I've been
really enjoying it because you don't
necessarily need a highlighter when you
put this on it gives you quite like a
healthy glow and I've been using this
every single day since I received it so
definitely have to teach it into my face
another thing I wanted to mention which
I think I have already mentioned before
in a video I've been loving it and
actually like verbally recommending it
to everyone who I've been with in like
the last couple of months is the naked
skin concealer by Urban Decay this
concealer on spots or blemishes is the
best thing ever it's a liquid concealer
it blends really well it lasts really
well and the coverage is insane so if
you haven't already checked this out I
would really recommend it they do really
good range of different colors as well
and yeah it's incredible last thing in
beauty of these nails now you guys know
I'm not very good at nails I never look
after my nails it's the one thing I suck
at wear my new year's resolutions was to
take better care of myself like
physically I've been getting spray tan
I've been moisturizing my body
and doing my nails and one thing that
has made life so much easier when it
comes to nails are these these are the
nailin 200 for cover nails in petite
square I don't have to do anything to
these nails I get the glue I stick them
on and because I have really tiny little
nail beds I sometimes struggle with a
really pretty ones that come in like two
sizes because they don't all fit I mean
I can make them sort of fit but I end up
like filing them down and it takes a
really long time and then by the end of
it and they thought I've just painted my
actual nails but these I think are like
perfect they don't look like I'm really
wearing any false nails because there
are really good size and shape for my
nails and I love them they come in many
different sizes you've got one two three
four five six so twelve different sizes
and these will last you so long because
there's so many each size and it comes
with the nail glue and it comes with a
little nail file as well so if you did
want to file them down a little bit you
can but I don't find out ever need to do
that and then I can just paint them in
whatever color I like and I would say
these last four days without one of them
pinging off depends like how much you
use your hands though but I've had these
on for like four days there's no problem
on the fifth day I might lose one but
then you've got the glues you can stick
it back on or you can stick on a new one
just paint one nail and yeah I've just
found that I've looked after my nails a
bit more because I've got these my
natural nails are just not great and one
thing I'm really bad at is that I pick
and chip off my nail polish and then I
may as well have not done it so having
false nails which you can't peel the
nail polish off of and they don't chip
is amazing and also just my nails in
general don't grow and they're not very
strong so the only way I'm going to ever
have nice-looking
the nails is with falsies so I really
really like them one other thing I
thought was worth mentioning was broad
Church I am so excited that broad church
has started again it's the Serie three
I actually binge watch series one and
two again a couple of months ago with
alfie just to kind of get caught up on
it but it was without a doubt my
favorite TV series in a really really
long time when that came out so when
they said they were doing a series three
oh so excited and that started so I just
thought I was worth mentioning there
because most of February I was excited
for broad church and then it finally
started if you haven't seen it before
watch it on I think they have on Sky box
set and they might have it online I'm
not too sure but you can also buy the
DVDs but I would definitely recommend
watching series 1 and 2 before you start
on series 3 and so far there's only been
one episode so you don't have you're not
like missing out on too much of series 3
so far but the first episode was in
saying I can't wait for more like the
soundtrack the way they film it the
actors and actresses just everything
about it I absolutely love oh and I
didn't actually explain what it is so it
it's kind of like a crime drama kind of
thing like it's all very like whodunit
which is like my favorite thing to watch
on TV so love it anyway I really hope
you guys have enjoyed this video and let
me know in the comments as always what
things you've been loving or if there's
anything else you think that I will love
I have actually read comments in past
videos where you've all told me
different TV series I should be watching
so I have made a list of those not I
have any time right now to be starting
on new TV series but I do take your
recommendations into account so thank
you for that give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and I will see you
again next week for another video
