my eyebrows look so dark paper citizens
show got paper scissors show rock paper
scissors show rock paper scissors show
you've got me as your so what so if I
win you can pick if you want okay yeah
this is my video it's right on
professional fashion hello everybody
welcome back today I'm joined with my
favorite person in the whole world
it's been a while since you've been on
this channel you know a long time real
long been a while since I've actually
seen him it's been like four weeks it's
just the longest we've ever not seen
each other for the whole time we've
known each other pretty much yeah it's
good to be back in today's video I
thought would be really fun to do a best
friend does my 8th shop now no pressure
I'm expecting great things expecting
great things ok
the thing is I feel like I know your
wardrobe so well I feel like as I keep
saying I feel like I've already boots
I've bought stuff that you've already
got that's a testament to how well you
know me yeah but I feel like it's like a
psychological thing I've seen you wear
it and I'd be like oh I'm gonna buy
because we've been talking about doing
this video for so long yeah I've been so
excited and I've been looking for more
than just the other day when I bought
wear but we'll say okay so how will you
do I'm just gonna like hand you one
piece and then we're do the trials at
the end Oh
a lot we said dubiously eight items we
said I owe it hey hey yeah Wow
right right so obviously through each
item I'm going to give you a little bit
of an extra later okay the first thing
I'm going to be presenting you with okay
is something I feel like you can wear on
a casual day mm-hmm that it's gonna be
like a cozy just everyday thing sounds
like right up my street I'm terrified
oh my god you know how much I love my
spots at the moment there we go
it's on there like oh my god fuzzy fell
isn't it
I love this isn't it really no I know
you're freaking it's my face you look so
white these are the sorts of jumpers
that look amazing tucked it like I think
it's supposed to be like yeah because
you tuck it in and it like hangs really
nicely like this one yeah age okay oh my
god mark even if this is the only thing
I love I this is like my new favorite
thing okay
seven to go yeah so what would you wear
that with like everything yeah good stop
these are the thing these are the things
I think you've already got shoes
Susy's oh I feel like you've only gotten
love
if its heels I probably don't so don't
wear them that much but I feel like the
reason why I got you these because they
are very like a bit out there like you
wear them I definitely don't have these
are you sure yeah but don't you have
jeans with like bells on yeah I've got
jeans okay
I love these but I actually love these
do you
the next thing is is PJ's oh yes PJ's in
your mouth I feel like these are crazy
okay I love crazy pj why like right
crazy okay like it's crazy it's the
sweet piece you bought me that time what
did I get you then look you back I'm
like why made in Kenya did you know what
I would wear this like out I just
thought oh they're so unusual okay
that's a bonus well no I just saw these
on my cycle they are so cool but yeah
they like different a larger site
they're quite unusual I really like
these these are very Zoey yeah is it
weird that I would wear these owl yeah I
feel like the best under there yeah yeah
and then these with like her another
vent at the top
yeah that's a multifunctional pajama set
like all sleeping em oh oh that's very
nice if you ever want to do some of this
what we think I love these again I
actually love these were you a bit
shocked when you open your eyes not
really I just thought this looks too
nice to be dramas how are you feeling as
in giving my stuff I'm a bit nervous
oh yeah yeah
because now I'm like you're doing really
well I feel like I can't let the side
down I can't be like the worst friend
ready you can go I don't mind here we go
why are you I'm so confused why did I
order you there I honestly don't
remember ordering you that but it's cute
I honestly don't remember can you this I
like it what do you think I do like it
nothing much more out it's a much more
like bold pattern yeah very bold yeah I
think it was just add a bit more summery
yeah always definitely go for the
summary yeah
this would make cute with little like
red boots yeah that's okay a little
summer hat and you're more surprised I
honestly don't remember Kevin either
thank you love you okay this is lovely I
don't want this video to ever end it's
so good this one okay close your eyes
okay I'm getting like 90s flare flare
flare trousers such as 95 90s vibe maybe
on a nice day where you're sort of do it
sort of doing like casual meetings okay
in the summer oh no we're not
Oh Oh is it very clueless clueless yeah
okay here we go
oh here we go every guy that's a
sequence
oh my work has gone down oh I'm not
opposed to sequins they're like saw do
you know what I don't hate them I'm just
thinking for that one time of year when
we're in the club yeah I can wear them
yeah I'm just hoping my ass small I
think this is definitely gonna be like
went once it's on well no but you can
make them look so cool if you wore them
with like converse okay that's what I
was thinking you're so good at mixing
stuff together like like it's like oil
slick I'm not sure I can oil slick type
effect with the sequins
I actually don't hate them in yeah yeah
little bit out of my comfort zone I
wanted to get one thing that was out to
comfort I'll try them on for sure
perfect I close your eyes okay it's an
ironing board cover yeah Oh awesome
trousers oh I like these you like them
these are very Zoey I like to wear
things like this to my meeting there we
go
I've got literally something for every
day yeah every occasion these are lovely
I really like these yeah look pip plain
yeah but like these will go nice with
the spotty top and oh that shirt tucked
in
it's got Navy in it maybe we can try
that when you try it on yeah okay I yeah
big thumbs up from me you know there's
really nothing I would send back at this
point maybe once I try the short sell
like I've gotta get one thing that she's
like Oh laughs well okay okay yeah or a
spring dress it's a jumper dress
I like this with some trainers yeah big
glasses all the hairs on my face stand
on end
it's my hairy face this is lovely
yeah like I like it um hi top not barn
glasses business de Bourgh so just
running up to like also this is a good
in-between clothing item in between
winter and spring yeah cuz you have
their legs and like trainers or boots
but and then this so you still stay
quite warm
mm-hmm you've done really well at ten
like a solid nine hey hey what's your
favorite outfit oh my favorite thing is
this potty top yeah like I'm surprised
I've not ordered that myself I think it
was no yeah I think it was new in I love
that I also love the pajamas I love the
bit I love everything so well and what
like the thing is like when you saw I
was nervous I was like I know we're
nervous but as I went through them again
I was like no I think I've got arrived
right I was completely shocked about
this I don't know why I honestly don't
remember getting either like ah I'm
really nervous feed open should we do oh
is it let's do it now
and now you can see me trying them on
that's why when first outfit
oh yeah that looks amazing with the mom
jeans and even the Roenick inside I love
this that's when I movie to hold it up
it was like massive but that looks so
cool
and you come I love them
yeah amazing he styled by mark oh my god
with a nice bit of like maybe like the
sort of van black shoes yeah oh yeah I
think that top goes perfect with it as
well hey oh no sorry
I actually really like them I honestly I
mean they are chunky yeah I love them I
think they're gray yeah okay not the
best okay
Oh oh my god they are so so nice perfect
fair comfortable well these PJs these
are crazy good yeah but you could
literally wear them trousers with
something else if you were to wear them
like that with something else though
look how good that looks
no I'm obsessed with them puffy I don't
know I mean it's cute yeah it's like um
like what they called tea towel like tea
towel material no could you see where I
was going with that yeah yeah I tell you
from a by net I mean it doesn't it
doesn't no bad yeah yeah right ready
oh wow that's so cute yeah the colors
inside yeah so flattering yeah what's
your favorite one my favorite one is
probably the jump yeah the spotty jumper
like
I also love the boots the pajamas this
the trousers basically everything except
that I think is perfect
yay that was the video I really hope you
enjoyed it make sure to go on over and
check out marks video where I bought him
his clothing and see what he makes this
I'm really nervous
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it don't forget to subscribe and
hit the bell to get notified every time
I upload a video and I will see you
again very very soon bye
