hi Nana can't be in every video come on
Sofia come on you still recording really
for me what it is about people
management no hello everybody first of
all I want to start by saying happy
Valentine's Day or happy Valentine's Day
or Valentine's Day there's so many
different variations of telling someone
you love them today what else or if
you're single it doesn't matter it's
just a day I'm wearing my special
Valentine shirt for the occasion and
this video has nothing to do with
Valentine's Day so if you click this
thinking I'm so done with Valentines
don't worry this actually has nothing to
do with Valentine's Day at all just
before I start this video I'm just going
to throw it out there and say I feel
like I look like a sack of poop today so
we've gone for a bit more of a code the
ambient I've which I actually quite like
because this room is like one of the
coziest rooms in the whole house and I
absolutely love it so I quite like that
we channeling more of a 25 but it is
also to cover up the fact that I have a
chin growing on my chin it's the biggest
spot I've ever had in my entire life if
I wasn't so like frustrated about it I
would be proud of it and quite a while
back I asked on Twitter what questions
you would love me to answer that I have
never answered before or that you would
love to know and I saved them all for a
special occasion it is definitely going
to be a Q&A that spans over a couple of
videos because there was so many
questions I was like how do you watch
answer that and I've never asked that so
I'm going to start going through them oh
that one's cute
I'll come here a sec do you mind just
sitting in this second you are like on
radio yeah because it's Valentine's Day
I have just said this isn't about
Valentine's Day it's actually a Q&A but
the first question I've gotten here is
when did you realize you actually look
alpha oh there you go what made it click
and I was like you know what
Fahrenheit Bay yes answer this together
I think I realized I love Alfea when
obviously before I moved here because me
moving was actually a really big deal
like I'd grown up in a tiny village I've
never thought I would move so obviously
I realized I loved you before that
otherwise we would never have moved to
Brighton I don't know I think just when
I was always thinking about you and
always wanted to talk to you because you
had never loved anyone before
so how did you know well maybe a
Randleman gluon dumped me under it I
don't know no no I did some trying to
think of this answer tonight I'm just
like so used to push me in there kind of
there mmm let's go come on imagine
living in a house without you live in
there but then all that you don't have
lived with somebody to love them so I
don't know so your babies got used to me
and thought wow my love and I've been
too long now and car back out and stuck
I quite like this question it was from
Sharla and she said I don't know if
anyone has asked it before I would like
to know which dream of yours you
remember the clearest when I was a
teenager I used to have this dream that
I was a witch my mum was a witch and my
mum's month and my mam was a witch as
well and it was so vivid and I used to
have it so much and I really enjoyed it
because in the dream we all had brooms
and we could fly and I just remember
dreaming it and feeling like I could
actually fly and then waking up the next
day being like if I really concentrate I
think I can fly like it was the wig and
a teenager at this point so I know I
can't fly but it just felt so real and I
have that dream so many times I've never
had like repeat dreams apart from that
one and also tsunamis which I guess is a
nightmare but I used to dream that a lot
like at least once a week I would dream
that me my mum and my nan were witches
and we were good witches not bad witches
and we could fly on brooms and no one
else knew and it was like this family
secret that we had and it was
just the best thing ever though Ivana
said why don't you have your own gaming
channel I actually do like gaming maybe
not kind of more of like the console
sense but I really like playing PC or
Mac games things like Sims I could spend
hours and hours on Sims I love watching
Sims gaming and I play that without E
but I did actually try and film my own
gaming video and it didn't go down very
well I was trying to a steam Hospital
because it's one of my favorite games
ever I just there's not very many people
online mcplayer and i was like i'm going
to try and i was going to upload it on
my second channel or alby's gaming
channel and I can't remember which but
when I'm actually playing the game I'm
not very good at commentating over it so
because I concentrate so much on the
game I don't actually speak so this
whole episode that I filmed which must
have been about 40 minutes long I feel
like I didn't have much kind of charisma
or character and I was like no one's
going to watch this and I'm not being
very entertaining and all I'm really
doing is filming myself playing a game
and not saying anything so that is why I
don't have a gaming channel and I think
if I was to film Sims without Alfie
he wouldn't remind me to talk I would
just get so into it but it's good that
there's two of us in film it because he
reminds me I need to actually talk
Heather said if you could go back and
change one thing that has happened to
you what would it be I think this is
quite deep question because even though
there are certainly things in my life
has not enjoyed or things that I sort of
feel like I would do a little
differently ultimately I do believe that
everything happens for a reason and that
bad things happen so good things can
happen after it and that the bad things
kind of show the value of the good
things and when I think of it like that
I think I wouldn't change anything but
if we're getting like down to the
nitty-gritty there are certainly things
I'm like why didn't I do this or why did
I part with that or why didn't I say
this but then I'm like if I didn't
would I be here today would I be sat in
this video in my house in Brighton like
I don't know Holly said what does it
actually like to be reported about in
the news about every little thing you do
on the ground scheme of things I don't
get written about as much as you know
actual like celebrities and people that
have like interesting life I don't know
like if I've been completely honest I
hate it if we're just going to strip
this down and talk you know one to one I
really don't like it
I love being online I love having
control over everything I can post I
love you guys and everyone that watches
and get involved and I like that I have
built my own community and we could talk
about what we wanted and I'm so
fortunate in the sense that there are so
many of you and it's kind of like we
created our own little like I don't know
I feel like youtubers and like the
online space don't see traditional media
in that same way we don't need
traditional media to tell a story
because we can do that ourselves and so
I think sometimes when I'm trying to
tell my story and they go oh this is
kind of interesting let's worry about
this and it doesn't always spin what
I've said in a positive way just to get
clicks it's really weird to get my head
around because I think also a lot of
people forget that when I started this
there was no oh but if my channel grows
to this size then the press will be
interested and there'll be people
stopping in the street and you'll go to
signings and you'll do signatures and
you could be sat in a restaurant with
your family and someone will come up and
ask you for a video message for the best
friends like I didn't know what could
ever be if that makes sense there was no
one that was already experiencing all of
this and if there was I wasn't aware of
them so it was all very new
I had to learn very quickly how to kind
of balance that because ultimately all I
really wanted to do was film videos for
an audience of people online and it
hadn't really occurred to me that if
that audience grew on a much much larger
scale that that would change the way I
lived my life offline if that makes
sense
I feel like quite a lot of the time
people will say you know I'll but you
know it's just part of it it's part of
it but when a lot of YouTube has started
it wasn't part of it and it's something
that people have had to learn to deal
with and kind of learn to slot into
they're like everyday lives and it is
scary daunting unpredictable but there
are also really amazing aspects of that
as well because it means I get to
actually meet you guys
if 10 year old you could see you now how
would she feel I don't know this one
that hard one because I feel like I have
pinch me moment all the time I don't
take any of this for granted and it
still surprises me on a weekly basis but
I am doing the things that I'm doing and
that my life has gone this way and so I
don't even think 10 year old Zoe would
ever think that 26 year-old Zoe would be
doing all the things he's doing I don't
know have any friends ever left you /
judged you because of your career I
think anyone that's ever had an issue
with it or not understood it or kind of
turned a blind eye or mocked it which I
definitely did have when I first started
doing this but it was all very indirect
those people weren't ever really friends
and then not my friends now if that
makes sense like those kind of people I
knew starting our relationship online is
daunting and
because of the size of the audience you
are aware of people kind of judging your
every move and kind of taking what they
want from certain things and that's just
what happens but so much of the time
it's so focused on relationships when
actually I think it can be just as
difficult having friendships online
especially if both other people aren't
too sure about you know being online or
being on camera or if they have channels
themselves and they're not sure if they
want to be in your videos or kind of
what can come from that and it can be it
can make me quite paranoid because I
want people to be my friend for me not
for anything else and I have disliked
time where I was like no one's going to
want to be my friend because they're not
going to want to be on my channel like
how daunting is that going to be or
they're not going to want to hang out
with me because they're going to think
I'm a certain way when I'm not or I
don't know it I honestly think I wish
more people would like to talk about
this a bit more because it is so like
relationship focus like what's it like
having a boyfriend that daily vlogs and
what's it like you know having a
relationship online but you don't really
talk about kind of friendships or
building friendships or not knowing if
someone really wants to be your friend
or dozen and that is like a whole thing
in itself I'm like a super trusting
person I basically just trust everybody
and like welcome anyone with like open
arms and I think at one point I was a
bit like maybe I shouldn't be doing this
I don't know I was really like
questioning it and I was like what do
people want from me I don't know but all
the friends I have now are so supportive
and so lovely whether they're youtube
friends or non YouTube friends and I
think some of them still find it kind of
weird like I was with some of my friends
recently actually was like last year and
I was putting petrol in the car and
someone was like screaming like so lraa
my friend is like I find it so weird
because come
you're not zoella to me or just Zoey and
it's kind of like that kind of clicking
in and out of like oh yeah that's that's
what you do and that's like your work
thing but I know you have like Zoey when
if you decide that you wanted to live on
your own out of your family house and
wonder if scary or an easy decision
growing up I always thought I would live
in my tiny village for the rest of my
life
I couldn't imagine ever moving away ever
in fact me and my friend who we live
quite close to one another we were
always like oh we need to stay in this
village forever and you know you'll have
a house there and I'll have a house
there and our kids will go to the same
primary school and we'll stay here and
pretty much all my family lives kind of
like 10 minutes around me and I just
thought that's where I would always be
and I'm definitely a home comforts girl
which you all know and I didn't really
do a lot of traveling in fact before I
did YouTube I think the only places i've
ever visited was the maldives on a
family holiday and portugal i have no
desire to travel the world I just wasn't
really interested in and I loved being
at home I loved being on my family
I loved my tiny little village life and
I I think I couldn't imagine a different
life to that if that make sense but when
I started doing YouTube I massively grew
in confidence even more so off camera
than on camera I think like my parents
will agree with me here that I started
going to London to events and for me
that was like terrifying I was getting
the train to London I was making new
people I was going to events and
meetings and I was filming collabs with
like markers in Bristol and I've never
driven to Bristol on my own even though
it wasn't that far away but I drove
across Bristol to go and hang out with
Marcus and Naomi and I filmed with
Marcus and
and then I started going to conventions
in like Florida and LA and Milan and
like all these different places and I
think that made me see that the world
was a lot bigger than just my village
which I still absolutely love but when I
met Alfie and I came to Brighton on the
train I remember getting off the train
just being like I love this city I
instantly felt like I could live there
and I've never felt like that about any
other place I've ever visited in my life
and the minute I got off a train I was
like this is a really nice place I feel
really comfortable here I really love it
in fact the only other place I feel like
I have felt like that is Edinburgh I'm
not going to move to had a brother don't
worry and obviously as me and Alfie were
dating seeing each other going out
whether I used to drive to see him like
every week and that's like a two and a
half hour drive and I was doing that
like every week twice a week and every
time I was in Brighton it just felt more
and more comfortable and more and more
like home and so eventually I was like I
kind of want to be here like I love to
see I love that there's the countryside
and I've done this drive so often now it
doesn't feel far if that makes sense
like the more I've done it the more it
didn't feel far away I knew obviously I
wasn't going to be living with my dad
and my brother for the rest of my life
and I was starting to think about where
do I want to move out and as I was kind
of making these decisions I was listing
writing a lot and I was like I think I
just want to move to Brighton I didn't
want to move straight in with Alfie
because I think packing up your whole
life and moving like two and half hours
away is already like a big deal maybe
not to everyone but it certainly was to
like this country bumpkin
um so I moved into my own place
obviously at me and our fee for each
other every single day and he may as
well have lived with me but I still like
that I made that step on my own and I
was renting that place and it had all my
things in and I think living there made
me realize that this is where I want to
be and then
me and Alfie moved in together and the
rest is history did that right I feel
like one of them are there any youtubers
that you hate or dislikes but don't want
to say anything or hurt anyone's
feelings I really could dish the dirt
here but it's not my kind of vibe so all
I'm going to say is yes there are some
really not very nice people who make
youtube videos who I would be more than
happy to never see ever again or cross
paths with but that's the same for
everything in life if you work in an
office you're not going to like everyone
you work with and YouTube is a place for
anyone to upload videos and there are
hundreds and thousands of people don't
make videos so I think it's only right
that someone not the sort of people that
I would like and the only people I don't
like are people that have been rude or
unnecessarily bully-ish towards me or my
friends but don't ask just to same for
anything there's people like that in
school who are just not very nice it
just so happens that some of those
people have created YouTube channels but
yeah I'm not going to say names because
that's not my style but you never know
Never Say Never how does it really feel
to date someone almost four years
younger than you I don't really think
about it too much because I'll see it's
actually quite a mature 23 year old c-23
I think I'll see is quite a mature 23
year old and I'm quite an immature 26
year old so I think somewhere we balance
out and it's absolutely fine I never
even think about the fact that he is
younger than me in that sense and I
think as we get older the gap kind of
closes anyway the only time it's really
obvious is when I'm going oh my god do
you remember that program and he's like
no I watched this and I'm like oh my god
like I can't believe you were watching
that when I was watching that because I
feel like when you're much younger that
age gap is much bigger but apart from
that I don't really think about it if
you're high metabolism were you ever
bullied or had hate about it if so how
do you deal with it
I have a high metabolism - yes in answer
to that I have had pretty much my whole
life I've never been bullied
wouldn't say I've ever been bullied
about it but people make remark even now
oh no I think up until the point I
realized it wasn't okay and it was
making me feel bad which must have been
around 18 19 I didn't think too much
about it I just used to laugh also be
like family members or like friends or
like people in school would say things
like you're so skinny likewise you're
skinny or you should put some meat on
those bones or come on finish up you
need to eat you you need more pies like
you name it I've heard it actually both
myself and Joe and my mom and dad are
very like petite people I wouldn't say
it completely changed the way I viewed
myself because I was always quite happy
with my body and it was only when people
would make the remark that I would go oh
like a mighty skinny do my collarbone
stick out like am I too bony I want to
see it I want to look how people think I
should look it wasn't even about me it
wasn't that I would look at myself and
be like I think I'm too skinny it was
that other people saying these things
made me feel like I should put weight on
for them I don't know I never have that
same like view of myself that everybody
else had so I felt like I needed to
please them rather than pleasing myself
I would say the only time I was very
self-conscious about my body was when I
got boobs and a bum but was like so
skinny
basically my boobs my bum came at the
same time I've got the stretch marks to
prove it because they didn't gradually
go there they just was there and I had
reached like my peak height but I was
still really skinny and it just I think
at that point I looked at myself and I
was like my proportions don't feel right
I don't feel comfortable like this and
then as I got older I sort of like
evened out a bit more but I do still get
it in fact there was one time I was at a
party and someone who was like an adult
at the time I must have been about
twenty-one twenty-two and I know I
didn't really know them particularly
well came up to me in front of everyone
and was like why are you so skinny
I was like okay
have an art I don't I can't give you an
answer to this because it's so
uncomfortable and I was like what do you
mean and this person was like just so
you're too skinny you need to eat and it
was really weird because I'd only really
had comments like that as I was growing
up and I felt like those people were
kind of looking out for me or they were
like teachers or like I don't know like
people that I thought just wanted the
best for me but when I'm a 22 year old
woman grown woman and someone's still
talking to me like that I was a bit like
this is not okay like I don't like this
this isn't this isn't helpful and this
is you're embarrassing me in front of
everybody I don't know what to say to
you and I also felt like I wasn't
entitled to feel like that because I
knew people who really wanted to lose
weight and I felt like I could have
known for being smaller or skinnier I
felt like I wasn't allowed to I felt
almost like you should you should you
you're not allowed to dislike what you
look like because there are people who
would love to lose weight so therefore
you can but actually if you have some
form of kind of body image issue or you
don't feel very self-confident or there
are certain things people say to you
about your appearance that really get
you you are allowed to feel down about
it you're allowed to feel self-conscious
about it you're allowed to feel those
things because everybody has something
that they wish they could change or they
don't like or you know one day you might
like it the other day you might not and
even now I'm on 26 there are there are
times I look in the mirror and go where
are my tits gone or like why is my buns
drooping or why is my skin so bad today
like there's always something that
someone feels more self-conscious about
so you are allowed to have those days
and I think I learnt that as an adult I
just kind of learned not to care as well
as you're happy and you're healthy no
one else's opinions matter and I think
that's really important to remember
and I think I'm going to leave the Q&A
there because I've already rambled on
for far too long I need to edit this and
it's gonna take a while but I really
hope you guys enjoyed this kind of more
chilled too in a video I've got lots
more questions to answer so I'm going to
do another one of these quite soon
because there are still some great
questions that you guys had I really
hope you had a lovely day however you
sent it I love you anyway so I hope that
cancels something and give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you again very soon guys bye
