hi Nana hello everybody it's all so long
since I think in my favorite video
because the last time I did one was at
the start of December which was my
November favorites and since then I
haven't done a favorite I didn't do a
yearly roundup I didn't do a December
favorite so today I'm going to do my
generally favorite if I'm honest these
are some of my favorite videos to film
and to watch just because you get a
really good idea of what someone has
genuinely been enjoying and I feel like
that's a great thing to go off of if I
watch some of favorite than their like I
use this product all through the month I
love it I'm like I know you mean that
and I'm going to go buy it I kind of
want to keep this short because I've
just cooked my favorite pizza for lunch
and it's now on the side getting colder
although I have to say I'm much the
first eat pizza when it's like not that
hot because there is nothing worse than
biting into pizza and it's like molten
lava and it burns your mouth and you
can't taste anything for like the next
two days so I mean I'm quite happy about
I'm happy that it sat on the side
waiting to me but I don't want to take
the P and leave it too long so I'm going
to kind of come this quite quickly can I
quite hungry and where so much might
also Rumble because I feel like it's
been a while on foot a hair in my eye I
have accumulated quite a few beauty
products which generally if you watch my
favorite you'll know is the one thing I
struggled to actually use because once I
love something I continue to use that
until like forever forever so where to
start I have mentioned this briefly on
my blogging channel but I am loving this
this is the Sunday Riley Martian
mattifying melting water gel toner I
very kindly received a sample of this in
my PA box in December and I've been
using ever since this is one I have
students purchase to myself
in fact I purchased two because it
didn't want to run out and then not have
it this is for oily to acne prone skin
and although I don't particularly have
all over oily or all-over acne I have
areas that oily and
areas are acne-prone so i have found
that this has been amazing
generally when I've had spot or blemish
the marks take a really long time to
fade I always say it's kind of like my
skin is see-through and whenever I've
had a spot you can literally see it for
like weeks afterwards and I feel like
that's really helping with this I also
feel like any thoughts that I do have
which is kind of a given around certain
time in a month anyway they're not as
what is so savage and not a savage
they're not a huge they're not as like
painful and I really think that this has
helped the overall kind of appearance of
my skin so I just really like the tone
of stage it's like one of my favorite
stages because it's so like refreshing I
know it's nice to like practice game
before moisturizer the next thing I've
been loving is this which is the Peter
Thomas Roth pumpkin enzyme mask
enzymatic dermal resurfacer this is a
scary as it sounds this is actually
quite painful but then I quite like a
face mask it's like whoa I can feel that
working I know that some people don't
and to be honest I probably should steer
clear of these because I think I have
quite sensitive skin but when I put this
on my whole face was like whoa I feel
like there's like a tiny like army of
red ants like going at my face right now
but when I took this off my skin was
like a whole other dimension it was just
like well okay this mask really does
something it says a three-in-one
intensive skin resurfacer mask exfoliate
with pumpkin enzyme peels with alpha
hydroxy acid polishes with aluminium
oxide and reveal smoother
younger-looking radiant and revitalized
skin
I can only % vouch for the radiant when
I first fit this up my skin was glowy
it looks amazing the next day however I
did have some spots so I think that it
kind of drew those out but carried on
using it and I use this I don't know at
the moment I would say I probably used
it like once a week or three times every
weeks I don't want to use it too much
and it just says to apply a thin layer
to clean skin gently massage in a
circular motion with wet fingertips to
polish with micro polishing aluminium
oxide powder leave on for three to seven
minutes there's someone at my law it's
not just kind of a flutter on and leave
it but I highly recommend it it's really
great if you want a mask but feel like
is doing something to your skin this
will and because it said pumpkin I was
really like oh this is going to smell so
like or to me and like but pumpkin
cupcakes I was wrong I mean it does a
little bit but it mostly just smells
like actual pumpkin not like pumpkin
spice goodness I'm going to do the next
two together because I feel like they
kind of go hand in hand although they
don't but it is a new toothbrush and a
new flosser I have one of these about
two years ago and this bit broke oh and
I just realized I literally probably
could have just bought a new head with
something broken it didn't work I
thought I just snapped this but I could
have replaced that so I don't know what
did we do I loved it and I was like I
need to get that slaughter again because
I really enjoyed it
this flosser is intense if you want to
feel like you've been to a hygienist you
need to use this toothbrush which is the
oral-b Braun some I don't know the
actual model of this but it was hard
price and Boots after Christmas so I've
treated myself to a new toothbrush I
feel like treating yourself to a new
toothbrush every January it's kind of
like you know what fresh start fresh
toothbrush I don't know I really don't
find new toothbrushes and I just back I
thought excited I am pretty different
I'm not used one like this before but it
got multiple different functions you
know but sensitive whitening all the
things but the main reason I was drawn
towards this is not just fitted it with
copper
because it was half price it was because
it came with a little like phone mouse
that you can put on your mirror and you
put your phone in it and this syncs up
with bluetooth so that it tells you when
you're pressing too hard and it gives
you a rundown of how long you need to do
your cheese and I don't know it's just
it's like a teach diary and I really
really like it granted I don't always
open the app every time I rush my piece
so so the app looks like I never brush
my teeth but I just love that it tells
you when you're brushing too hard which
weirdly I always do on this side never
this side just this side and at the top
which I didn't know before I have his
toothbrush though very useful and I like
this because it's basically how it works
is you filled it with water or mouthwash
I can to put muscles in there just
because I like my mouth to be all like
fresh and minty so I'll put ministry in
there eye watering stuff but it's great
for your mouth and your gums and your
teeth does anyone remember I remember
these in school because we weren't
allowed to Ingham but they had just
brought out those little tabs that you
put on your tongue and I used to keep
those in my pencil case I had Listerine
ones so whenever I was a bit like oh my
god I'm sonic sis boy and I don't want
bad breath so I'm going to flip myself a
little like this string tab how funny is
that and then no one would ever know
because it was just much dissolved on
your tongue little genius I don't even
know they're still around I haven't seen
anything in a really long time and you
press this button and you hold this on
your teeth and it shoots the Listerine
or mouthwash between your teeth so these
two things together I think have a made
my teeth whiter be made my mouth feel
more clean and see make you feel like
you've been to a hygienist every time
you use them so I mean this is kind of
bulky I have to say it's not like it's
not like normal dental floss but I think
personally this works a lot better
so I briefly mentioned in my previous
video how much
I have been loving in a Revlon Colorstay
makeup foundation makeup partition the
Revlon Colorstay foundation love it it
now in a pump love it love it love it I
got it on today I've been wearing it for
like the past few weeks I just really
like this foundation this one is for
combination to oily skin and I believe
you can also get it for normal to dry
skin or just normal skin and I don't
know I can't tell you what it is about
this that I love apart from that it's a
great foundation it's a great price it
blends really lovely they have a great
selection of shades and I would say it's
like a medium buildable coverage does it
feel drying lasts really well with
really like it I'm high support on how
much I liked it until I rediscovered it
in my makeup and I'll tell me clear out
so love you I've also been loving this
this is quite random but this isn't
Anastasia Beverly Hills a 2/3 brush I
got this on cult Beauty because it's the
sort of size brush that I really love
for highlights I have quite a small face
so quite a lot of blush highlight and
bronzer brushes are too big for certain
areas of my face things like this are
perfect for quite like precise blush and
highlight application or even contour to
be honest which is why I bought it and
now I swear by it it's just amazing it's
just that perfect size to do those three
things on my face eyeliner this is the
Stila stay all day waterproof liquid
eyeliner I haven't really been wearing
eyeliner much I don't know if anyone
even noticed but I used to do my little
cat eye quite a lot and I just stopped
doing it because I was really struggling
through the summer to find a eyeliner
that was easy to apply and laughed as
well they were either easy to apply and
within like three hours my afflicted
gone because my eyes are really watery
as I must have some reason or they were
just just didn't have great color payoff
I just feel like with a liquid
you want it to be really black and you
want it to stand out over any eyeshadow
or just I'm gonna make it easy to get
those like lines and use this with gel
liner because I'm just rubbish so I need
some sort of like felt tip applicator
when it comes to eyeliner so I saw this
one and I thought stay all day
waterproof though the two works I like
to hear
when we're talking about eyeliner so I
thought would give it a go and I loved
it it made me fall back in love with
liquid eyeliner I'm not going to say
this lasts all day if you have leaky
eyes I had a day of cry laughing
recently and has as you do how dare cry
laughing I did use one flick the other
one was fine I seem to have this eye
leak more than this one but considering
I had like proper tears coming out of my
eyes I thought it was really good and
actually if I didn't have watery eyes
this was definitely see me to the end of
the day another thing which I actually
showed in my last video is this which is
the Rimmel Born This Way brow sculpting
kit which isn't completely on it I
bought on a whim thinking yeah this
looks okay I want to see what kind of
the more high street shops can offer in
terms of eyebrows because I was quite
happy with the eyebrow product I was
using which was however in that video I
tried it on my eyebrows and I have been
using this on my eyebrows every day
since I love it it actually does dark
brown wax that I put in my eyebrows and
I just used a Mac two to six slanted
like eye brow eyeliner brush and I'll
dip it in the wax side of this and then
I put it through my brows I feel like it
offers a much more natural look it
doesn't feel as flat it kind of gives a
bit of shade gives a bit of dimension
makes the hairs how you want them to be
without having to use powder and then a
gel on top of that it's just the best
thing ever obviously use a dark brown
work for your eyebrows
you will not be sorry and it's product
I've been really enjoying is this one
which I actually have on my lips today
and this is the color pop hello cookies
as part of the Hello Kitty collection
the color pop did and it's the ultra
satin lip you know how much I love the
actual liquid lipsticks that color pop
do so I was really interested in trying
out the ultra satin lip because it's a
different formulation and this is in the
color Taichung it's very similar to
color that I love by color pop which is
Bianca it's that kind of mosey pinky
nude but quite dark I really really like
this but more importantly any of you
that don't like how drying liquid
lipsticks are you are going to love
these because the color payoff is just
as amazing they're just as easy to apply
but they don't feel as heavy and they
don't seem as dry I really really like
them I want more colors in the ultra
satin lip fragrance wise I've been
really liking this this is white peacock
Lily by DF and dergah and it's the Eau
de Parfum I couldn't tell you what notes
are in this because white peacock Lily I
mean is that flower ain't a peacock
that's for sure but what I can tell you
is it's fresh slightly floral quite
summery actually I feel like this would
be a really nice perfume but I loved it
like nothing I've ever felt before and I
quite like layering this with Jo Malone
sea salt and stage or wood stage and I
also really like to layer this with the
molecule a1 which is also one of my
all-time favorite perfumes and it just
smells really like light and like fruity
fresh floral it's probably mmm I would
put it like overly feminine though which
i think is why I like it because I'm not
really about the free smells and I don't
feel like this is that but it has those
sorts of notes in it but there's
something in it that doesn't
make it too overpowering and makes it
quite fresh which I really really liked
something else I've been loving is oh
this which is the morphe palette I think
you can get me from colt beauty that's
where I got mine from excuse all the
like dirty like foundation prints all
over it but this is the fall into the
forest I think that's what it's called
don't quote me on that I can't remember
and it doesn't have a written on here
anywhere 35s these palettes are actually
very very well priced there's such good
value for money and you get so many in
there there's a mixture of shimmery and
maps down this size really lovely
highlights or shades and basically every
color that I love to apply it to my eyes
right now which is why I've been loving
it so much and I have today when it
comes for eyeshadow I'm a bit of a snob
in a sense but I feel like if something
comes in a palette like this and there's
loads of eyeshadows and it's cheap the
quality isn't going to be as good as
your standard kind of nas twelve colors
or your Urban Decay which has like
between kind of fifteen to twenty colors
so I kind of assumed this wouldn't be as
good as it actually is I don't know why
I think it's because these sorts of
palettes remind me of when I was younger
it's amazing the pigmentation of these
eyeshadows is unreal like soul good I've
been wearing it like everyday for this
whole month more kind of lifestyle
things I have been loving this which
I've just ripped off my masters to-do
list of love if you guys don't need to
see that it is from Kiki K and as I
showed you in one of my blog I have a
kind of a little Kiki cayhall because I
love stationery and I are set with this
to do lift pad it says today on it and
then you've got kind of your rundown of
everything you want to do in the day I
like this because there's so many point
you're never going to run out space and
you've got the date then you've got top
priorities then you've got for tomorrow
and then notes and then a tiny little at
water-intake so you crush this off
during the day of how many glasses of
water you've had and I've been filling
one of these in out start of every week
with weekly tasks and then if I have
more kind of in-depth tasks for the day
I will also write those on here as well
and it's just been making me very
organized one other thing that I thought
I would show you is a little treat to
myself at Christmas or after Christmas
basically I didn't need it but at Ruth
the tree at the end of the day but I got
myself this little Gucci handbag Tania
has a red one and every time I feel with
it I'm like it's the perfect size
because it's not too big it's like big
enough that you can fit your wallet your
purse new camera your king is you can
fit everything in it but it's not too
huge and every time I see how much I
make it I need to make a mental note I
need to order on these bags at some
point because I absolutely love it I've
just been obsessed with it
it's very pretty it's great it's
practical and it was my little treat
that is everything I have been loving
through January and to be fair probably
mostly through December as well let me
know as always what you guys have been
loving in the comments and Twitter and
on Instagram I love to hear from you and
I really hope that you're going to be
having exploded week give it a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and I'll see you down
food
