hello everybody for today's video I
wanted to do something I haven't
actually ever done before but I thought
it would be very useful for you watching
and also I haven't done the makeup yet
today so I thought it would be nice to
film this it's been a while since I've
done a big old boot shop so I went into
boots the other day with poppy and I had
a proper look through all the different
beauty counters generally around beauty
shopping I'm in a rush or i nip in to
grab some tampons awesome shower gel and
I don't necessarily actually look at
everything that I really want to look at
so I actually made the time and probably
had a look at the beauty counters and I
had so much fun it really likes bark joy
within me and reminded me exactly why I
love beauty and makeup chirping so I'm
going to chat through all the bits and
pieces that I bought and try them out
for the first time on camera see it
first thing I picked up were some Real
Techniques brushes I love salmon
expresses they're incredible and I
specifically like this one which you
could only get in this kit
it's the contour brush I slip in love it
so I'm going to open these because I'm
actually going to use some of them to do
my makeup I loved having new brushes I
went a little bit overboard in
foundation because I had a bit of a
declutter through my makeup collection
the other day because I was watching
back my makeup collection video and I
was like it's definitely time for me to
clear some of that out so as I was doing
that I decided to throw away some of my
older foundations because I don't know
how long have happened for and I'm quite
aware that it's a liquid product that
has an expiry date
so although the Western Foundation
dinner that I absolutely loved I thought
I would replace them because I couldn't
be too sure how long I had them for and
I wonder no I don't want to put in any
like dirty grotty bacterial film gone
off
foundation on my face and I feel like
expiry dates on products is something
that you're not generally very aware of
because you're just kind of going to
your drawers every day and like pulling
out whatever it is you need so I picked
up two of my favorite high street
foundations and those are the Rimmel
match perfection
I am shade true ivory at the moment
because I'm very pale and also the
Rimmel lasting finish foundation and I'm
ivory in this one don't know why I
picked up two three different colors
maybe I wasn't really choose your which
show though was it absolutely love wool
save always from that another absolutely
love both of these foundations they are
by far my favorite foundations to get in
boots and Superdrug well I just find
they blend really nicely they have great
coverage they don't feel too heavy and
they last really well on me but make me
look kind of healthy this one is better
for kind of everyday use this one is a
little bit more heavy duty so maybe like
nights out or if you have a really long
day this one would be a great one to try
another foundation that I have been
loving at the moment is this which is a
Revlon Colorstay normal to dry in the
color ivory it was 24 hour wear it's a
really great foundation I'm really
enjoying using it and I picked up
another one because I was using the old
one from my foundation drawer and again
I was like I don't know how long I've
had this for so I'm going to go out and
replace them turns out they've now put
pumps on these I don't know how long
we've had pumps for but I was really
very happy with that when I saw it
because like yeah it is a pump because
before we have to kind of pour it out so
very happy about that think I may have
picked up a color that's way too like me
but I also bought another one which I've
been using as well which is slightly
darker the foundation that I'm excited
to try in this video though is the NYX
HD studio photogenic foundation which
I've not seen anyone try I just saw it
on the stand and I was like all this
looks interesting
it says it had light diffusing
ingredients that blur skin imperfections
and
create the appearance of smooth flawless
skin and I pick this up in the shade 101
nude doesn't say anything about the
coverage on the packaging though so
we'll soon find out
something smells weird I don't know if
it's a mixture of the foundation on a
new brush or not as a whole but
something smells weird okay this is
quite light coverage I'm having to build
this up quite a lot although it is
buildable I am able to build it hmm
this is hard because I like more
recovery than this and I feel like if I
was having a day of running errands or
nipping out I would be really happy with
this coverage on my skin because
although it's not covering imperfections
like I would normally like all that I'm
normally comfortable with it it's still
very like glowy and it does look healthy
and I honestly think it's a little sort
of person that doesn't need a lot of
coverage you might really really like
this I know that might be some of you
like you don't need to put any more on
but I just you know when you just know
you know now I'm you're going to put a
little bit on just to kind of cover over
a tiny bit more
okay now I've put a little bit of Rimmel
much reflection on top I'm feeling a
little bit more covered the next thing I
bought was a crap ton of concealers
because I am a concealer hoarder I get
through a lot of concealers it's that
one product that I love trying and
finding new favorites and so what I was
looking in Boots I was like hmm okay and
as I feel I haven't tried before so I'm
going to give them a go I also picked up
a few that I already know and love which
is the collection lasting perfection
concealer this stuff is incredible if
you do not have any of this I would
highly recommend trying it it comes in I
think like four different shades
I picked up fare and I also picked up
court medium I then also picked up my
favorite concealer for under the eyes
which is the bourgeois radiance reveal
concealer which corrects illuminates and
gives you 24-hour hydration I got that
in ot beige I also though picked up all
of these so I've got the Rimmel lasting
finish concealer corrector high coverage
because I love the foundation it hadn't
really ever occurred to me to try the
corresponding concealer and if I'm
completely honest I never use concealers
that come in like a hard kind of pop
form I more than likely reach for a
liquid concealer just because I find
they blend into my skin a little bit
easier I also picked up the
corresponding a concealer with my other
favourite foundation which was the
master section so I got this one which
is in ivory in it because two in one
skin tone adapting concealer and
highlighter contains vitamin C and E
wears up to 13 hours of quite claim so I
feel like Spanish signs of fatigue and
illuminate the eye area
oh I love the sound of this I also
picked up two Revlon Nana she is snoring
so loudly oh I'm sorry disappointed look
you got a little pain another concealer
I picked up with this one which is the
bourgeois concealer stick blurs and
corrects in ivory again I don't really
use sticks I use liquid this reminds me
of like the first concealer I ever
bought which was like in a stick form
like this and yet as I was saying I've
got the Revlon Colorstay concealers but
these look like such funny colors I
don't know if you're going to be able to
do that they have like a really weird
kind of like grey to them but yes that
is our book two of the same color
for the purpose of this video I'm going
to try this one on my face and this one
under my eyes this feels really weird to
be like doing it like this
okay now I've done that I'm going to
blend it apart I look funny Pat it in
okay
I've done that I actually think that
that's quite good I quite like it like
you can't really see where I put it and
it is a really high coverage and very
easy to blend I'm quite impressed with
that I have to say I am extremely fussy
with under-eye concealers and I already
kind of don't like that this has a brush
which I just didn't realize I don't
think I quite comprehend is that it
would have a brush going on the nice
color under the eyes actually okay I
look mental oh I hate you what's brush
I'm going to use this one this is the
one I love to blend concealer with this
is the Real Techniques contour brush
great for contour also great for
blending concealer I don't feel like the
coverage is as good as the collection
but it's definitely brightening like
it's definitely bright and underneath my
eyes I'm just going to put a little bit
of this here I think the collection one
works really well because it's slightly
pinky in tone which works great against
the darkness under your eyes but I feel
like those two together probably make
for a really great combination for under
your eyes I'm quite impressed with that
I bought my trusty Rimmel stay matte
long-lasting pressed powder in
transparent because I really like this
powder my other one just got really old
and cracked and broken so I bought a new
one which I use kind of on the regular
if I'm feeling particularly oily I feel
like I reached this a lot more in summer
next up I'm very excited about this I
picked this up this is the NYX highlight
and contour pro palette it reminded me a
little bit of the palette that I already
have which is the Anastasia contour kit
obviously this one is pricier but I mean
the difference is not a lot so I thought
I would give it a go which color should
I go for all there's some really good
like kind of earthy contour colors I
might go for this one actually okay I'm
really impressed if they're ah I love it
okay I like that that's good I'm going
to do a little bit of blusher which I
didn't actually buy any blusher from the
drugstore so I'm just going to use my
Becca one using the highlighter and I'm
going to put that on my cheekbones oh it
looks very shimmery Oh a little bit more
you can never have too much highlight
new down the nose on forehead or the
forage as my man likes to say yeah I'm
really happy with that I rate this
palette a solid like 9 out of 10 I think
the only thing that could make it a
little bit better is quicker color
payoff like you have to quite you kind
of have to do a lot of swirling but
actually not that much whirling so 9
after the next thing I picked up was a
new bronzer because I mean and then and
you can stop kind of justifying every
purchase I make I bought it because it
looked nice and I wanted it this is the
bourgeois maxi delight bronzer which
does have a little bit of shimmer so I'm
going to kind of do this sparingly oh I
definitely just stuck my nose in that
hopefully it will
we look a little bit more sunkissed
because doesn't everyone want to look
some kissed in July July its January I
meant to say January okay
yay I really like it that's nice
love I picked up this which is the
Rimmel brow this way a brow scope to
make it
well cute I don't know if this is
possibly too dark for me Oh dark brown
right okay do i do wax first or like
shall I do wax or powder videos some wax
see how this goes I have to say I
absolutely love that I really like it
I've just the wax and put any of the
powder end I always hold my breath when
I do my eyebrows huh and I don't realize
until I'm like why can't I breathe oh
yeah I'm holding my breath I really like
that it reminds me of when I first get
my eyebrows Kim kick and I feel like I
don't have to do anything to them
because there's that kind of background
color but I really really like that
whack holy crap I'm going to see like
how long it lasts through the day but I
just feel like it makes my brows look a
lot more natural I mean I know they're
darker but I don't know up close they
look so much more natural than they do
when I refill them with powder so I
really like that
next up for eyes I picked up this which
is the bourgeois color band ombre
eyeshadow and liner for 24-hour concert
waterproof non transferring and smudge
proof this is like everything proof to
be honest and I thought this would be a
nice like face so I shadowed
honestly it looks like I don't have
anything on my eyelids that's so
disappointing I thought it's going to be
such a pretty color I don't know you can
see but that's literally done nothing if
not put I mean there's a tiny gold Sheen
if you look closely but I feel like that
can be mistaken for like a consumer to
be honest not loving that at all
they do have it in other colors but
judging from the packaging I thought
this is going to be a reread for like
bronzy gold okay fine
wouldn't recommend that maybe try a
different color though maybe because
it's really light like maybe this would
look so beautiful on darker skin tones
but for me this is just look like my
skin color with a tiny bit of gold Sheen
I'm gonna carry on doing my eye shadow I
didn't buy any eyeshadows this came
around from the drugstore but I'm going
to use my morphe palette more feedmore
which I got from cult beauty I saw a pin
I love this palette it's beautiful I
think it's the falling to the forest
palette I'm just going to put some
shadow on nothing too fancy
boom next up I bought myself a liner
this is Z scandalize precision micro
eyeliner by Rimmel I feel like it it's
good the only I mean it does 24-hour
wear so I can test that the only thing I
would say is that I feel like I love how
short the nib is because it feels like
you can get closer to the line and it
feels like you have more control over it
however it does feel I don't know how to
explain it but when you feel like it's
drying up before you've even gotten to
finish one eye because it's going over
the eye shadow I don't know if you know
what I mean by that but like it just
feels a little bit like it drags the eye
and you have to keep going over a little
bit to get that color and it's not like
super light liquidy if that makes sense
which also makes the flicks look not as
defined because it kind of looks a
little bit dry I don't know whether I've
picked up a dry one because it didn't
have any like color tape or anything on
it so but the lines look a bit fuzzy I
don't know about that I'm currently
using estilo one and it's amazing so I
feel like I've been completely spoilt by
that going back to this I picked up two
L'Oreal mascaras because I just love
them this is the L'Oreal false lash
sculpt which I've used and loved and
raved about so I can't have another one
of those but this is new I believe this
is the L'Oreal Paris for Flash superstar
X fiber so I'm excited to try this
it's a step one is this side I'm
assuming this is the actual mascara
it quite defining like it regrets every
lash now for step two right this is kind
of like a curved brush I don't know
which step adds the fibers okay I don't
know if you can see that but my lashes
are quite big yeah
do you know what my lashes actually look
pretty big and pretty curly that's quite
cool the only thing I really don't like
is having two steps who's got time for
two steps do you know what I mean
honestly I like it because my eyelashes
do look big and like separated and
voluminous the only thing I just don't
like is having to do two layers like two
steps I'm just not about that I'm
actually looking at my eyelashes they
don't look like anything I can't achieve
with a mascara that I might already use
in like just one step okay the next
thing I picked up were two lip stick
clip liquid lipsticks not that I need
any more of these but I absolutely love
the NYX ones and I haven't seen these
before these are lip lingerie NYX in two
very beautiful colors I picked up the
push-up and embellishment and now I
don't know which one I'm going to put on
for this video by the crack at this one
this video for over an hour
you would never know because there's no
way you're watching an hour's worth of
footage but just let you know okay so
I'm going to put on a push-up
feels kind of moosie in texture but then
it dries matte which I really like oh I
like I really like that I have to say as
you apply it it does show up every bit
of dry skin on your lips so you might
have to give your lips a bit of scrub
before you use these but yeah I really
like that and the last thing I picked up
was this the NYX dewy finish
long-lasting setting spray okay it's a
very fine mist I'm happy with that does
anyone else get like mist anxiety when
you have to spray and mist on your face
Oh God bro okay I've sprayed hmmm
oh it is quite chewy I like it um and
then just because I'm going to show you
everything else they bought from boots
that I'm not putting on my face I picked
up a few set of lashes now I love these
ones but Fleur have with aiyla
they're Lee petit Fleur and Fleur these
are all 3/4 length
lashes because my eyes are quite small
whenever I put false lashes on I have to
cut them like I have to take a tiny bit
off the end with these though you're
like good to go and you never get like
that annoying bit that just doesn't
stick on the inside of your lash because
you only have to put them on the outer
third of your eyelashes so these are
brilliant I also got some of my ultimate
favorite lashes in the entire world
these are be my favorites 40 years and
they are the ardell demi wispies again I
feel like these are as big and they
don't feel as heavy on my eyes as well
or other lashes do so I really really
like these they're very pretty and every
fluttery I do have to chop a tiny little
bit off the end but they're just really
really great and these all come with
free geoblue I got some soft and gentle
two-in-one shower and shave mousse oh
the other day I was having a
conversation
with someone I don't remember who it was
actually and we were talking about
shaping legs and I was like oh I just
shaved my legs
no like sorry what up you just you don't
put anything on your legs before you
shave my face now sometimes I use a
shower gel sometimes I'm just in the
bath and I just think oh I should
probably shave my legs so I shaved my
legs now like wow I know I used to use a
shower gel and a shower mousse and I
don't anymore I don't know where it is I
need buy one so I went out and bought
one because I have to say it does make a
whole lot of difference when you shave
your legs with something on them like a
cream or even if it's like a bit of hair
conditioner you should have something to
clean your legs when you shave them
other way they under I and like you
could like a match on them literally
this is also pH balanced for intimate
skin gynecologists approved and up to 14
uses per can is this may leave a
souvenir
our perfect for bikini line shaving too
will there you go while we're speaking
of bikini lines and vaginas I got some
tampons how many of you are during these
are the ones they use I don't know I
just find these the best ones
it's my counsel of choice Oh hair
removal again this is the Nair nourish
natural argan oil ultra precision upper
lip kit you know that little like fuzzy
like she massage
yeah sometimes I don't notice it
sometimes I'm doing makeup in the Sun
I'm like holy crap you could plot that I
thought I had better use some hair
removal cream and I do find that hair
removal cream is much better if I use a
wax on my top lip I get box all like
bump so something like this is much much
better and this is for sensitive skin so
winner and the last thing I got are some
blonde hair fans
now I'm blonde and brunette there's like
a two-tone thing going on here so
sometimes my brown hair balls are
absolutely fine and sometimes I forget
that the majority of my hair is blonde
so I had to get the blonde one which
seems so weird but any time I gonna
shoot they will use the blonde ones and
I'm like oh yeah because the majority of
my hair is blonde that makes complete
sense so I got some bigger ones and then
some skinnier one so everything I got
from my massive message for and I really
hope you guys enjoyed this done a video
let me know if you want me to carry on
doing these anytime I find anything that
I think you might like or that I might
like to try and I that's it make sure
you're subscribed if you're not already
make sure notifications are turned on
and check out any of my other videos I
love you thumbs up our figures
