you ready ooh don't hide my gray top sky
I can't Alfie this video was gonna be
yourself
no no no then another man asked me out
ok you're you God did it only I was just
down I have something to tell you
oh it is a reactant hurry up then I was
just out there now like imagine if
various pranking me somehow that Joe was
hiding or something this whole day I was
gonna pretend to tell you I was pregnant
oh are you hello everybody today I am
joined with my boyfriend Alfie deyes my
eyelashes coming off isn't it for
today's video I thought it would be cute
for us to look at selfie edit because I
actually found a couple of these last
night and I was watching a few of them
and I was like oh I really think that I
actually be doing this with Alfie
because we've never sat down together
and watched any old footage we watch
individually we both watch a lot of our
old vlogs yeah but we never sit down and
reminisce over old times but also I feel
like fun edit better than just watching
back in old Zambia they get the best bit
you know what I mean yeah and also this
has been really highly requested for a
number of years if you think about it
some of these clips were from 2012 ya
know it's that change your life nice
some of them are from 2012 they'll be
through the years
okay ready I look about new well Omega
gun thanks the videos right there
ah great wasn't this is one thing
everyone goes nuts about and I don't
even like think about it everyone always
says my orgy pictures oh my god the way
LT looks at Zoe and I'm just looking you
in the most normal way ever I just read
like well so much slow Mowgli is like me
okay sorry you have changed so much I
look exactly the frickin same except my
hair is more blonde and shorter I'm
shorter do you not think or do you think
I've Ches like alright so hit like that
not even look nothing like that I feel
like I'm now with someone completely
different to them hopefully
oh no videos then this happened happen
Oh Jim revealed about me Yoga doc it's
not more have I deep talking over the
top ah remember that yeah I remember
that
I meant all of these things like it was
yesterday what am I wearing
what was I wearing Oh
snitcher oh no even sad but it's like
that it's plain happy clips but it's bad
oh my gosh right let's look let's click
on no one I want to watch this one
zombie their journey okay
their journey four minutes Charlie like
only like a couple there was a car do
you remember how ill I was when we
filmed these videos yeah you would slide
sneaker I was so ill that was when you
slept in my bed and we didn't vlog that
or anything like that at all yeah your
mother without logging back there and
that's so weird is that the gentleman I
am i transept in this bedroom he
actually did spare room with that for me
but with my parents out
we were watching blue planet mmm like I
felt so ill and I was like I can't move
and I she was like you sleep in my bed
and are sleeping now you fell asleep in
my bed every night yeah you fell asleep
in my bed whilst we were watching it
just in that Chilean like completely we
were just friends here but yeah we're
just friends watching it jabo sitting on
the bed and you fell asleep because
you're feeling really ill and then I
will go up and or maybe I didn't wake up
at 21 or we're going to spare bedroom do
you know what's so funny is I remember
as well I'm so nice man
I had never met poppy before so the
first time I met poppy was the next
morning when she just I was still in bed
and her insurance like came in
do you remember they were just like hi
yeah because I was in the other so when
you came into it
everyone just kind of came in like four
in it yeah and I was like hi and I
wasn't the best I'm at poppy and I was
really like a wet I had no makeup on
like sat in your bed and it felt really
awkward cuz I was like I hope she knows
you slept in the spare room because this
is weird
you're just a booty call it's got over
ah how do you have no bit
how are my teeth like so much look at my
hair like ripping each other like look
at my hand I'm wearing what you have no
beard you've got water cheese well we
together without going together I don't
know anyway official between us so it
would have been really weird to say or
to not say you know I mean we wouldn't
be cute together we're not going to get
married I really hope your best man oh
oh is that we be disgusting together
there's no we're never going to get
married we're never good
don't worry that'd be so funny my
girlfriend you know respond I know I did
read that isn't it crazy how much my
life to get that online so much isn't
what would I ever remember because I
don't watch these back then add water
like that makes me think how much time
is actually off
come on Clyde okay why we made that
video did I look like an asshole why
that was amazing videos on my second
channel with me and news and we've moved
ahead at the state of me oh why didn't I
like you know why not make a Bob Lucas
be my eyes and it's disgusting ah oh
look at Nala got my hair what is up with
that there's like a village you've got a
combing climb straight through here ah
tree hair out terrible style absolute
hammer style I'm wearing a pink flavor
look at the pan do you think we spend
too much time in bed all of this place I
think I know what it is is because
because if you're making selfie edits
they're like the cutest ones of a coven
and more because we're about to see if
we were like out and about doing
something it's not often we both in shop
together do you know naaa oh yeah you've
got such long teeth don't you I've got
really short rubbish teeth your teeth
along okay literally you want to say
little iOS a little baby I hate start is
to either humans my job or any job
yesterday it was terrible Oh Michael
Nikki might not remember there
whole garage any mail tyranny what
okay guys holding my need a single might
happy note you hit me yay
so you can you behind you just know I
don't believe done that when you get no
I can't believe that honey yeah yeah
like a Kelly pinhead life why we know we
have to does react under our my daughter
more busy
you're lucky idea you're nothing you are
lucky you are lucky sure especially with
my skin looks I got no kata
I've got no Jeff oh my god you actually
don't have any chest hair look at me
oh oh why do you push me
to see this this is the great come now
oh gosh your mouth already
oh if there's ever a time I've got cold
mitt I just make you do that that was
amazing
- yup oh it smells like burning like it
actually just brought my hand right
let's end the video shall we say giving
is so to you all this video clip like
how many like moments have been capture
on camera
smokey why arrive yeah there are so many
major memories that we can look back on
you very much and also how cute that
people make per minute I think it's
really nice well what a treasure for
your long teeth and also just like how
many cool things we've got to do
together and like what nothing not
forgotten about what an amazing like
five years we've had high five no I
trust you
high five after these five years of that
not got it so I really hope you guys
enjoyed this video make sure to give it
a thumbs up if you did and if you want
us to let's try and get half a million
likes no it's that is ridiculous why
five hundred thousand
yeah that's ridiculous about likes and
then Zoe gets to wax my chest hair I
like when I would love that I would just
I would like and I leave a comment and
subscribe
make sure to check out the out I'll
leave this link in the description box
and if you want any of those fun at it
okay little I of them and pretense if
you haven't made any cuz we do love to
watch them and we love you very much
thank everyone who made the ones that we
watching this yeah thank you so much
right and love you very much and we'll
see you again very soon right
actually many who myself cooking up
matter I think this person really
