hello everybody today I am going to be
showing you my current makeup storage
and collection I'm not going to bother
doing a disclaimer because as you guys
know I get sent a fair few things which
is so so lovely and also I buy too much
so that is why I have a lot of makeup
this video has been really highly
requested since my last one which I
believe was around two years ago now
maybe yeah two years ago so I think it
is very overdue I'm going to be taking
you through all my makeup drawers and
sharing with you some of my favorite
bits and pieces and I hope you enjoy it
first thing you'll notice is the set of
drawers I feel like everyone and their
mum has these drawers I know so many
people who love them and use them and
these are actually from Urban Outfitters
you can get a lot in there but not too
much and you don't kind of get over
flooded with makeup items which are
quite like them first drawer we have
here is foundations not going to lie
this is the messiest drawer I have
because I find foundations really hard
to organize there's just no good way of
doing it some are too tall some are an
odd shape some don't stand up at all so
at the moment I've just thrown them all
in but I will talk you through a couple
of my favorites first favorite is this
one which is Tarte rainforests of the
sea I absolutely love this foundation
its water-based and it just gives a
really nice coverage I also really like
that the way to apply it is with a
really huge dropper it's just really
good another of my favorites which is
better if you're on a budget is the
Rimmel match perfection you guys know
how much I love this foundation it's
kind of my go-to if I'm not really
loving the foundation that I'm wearing
I'll always go back to this one and
because it's such a good price you can't
go wrong another favorite that I have a
backup of because I am always running
out
it's my trusty NARS sheer glow I don't
have anything more to say on it because
I feel like I've bored you all with the
reasons that I love it so it's just a
really great foundation so I feel like I
have a really good mixture of shades
coverages for summer for winter
different effects whether it's kind of
more glowy or a bit more matte are
pretty much for everything
here but I could ever need and more next
one is one that I love so much this is I
palette specifically smaller eye
palettes so have two for palettes
because I just have so many and I'm
going to say palettes one more time
palette these ones are kind of smaller
more handbag size travel size friendly
all two really big ones that won't fit
in here I've got the NYX or NYX ultimate
shadow palette a really nice selection
of Tanya burr palettes in fact I think I
have all of Tanya's eye palettes I love
them this is my NARS duo in is old which
are some of the most beautiful shades
for autumn a little bit gross because
I've had it's so long oh I love these
these are the Too Faced palettes this
one which is one of my absolute
favorites this is the peanut butter and
jelly palette which is beautiful and it
smells of peanut butter and jelly
because why not and then this one which
I use a lot which is natural eyes just
has some really nice very neutral shades
in it I reach for that one quite a lot
the next drawer is also a drawer but I
am obsessed with because it houses my
liquid lipstick so you guys know how
much I'm obsessed with liquid lipsticks
I feel like I've loved them for a while
but this year there's been a lot a lot
of different brands bringing out a lot
of amazing new ones so this is where
they all live as you can see this is
completely full of different brands and
different colors I do have some form of
structure to this this is generally the
side where I keep my kind of more pinks
and nudes I have some Tanya burr matte
lips this is in Martha mu which is one
of my faves I love it
I also absolutely love these these are
the Too Faced melted matte liquefied
matte long-wear lipstick which is like
the biggest tongue twister in the world
these are amazing I pretty much live in
these so this one is in sell out I also
have
where are all my others probably in my
handbag another brand that absolutely
got for liquid lipsticks is color pop I
could rave about these all flippin day I
absolutely love them they're just really
long-lasting they're not too drying and
they have some really amazing colors I
also absolutely love these which are the
NYX liquid suede lipsticks these are
great they're not as long-lasting but
they're also not as drying and I just
feel like they have a really nice
consistency so I've got quite a few of
those and I've got a couple of lip
glosses at the back I've got a Kylie
gloss in so cute very milky and I've got
some Tanya burr lip glosses in the top
left hand corner I also have some
metallic lip colors I've not been able
to pull these off successfully yet or
have I I think they look really cool but
I'm still a little bit undecided so I've
just got a little corner for those
because I can't bear to throw them away
just yet
these are my big eye palette so I have
quite a selection we've got Urban Decay
Naked palette it's some Too Faced
palettes this is one of my personal
faves is the Too Faced sweet peach
palette really nice shades I also have
my Mac palette I have two this one is
completely full and this one I still
have two more to fill and I don't know
how I haven't filled it yet but I don't
really reach for these as much as I used
to I feel like I fallen in love with
other eyeshadows more than Mac ones but
I can't bear to part with these because
there are still days when I need a Mac
would winked on my eye I have a couple
of steal of palette actually this one
I've had for a while this is just the
natural eyes eye shadow palette but I
really love Stila eyes shadows
especially kitten which is this one I
actually have it on today they're just
very soft and very creamy and very easy
to blend so if you're looking for
something like that stealer has some
really great ones this is also a stealer
palette little bit of an upgrade I think
they decided that the cardboard
packaging was not very long-lasting
but again just really lovely neutral
shades you'll notice within my makeup
collection that I don't tend to steer
away from neutral eyeshadows all that
much I do have a couple of palettes that
have some more kind of out there colors
like some of the Urban Decay palettes
are amazing for like really bright
vibrant colors but I don't tend to use
them as much though I stick to what I
know and love which is generally a brown
or a beige or a taupe I also have a NARS
palette NARS eyeshadows again are some
of my favorites I absolutely love them
this is a narcissist palette it has a
really nice array of oh my goodness
neutral shades also worth noting Too
Faced chocolate bar palettes are amazing
they smell chocolate and have some
really nice pretty shades in there as
well lipsticks embarassingly this is not
where I house all my lipsticks most of
my lipsticks are in my vanity but this
is where I like to keep my lipstick
crayons mostly color pot now as I
mentioned color pop do amazing liquid
lipsticks they also do really amazing
lipstick crayons or as they like to call
them lippie stix handbag friendly looks
like a highlighter really long lasting
really amazing and they have them in
every single shade you could possibly
imagine which I seem to have in this
drawer all tiny little handbag sized
ones but are the cutest thing I have
ever seen you have on one side a tiny
little lip liner and on the other side
the actual lipstick crayon also on this
side I have some other brands I have
this one which you guys know I
absolutely love through the summer which
is the word about beauty lip pencil duo
in Fionna loved that again it has a lip
pencil on one side and then the lip
crater on the other NARS do amazing lip
crayons this one is in the shade
dragongirl which is a really gorgeous
red I also have a new range actually by
sleek which are their power plump lip
crayons in lots of different shades this
one looks pretty very burst ooh I like
the sound of him got
couple of Burberry ones in there as well
for if you love high-end goes on and on
next draw is highlighters and contour
kits all this one's heavy
there is a lot of contour and highlight
goodness in here mineralize skinfinish
soft and gentle classic highlighter very
pretty
I've used this a lot I feel like this
could be my third one or really pretty
bronze goddess highlighter which I
actually haven't used possibly forgot
this existed through the summer but
let's tell you that it's pretty got some
here contour and highlight sticks by
color part and these ones are Becca
hourglass do the most amazing
highlighters you will ever see this
one's incandescent strobe light this
just looks amazing on your cheekbones
Becca also do some really nice
highlights this one's actually a cream
one I'm still undecided on whether I
really like cream products whether
that's cream blush cream bronzer or
cream highlighter but I do have a couple
but you will notice I really don't have
a lot of cream products in here this is
basically what I've been living in it's
my Becca Jaclyn hill palette you've all
seen it before amazing we've got the
Anastasia contour kit which I love I
also use this pretty much daily I like
to use these two colors here bit of
contour on the old cheekbones that's
what I've gone for today Kiko James Reed
hourglass again so beaut look at that oh
this is the ambient lightning edit all
tap does anyone remember how much I used
to use this this is amazing look at
those highlighting powders they're so
pretty love that I feel like I've got a
really great selection of everything
you'd need to contour and highlight in
their blushes so this looks a little bit
more organized we have some benefit this
is actually a Christmas collection a
while back actually
cheeky sweet spot is a little tin house
which is just the cutest thing ever and
it has all the benefit blushes in it so
very useful and it means I don't have to
have them all individually
NORs again amazing blushes in palette
got kind of all the ones that most
people like and they're these are my
favorite packaging of all time and these
are the Too Faced blushes and they
remind me of little Polly Pockets and I
think that's why I love them so much
even if I didn't like one of the shades
I couldn't get rid of it because all of
them together just looks cute I wish
more packaging look like this they have
tiny little rabbits on them and they
look so cute also really liked these
baked ones by Too Faced
they're kind of more of a highlighter
and a blusher all-in-one but they're
also very pretty
some jooa some Kiko Charlotte Tilbury
Urban Decay an hourglass love these ones
but again they're a bit more on the
shimmery side though it completely
depends on what you liked one cream
shadows this draw is actually not really
that soul I mean it's full enough but I
thought it would be a bit more RAM pack
I've got some really brightly colored
color pop ones which I'm not really too
sure what I'm going to need them for but
it's that sort of product where if
you're doing like a Halloween look or
you're going to a fancy dress you're
going to be like where's my bright
orange and the answer is in the cream
shadow draw alongside the blue the
purple the yellow the green and the
white and also some more wearable shades
like this one which is get paid and
that's a really pretty kind of coppery
shimmery color which is very nice if
you're going to use it for a base under
eye shadow also have quite a few of the
by Terry ombre
black star shadow sticks this is one of
my faves this is brown perfection I have
used this so many times in videos and
just generally day to day
I like these when I'm trying to be
really quick so I'll just smear this all
over my eye and blend
with a two and seven by Mack and I think
it looks like you've made a lot of
effort when you haven't got a couple of
Burberry ones in there as well I also
really like the Charlotte Tilbury color
chameleons they're great they target
these two specific eye colors which i
think is really cool although I use ones
for all the different eye shades and I
don't think it really matters too much
I've also got some estee lauder parts
some Charlotte Tilbury and I have two
little pots of glitter in case I fancy
going all out with a bit of glitter onto
the bronzes a little bit more organized
got big ones at the back like this one
which is by Marc Jacobs which I just
think looks amazing actually haven't
used this yet but I'm very excited to I
have really of the Clarins summer ones I
love when they bring these out I think
they're amazing they're so pretty inside
and also I find Clarins get the colour
of bronzer really spot-on I also have
quite a lot of the two-faced bronzers
because they are matte and although it's
quite nice and so much have a bit of
Sheen and a bit of gold shimmer in your
bronzer it is nice also to have some
matte alternatives and I find that
two-faced have quite a good range of
different matte bronzer shades so I
think I've got about three in here
hourglass this is ute I lived in this in
the summer this is radiant bronze in
light and it's so pretty
we've got a benefit some wire sell and
my trusty L'Oreal on two primers now
this looks a bit of a mess too but
you're just kind of throwing it all in
there I don't tend to use primer too
much which kind of is a bit baffling
considering I have so many in here I
also have some like CC creams and things
in here as well we've got two-faced
hangover primer benefit Porefessional
which I know is a hit with quite a lot
of people lots and lots of primers false
nails I mean what is there to say about
false nails apart from that these are
the ones that I have for emergencies or
when I feel like I hate my nails
so I can either put some plain ones on I
like these ones elegant touch totally
bare square and then I can paint them
any color I want I also keep my top
coats and like base coats in here as
well and a viewer actually sent me these
which are Christmas nail sweets
it says Christmas nail sweets so I can
string these up by Dale's how cute lay
extras I really don't have much in here
I've got a bourgeois nail polish remover
which actually is amazing you kind of
stick your finger in it and rub it
around and then your nail polish comes
off it also seemed to have some
glow-in-the-dark body paint with a tiny
little torch I mean if the occasion
occurs I also have some henna tattoos
and some of these by Lottie London
festival gems that you can put above
your eyebrows which i think is so cool
and that's it in the extra-strong I've
got more space nails I actually recently
organized my nail drawer I think you'll
be quite impressed we've got some neons
by nails ink and any nail polish where
the lid was upright
I couldn't necessary see the colour
unless I was going to kind of go down
I've put a little bit of the nail polish
on a white sticky label and stuck it on
top so I can really easily see what I
want and grab it without having to kind
of route through too much useful little
tip a couple of my faves this one Smith
and Colt beautiful glitter oh my god is
amazing it's called Vegas got some Opie
eyes this is called no doubt about it
very bright very cool we've got some
nice nudes this one is by models own and
it's called dare to bear very pretty
that's my nail polish draw lashes
it's just what it says it is
it's them lashes we got some Tanya burr
individuals the lower lashes Euler
Ardell
I actually really like our doll false
lashes I also really like the ardell
demi whispies as well they're really
great kiss lashes are also some of my
faves RiRi like those and there's some
kind of more fun ones and flicky ones
and your eyelash glue last one
brushes and odd bits and pieces so
you've got some extra large cotton wall
pads these are the best thing you could
ever buy never buy small ones never buy
cotton wall balls always go to the baby
section and buy the extra large ones
because just trust me they're the best
got some nail files and this is where I
keep all my spare brushes so these ones
are all clean and it means that if I
need to clean my brushes I can come here
and get clean ones this is my vanity
unit or makeup table if you will this is
actually a G plan I've got this on eBay
I believe I just wanted something that
looked a bit more retro and I really
really loved it much to Alfie's absolute
dismay because I don't think he's the
biggest fan of it but I love it and it
houses a lot more of my makeup and this
is where I actually do my makeup I've
got my makeup brushes here I brushes in
one face brushes in the other and
another little mirror for up close with
some hand sanitizer and hand cream a
little candle this top drawer houses all
my lipsticks and all my lip liners there
are a lot of things in here as you can
see lipstick is my complete weakness I
have a lot of it not even sorry about it
I've done the same thing that I did with
my nail polish and I put little swatches
of the lipstick colors on top and I like
to see what I've got when I'm trying to
decide what lip color to have that day
got quite a selection of different
brands of lipsticks that I really like I
really like Urban Decay Smashbox Rimmel
got some YSL Charlotte Tilbury and
couple of Mac my Mac collection has
shrunk quite massively over the years
I've got quite a selection of different
lip balms in here and then some lip oils
and lip treatments at the back and then
I've got my lip liners colour-pop liners
are amazing as our REM really liked
their lip liners they're really great
basically anything you need for your
lips is in this drawer this one has
everything for my eyes and eyebrows so
we've got a little tray of mascaras my
absolute favorite is the Maybelline lash
sensational I flip in love this mascara
so much I have some of these new ones by
YSL this one's like a glittery navy blue
it's really really pretty I don't know
what I'm gonna wear it but I quite like
it I've got some new ones I haven't
tried yet so I've got this crk one which
is called Wonder wand also love this one
which is the l'oreal false lash sculpt
this is a really great mascara in the
next tray I have my liquid liners so I
have L'Oreal Too Faced tart and then
just a couple of gels I don't tend to
use gel liner much but I have an urban
decay one and a new one in there all
these are back here are color pop single
eyeshadows really like them this one is
called Hot Tamale glow it in this one
I've got everything for my brows so
we've got a benefit browsing my Mac quad
which to be honest is what I tend to
reach for I mix these two together to
form the correct shade my brows
maybe brow drama Anastasia brow pomade
this looks good I haven't tried this
year and just a selection or pencils
down the side as well I've also got
another couple of kind of individual
shadows around here and my eyeshadow
primer
we've got too faced shadow insurance and
the Urban Decay primer potion these are
my go-to eyeshadow primers also have all
my pencils in here pencils that is that
drawer okay love straw is this one the
one underneath to be honest is full of
empty makeup bags and no one wants to
see that so this one has my powders and
my concealers and correctors I've got my
infamous NARS sheer glow absolutely love
this foundation as I mentioned I also
have all my concealers down the side I
tend to collect concealers because I'm
still the hunt for the perfect under-eye
concealer I think I've come close with
the radiance revealed by Bourjois this
is amazing under your eyes I absolutely
love it
but also my trusty lasting perfection by
collection is just brilliant absolutely
love it the blemishes though Urban Decay
Naked skin is so good if you've got a
spot or blemish or a scar or you've got
something that you want to cover up this
will 100% do it it's really really good
so I would highly recommend that I also
have some other brands like Kat Von D
NARS Charlotte Tilbury but these are the
ones I tend to reach for the most we
have some correctors got the Bobbi Brown
corrector this is in the shade extra
light bisque and we also have a pixie
one as well haven't used this one yet
but it looks really really nice then
there's a couple of the Urban Decay
color correctors I don't really know how
to correct my skin tone well when I try
and use these I legit look green so I
have quite mastered that yet but one day
I've got them in case anybody else comes
to use my makeup and knows how to use
them anyway what quite a selection of
powders I love the hourglass powders
this is the ambient lighting powder in
luminous light often mistaken for a
highlighter the
it is quite glowy but I really really
like that also got this quite recently
this is the Kat Von D translucent
setting powder this stuff is amazing I
highly recommend that I quite like
mineral setting powder I think for a lot
of people it's a bit messy in a bit kind
of all over the place
I really like it I do also have some
compact ones I have this one by
Charlotte Tilbury which I really really
like this is the airbrush flawless skin
in number one fair and that's pretty
much it in this drawer I kept it
basically concealer and powder and then
we've got a little tangle teezer just in
case so there we go
that is my makeup collection I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video make
sure to give it a thumbs up if you did
and subscribe if you haven't already and
I'll see you again very soon bye
