looks like I'm wearing black lipstick
it's actually dark purple hello
everybody so for today's video I wanted
to do something a little bit different a
little bit more relaxed I wanted to use
this day before the 24th so the 23rd to
just sit down and chat with you about
the year and just to say thank you
really
because I'd scheduled quite a lot of
these Christmassy videos and I did this
last year and I remember thinking before
it was Christmas I'd already pre filmed
a video and I hadn't really said Merry
Christmas or you know have a great day
or you know have a great new year or
anything it was just kind of a video of
me and Jo that we do every year on
Christmas Eve but I didn't really get to
chat to you so that's what I wanted to
do in today's video I feel like 2016
went by so quickly I feel like I blinked
and it went
it's been an incredible year for so many
different things but it's also been a
deeply saddening year in other areas but
I am so optimistic and happy and I feel
so positive about 2017 I've already made
a list of things I would like to achieve
or I would like to work on and I thought
would be nice to start the conversation
off in the comments of this video
discussing all the things you want to
work on change or start doing in 2017
quite a lot of the time I find New
Year's resolutions really difficult to
stick to because I set the bar really
high and before I know it I failed it
already I don't really ever set big
goals they're always very little and
most of them are personal goal because
I'm quite happy with all the big
projects I've worked on I've done so
many amazing things this year I'm so so
lucky I've done some incredible shoots
I've met some incredibly creative people
that have really inspired me and
motivated me and I've gotten to meet so
many of you guys out and about which is
always so lovely
and I've also got to bring out new
product ranges and my book got released
and me and Joe work together on
something which is so nice because
obviously we're both in this together
but quite a lot of the time it's very
individual and that's the same for me
and Alfie and me and all my friends you
know we all do this and it's also fun
but it's always very like you kind of
work on your own stuff so it was really
nice to get to do the sub life merch
with Joe that was like one of my
highlights there's just been so many
great things um in the kind of zoella
category that I've been really happy
with but I always struggle to think of
goals within that category because with
what I do it's so unpredictable you know
there's so many things that just come
out of nowhere and so many crazy
opportunities and different projects but
I mean even two years ago I would never
have even thought these things would be
where they are so it's really hard to
set myself those kind of goals and I
feel quite happy and content with where
everything is at the moment so for me
2017 is working on me I've decided to
call it a year of self-love which raised
a few eyebrows whenever I mentioned it
to anyone because they were like that
sounds like something completely
different
which I get but that's not the vibram
going down that's not what I'm trying to
say basically I want to take the time to
focus on me more because I feel like the
year went so quickly I didn't really
focus on myself as much as I would have
liked I also want to travel a little bit
more and you know focus on friendships
relationships and really make it like a
year of Zoe do you know what I mean yeah
just a year of me I'm gonna be so
selfish I'm not gonna be that selfish
but I'm gonna allow myself more time for
myself so that is what I felt myself I'm
gonna do I feel like in 2016 I really
grew in terms of not giving a crap it's
so difficult within this
industry I guess industry I still feel
like it's a hobby but there you go it's
quite hard to feel really confident in
every decision you make every video you
upload every blog post you put up you
want to be a hundred percent happy with
everything you do well I do personally
because I'm such a creative
perfectionist and it's so easy to listen
to the people whispering in your ear
you've got to be doing this and for a
while I feel like those little kind of
whisperings took over and when I went
away out on holiday to Mykonos I made a
vlog when I got back and I was like I'm
just not going to care anymore I'm not
going to care if my vlog is 30 minutes
or it has nothing interesting in it I'm
not going to care if I've if I've had
the most boring day and that's what I
chose to upload I just want to be happy
with everything I post and I am and I
can be 100% confident and happy when I
say that when I hit publish on a blog
post or tweet and Instagram a video I
want it to be published and I think that
has really improved my confidence it's
improved my overall well-being and
happiness and I think ultimately that
also helps me to create things I really
love and that for me I think has been
one of the biggest things of 2016 is
just not caring anymore
I'm just staying true to myself doing
what I want to do saying what I want to
say you know it's like it's so easy to
feel suffocated by the things people are
telling you you should be doing just
that them away and I'm hoping to carry
that on into 2017 with any other
projects or kind of creative things that
I choose to do whether that's a vlog of
me sitting in my pajamas for half the
day or whether that's a really cool
photo shoot that I do with someone you
never know I don't generally get very
excited for a new year I don't know why
I think it's just kind of like another
year over here we go again
what's this year gonna be
I feel like I'm not that optimistic when
it comes to like the new year because I
feel like I have no control I don't know
what I'm doing but this year is
different because I have got organized
I've scheduled my time I planned more
I've given myself certain days to
certain things I'm basically getting my
art in gear and getting motivated and
organized and scheduled and I think that
is going to make a huge difference to
how I spend my day and how I run like my
business side of things and any of my
free time I just think it's going to be
really great there's already a lot of
exciting things for next year in the
pipeline which I can't wait to share
with you guys but the purpose of this
video was mostly just to get chatting
about things that you really want to
achieve next year for me to give you a
little bit of a confidence booster
sometimes resolutions are made to be
broken but it doesn't matter as long as
everyone is trying doing things they
love make the most of it because it goes
so flippin quickly I also just want to
take this opportunity in this video to
say thank you so much just for being the
best viewers the best readers the best
supporters you guys are such a massively
positive influence on my life you keep
me motivated you're so inspiring I love
meeting you I love hearing your stories
and you guys are what make me get up
every day and make these videos and I
love doing it so thank you so much for
being there whether you've been there
for two weeks or you've been there for
the whole seven years I love you all
very very much and I really do want the
best for all of you I want you to have
an amazing Christmas whether you
celebrate it or not I want you to have a
lovely day I'd also like to wish you all
a very very happy new year make it what
you want to roll with it there's going
to be highs there's going to be lows but
we're all in this together and I'm so
excited for it enjoy the video tomorrow
with Joe is really quite funny and I
will see you in the new year
don't freak out if I don't upload a
video for a couple of weeks the sort of
Christmas in January
that time is where I like to completely
like D come like decompress the year get
back onto schedule clear my head after
filming two videos a day I will see you
in January with lots more exciting
things I can't wait
thank you so much for supporting me and
sticking by me it really does mean the
absolute world to me
bye guys
