hello everybody in today's video I'm
doing something with a slightly
different style this is definitely a lot
more of the sort of style that you would
find on my vlog channel which is more
zoella where I have been doing vlog with
bluffers vlogmas this month so if you
want to catch up on everything i've been
doing up until this very point of
december and i'll leave a link in the
description so today's video is a bit
different because i want to take you
around my house and show you all the
little festive touches that i have done
this year which aren't all that
different from last year but you guys
really like seeing it and it's the sort
of video that I really love to sit and
watch and so that is what we're going to
do first on the agenda is our main
Christmas tree in the living room which
we have here which we went and got from
a place near Brighton called wilderness
woods and it's a real tree because you
just can't beat the smell of a real
Christmas tree are you naked under that
very Christmas this is my tea towel oh
you do have fat on under that right oh
my god the decorations on this tree are
all from the white company because they
just do the most gorgeous decorations
look we've got some of those these ones
are very pretty the Bell some snowflakes
glass ones some ceramic ones some little
pom-poms this one I love love I like
that it sort of hides gaps in the tree
and yeah that is the main Christmas tree
and I love it this is something that I
bought last year but our Christmas tree
stand was too big so we couldn't put the
truck around it I don't know whether
this is the tackiest thing I've ever
bought or the best thing I've ever
bought and I've got a sniffily dog next
to me so I'm sorry for the sniffing but
this train goes around the track yay
couple of little festive bits over on
our chair we've got the baby it's cold
outside
cushion which was from Asda very cute
and they let it snow cushion which has
lights in it from Marks and Spencer
these super fluffy ones or from home
scents this is essentially a chair of
cushions which is so impractical but so
comfy this candle we've got on our
coffee table is from next home and it's
their festive spy scandal this is huge
this is an 80-hour burning candle and
we've I mean it's doing all right
actually it's just one of my favorite
smells at Christmastime so we have this
huge candle and we also have a reed
diffuser upstairs in the same scent felt
like it was also worth mentioning this
throw which me and Alfie have lived in
since kind of end of October early
November and it's from Marks and Spencer
and it's just this huge big throw that's
so soft and so thick and so cozy if you
want to spend the evening on the sofa
watching a Christmas film the
mantelpiece which i think is always so
festive
we've got Merry Christmas bunting which
is this kind of quite cool like copper
letters and that was from home scents I
also got these berries from home scents
and we've got those in a tulle copper
pot they look like they've got like rain
on them I really like them candlesticks
are from the white company and then
we've got a garland across the top just
with some fairy lights in
it and some big copper baubles from West
Elm I bet you can lick see me in these
we also have this really cute stocking
this is from where was that from John
Lewis last year I think it's like huge
big pom-poms I really like it this is a
snowman from my Pinterest DIYs I
couldn't bear to get rid of him he's
just too cute so we've kept him on the
mantelpiece and there you go from far
away I feel like even though this isn't
a real fire I feel like this is such a
cozy element of the room and especially
at Christmas because with all the lights
and the candles it's just so cozy I had
this on the radiator last year but this
is dried fruit so if any of you have
never done this before or ever bought
these or seen these anywhere I would
highly recommend it this smells like
Christmas it smells amazing doesn't it
Nala you demonstrating is it one of your
favorites
I just quite like laying this on the
radiator because it just makes the
radiator look a little bit more
attractive but because of the heat it
kind of like warms the room with the
scent of Christmas and it's just the
best so there you go we've got the tree
the Train the cozy chair the big old
throw which after I film this video I'm
definitely going to get under moving
into the kitchen underneath our clock we
have this which is a song that I bought
last year from Marks & Spencer it's just
really nice it looks like chalk on a
chalkboard and it says it's the most
wonderful time of the year and I just
like that all the fonts are different
and it's quite handwritten it looks
really cute next up is the kitchen
windowsill I've got these cute little
mice this one has a him buck this one is
carrying a bell but this candle holder
from home scents which I really really
like it's just got lots of red berries
on it and you can stick three candles in
although I only ever stuck one in I
didn't buy any for the other side so
that was a bit silly I should have done
that and then we've also got another
little mouse with a bell in his hand
here candle on the go this is fresh
balsam
I bath and Bodyworks smells amazing and
then these lights were from the white
company and they're sort of I don't know
how to explain them but they sort of all
fan out from one point which I'm really
quite liked over here which i think is
one of my favorite little spots in the
house is the kitchen Christmas tree
which I am obsessed with I love these
tall slender trees because you can find
any area of your house whether that a
large area a small area or you're just
not really sure
a slender Christmas tree will always go
where you don't think you have room for
a tree and that's why I really like this
one this one I believe is from John
Lewis and this is a 7-foot slender tree
and the decorations that I have on this
one are my decorations that I bought
last year from next next time do some
really great decorations and they're all
plastic too so there's no like fear of
them dropping and smashing especially if
you have pets or a dog that could
potentially either knock over the tree
or brush against it I think that's just
a little bit more safe it pops a little
bit of mistletoe tinsel around this
round mirror I think I like this bit
because the tree reflects in the mirror
and it just looks very festive the only
thing I don't have is anything on the
top of this tree which I don't know is
that bad luck is that weird
I don't know maybe I should put
something up there my favorite ball ball
on this tree is this one I think that
one's really cool and also just the
little glittery ones that really like on
the table we have this runner which is
grey with stars on this is from Zara I
quite like this just because it's a
little bit more simple I then popped
these place mats down I think we've got
four of these but I've just popped one
in the middle and I believe these are
from next as well I've then got some
little oliver bonus star table lights
these are just battery-operated lights
but I've just decorated them around
there
I'm not sure where this was from
possibly next or John Lewis last year
and the candle in the middle is winter
by bath and Bodyworks up here on this
wall which you may have seen in quite a
lot of my main channel videos I've just
got some Mary Mary bunting the pom-pom
bunting which I'm actually obsessed with
I wish I'd bought more of this because I
think this wrapped around a tree would
have looked really impressive that was
from home sense and then again that one
is Mary Mary and so is that one I just
find this wall so big and like bland so
I like to put something on it
I think this wreath is one of my
favorite purchases of this year this was
from HomeSense and I just really like
how delicate it is this is all pieces of
paper and it also has bells and berries
and it's just really like dainty and
quite delicate
and I really like that I think it's
quite pretty on this mirror we've just
put a little bit of fake ivy along the
top and as you can also see in the
mirror we've put some Garland's up these
are from the white company I think they
look really real like I'm really
impressed with these so I've got two
I've got one up there and then one here
just going up there and then I also kind
of just weaved in some of the copper
wire lights with batteries same up there
by the door I've got this little sign
that says there is no place like home
for Christmas which I thought was quite
nice being next to the door have a
little reminder this is something that
Alfie's mum actually bought for me and
it's our doormat and it says have
yourself a merry little Christmas and I
believe that this is from John Lewis how
cute is that hair fusil should I learn
Ella yeah moving on now to upstairs into
the guest bedroom which I'm sure you've
all seen because this is where I feel
most of my main channel videos and it's
been kind of pimped out for Christmas
basically or you can kind of see it in
the mirror
the bedding changes regularly but it's
always festive
so at the moment we have this one which
is white with these little kind of
Kitsch rain gears on which are so cute I
love it these are only from Asda and I
believe these were about 14 pounds I'm
have also got pillow case these furry
giant cushions were from Marks & Spencer
last year as was this throw which is a
king sized throw and I can't even tell
you how difficult it is to try and find
big enough throws that really drape over
your bed so I was really impressed
impressed I was really impressed with
that I also have this adorable little
cushion this is from George at Asda and
these curtain lights are from lights for
you which I always leave in the
description of my videos but when Mark
was over one day we pimped out with bull
balls and Mark actually did this and he
did them in like some kind of order
which I really like I just think it adds
a little bit more kind of Christmas to
the fairy-like backdrop and then another
slender tree because it's just fit
everywhere like I said anyway you've got
space you can get one of these in it
this one was actually pre lit and that
made life extremely easy you literally
just put it together and plug it in this
was also from John Lewis and then the
bull balls are from John Lewis as well
and I think some maybe from next it's
kind of a mixture of next and John Lewis
but I really really like it I think it's
lovely christmas trees just make me
unbelievably happy oh I also have that
reed diffuser I was telling you about
the next one called
festive spice so this whole room smells
of this which really like just a few
little touches but I also have a spiced
gingerbread candle by bath and Bodyworks
on the bedside table as well as a little
zoella Beauty gingerbread hungry hands
hand cream for guests whenever they
fancy a little injection of gingerbread
moving on into the
last room now which is mine and Alfie's
bedroom and there are a couple of little
bits and pieces in here which are
festive
we haven't decked out the whole room
it's not as crazy as the spare room but
we do have a couple of little bits that
I thought it would be nice to share with
you I have already shown this Christmas
tree on my vlog Channel
but I'm going to show it here through
any of you that haven't seen that this
is a little four-foot Christmas tree
from John Lewis and I've put
multicolored lights on it but as I was
saying on my vlog channel I love these
lights because they include the pink
light which I think gives it quite a
retro feel and I also put these pom-pom
garlands on from hobby crafts and these
tiny little glass brightly colored
bubbles were from home scents so this is
my rainbow Christmas tree and I think
it's one of my favorite ones ever it's
just a really happy Christmas tree on
the bed we have this throw which is
extremely Christmasy and this was from
home scents I actually found this when I
was in my mum's shopping she saw it
first and she was like oh my god this is
so cute and I was like a hundred percent
agree this would look adorable
either draped over the sofa or on the
end of our bed which is where it is now
because we don't have Christmas bedding
right now we literally just changed it
but I did have some like super soft
brushed cotton flannel sheets on and now
we have white one so it's not as
exciting but this does jazz it up
slightly all is calm all is bright
cushions these are from Boden I love
them you can turn them over and it says
the opposite just I don't know they're
also really comfortable and there are
nice size and I just really like them
these fairy lights aren't technically
just for Christmas because they've been
up there for a while but I really like
them and I thought they might be worth
sharing with you so there you go that
was my little Christmas house tour slash
follow me around my house and let me
show you all my Christmas things video
over
hope you guys liked it give it a thumbs
up if you did and I will see you again
tomorrow bye
