hi everybody in today's video I am going
to be doing my everyday winter makeup
there's nothing that's too different
from normal although I am using some
slightly different products which I
thought would be nice to share with you
and also I've been really loving a more
pinky nude lip so that's the like slight
adjustment also I do think in winter
it's nice to try and get more of like a
jewy healthy lit from within look which
usually skin doesn't tend to have during
the winter months so that's also what
I'm adding into this makeup look
naturally I've got a cold sore as I'm
filming this because when do I ever not
have a cold sore when I want to film a
makeup video putting on a little bit of
lip balm to start with so that by the
time it comes to me doing my lips
they're not so chapped the first thing
I've done is washed my skin I've then
used the rough as a effaclar duo and the
glossy a rich moisturizer on top because
it's winter you're going from like cold
to warm in quite extreme temperatures so
that does tend to usually take its toll
on my skin so a rich moisturizer is
usually the way to go
tomi hair up get that out of the way and
now look like bam bam need a little bone
in my hair primer I am using the Clarins
SOS primer boost radiance I don't often
use primers but something that's going
to boost my radiance at this time of
year is something that I am interested
in okay
foundation wise I have been using the
Fenty beauty and my bare minerals
foundation kind of on and off or
sometimes together but more recently I
have ventured back to my trusty NARS
sheer glow in the shade Mont Blanc just
because I love this foundation and
although I go through phases where I
really like other foundations this is
the one I always come back to and you
can never go wrong with this to be
honest in my opinion in terms of a
foundation brush
I don't know which brush to use I might
use this one this is the Real Techniques
brush
well there was me thinking I'm so super
pale so this foundation will completely
match I actually think my skin is not
this pale right now I do think I'm like
probably one shade darker than this in
reality but I feel like it's better to
bronze up than to start to dark I've got
all the songs from the greatest showmen
stuck in my head on repeat okay
based on face base done
I've actually been loving and using
using and loving the Kylie Jenner skin
concealers this shade is in the color
bone which is a slightly pinky tone so
it goes really nicely into the eyes but
also is quite a good match for my skin
so I'm just slapping it on like tribal
paint not how you do concealer typically
I'm gonna use this bareMinerals brush to
blend that I do love me a liquid
concealer I always think stick one looks
so great and they offer really great
coverage as well but I just can't get on
with a stick concealer I just find them
very drying what are your thoughts let
me know I'm gonna put a tiny bit of the
collection lasting perfection right in
the corners of my eyes I'm addicted to
this stuff I can't like not use it it's
so weird I feel like until I put this on
even if I have my foundation done and
other concealers on I just don't feel
like it's I don't know I just don't feel
like my eyes are as bright as they could
look as they do when I have this on
speaking of collection last infection I
actually believe they're getting more
shades of this which is great very great
now that I've done like all the liquid I
do like to do a little bit of the bare
minerals on top as a bit of like a
setting powder it is technically a
foundation and in summer I actually wore
this
on top of concealer which I really
really enjoyed but I just yeah I prefer
to kind of set it a little bit with a
tiny bit of this I'm going to use this
beautiful spectrum brush to blend it in
I also just find it just gives a really
nice finish there we go all done next
thing I'm going to do is add a little
bit of bronzer I am using this Marc
Jacobs bronzer in tantastic in 104 and
I'm gonna use this lightly because I
think this is probably for summer when
you actually have a tan because it is
quite dark but I really like it I like
that it has like a bit of warmth to it
so it feels a bit more natural and it's
matte and the brush I'm using for this
is a Kylie Jenner brush in number three
I've also been using those here they are
in my little brush holder I really
really like them a couple of them do
shed a little bit at first but I found
that the more I've use them the less
it's done that so take a little bit down
the neck because if you're gonna tan
your face you have to remember that this
is also visible and mine is twice as
long as the average neck I'm sure so I
feel like I'm having to put more on I
don't know if it's possible for
someone's neck to like grow more but I
do feel like the older I'm getting the
longer my neck is oh gosh done okay
happy with that
for my blusher I am going to use this
this is the Bobbi Brown highlighting a
powder in opal glow it is beautiful I
love it and I'm gonna use this little
brush it's the Kylie Jenner number eight
which I have found is like the perfect
size to get like the apples of your
cheeks or to do highlight on your
cheekbones I love that you guys know how
much I love a pinky highlight I actually
think it's like my favorite kind of
highlight because it gives a very like
healthy look because
that touch of pink in it take a little
bit down the nose and pop like the
remnants on your forehead it's so pretty
love that okay finished with that I'm
now going to move on to eyes and
eyebrows I'm gonna start with a primer
if I'm in a rush I don't tend to do this
but if I have a little bit more time
then I will because it does make a
little bit more of a difference on how
long your eyeshadow last but also like
the quality of the eyeshadow always
looks much better if you use a base also
if you get oily eyelids I'm afraid it's
a must or if you've used quite a lot of
product like obviously I put concealer
around my eyes but not everybody does
that if you're blessed with beautiful
under eyes you don't always have to put
concealer on your eyes or if you don't
have very blue eyelids you don't have to
either but I was not blessed with non
blue eyelids so using something to like
neutralize that but also kind of become
like a bit of a glue for your eye shadow
is always much better I'm gonna zoom you
in a bit now because we're gonna be all
up here I have three products here that
I'm gonna use my eyebrows one is the
Makeup Forever aqua brow again a product
that I always kind of flit in and out of
using the spectrum a17 brush which is
just a angled brush which is perfect for
eyebrows and then the benefit 24-hour
brow setter don't go anywhere without
this especially because I'm growing my
brows they can become quite unruly so I
put a little dollop of the gel on the
back of my hand and then I just dip my
brush in it and kind of tap it on it's
the closest I've come to painting since
sixth form actually I kind of like it
it's like painting in your brows right
I don't know if you can see but I have a
few bits here that just won't grow I'm
trying really hard but I do have a
couple of gaps this one is much better
this one is far more goofy so I really
just use it to fill in any gaps and give
it a bit more shape that already looks a
lot better
this is my favorite brow to fill in I
feel like there's always a favorite brow
this one is my best brow but this is my
best side
so that's annoying isn't it oh excuse
you I'm happy with them they're quite
bold you don't have to make them this
bold if you don't want to I generally do
but then when I comb them through with
this
it doesn't look so stark I am gonna be
using this this is the color pop all I
see is magic shadow palette I've already
got it dirty I'm very sad about that
cardboard so unless you're very clean
and careful with your makeup which I am
sometimes then that might not happen but
sadly it has happened this has some
really beautiful colors in it I am going
to be using this very light peach and
this very light these very light colors
here I'm gonna make a very subtle I'm
gonna start with this very light kind of
peachy nude and I'm gonna just pop that
all over my eyelid
I literally just like whack this on if
I'm in a rush okay that is all over the
eyelid now I am going to take this like
very pretty peachy color which has a
tiny bit of shimmer on it which is quite
like and I'm just gonna again go all in
I'm gonna use this little spectrum brush
this is the a12 and I'm gonna use that
same like peachy color and just go a
little bit under the eye just to tie it
in a bit now I is very subtle like this
is quite subtle for me normally I'm like
all about the dark in the outer corner
and under the eye but I quite like that
this is a bit more simple okay
that's pretty much all I want to do to
my eyes I am going to put a bit of brown
liquid liner on it's still a very dark
brown so I think unless you're looking
very closely at someone's are you
probably wouldn't notice but I quite
like using Brown as an eyeliner color I
think black is a very like popular go-to
shade you should consider a dark brown
because I think it just looks a little
more subtle I don't know I just I like
the dark brown at the my bomb
I've got so caught up in telling you
about brown eyeliner I didn't say the
one I'm using it's the you a kitten
liner paraben free and long wear it's
now time for mascara and it might be no
surprise to you that I am using the
Smith & Colt lush dance mascara I love
my eyes switching oh my god do you ever
get a twitchy eye and then you go to
someone look how much my eyes twitching
and then it stops
honestly it's twitching so much I bet
you can't see it probably not there we
go
lips yes so I have two options for a
pinky nude I've got my trusty Rimmel
Kate Moss in 38 and then I have this one
which is a newer addition to my lipstick
collection and it is the Marc Jacobs
sonic truth and I think this is the
first tutorial tutorial for a while
where I've not used a liquid lipstick I
know I might go for the Marc Jacobs
actually they're very similar in color
but
that's so lovely and creamy I love it
and that is essentially everything I've
been doing over the past couple of weeks
really I've just really enjoyed focusing
a bit more on making my skin look more
alive and a bit more dewy and a bit more
healthy and things like the primer and
the foundation you use and the highlight
and blush actually make a lot of
difference and then I've kept my eyes
pretty basic just like a little tiny
wash of color and then the eyeliner and
the mascara kind of does more of the
talking and then a very kind of more
pretty subdued pinky nude lip I really
hope you guys enjoyed this makeup look
be sure to let me know what kind of
things you are loving wearing or doing
to your skin this time of year that kind
of keeps it looking a little bit more
fresh if you haven't yet subscribed make
sure to hit the subscribe button hit the
little bell button if you would like to
be notified every time I upload a video
and give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I hate to go and wash this
off my hand
some days I forget to do this I just
look Rubby and thank you so much for
watching I'll see you soon bye
