hello everybody today I am going to be
showing you how I do my corkscrew curls
which is something I've been wearing and
loving a lot recently and so many of you
have been asking me to do this video to
show you how I do it
now it's not difficult it is essentially
just curling your hair but I have a few
little tips and ways I like to do it so
that it looks like this and not like
this so I really hope you guys find this
useful let's get started it's the first
thing I tend to do is simply brush my
hair where did I put my brush oh this is
a whole lot easier to do if you don't
have any knots for some reason my hair
gets extremely naughty I feel like you
don't have to have a side parting to do
this but I do feel like it gives it that
little bit more of an 80s vibe because
of the whole like 80 side fringe so it's
completely up to you if you prefer to
have your hair and a center parting
leave it in a center parting but if you
are feeling a little bit daring I would
suggest to go for a bit of a side
parting because I just think it looks
quite cool I like to use a scrunchie to
separate my hair because when I use a
regular hair tie it leaves um like a
dent in my hair so I always use a
scrunchie and because I have quite thick
hair I do this in layers and I work my
way up
out the way the tongues I'm using these
ones these are the Lee Stafford ones
which look like I don't know like a
squished pole they're not rounded they
are flat but it's like it's basically a
teeny tiny little like flat curling wand
you can get so many different varieties
of ones that will give you corkscrew
curls my hairdresser actually used tight
like a really long thin round one on the
shoot I did with Jo which was what
completely inspired me to start curling
my hair like this
and that worked really well also so it's
completely up to you so I feel like the
sections of hair that you take is
completely dependent on how curly and
big you want your hair to be if you have
quite thick hair you might want to take
slightly bigger sections because you
could end up with an actual afro around
your head and it also is very dependent
on how long you leave your hair on the
tongs these get very hot so if you want
more of a relaxed corkscrew curl you
don't want to leave it on for too long I
generally take pieces about that big
because I feel like if I go too small it
looks a bit crazy
taking the tongs facedown away from your
face obviously being very careful I have
burnt myself a few times on these and
you want to get as close to the end as
possible I don't leave this on for very
long at all in fact
in three two one I'm done there you go
there's number one and feel free to go
in opposite directions
and then curling it round slightly
making it tighter to your head see that
one I left on a bit too long and it's
now like half the size of the other one
I think it's quite nice to be a bit
irregular so taking bits and going one
way then taking another bit and going a
completely different way I think it
makes it certainly more interesting I
think a lot of people assume that this
takes quite a long time one of our most
asked questions is how long did that
take you and I think that's because the
curls are so small it is like you're
taking the tiniest bits of hair every
time but you really don't have to do
that and honestly I think this takes me
the same amount of time to curl my hair
like this as it does with a regular
curling wand
they firstly are done onto the second
layer
next layer this is a great look huh and
you're done imagine this as a hairstyle
like curly underneath straight on top
cute little top knot okay now on to the
last layer which is the fringe now
although we're doing a side fringe I
actually think it's good to curl out of
a side fringe and then flip it over I'm
not sure why I've just found that to
look the best
at this point your hair looks like this
which is never how I leave it because I
just think this is a little bit much so
I will run my fingers through the curls
and sort of pull them out a little bit
I then use a little bit of this which is
the davon s O I or oi oil this stuff is
incredible so I just squirt a couple of
pumps of that into my hand rub it in and
then I take that through the curls
because I just feel like it gives them a
little bit more shine and definition and
they look less fried so there you go
that is my extremely highly requested
corkscrew curl hair tutorial it's
definitely not rocket science but I hope
there were a few little useful tips and
tricks in there which will enable you to
live out your inner 80s fantasies I also
think these curls look amazing on the
second day so once they've sort of like
dropped a little bit they also look
really great so kind of leave it like
this go to bed wake up the next day and
pop in a little bit more oil just to
kind of style up a bit do not brush it
that's my one tip do not brush this
otherwise it will look like like out
here and it won't look it's like defined
and I don't know it just doesn't look as
good - trust me give it a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I'll see you again
tomorrow for another video bye guys
