how we do oh I'm so excited
hello everybody today all right I'm
going to be filming with these two very
special ladies oh we've never all filmed
a video together so I'm very excited
about that and I'm also very excited
because we are gift-giving and you're
sleeping and I'm here sleeping in this
video and we're also giving Tom has on
her Channel and name he has on her
channel all in all is a very festive
evening of present giving and receiving
which is super exciting you excited
about everything your presents
yes um any so we gave each other a
budget we said we said the five things
in a certain budget but I'm I didn't
stick to five things we're not gonna do
okay
I didn't stick to budget with so neither
us actually did women to me presents not
the material - okay you should i do
first look inside and see what from this
so many this is like biggest stocking
from Santa when you were younger did you
get stockings or sacks okay I got a
little stocking but it would literally
have like an orange in there and tiny
tiny little things like a pen and then
I'd get a suck on my sound of me is it
alive nor that one fast - what that's a
bad one you don't you don't want to wait
no no I said no that one oh you fix me
one you pauline one whoa looks like a
good one
okay no just do it cuz I just don't know
what all just going to be good this was
the biggest half to budget very fast
that's the follow me yeah well I thought
well we'll be sure what she picks in
this one track go ahead oh oh oh
in wait oh yeah step oh this is so
lovely tea will you know it'll light in
the top I want to put this in my
fireplace
yeah it's low Q I just fell in love me
and Alfie yeah that you and Jim it's me
Jim in your house would come since you
can't not always be in your flats way or
another
thank you which one I don't mind
oh you have a journey of with Naomi
presents yeah oh yeah I know this is a
bad one okay I love these are they the
little commas or thighs these are so
useful
I thought you get very very clear doing
anywhere no I do think up in there these
are so good because you can literally
put them anywhere going everyday twice
right
yeah like around the lamppost yeah I
thank you love that back in Zoey dig
back in oh no you pick where you want
are you sure I'm just gonna let you
Oh feels like a pain oh no that one
surprised me this one so this is the one
I first tried yeah it's cuz I thought
you were going for like they're not I'm
not so good one there might be oh yeah
oh my god wait no chance huh oh so why
do we do it that fast because that's
like the somebody Keala changing
reindeer milk my no changes color when I
get warm
okay that's a good hot chocolate mark
yeah Oh what's this one so here's one no
one that's a good one
always when you're going to listen for
your own interesting photo this my
better part hey cuz of the glitter yeah
yeah bit of a nightmare
oh I feel it's quite a Christmas theme
without really using oh my god I mean
this yeah give me like my telling when I
got the mine Allah is not going to be
impressed with these on your feet and I
was like she's just saying in your video
I always comfy and it drives Alfie crazy
they're never going to be cold anymore I
know be the gingerbread man always
be with you at all do you want now for
real for real Islam you are special
edition to be o Christmas days 12
stories and 12 feasts for 12 days oh my
god it's beautiful
we read anything by this author author
she's really really great and that's
Winterson yeah she wrote orange is the
only fruit and sec sandwich hurry and
and so every offer every story there's a
recipe because she's a really good cooks
Welsh Prince Nigella ah also her name is
Winterson which you're perfect
yeah like a lucky dip when are you gonna
get I am getting ready to roof it now I
think it does like do you know what guys
I'm about ready to do mine now
lovely come in the shop exaggerated tea
pass the tea bags for your bath look
you're literally in that's amazing
even though this one is claim oh my god
it kind of smells licorice she it's got
all in the fennel seeds that's a my
Madeleine make my mouth water that
should be really good for skin to play
but you make you realize a lot of me
thank you
yeah yeah my own this is Robbie I keys
down before you right good night
hopefully obsessive you've got a
different one no it's not my leg thank
you so much I love that that's all right
love it oh my god five I love whoa I'm
gonna go straight this one get this
satisfies no no I love it it's just that
it won't hurt working the things I love
the most fat I love that we've both got
stuff mount pathology yeah no one likes
to ring oh my god like the cutest play
I've ever seen it's a perfect like
misery hire hostage for me god is so
cute oh I got your little mister snack
sonic yeah my Gilman's boys and actually
I wonder she sent it of course do I
wanted to write and Christmas and the
date and love Thomas
oh you should you know do it yeah put
your mark on that yeah I have leg put
this mug on there with your hot
chocolate and some biscuits on with my
Naomi and Tanya for yet but there's so
many problems I get right in there oh
yeah
you're actually just
stay with me bison my cheeks ache
can we show smile a little smile from oh
I like the Sun I like the Sun look ah oh
oh my god that my so hard when I saw it
I don't know yeah like I go my chocolate
that's adorable
I thought it's quite an unusual color oh
sorry
we by the way they say be offended it's
when I film I started asking about Milo
a guy did you buy me anything that I can
wear I wonder if me oh my god this is
amazing
that's the top you've got little bottoms
yeah yeah important what did it say it
says oh my god it Christmas do you know
how Gino elf is my favorite Christmas
yes I got it for you oh my god yes yeah
I love these Oh biscuit ears yeah you
know I saw these online and I was like
who can I get these for for Christmas
really yeah because I just love their
bisque and now I've got one I'm not
gonna eat it oh yes for credible thank
you so much
I actually loves always too pretty to
even eat like the ballerinas my body
look at that way I actually saw these
new little girls you know in the
Nutcracker they hold my God thank you so
much that's alright oh my god
I like equipped for Christmas yeah
Oh jingle bell jingle bell jingle bell
rock' mallet finger oh I know where it
is
wait I need to try and guess which one I
think is it all one with the cinnamon
stare yeah yeah I was going to go for a
different one are you gonna go to the
wand yeah she really my thing this is a
mystic one this is my favorite one my
favorite too because it smells so
amazing oh you're gonna get even more
covered in glitter oh yeah oh thank you
so much bye singing love it
do you guys have fun picking presents
yeah I loved it yeah so much fun you've
got to mom okay
oh I'm gonna get a small one too little
one yeah I can't remember this one is
when I really get into such just I was
like I can't remember my face
oh it's not oh I remember what this is
this is just she went oh this is only
little bar I thought to be below hey
grace yeah cover her great oh my god I
love that and I'll tell you why I got
new hair grips it's because and I don't
know if you know this I often told me
the other day that he uses your hair
grips as to clean his ears as cotton
viscosity nice like Harris by me I wanna
be like oh hey hey my really good ones
cuz I wasn't meant to be bad so he was
like did you know cotton buds are buds
cleaner is and I was like I said he's
like Zoe's Hagrid
way cause one day you're special
is it my special
I'm gonna be here getting them it was
gonna go this one I'll perfect I'll
swatch well yeah
oh my god I'm gonna make this in my
house yeah I loved this game yeah it's a
mini version so you don't have the big
board beef stubble yeah I could see the
mini one before
oh my god amazing like yeah yeah so good
I loved this game a because it's an
amazing game but be playing any game
with Don is so funny because you're
getting so competitive last one from
least 100 what company you're going out
shortly on presents I was like I kind of
wanted yeah oh my god it's the winter
this will let you make your whole house
smell like Christmas
hmm it's like my favorite oh my god one
more from T last friends oh wait awesome
little and oh you the little one we go
everything hang on I haven't looked
oh that's no moaning the sock is
never-ending
yeah cutters
Oh judgin to you oh my god I love them
actually keeps them this Krieger cutter
is yeah you probably could cuz it how
did you get a like cookie cutter action
you look behind and stuff that's so
funny quotes on copper fairy lights yeah
yeah I've got a little so let's just you
I don't know
yeah and there here's all your stuff in
the bottom Oh a little snowman oh my god
that's the cow mooing I ever seen her in
Joel Osteen get all different types of
jumps of sperm how would you ever eat
him he's so cute I like chocolate I
don't doubt you marry luckily so if I've
done that I will feel so much I asked
was it solid like his compass tonight
please jump this boy's face oh we will
eat here yeah we can sit and say
chocolate penny that's how much feel
Christmassy yeah smell it like he's
never smelled Earth's gravity when
before
smells YC boy just like skin that's like
nice orange skin like rind hey do you
want to open this now oh oh oh look now
it's still going in my eyes every close
to the camera opened up that way nice
okay thank you so much bye well thank
you so much you too
I actually love all of my favorite idea
you don't know me so well we do police
ask me I love these girls a lot so you
should definitely check them out I'll
leave the links in the description and
we also filmed a video over on talents
channel of Tarn opening her presents
from these and on Naomi's channel maybe
opening her presents yeah so go and
check those out I love you very much I
will see you again tomorrow
Merry Christmas
oh my god
