twenty-four days of weather I'm going to
be testing some Christmas Pinterest
ideas I like getting crafty it's
something that I always did with my mum
and I see some of the most insane and
amazingly festive ideas over on
Pinterest Pinterest is basically the
best so I've got three things I wanted
to try out which I have not done prior
to filming this video so we're going to
see how it goes the first being salt
dough shapes now I feel like most people
have probably done this at some point in
their lives you can make decorations but
I've seen some really cute ones with
tiny little stars used to decorate
presents so you can make tiny little
star bunting and then you can use it as
a present wrap which I quite like so to
make salt dough you need 2 cups of flour
1 cup of salt and 1 cup of water so it's
basically 2 1 1 essentially you need to
mix it together so I'm going to add
flour and I'm going to add the salt now
I need to get a spoon thank you Mark
you're welcome so my little helper is
easy we're gonna stir this although I do
believe it quite quickly forms a dough
look at it see that's a dough now isn't
it doe a deer okay this looks so
disgusting but I think it's it's work
because it's all come together so now
you simply wanna get it out oh look at
it I feel like this would be a really
fun thing to do with kids look at that
perfect
okay with a rolling pin roll out the
salt dough you can use any shapes but I
actually got a little bit little pack
free with a Christmas magazine and
they're like the perfect size because
they're small okay I'm gonna get my
little star think you need a bit more
flour so I'm just gonna lightly dust and
my only problem is I could have probably
done with dusting underneath so I'm
going to quickly gust underling and then
we roll we roll this is better get my
little cutter I'm gonna do a star pop
him out on a baking tray ah cute
once you've done all your little stars
or Christmas trees or whatever else you
want to do I think you can either glue
these once they're set you can put them
in the oven for like three hours on a
really low heat to dry out or you just
sort of leave them out to harden and you
can make a little hole in them now or
glue them to a piece of string and use
them around a prison which i think is
such a cool idea and I can't stop I just
put them on the tree as decoration yeah
you can paint them you can do bigger
ones you can paint them you can put and
put them on your tree as a decoration
like Alfie did mark what did you do with
salt dough I painted them painted yeah I
used I painted them then put like a
varnish on it so it was always very
shiny why do they look so cute okay they
look like I'm little salt dough lucky
stars magic stars okay that's enough
just one more okay oh wow oh we've got a
lot of salt go left okay get a safest so
that mark and Alfie can do their very
own salt dough shapes but I'm going to
pop these in the oven just to harden
they look so cute the next thing that I
saw on Pinterest that I really wanted to
make work the hot cocoa Christmas
cookies these look adorable and actually
not too difficult to make the only thing
I couldn't find was the little cookies
they use but I think you can use any
cookies so I'm just going to use Oreos
like this little Oreo so following the
instructions you want to take your
little round biscuit your marshmallows
these ones are jet paths which I think
it's an American brand but I've got
these on a card oh so they weren't that
difficult to find okay
and you want to make them because this
is going to be your little mug so you
want to use the ones that aren't as
squished like that's a good one that's a
good one and using a squirty like
chocolate I'm going to glue that to the
Oreo whoa like so I'm going to do that
three times and that's one next you want
to make this look like a little hot
chocolate so you're going to use the
chocolate to make it look like a mug is
both flowing like that
there we go so that's the actual hot
chocolate in the mug then you want to
sprinkle on some tiny micro marshmallows
I think you can find these in like the
baking section I'm going to use the
white ones now this is the bit where I
feel like it could get tricky tiny
little candy cane do you need to snap
this off where it meets the top of the
candy cane to create Oh like that to
create a handle wow it's gonna be a big
old handle okay Brady's use your rolling
pin do it Oh Owen very low smaller
handle oh yeah that's better
using your chocolate you want to put a
little bit on there a little bit on
there this is your glue and you want to
stick that to your marshmallow that is
not going to stay oh I think it is thank
you our feet here's another stick that
on oh I think these are really cute so
far
perfect little handle thanks Alfie okay
suppose our mugs with their handles now
you want to just decorate the front of
your mug so I've got some Christmas tree
sprinkles I'm just gonna pop it on the
front I'm going to do a little dot and
then I'm going to stick a Christmas tree
on there like that and I'm going to
the same with the others but a little
dark and a little Christmas tree oh I
lost a handle let's take that back on in
a minute
here we go the handle back on I feel
like
apart from the handles not really saying
on I think they're quite cute
Oh thieving they're so cute I think it
makes an Oreo far more exciting but yeah
there you go tiny hot chocolate cookies
would anyone like to try one come on try
one me how do i how all-in-one
the third and final Pinterest craft that
I new attempt to make is sock snowman
very excited to try this so I believe
you can either use your old socks or you
can buy some new ones if you're going to
make lots and you're feeling very
creative I'm not really too sure I can
only really see pictures so I'm not sure
of the stages so I'm going to try and
guess
you also need some right so I'm going to
open the rice now you've open the rice
it's gone everywhere open it pour it in
oh or just bring another bottle for the
ball all right lass get a glass this is
harder than I thought it would be okay
thank you mark welcome a glamorous
assistant easiest way to get rice into a
sock is to use a glass a funnel ie piece
of paper and pour your rice in it's fine
don't even worry there we go okay your
glass full of rice get stuck place your
sock over said rice turn your right now
you have a long bag then you want to put
your rice down to the bottom of the sock
okay you want to secure the top with
your first elastic band so the rice
doesn't come out like so and then create
a little head and using your second
elastic band
you want to secure lap around his head
you can make the head whatever size you
want you can make the body whatever size
you want you can even do a huge one and
have it like three you know like a
classic snowman I'm going to just go for
two okay now you have something that
looks like this you want to chop off the
excess like that and then you want to
use this as out so I'm just going to pop
that on there ah cute and you can even
use another elastic at the back or
stitch that together to make it like a
proper little like pointy snowman hat
I'm then going to cut this gray sock to
give the Snowman a scarf we've all seen
the John Lewis advert snowmen need
scarves
here we go Oh cute okay now after this
you can use pins and pop them in for
eyes or you could use buttons and stitch
them or glue them down here I have none
of those things today which I just think
I would but I'm not that much of a
crafty person I do however have a
sharpie so I'm just going to draw on two
little eyes like that and I'm going to
draw on the buttons and there you have
your little rice snowman do you like in
okay what should we call him Oh Chris
why Chris mark because it's the name of
one of our favorite Christmas songs sing
is driving home for Christmas by Chris
Rhea and it also has purses in Christmas
Chris and Christmas yeah I like it
Chris the Snowman not very snowman name
but I think it's it's M I actually think
this is so cute this would make a lovely
gift realize decoration a fun thing to
do with kids or if you're bored I don't
even think you need to be a kid to do
this you could use stripey socks for the
Hat you could get like really creative
so if you do happen to make any of these
I would love to see them and as I'm sure
the people who created these or came up
with this idea would also love to see
them you could make like a family of
them you could have a small one a
medium-sized one and then a huge one
depending I guess on how big your feet
are there we go I like that you can do
that look lightly proper sorry Chris
yeah burn about oh he's kind of it wide
just prop you up a bit there we go
so those were the three Pinterest DIYs
that I really wants to give a go I
really hope you guys enjoyed this
obviously I had a practiced and I
probably could have done with some
buttons but if you do do it let me know
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I will also make sure to
leave links to every one of the DIYs
that I followed on Pinterest so that you
guys can also give it a go I'll see you
again tomorrow for another 24 days of
zoella video
I hope you're having a lovely day bye I
want turn it up damn I love a bit of
Caesarea we should have caught the snow
Mondays oh we have Davey the Snowman
