in advance video Christmas I love like I
love the leg a few years smarter come
here I just got the table anyway I got a
C's adorable
like L yeah we're gonna be making toys
great oh so cute
hello everybody hello everybody okay
this is the first Christmas video I felt
is it hey oh so excited I'm here I would
gathered here today
where's Jan and two dogs and two dogs he
will no doubt make a mess make mess
and create havoc and eat Lego yeah this
is Martha's first time of Lego
Oh got finished got some chunky poos
coming up Oh
so for this video I've got what can I do
with Jim let go no that's air force I
actually bought this router last year
too and he never did it even open it
well okay Oh already so yes please
yeah no course not it's a car I'm
driving so the background and the way
Zoey's driveway works is a car probably
come straight towards this big window
and turns around if it was hard it would
have gone through see the good thing is
is there's two of us you can start on
one bit and I can start on the other
basically so which do you want to do do
you want to do the sleigh or do you want
to build another house
come I'll do the same yeah do the sleigh
after it back number one that number one
I'll start on the house okay yesterday
saying professor jumpin I don't have one
so I said to Tanya have you got any
little fit so she found a girl's large
it's a bit short in the arms it looks -
it thanks very much - angel oh yeah okay
oh my god Jim this is really exciting
the instructions for your bit oh yeah
I'll say that mine's gonna be really
shortens oh no we lost a head oh don't
lose your heads OE huh Oh Jim there's no
pad why would the happy in another bag
to the head in the body
I don't think it read much rhyme or
reason to it there we go Oh Hugh mrs.
Claus Lester how's the play going well I
mean that's a reindeer apparently I see
you know what I've got italics is the
dog Oh jiminy Christmas
Oh Oh jiminy Christmas no Martha no yes
it may be it's a mrs. Claus Merkin Oh
Merkin it yeah feedback wait why would
you bother do people actually have to be
quick oh no Martha you're American
Martha Merkin sorry back so many tips we
always seem to have a lot of innuendos
in our days Jim we have a noticed I have
actually yeah I don't think I know the
man in video was made there haven't been
in und yeah I think it's risky it's not
life I don't do it just happens
that's an innuendo in it so when you're
doing pickin this your finger don't feel
a bit tingly I do I mean I'm a bit Mike
yeah like your fingers are the wrong
size yeah oh no I missed that one whole
step
Oh No
to go back we have to peel all this off
in sound good welcome to the North Pole
everyone in miniature Oh cute Oh cute
sounds around it in the North Pole thing
what are your a massage touching me Oh
some black flames not let go no mines
coming confession bless you bless you
bless you
shoo
that wasn't a think we're crazy for
doing this maybe I should have got aged
seven like though or maybe even a drive
it can be easier no I like a challenge
try that well orange to that oh well oh
yes family you know used to make and
glue out of horses excuse me sorry what
out of horses yeah like horse hooves or
horse bows these is nothing down a clue
oh I did not know that cool Oh Christmas
tree
gene welcome home hi hey nice one sounds
like nothing if not like a a word Smith
butter fanciful Santa Claus at the
center oh my god realism sound my leg Oh
No thank you
ooh I was so surprised last year how
many people are like online last year
Christmas Day but you know why see is
like my one day of the year to not the
colors a little bit boring right today
what yeah Wow Jim you don't be proposed
yeah I bet
all right you would want to order pizza
open the pizza box or a big greasy ring
or it just says William IV we've got the
mallet governor yeah when you can add an
addition
yeah yeah I know the little the little
fingers keep the pieces together I box
the brings well blue
don't worry Zoe the pile is going down
as much thing is it you've got it
what do you know what this is so
satisfying and when it's done I'm going
to put it pride to play for about a day
for a day then go to someone great yeah
every page I turn there's no more
complex but look you have got as many
bits left now so it's got to be getting
easier you're getting there yes soldier
through me look right in so it doesn't
really get ya watch this bit hey what
creative day were having
no how's your back feeling high-five my
feet however I can't feel Jim yes
Ikaruga no it's just this is a whole
book of instructions yes tick tick tick
no Jim this isn't working out so well
with me Wow good I did it again breaking
photos off the fireplace I don't notice
this no no no a little bit how do you
not notice the fireplace because all
along it's just slip like don't open the
door to your house there goes ND no come
on Lego sort a talk to there you go just
so you know this is the final touch what
you done have you done
is it brilliantly you know how I've said
oh it's really interesting how the roofs
not central it's a person syndrome yeah
but on the plus side on the plus side
mines perfect
I'm so bad okay look what I didn't do I
can put these on yay this isn't quite
right I know it's right yeah there we go
oh god I've happened down there
oh I did wonder why that race is so
upset triggers isn't canceled because I
was also extension of the house oh good
good then oh yeah all right don't pounce
Rick I'm not leaving this I was done
layer upon layer Jim oh look at this bit
this fits fine we know you look in it
yes Jim it's really coming together now
I thought you said that in 20 years
later myself and Jim are still here give
me a go
yay Jim I've got pieces missing you
don't I do what do you see
or maybe you've got them in your bag
might be how the extension coming on
it's getting there
you see same time oh I'm making a
chariot ow chariot what
oh maybe chair by the way
you see this step in my pile
that's the gave me isn't it yeah that is
the bit you gave me can't make the
chariot dumber if I just shove it at one
I mean it's a bit wonky that's fine
we've done this for a long time dilation
kicked in session and now eating we've
been to four hours yeah we actually have
at least one I've done this I can help
you on that there big rabbit
really yes wait a minute
Oh Oh ready
uh-oh the clock goes on is that the
right what makes eight yet all right
head him but I'll be finished yes we
have our road
you said oh why don't we Christmas for
everyone
leggo go half less you just one big one
for me
imagine if it was your job to make these
two tests that the instructions work and
little dove it's the guy she's like yeah
my dog starts to person great I'll go no
less i haha
wait oh my god I felt there it's just a
piece of cord she Street right then so
what do we do now new little pretty girl
okay hey go back to where we were
Oh God what yeah well sorry to hurt you
in there get dark again old yeah yeah
yeah way and now we have a point where
we are connecting the two buildings
together and you're supposed to have
bits with a little dude on that gets in
the slot and and we had a stair on for a
while I don't worry about it all it'll
show up so that showing up now and it's
fun right at the bottom one of the first
things we did don't worry
that's fine once fine they'll stay on
over-engineered I think you're so happy
with it
oh I think these are what watch and be
amazed I mean try and stop them it's
really hard to spot where they go but
look this is so cute go to the door
Sakhi
Oh attention to detail see Oh knowledge
wasting from her slumber no turn that on
upside down if you want do you take them
back yeah dude finish me you know what
for our efforts I thought it's not much
to show
No thank you cookie
ah really cookie was this bad oh I
really - yeah
well you can't go yet with so nearly
done oh my god right right so here we
have the house actually very pretty from
the outside when you turn it around it's
even more you've got a working final at
working fireplace
you got a fireplace you've got an elf
seat you've got a door that actually
works I've done open inside with a
ladder you got a little very low up shop
very lights on the outside I mean what
more can you ask it's just everything
here we have a conveyor belt that does
the toys I'm gonna pull these outside
because Santa's is almost he's warm
that's what matters the elves can go to
hell
spare around in probably Rudolph coz you
didn't make the cut it's too small run
for the litter maybe he's retired
Christmas tree get those retired
Christmas tree and then a sign saying
North Pole oh yeah we finished Oh God
I'm sorry I made you do this chair it
was good family took forever yeah it's a
very long time
Merry Christmas
I actually love Lego but this is
particularly fiddly
it's fun yeah maybe going for age five
not age 12
we also have a video over on Jim's
channel what do we do Jim we Oh My gods
more constructing things we made
integral houses and gingerbread trains
and stuff it was brilliant
come on watch it's a day I'm creative
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it hope you're having a fabulous
December and I'll see you again bye
crush it
