giddyup giddyup put up at a park are you
ready yes oh wow I thought I've got hair
like Wednesday or from Willison run that
when she does the cheese today
sorry cycle okay are you ready for
marking sorry bacon part 2
yeah boys hello everybody welcome back
today we are joined with mark faris
hello we found another kit but we're
going to put to the test we're going to
be making these dipped ornament like
brownie bites and they're like your
balls yeah like little ball balls
sometimes all you want is it just a
quick kit quick fix quick fit quick fix
cupcake
kids oh I like it
wait
preheat the oven to 200 and 200 so
pretty hey hey buddy it up yes just
color it edge it's recent is it yeah you
turn a little will ya you know snow let
it snow let it snow next you're going to
want to stir the brownie mix oiler
Walter an egg in a medium bowl until
well blended part of me okay so going to
need 1 tablespoon of all stuff Wow look
at me Oh No Hey look who I've done oh
yeah don't you study really well
oh my god this son hard
hey hey Kevin
smell my finger it wasn't that my ask
careful Jim why'd you say careful Jim
it's the perfect of it did you mean
careful wrong the tail is too big oh is
that your name
my dad to you dad wrong did I drop a
dime
it smells so good
Oh
no no where's my camera
Oh
oh my god dog oh it's fine it's just
like stinky you're right yeah Oh Merry
Christmas
room while we wait for the cake to cool
down let's play game okay I'll give you
my camera roll you give me yours we
gotta pick one picture and you go fling
it oh you go there's mine I'm trusting
you
this is like a proper like friendship
test this is or anything no give it to
me you can do mine
yeah but I'm looking right now recently
get it Dana you can't do easily layaway
wait you know me I love this game
sorry oh my god I thought I usually
combos game on this day honestly I can't
maybe there's nothing on him must is not
your my pictures how do you have no
pictures nothing on that but we knew
that was coming did I send this you
wanting a plate plate is that many my
face or the lips right you think that
the brownie will be cool oh god yeah go
away from your video what we're doing
right I break the good bits
yeah into the bowl so what you want to
do is get your brownie yeah oh this is
weird
I don't know if I like that Wow molding
it into balls one thing I think it's so
special about mine and motts friendship
is like I like your mum you won't mind
laughs yeah I shave your legs you shaved
my crack yeah creepy never isthmus tips
I just want to wish you all a very Merry
Christmas okay
I mean Nate I really do your battery by
now
yummy remember drop a single brownie
bite into the melted wafers using a fork
coat all sides at the brownie bite and
tap the fork against the rim of the bowl
oh wow I'm not sure that's what they
meant
- no you stick the fork it oh why does
this look like meatballs mayor Oh
fuck-you money corner Sushma and
Nawal
my god bring one of these I'm just not
sure what to say about these um our
first breaking video but really well I
think this one we tried I think that's
the best one this one yeah yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
make sure to give it a thumbs up and I
really hope that you're enjoying 24 days
as well so far lies your app not on to
this room oh my god
make sure to check out mark I will leave
all his links in the description box
thank you got festive content going on
exact yeah thank you very much and I
will see you again tomorrow
ah this reminds me of a cough when they
would film my fake and then I would
having to restart looking at the fake
like
