hi long time no see it actually does
feel like a really really long time
since I have like properly sat down and
made a like talking to camera video
because even in my Christmas videos a
lot of those are pre filmed and they
were filmed with people or they were
baking videos so I feel like I haven't
like sat down on this bed in a while but
this is my first video back in 2018 I
hope you all had an amazing new year and
a great start to January I know we're on
like the latter end of January but I
hope it's been a great start so far for
you I have been very busy working on
lots of exciting things that are coming
up this year and also just like taking a
bit of a breather and trying to get my
video making mojo back I do think it's
important to give yourself a bit of
space to kind of re-evaluate what you
want to film and the type of content
that you want to do and what it is that
people want to see because so often it's
like week on week you just you don't
even think about it so that's kind of
what I did at the start of January and
now I'm feeling fresh and feeling good
and I'm excited to make videos I've got
a really long list of things I really
want to film for you but if any of you
have any suggestions things that I might
not have done before I don't know maybe
some slightly different avenues things
that you've never seen you make a video
about before or topics that you're
interested in please let me know in the
comments here or over on Instagram I
would love to hear from you I do already
have my list so I'm gonna make my way
through that and then go through some of
your suggestions and see if there's
anything oh and see if there's anything
else that I really want to film start
off with I thought it would be nice to
do a rundown of all my favorite beauty
and makeup items of 2017 because that
actually were quite a few and I've
really enjoyed watching everyone else's
videos of this and I just think it's a
really nice testament to the products
that you use and love because anything
that you can sit in this video and say
that you wholeheartedly adored
through a whole year it's a product that
I think should be on a fair few wish
lists which is why when I've watched
them I'm like this is definitely a
product they really really loved because
there are favorites videos and
everything in a favorites video is like
that monthly fave but anything that can
like withstand the month and is
something that ends up in like a yearly
roundup is a product that is very highly
recommended so yeah I've really enjoyed
watching those and I'm gonna get started
on a lot of the things that I have loved
through the year and I will continue to
love through 2018 I'm sure I'm gonna
start with this because I do feel like
did I use this in 2016 I don't know I
think some of these items might have
been featured in previous years but I've
heavily used them this year so that is
why they're being featured because that
is the purpose of the video first item
is the Smith & Colt lash dance mascara
I'm not gonna go on too much about this
because I have talked about this an
awful lot it's the sort of mascara that
when you buy it new and you first use it
it almost feels like a mascara at the
end of its life if that makes any sense
it's very thick it grabs every single
lash it gives your eyes this really
dramatic smoky lengthening thickening
voluminous look and I absolutely love it
it's kind of like a quick and easy
clumpy looks like you've got four coats
you've only got one type of mascara and
for me that's perfect
you'll have to excuse the fact I have a
nail missing I'm not gonna give you the
finger but as I was saying up for this
video it pinged off so or was most to
devastate it ah there's me thinking I
was gonna be so put together first video
back no it's me I should have known
better next thing is the fancy beauty
foundation this is a soft matte long way
foundation and it is part of Rihanna's
new makeup line that she released in
2017 and I ordered this online on a bit
of a whim lots of people have been doing
their reviews and I thought you know
what I'll try it give it my two cents
absolutely freaking love it it
an amazing formulation I tend to steer
away from map foundations because I like
to have a bit of a Jew igloo and
normally I just think matte foundations
make me look a little bit 2d or a bit
like sallow and tired I just I don't
think they do much for my complexion so
I was a bit hesitant about this didn't
need to be because it's amazing it lasts
really well it's not like matte matte
and it gives a really good coverage so I
really liked that also so many different
shades if there is not a shade of this
foundation for you I would be very
surprised
sticking with like skin this duo
basically got me through the summer I
wasn't really wearing any foundation
when we moved into this house it was
like the hottest two weeks of the year
we were unpacking boxes and running up
and down flights of stairs and mostly
just enjoying the weather in the garden
so I didn't really do much kind of full
face of makeup there for what I was
doing was using the urban decay I can
never say this urban decay concealer
with my trusty collection lasting
perfection concealer I combined the two
I put this on any like blemishes or
scarring on my face and I used this
under my eyes and then I blended it out
with bare minerals foundation this was
one of the first foundations I ever used
when I was 17 years old
myself and my mum placed an order on QVC
and I bought this and I wore it in
school and in six form and I absolutely
loved it I've definitely gone through
phases of my more adult life where I've
loved it and used it and been obsessed
with it and then when I felt like my
skin needed a bit more coverage I've
sort of popped this back on the shelf
and this year during summer I was just
using this on top of these concealers
and I really liked how kind of healthy
and glowy my face felt and I really
loved it it made me fall back in love
with bare minerals so this is now firmly
back in my makeup bag this got a whole
lot of love from
this year this is the Charlotte Tilbury
is it on the go palette or what's it
called instant look palette it's a
little bit grubby and we've hit pan
ladies and gentlemen we've hit pan I
used this palette so much this year I'd
forgotten it and when we moved I was
putting my makeup out and I was like ah
that palette is just a dream it has like
everything you would need it has really
lovely neutral shades bit of shimmer and
a matte brown for going in the crease
which is perfect it's it's basically my
everyday go-to I and then the sculpt
part of the sculpt and highlight is the
perfect shade blends beautifully and I
absolutely love it as you can see this
blush is also gorgeous this one which is
slightly deeper color I also used it's
much nicer for evenings this color or
when I had a tan after I've been on
holiday I use that and then the
highlighter on the other end it's one of
those palettes that I just think has
everything you need in it if you are
after any of those things separately I
would advise you get it all together in
this and just take this everywhere you
go with you two more cheek products this
this will probably come as no shock to
you because I've pretty much used in
every makeup look for the past six
months
it's the Tanya burr cosmetics peonies
please blush sash highlight is actually
called an illuminating powder I love
this I've got it on now it gives a
really pretty Juhi highlight and the
pink is very subtle and very pretty and
it's just my go-to if I want to look a
little bit more glowy another item that
I used this year a lot for glow but in a
more kind of bronzy sense kind of
holiday post holiday was this this is
the Estee Lauder doesn't have the name
on the back and I should have googled it
before I did this video but it came out
in summer and it's this gorgeous
kind of Goldy highlight I don't even
know if you can get this anymore as part
of the bronze God s collection but it
wouldn't have been a true video if I
didn't include this because it's
beautiful and I loved it this year for
brows there was definitely one product
that I reached for over everything else
and something that I had never used
before and that is the Makeup Forever
aqua brow when I received this in my PO
Box I very nearly almost immediately
when that seems fiddly and
time-consuming for eyebrows I am much
more of a powder or pencil girl and I
almost just put it straight in the
charity file I don't know why I didn't I
must have just thought ah it's a kind of
interesting concept I'll see what it's
like and then I think I was having like
a makeup bag reshuffle and I dropped it
in there and one of the reasons I think
this works really well is because it is
waterproof so once you put this in your
brows and I use an angled brush it
really stays where you put it I feel
like it gives my eyebrows that like just
tinted look and it's quite I mean
sometimes it looks quite natural
depending on like how much time I have
sometimes it looks quite block heavy but
I guess it's completely down to you how
much you want to use and kind of what
technique you have to apply it but I
have really really enjoyed using this
lip product I'm just going to show one
lip product otherwise I could be here
for like 20 minutes talking about every
lip color that I enjoyed wearing through
2017 so I'm just gonna show the one I
wore the most and I know this because it
went in like every handbag and it was my
go-to nude and that is the M cosmetics
in French nude and this is a liquid
lipstick I love the formulation of this
it's kind of mousse like it doesn't feel
very heavy on the lips but it lasts
really well it's a really flattering
color for my skintone I think and that's
why I really liked it I have it on today
I also have a lip gloss on top which is
why it's shiny and not matte usually
it's matte
but yeah this was definitely my most
worn lip product of 2017
I wanted to feature eyeshadows but again
I use so many different brands of
eyeshadows and I've loved so many
different ones but I do feel like a real
standout for me this year was Kylie
Jenner eyeshadows I think they are
really pigmented they blend really well
they stay on my eyes all day and I
really really enjoy using them this
palette particularly which is the
burgundy palette got a lot of love from
me for the majority of the first half of
the year and actually through the autumn
months as well so a lot of love for
Kylie eyeshadows moving on to fragrance
this one was quite easy actually I
really enjoyed looking at all my
fragrances and like deciphering which
ones I used the most because I am one of
these people that has all my like top
fragrances out and every morning like
depending on my mood I'll be like oh
I'll use this one today so there were a
lot of contenders but I have to say
these were definitely the top 3 so
number one this is the deke and Voltaire
this is her perfume and I don't know if
I feature this in a favourites I must
have done because I've been using it for
like 7 months it's amazing
this smells this is a smell that I
cannot put into words at all like I find
this impossible to explain and describe
and actually I find scents quite
impossible to explain and describe
anyway but I find this one really hard
because it just smells like nothing else
I own its see I would say it's probably
more of an evening scent for quite a few
people because it's very like all I can
say to you is it's quite a sweet smell
and I'm not the biggest fan of very
sweet scents but there's like so many
layers to this when you first put it on
it's quite sweet then it like mellows
down to something completely different
and it's also one of those scents that
when someone else is
wearing this I know it's this I just
love it I really really love it I get so
many compliments when I wear it
and yeah I reach for this a lot the next
one I absolutely loved and use all the
time is the clean reserved warm cotton
this is definitely a scent that is very
unique and I think something that is
lovely to layer with other scents clean
scents are my favorite fresh clean
fragrances are generally the genre of
fragrance I'll usually go for and this
kind of encompasses all those things in
one it straight-up smells like fresh
laundry and this is such a lovely scent
to wear in spring and summer but I wore
it the other day so not opposed to a bit
of warm cotton in the winter days either
and then last but by no means least on
the fragrance front
it's the by Rado super cedar odor path
bomb this again is an entirely different
scent to the other two in fact all three
of these scents are really different
this I bought back in March because
Tanya was wearing it on my birthday and
I remember saying to her you smell
incredible what is it you're wearing and
she said it was this and I immediately
ordered it it's kind of musky a little
bit woody but also very fresh and a bit
like molecule oh one it has like a I
always say that I always describe things
as a molecule no one but if you're
watching this and you have no idea what
molecule no one is that's really not
very helpful it's it's a bit more of a
grown-up smell I would say but it is the
sort of smell that how do you describe
this it is a fresh scent it's fresh a
little bit woody very grown-up could
also be a unisex scent I think but I
love that body now we all know I am NOT
the best at moisturizing my body in fact
I suck at it and every year I tell
myself moisturize your body this year
Zoe because it's very important when you
start getting wrinkly and saggy you're
gonna wish you did it but one product
that I did love and use a
lots of during 2017 was the sole
addition arrow Brazilian bum cream or is
it brazilian Brazilian bum bum cream
this cream is lovely it has a slight
shimmer to it which means in the summer
months when you put it on it makes your
skin look all glowy and healthy but the
one thing I love the most about it was a
descent and be how rich it felt but how
quickly it sunk into your skin you
imagine because this is quite a thick
consistency that it would take a really
long time to sink into your skin but it
doesn't it's magic you put it on and it
just disappears it's so good so
thoroughly enjoyed that skin care the
glossy a milky jelly cleanser
conditioning face wash I love this stuff
I love what it smells like I love how it
feels on the skin
I love how clean my skin feels when I
use this I use this as my second
cleanser so once I've removed my makeup
I will use this just to relieve my skin
feeling a lot more clean and I really
really enjoyed using this product a lot
the products that I have been using to
take off my makeup is actually a product
I've been using for years and years and
years but for some reason I've been
trying other products or loving other
makeup removers and I just kind of left
this one on the Shelf a bit and
forgotten about it which I think tends
to happen quite a bit with skincare and
beauty products but it is the
ever-so-popular
Liz Earle cleanse and polish there's not
a lot I can say about this that everyone
else hasn't already said I love it I
love it it's not too thick it doesn't
leave any residue on my skin and it does
the job very well I also feel like this
is a lot more gentle on my skin and my
skin likes when I use this so yeah a
rediscovery of that I've been loving
that and using that a lot hair these are
from my shower so they're a bit wet
davin s oi shampoo and conditioner I
think I have got through at least eight
bottles of this this year is that kind
of normal or is that like
a bit excessive I guess that could be
normal I don't actually know I have
saved a year of empties so I'll be doing
a video on that soon where we will find
out how many of these I actually use
through the year but I've raved about
these so much they leave my hair feeling
amazing they smell amazing there are
actually a really good price tag for the
quality of the product and I just it's
my go-to shampoo and conditioner what
more can I say
shampoo and conditioner that I've been
loving more recently but again have
gotten through a lot of bottles of this
is the Windell and moody shampoo and
conditioner I love this again it leaves
my hair feeling so like nourished and
shiny and healthy and that is what you
want from bleached hair so yeah
absolutely loved this this year so that
is everything beauty and skincare and
makeup wise that I have been loving
through 2017 if you go back through any
of my favorites there might be a couple
of more in-depth reviews if you want to
go find those but apart from that I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and it's so
great to be back thank you for all your
love and support make sure you subscribe
if you haven't subscribed already and
hit the notification bell so you always
know when I'm going to upload a video
and I will see you again very very soon
bye guys
