and everybody today I'm going to be
doing a winter ASOS haul there's so many
nice things on a sauce right now and I
apologize in advance if you get a little
bit spend happier after this video
there's a lot to get through
among make it quick we all know this
ain't going to be quick I don't know who
I'm trying to full trick who I'm trying
to pull your leg no that makes no sense
I'm in the way it is food first thing I
picked up was this now this is the most
gorgeous and soft long cardigan I have
ever laid my hands on now if my camera
could just stay focused on my face that
would be great
this is just the most beautiful cardigan
I have ever seen I have one that I
picked up quite recently which is very
similar to this but it's gray and it's
from Jack Wills bless you Nala and so
many of you see me wearing that and
you've been like oh my God where did you
get it from Jack Wills but this however
is very similar this is black and brown
kind of it's not really like zebra print
and it's not really camo it's kind of
somewhere in between but I love these
these look great with like high-waisted
mum jeans and like a white t-shirt
tucked in and then your converse or some
biker boots I just think this is going
to go with a lot even though this was on
ASOS this is a brand this is called
selected femme which I've never heard of
before but by golly they make great long
cardigans the next jumper I got is by
monkey this just amazing oversized
massive cozy holy crap if I could
describe properly how this feels
ah it's just so soft and a-mei
thing and oh my god quite a high-neck
it's not like roll neck or anything but
it is quite high up I don't know how
this colour is gonna look on me because
generally colours like this unless I
have a tan can make me look quite washed
out I can't wait to try it on
okay next jumper is this one now
although this is an ASIS gain this is a
brand this is Pullen bear I don't own
anything well before this whole video I
didn't really earn anything
leopard-print whose phone is that oh
it's mine oh my god their phones ringing
out of my laptop which is in another
room that reader me off I didn't own
anything that was leopard print mainly
because I've just always been kind of
terrified of leopard print but I feel
like it's everywhere right now so I did
tell myself at the start of like the
winter enos but I was going to buy
leopard print this winter so the first
thing on my step - leopard print is this
jumper this is from pollen bear and
although it is leopard print
I feel like this kind of breaks it up
slightly but I love this so much I mean
I shop a lot but this a sauce haul is
probably one of my favorite Asus hauls I
have ever done just because there's so
many amazing things on there right now
and oh there's just so many things I
want to show you I am getting too
excited I saw this which is a extremely
soft very fluffy jumper with a high kind
of turtleneck this I thought would look
amazing with jeans or a skirt and boots
biker boots are the possibilities are
endless but because this is also in like
a creamy white I just think it would go
with a lot and I think this looks quite
snowy and wintery
don't you just find that fabrics in the
winter are so much softer and just more
just like ah a Mosin I also picked up
this which is another like longline
cardigan but this one is a lot thinner
and this is in grey and it's got
three-quarter length sleeves and this is
by the brand stitch and pieces and I
remember this being really reasonably
reasonably priced I think if you're
layering quite a lot this is quite a
nice one to throw on obviously this
isn't going to give you much warmth
because as you can see you can see
through it but for layering I think this
would be perfect
speaking of layering I feel like under a
lot of jackets and a lot of coats I like
to generally wear out these hoodies it's
nice to have a hood I like it especially
if I'm wearing a bomber or something
that doesn't have heard so I picked up
this this is just simply a car key hoody
and I really like it very basic does the
job can go under a lot of different
garments yeah very happy with that I
feel like those are the sorts of things
that you not forget to buy but you don't
think of them as like staples when
actually every time I've wanted to do
that with an outfit I've gone to use our
fees and I was like why am I not just
ordering myself some hoodies to throw on
underneath things get yourself some
hoodies to wear under just plain ones
just to wear underneath other kind of
outer jackets because I'm a sort of
person that although I really like
wearing big kind of wintery coats in
that kind of autumn II wintery stage
when it's not like really cold but you
want a jacket cause it's quite brisk I
really like that word brisk you're going
to want to layer so you can take layers
off if you get too hot and put them back
on if you get too cold so a hoodie
speaking of layering and being cold and
too hot one thing that I have to have
during winter is a hat I have a lot of
bobble hats it just never stops me
buying more I really like this one
because it's grey and it has a really
lovely like dark green pom
I actually think this color green is one
of my favorite colors and I never know
how to properly describe it it's like a
Beatle green I don't know there you go
that's better
I love it kind of a guess emerald beetle
green but yes so I got this hat this is
actually a misguided hat I also got this
one which is kind of like a rusty color
and I got this one which is also a rusty
color
this one's misguided but the pom-pom was
like more furry I guess it's slightly
more like red rust as opposed to orange
rust I've got quite the collection and
rusty hats now I also bought this scarf
because and I'll tell you why I have a
lot of scarves that require being
wrapped around a lot of times so ones to
keep your neck warm basically I don't
however have a lot of scarfs that only
require you to wrap it around once or
for you to just leave hanging and that
is what this one is because it's a lot
shorter you can literally just wrap it
round and leave it hanging down or wrap
it round once and it's not too much
fabric actually very hard to come by
these
so I mean you're all going to think I'm
being ridiculous but it is it's really
hard because so many scarves are so
thick obviously because the whole point
of the scarf is to keep your neck warm
but sometimes you just want one this
kind of looks good but it's also
available to keep your neck warm if you
need to you know and also I love the
colors of this one oh this is a
reclaimed vintage one I also bought some
new tights
these are from new look and these are 40
Deni air I have a lot of 120 Dan yet or
like literally the darkest you can get I
don't however have any sheer ones and I
feel like sheer tights at the moment
with little ankle socks are very in so I
got myself some lighter ones I
also got some even lighter than this I
don't know where they are and then
because these were so cute
I couldn't resist them I got these
gorgeous little socks that are like I
mean they're not going to keep your feet
warm they're basically just for fashion
but they've got these little tiny
irregular polka dots on them and they
are clear I think these would just look
really pretty with some heels or I don't
know sticking out the top of biker boots
whatever floats your boat
moving on to shoes I have two pairs to
show you you may or may not know that I
pretty much live in my converse I have
high tops and I have just normal low
wrap underneath your ankle converse
that's probably not what they're called
so I thought I would treat myself and
get some new ones but I got these white
with kind of smeared gold on the ends I
love them I can't wait to wear them I
just think converse go with everything
like there is no outfit that you can't
put converse to and the amount of times
I've put something on and I've gone down
to my shoes and I thought how the hell
am I going to make this outfit work with
any of my shoes and without fail you
could put converse on and it goes so if
you don't own a pair of Converse already
I highly suggest you do also got some
boots these are from a brand called lot
Inc which I have never heard of before
but they look so cool I was actually
inspired by my good friend Tanya burr
who has some boots like these in like a
blue velvet is it a fan of it I want to
say a velvet or a swing and they
basically go up your ankle a little bit
more than normal and so I bought these
in a black with a little zip that goes
all the way to
just because I think these are so cool I
love them so thanks for the in spoke to
be the only thing is you're going to
have to show me what the hell I wear
them with now onto the last little bit
but also the most exciting bit and that
is coats
I love coats the first one is this one
oh my god I'm just going to be like
living my inner Pat butcher and I just
can't wait this is from you look and it
is a faux fur leopard print coat and
it's furry and soft and amazing and it
has a v-neck and a little collar and I
don't know how I'm gonna make this work
but I really want to and I hope this
looks good on because I love it
wait the next one is this which is kind
of like a jacket / over shirt and this
is in a khaki color and it's from pollen
bear and it's got like rolled-up sleeves
I would say it comes down just below
your hips um but it was the back that I
was like so obsessed with look how
beautiful this pattern is on the back of
this jacket oh I love it and if you had
like a gray hoodie under this I'm loving
these like outer kind of over shirts and
jackets and then there's this one which
is kind of like a car key jacket /
winter coat which is a bit more out
there but I love it so this again is
pulling better obviously a sauce though
and it has this faux fur collar and it's
in that same kaki color and on the back
it looks like
there now I appreciate that this
probably isn't everyone's cup of tea I
actually really like it again with like
a hoodie underneath and like biker boots
and black skinny jeans I think this
would look really cool in winter maybe
with a bubble hat or the little scarf oh
god I can't wait I just love fashion in
winter and that is everything that I
bought from a sauce so I really hope you
enjoyed that I will leave a link to
everything that I bought in the
description box as always make sure to
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you again
tomorrow bye
