hello today in my video I'm going to be
doing a bar and Bodyworks Christmas haul
I'm so excited about this and I know you
guys really like my Bath and Body Works
hauls I am sorry if you cannot get hold
but the body works or if you're watching
this in the UK and it just makes you
really angry because you want them and
there's no easy way of getting them but
I love them and I can't not share these
with you because I smell them for those
of you who are confused as to how I get
these delivered I've set up an account
with a company that folds on packages
from America which you can do there are
multiple ones that you can choose you
just have to kind of search it and find
a good one but they basically give you
an address in the States and then
forward you anything that you order in
the States that's how I've done it
anyway so first thing is this this is
the twisted peppermint scented candle
and it has this little polar bear on it
I really like the packaging in this one
it has a kind of Christmas tree lid all
my god smells like candy canes I love it
cool peppermint sugared snow vanilla
butter cream fresh balsam with a hint of
musk oh my god so far so good because
that is amazing next up is spiced
gingerbread this is I love the packaging
of these ones I think these ones are my
favorite with the light little
illustrations and again it has the
silver tree on the top and this one says
that it has a notes of spiced
gingerbread vanilla icing sparkling
cinnamon sugar and fresh ground nutmeg
is this going to smell better than my
gingerbread candle dies the question oh
it's very similar I'll give you that
this is kind of more spiced I think it's
good though is really good the next one
you might notice I've already burnt it
I'm sorry I couldn't wait this is tis
the season and again this packaging is
lovely it has little like bull balls all
the way
around it I like it oh my goodness this
smells like Christmas in a candle this
has red apples freshly ground cinnamon
and deep green pine
it smells like an apple wreath it smells
incredible next up we have marshmallow
fireside now this isn't specific to
Christmas they had this in the kind of
more Ottoman sense however my candle
fell down in my office and smashed
everywhere so when I saw that they had
like repackaged it in Christmas
packaging I had to get it because I love
this smell this has notes of toasted
marshmallow smoldering words fire
roasted vanilla and crystallized camper
next up is a little Thanksgiving one now
we don't celebrate Thanksgiving here in
the UK but this just looked too cute and
it is the sweet cinnamon scent which
they seem to put into quite a lot I
think some of the Halloween ones had
that scent as well harvest pumpkin
spiced clove Anila cream and brown sugar
look has a turkey on the lid as well
aiyaaa Thanksgiving 2016 it says on it
cute that would be a lovely gift
I mean Thanksgivings gone now so maybe
next year I also picked up this one this
is flannel now again this comes out in
the more kind of autumnal range but I
didn't get it this year for some reason
and then I saw it in the Christmas
packaging and I was like oh I haven't
got that yet and I really liked it was
Ricky oh it smells like fresh clean man
basically notes of crisp winter air
bergamot heirloom mahogany and soft musk
this is such a fresh clean scent not
necessarily one that I would put with
Christmas if you're like me you like
things to smell Christmasy like the
clove and the cinnamon and all that
goodness then you might not like this
but it's good to burn any time of the
year it's very fresh and clean
next up is evergreen this has notes of
crisp white fir needles forest cedar
wood sweet evergreen SAP so I'm assuming
this is going to smell like a Christmas
tree ah it does smell like a Christmas
tree oh that's good that's a good
representation of a Christmas tree as
well because I feel like that's such a
hard smell to get right but that really
does smell like it that's nice
oh I'm excited about this one this is
the hot cocoa and cream scented candle
so this has notes of decadent milk
chocolate fresh steamed milk and mini
marshmallows mmm
if you held this under my nose of my
eyes shut I honestly would be able to
tell the difference between an actual
hot chocolate or this candle
that's so good I love that okay I need
to burn this off for this video I also
love this packaging look it has like
mittens and everything on it it's just
like the cutest little winter scene this
is called winter so this has notes of
white words pine needles sparkling
clementines and spiced clothes Oh
oh my god this is my favorite one so far
this smells like a garden center at
Christmas where you have all the
different Christmasy scents I think it's
the orange and cloven s that I really
love there is something about that more
kind of citrusy Christmas smell that
reminds me of like my childhood and I
think it's because my mum used to dry
oranges on the radiators I loved that
but then I can also smell the pine
needles that's my favorite on so far
holy crap that is amazing next up we
have maple cinnamon pancakes warm maple
syrup fluffy buttermilk pancakes and
fresh ground cinnamon I'm assuming this
is gonna be quite sweet
that might be just a smidgen too sweet
for me oh my god very strong and scent
though I think I'm going to burn it and
see what it kind of smells like when I
let it was it called air rate no just
let smell circulate the house but
actually sniffing it in here whoo
if you like your sweet scent though you
love that okay this next one is fresh
balsam again I love this packaging look
it's so pretty I wish I'd got more of
these like Christmas presents now oops
all okay what's this woodland balsam
crisp eucalyptus fir branches and cedar
wood this smells like a Christmas tree
way more than evergreen if you want
something that smells as close to a
Christmas tree as possible I think you
prefer this one that is a Christmas tree
and a candle love that and the last
candle is vanilla bean Noel has a little
reindeer on it which I really like I
love the color
frosted glass and founders link sorry
cool car this one doesn't really smell
of anything
this one doesn't smell is strong but
it's a very light vanilla resent I think
it's one of the those ones that you
could light all year round and you
wouldn't necessarily know it was
Christmas Eve fresh vanilla bean warm
caramel whipped cream snow kissed musk
and sugar cookies oh it's like a sweet
smell although a lot more discreet than
the other one so if you prefer sweet
smells but not in such a like high
intensity you might like that okay so
next I bought a lot of shower gels I
really like Bath and Body Works shower
gel I get through it quite quickly I
like putting it in my guest bathrooms
however I'm never going to get through
all these and I am aware of that so I
think some of these will be finding
their way into people's stockings this
Christmas but I want to show you which
one they picked up anyway so we have
snowflakes and Kashmir which I have no
idea what this is going to smell like
okay so this has cashmere cream
shimmering vanilla frost
Clementine golden amber and caramel
walls Oh what does that remind me of it
smells like a perfume I used to wear on
lights-out oh my god I've just been
transported to house parties when I
would like sixteen this was amazing
okay keeping that one for myself next up
is vanilla bean Noel
but in shower gel form so this says
fashionably warm caramel cookies cookies
whipped cream and Sunkist musk I like
how the shower gels aren't an exact
representation of the candles they
always have like a musky undertone which
makes them a little nicer to like wash
with and have on your body not sure
about that one it's very sweet not sure
that might be in someone's knocking next
up we have a gingerbread latte I'm very
excited about this one oh yeah love that
it smells more kind of fresh
gingerbread next up is winter candy
apple again this reminds me of something
and I don't know what but it smells like
something that I've used before it says
it has key notes of red apple winter
rose petals candied orange maple leaf
and fresh cinnamon that is the great one
next up is frosted coconut snowball
which I really like sound off because I
love coconut and I'm wondering how they
can make coconut not summery key notes
of frosted coconut North Pole vanilla
winter freesia snow kissed woods and
spun sugar
oh my god okay you could use this in
summer like that's quite a summery smell
I'm going to use this in summer I love
that next up we have twisted peppermint
and since I absolutely loved the smell
of the candle I feel like I'm gonna
really like this yeah it's like a candy
cane but one you can wash with and I am
digging that last about my no means
least in the way of shower gel we have
fresh sparkling snow oh this has shear
and vitamin E in it um keynotes iced
pear frozen melon winter Apple snowdrop
blossom and frosted musk that's not what
I thought it would smell like it smells
like a really fruity yogurt I quite like
that mmm I then picked up a couple of
the body creams I also got frosted
coconut snowball in the body cream which
after smelling the shower gel I'm really
really happy I did that also got vanilla
bean Noel in the body cream I got the
gingerbread latte in the body cream I
really like this packaging and I also
got winter candy apple in the body cream
as well and then the last thing I am
going to show you was a little set of
hand sanitizers so in there you got
fresh sparkling snow which is like
glittery it looks like ice is amazing
snow kissed citrus frosted cranberry
winter white woods what does that smell
like
Oh what is that
and then sparkling mint blossom or way
to smell this one as well oh my god I
love that one
so those are all bits and pieces that I
picked up from Bath and Body Works I
really hope you guys enjoyed this haul
I'm gonna go and spread these candles
around my house now and get lighting
them give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I will be seeing you
again tomorrow also let me know if
you're enjoying 24 days of zoella so far
which has been your favorite video which
ones you re looking forward to I would
love to hear from you so yes see you
tomorrow and I love you very much good
bye
