hello everybody today I am going to be
chatting you through some of the things
I think would make amazing stocking
fillers all the things I've curated are
under 20 pounds so I'm not going to be
giving you prices I will leave
everything in the description box so if
you're interested in buying any for your
friends or family or even for yourself
then the links will be down below but
I'm not going to chat through each price
because we just know it's under 20
pounds I think the under 20 pound price
point for Christmas presents or stocking
fillers is probably the most useful for
me because generally like bigger
presents are slightly easier to buy and
it's the smaller things that you want to
put in stockings that you still want to
have like some meaning and you want the
person that you're giving them to to
really like them and I just find the
smaller presents really really difficult
I also think that these are great for
Secret Santas if you have like an office
party or you're meeting with your
friends and you're all doing Secret
Santa and you have a budget I hope you
find this useful there's quite a random
mixture of everything I don't really
have categories I've just selected all
the things I love but I think you will -
or at least someone you know I'm going
to kick it off with Beauty the first
thing that I personally think I would
absolutely love in a stocking of mine
this year hint hint is one of these this
is a Emma Hardy cleansing balm in a
little metal ball and you open it and
you get a travel size now and you also
get a little flannel I think this is
great for someone who might want to try
out the cleanser because as you guys
know it is one of my favorite cleansers
ever but also I actually have a really
large tub of this so whenever I go away
for a weekend I'm going to stay at
someone's house I take my huge ass pot
with me what I could do with it
a travel-size pot so I just think this
is the perfect gift for any skincare
lovers or any Emma Hardy lovers another
ball I love this packaging I just think
it's amazing this is by Charlotte
Tilbury I absolutely love Charlotte
Tilbury she has some amazing products
and she has some really amazing
Christmas beauty kits but sticking with
the under 20-pound budget you can get
yourself this and inside you get a mini
eyeliner in black and you also get the
legendary lashes mascara a little mini
one which again are great for travel but
also great for people that might want to
try out any new makeup or give the
Charlotte Tilbury
makeup the go the next thing I have is
by my lovely friend Tanya burr who also
has a range in super drug and her
Christmas products are amazing there is
something for everyone of all different
price ranges including lots of different
products within them and I think
although I love her makeup products all
year round
I think her Christmas boxes and kits and
gifts are so adorable I absolutely love
them and they are a very good price
so this is magnetic and opens and this
is called the beautifully defined now it
was really hard for me to pick a
favorite to show you guys in this video
because I loved all of them but this one
was hands-down my favorite so you open
it like this and then inside you have a
little mirror you also have these three
beautiful eyeshadow shades I think
that's what sold me
you've got silky pajamas cuddle me and
baking brownies but all three of these
colors are like my go-to nude colors you
also have a highlighter in champagne
shimmer and a bronzer in caramel kisses
or caramel kiss and then you also have a
little mini liquid highlighter I love
this moving swiftly on to
something of mine because it wouldn't be
a stocking filler video if I couldn't
include a few of my products because
they are pretty much all under 20 pounds
this I think is one of my favorite
things that I have released this year
into the gifting range and Superdrug and
this is the secret Center inside it has
all of the fragrances I've ever released
in miniature form I just feel like
everyone needs miniature perfumes I
think these are the perfect gift because
there's also four different scents so I
feel like there's something for everyone
oh look I'm going to spray this one this
is the gingerbread one they're also in
glass bottles as well so they're really
lovely quality next up is this this is
the pixie skin treat best of bright and
this has three mini pixie products in it
pixie again is another skincare brand I
absolutely love and I think are of a
super reasonable price and I think a lot
of people would love to receive this
whether they're already a fan of pixie
or they've never discovered any of the
products before this would be perfect it
comes with a glycolic glycolic speak
today
it comes with a glycolic cleanser
exfoliating toner and a purifying mask
again perfect for travel and also just
super cute everything in miniature is
just so much cuter last in the beauty is
this this is Neil now neon is quite a
luxury brand they're oils and candles
are quite I don't know they have a
slightly higher price point however this
is under 20 pounds and it is the cutest
little stocking filler ever I would
absolutely love to get this in my
stocking this is the neon organics all I
want for Christmas is a moment of calm
bath shower oil and farm collection so
inside this you get a little de-stress
hand balm and you all
to get a bath and shower oil these oils
are incredible so if you know someone
that needs a moment of karma Christmas
I'm pretty sure they would love to
receive this although I know this is for
under 20 pounds I do just want to
quickly show you something else in the
Beauty category that's 22 pounds so if
you have a extra 2 pounds and this is
the only product where I've gone over I
just thought it was worth sharing with
you because I love this so much and it
is the Too Faced melted Merry Christmas
ultimate liquefied lipstick set you guys
know how much I love these and to have
minis in a little kit in Christmas
packaging I think is just the most
perfect thing you know someone who loves
their liquid lipstick or who loves
wearing lipstick in general I think they
would really love this it comes in four
shades you've got chocolate honey
Chihuahua fig and Lady balls which is
matte I just really like that if you
have the extra two pounds and you know
someone who loved it I thought it'd be
we're sharing moving on to more
lifestyle bits and pieces I have this
which I really like this is by monkey
and I got this on a sauce this was only
10 pounds and it is a sleepy candle in
the scent bubblegum I've never lit a
candle with the scent bubblegum before
but I just thought this looked so
adorable how lovely is this packaging oh
and the actual candle is so cute
speaking of candles it's a zoella
lifestyle candle again it just would
have been really weird black candles and
not include one of my own so I mean I
should probably stop apologizing for
mentioning my own products at what point
do I get to stop apologizing for
mentioning my own products so this is
the gingerbread candle this is exclusive
to super drug and you open it like this
it's like origami goodness and you've
got the candle in
I'd has a little safety thing on it that
you supposed to remove before you burn
it my gosh it's gingerbread it's called
gingerbread village and it smells of
gingerbread it smells incredible
I just think Oh to Christmas this would
be the perfect gift oh and also once you
open the box it has this inside I just
don't know how anyone could throw the
boxes away like the box is one of my
favorite bits obviously the candles
great - oh hello Nala welcome to the
video another thing that I think is
quite a nice little stocking filler is
tea that might sound kind of boring and
I don't mean of the kind of PG tipps
variety although if you know someone
who's a massive fan of PG tipps I don't
know what my dog eating hang on what you
eating but yeah if you know someone who
likes PG tipps
why not I mean if they need stocking up
do it you can buy the bumper box um but
actually there are some really lovely
tea companies that make the most amazing
different flavors and mixtures of tea
and I don't know it's just the sort of
thing that you don't really buy yourself
but it's nice to receive I don't know I
could be the only one there but I have
to to show you so this is from a company
called Bluebird tea company who are
based in Brighton they do some of the
most amazing teas you've ever seen and
they're Christmas gifting is so cute
this is like a big clear bubble filled
with my favorite festive tea that they
do they do a number of different flavors
but this one is my favorite this is
snowball so you get 10 luxury teabags
and it says hand packed into a giant
ball ball perfect for your Christmas
tree or Secret Santa chocolate
marshmallows and coconut in this
Christmas tea and it just tastes
incredible in fact after I finished
filming this video I'm going to go make
myself a snowball tea because I love it
and I just think it's the nicest gift to
pop in someone stocking another one I
thought it would be worth mentioning is
this one this is firebrand called the
kettle shed and this is carrot cake tea
you can get so many amazing flavors of
tea that I had absolutely no idea about
and there's all these amazing brands
that do them Oh
we give a cup give a cup story at the
shed we really do give a cup which is
why every time you buy a box of fuze o
bags we donate tea directly to homeless
shelters across the UK that's so cool I
love that this is quite random but I
thought it was really cute and I don't
remember where I got it from I think it
might have been Oliver bonus no no idea
this is a grow your own Christmas tree
obviously this was not very expensive
but again if you are trying to fill
stockings and you want a couple of like
cheap a bit and a few more expensive
bits I just thought this was such a cute
idea Merry Christmas
everything you need is inside growing
Christmas tree and you can write to and
then from on the back I would love one
day to have this mammoth Christmas tree
in my house that grew from this I just
think it's so cool I love it another
thing that I thought was quite cool
which appeared in my p.o box the other
day is this this is the original
marshmallow toasting kit by the naked
marshmallow company how amazing would
this be as a gift you can toast your own
marshmallows so I think you can go
online and create the box you can pick
what flavors you want in this one I have
strawberry cream marshmallows and salted
caramel marshmallows and then we also
get the sticks and you get the chafing
fuel gel to cook your marshmallows over
I don't know I just thought that was
quite a nice kind of unisex gift I would
love to receive something like this get
toasting marshmallows in the evening of
Christmas or something another thing I
thought that was worth mentioning for
any book clubbers out there obviously
there are a lot of amazing books that
you can buy or if you know your friends
are into a certain type of genre I think
it's really nice to go out and select a
book that you think they might like but
when I was in anthropology they had
now I love these these are some of my
favorite front covers of books I have
ever seen so they do classic stories and
they've redesigned the covers and I have
a couple of these and I just think they
make the perfect gift for anyone who
loves reading especially if their
favorite classic book has also been done
as well the illustrations are by Anna
bond and I just think they're so
beautiful they're the sort of books that
you want to leave out so that everyone
can see moving into more stationery
based things I have two books here this
one is from oh dear or also sold in
Urban Outfitters and I believe they have
a number of different journals like this
but with different front covers I just
really love these I think these are so
great so on each day you can fill in any
date you want and you've got the day of
the month the objective notes to-do
lists more objectives and then you get a
timetable all the way down the side I
just think for anyone who needs to get
more organized next year this would be
the perfect gift I also thought this was
worth mentioning too because sometimes
it's quite nice to customize a gift
somebody and Cromer do these
customizable journals or Diaries they
actually did this one for me and I
thought it was so cool I had to share it
with you
do you get notes pages you get a big
page for every day and then you get the
month ahead important date it just has
everything you need in it and you can
customize the front you could put your
name you could put a quote that you like
you can really go to town and again if
you know someone who needs a nice
journal or someone who needs to get more
organized I think this would be a really
lovely gift speaking of getting more
organized it's as well a lifestyle
stationery book or basically is oh it's
got my actually got my list in it I love
this because it has everything I need
all in one place it says she designed a
life she loved and this bit
magnetic you open out and you have an
arrow which I find really useful if I'm
going through different papers or I need
to be reminded of things an ASAP if
something is to be done is that you also
have a little exclamation mark if
there's something you don't understand
or something you need to go back over I
think these are especially good for
revision as well some little notes like
normal post-it notes with marble effect
and then I've got a list here and then
on this side you have like a weekly
planner so you've got
day and night and you've got all the
day's then highlight of the week and
next week's goals and then once you're
done you can tear it off and start the
next week underneath it's basically a
massive book of post-it notes and we all
know someone who loves post-it notes way
too much the last two things are books
so the first one is this one which I
love I feel like I have so many friends
who would love this book it's called the
curated closet and it is a simple system
for discovering your personal style and
building your dream wardrobe there's so
many great tips in here about
decluttering choosing things for you
helping build your wardrobe - how
exactly how you would want it to be and
it's also really beautifully like shots
and just yeah I really really like this
it has some really useful tips in it and
we all know someone who has extremely
messy wardrobe the next book I also feel
like so many people I know would love
this and it is this this is called
bringing the outside in this was from
oliver bonus and this is actually a gift
for someone so i'm hoping they don't
watch this video
but it's the essential guide to cacti
succulents planters and terrariums so
everything you need to know about
keeping plants in your house
specifically plants that aren't really
supposed to die I say supposed to
because I have killed a few succulents
in my time it has some really lovely
pictures and tips and tricks in it and I
love it so that is everything that I
wanted to share with you that I think
would make an amazing stocking filler
for somebody you know or somebody you
don't know even there are some great
things in there for anybody really as I
said I'll leave a link down below to
everything I mentioned where I can find
it and also be sure to leave any
suggestions in the comments if you know
any amazing gifts or any that you've
bought already for somebody then let
other people know because we can all
share ideas and that way no one's going
to be stuck for any presents to give
anybody thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you again tomorrow bye
