hello everybody welcome back to my
kitchen I know you love when I do baking
I know you love it even more when I do
quick and easy treats so today I'm going
to show you how I created five very
quick very easy things that you can do
if you're having a Christmas party or
you're having your friends round or you
can pick and choose a couple of your
favorites to treat yourself on a cold
miserable winter's day so let's get
started the first treat I'm going to be
chatting you through are some chocolate
orange cookies now I am using my lovely
friend Tanya bear's recipe but instead
of dime bars I am adding tiny little
Terry's chocolate orange segments which
are full of pin delicious first thing
you're going to want to do is put 200
grams of unsalted butter at room
temperature in a bowl next thing you
want to add is 300 grams of caster sugar
sounds like a lot is a lot obviously eat
these in moderation and then using my
trusty hand whisk I'm going to cream
this together until it's really soft and
fluffy next you need to crack in one
medium sized egg and beat that in
if you don't have a hand whisk ask for
one for Christmas because it honestly is
just the best thing now it's time to add
in all your dry ingredients so we have
275 grams of self-raising flour and 75
grams of cocoa powder and then you also
want to add a little bit of milk just
until you feel like the consistency
isn't as dry back to with now all your
ingredients are combined and you have
cookie dough it's time to add your
chocolate I like to use milky bars I
feel like if you're not the biggest fan
of white chocolate it really doesn't
matter in these because it just works
generally I don't really eat white
chocolate on its own but in these
cookies it's amazing and then I'm going
to add a little bit of Dairy Milk and
then my little segment of Terry's
chocolate orange this is essentially
like a less four in a bowl these cookies
are not for the faint-hearted okay it's
all I'm saying once you combine
everything together on your baking trays
lined with some baking sheet you just
want to grab a big old handful now I
actually do put a lot into one cookie
I'm not too sure if Tom was watching
this she might say I make them too big
but I quite like them like this and just
going to shove a little orange segment
in the top of that one all that's gonna
be good in once you've got them all
lined out on your baking tray depending
on the size that you want to go for I've
gone for quite big so I've got seven out
of that but if you want to go smaller
you'll get a couple more you want to pop
them in a preheated oven at 200 degrees
Celsius for ten to eleven minutes
one thing that will confuse you a lot is
that they won't look baked take them out
it's absolutely fine and then leave them
to set on the side the third
two minutes before tucking into them the
second treat are very easy very
straightforward gingerbread truffles now
I absolutely love gingerbread all year
round but I feel like this video would
not be a Christmas treats video if I
didn't have some gingerbread in it first
thing you are going to want to do is get
an entire pack of ginger nut biscuits
and using a blender or a processor or
something that's going to crush these
into very very fine breadcrumbs you're
going to watch pop those all in this
looks like it's sponsored by neutral
color it isn't now that you have a bowl
full of very fine gingerbread crumbs you
need to get yourself some cream cheese
and using a spoon you simply want to
spoon in a generous dollop you want to
mix this together until you reach the
perfect consistency so you want it so
that as you roll it it just forms a ball
you don't want to make it too wet with
the cream cheese so you have to be quite
careful with this bit this is really
messy and very sticky
tastes delicious though you now want to
bring together the mixture and make
small balls like so and pop them down on
a tray with a baking sheet feel free to
make these any size you want by the way
I like them kind of generously mouth
sized so that you could pop the whole
thing if you wanted to if you were
feeling daring or you can bite it in
half and then you've got more in one now
you want to pop these in the freezer for
30 minutes just that they go hard now
that your little cheesecake balls have
hardened in the freezer it is time to
dip them in melted white chocolate which
I have just melted this isn't just
something you can buy unfortunately we
would all of that so using a cocktail
stick you want to stick it into your
ball as far as you can go but don't go
too far because then it will come out
the other end
and you simply want to twist it in the
chocolate making sure to coat every
little bit once you've coated just tap
it on the side of the bowl and gently
spin it just to get off any excess
chocolate and then place it down on the
paper and you have to decorate it now
because they've been frozen the
chocolate sets quite quickly so I'm
using some chocolate sprinkles and
popping those on top so don't four of
them with the chocolate sprinkles but
the other remaining four I'm going to do
slightly differently so I'm going to do
what I did before and coat them in the
chocolate and we're just going to leave
them there now with the last four I am
just going to use a squeezy tube of
chocolate icing and I'm going to do some
decorate
it's like something from Thornton's and
there you go
that is your completed gingerbread
cheesecake truffles
these next treats are Christmas tree
brownies which I saw on Pinterest and I
just had to give them a go because they
looked amazing first thing you need to
do is pre-heat your oven to 170 degrees
Celsius and grease and line a brownie
tin so I have that ready also I'm using
a brownie mix for a box which I know
some people won't want to do and that's
fine if you can find a recipe or you can
make really kick-ass brownies then you
can use your own but because I wanted to
make this quite quick and easy and
actually the fun is in the decorating
I'm using trusty Betty Crocker today so
you want to do the really hard task of
emptying the bag into a bowl be careful
this could go very wrong this is very
now open the bag and it goes that we
won't actually go through next thing you
want to do is add three tablespoons of
vegetable oil
five tablespoons of water and one medium
egg and then all that's left for you to
do is mix that together then you
literally want to pour this into your
baking tin this then needs to go into
the oven or 20 to 25 minutes once your
brownie has completely cooled down oops
you want to take out of your tin and
peel it off if you want to cut your
brownie into Christmas tree shaped
triangles once you have cut out your
triangles from your brownie it is time
to make some very green Christmas tree
icing then you can of course make this
from scratch
if you want to but because we're trying
to do this really quick and easy and
I've got all my guests arriving very
soon I'm going to use some more Betty
Crocker vanilla icing
and no this video is not sponsored by
Betty Crocker so I'm going to spin that
into a bowl I'm then going to add some
americolor electric green you can get
green food coloring it's probably better
to use a gel I really like these I got
these on eBay just because I feel like
the American colors are really actually
very vibrant and that's exactly what we
want and then using our trusty food bag
we're going to spoon the icing in twist
it for your mixture type bag and then
snip off the corner now you can snip off
quite a big bit if you want your
Christmas tree swells to be quite wide
and take up quite of the brownie or you
can trim off a really tiny bit I'm going
to go for a tiny bit on these ones and
then you just want to start at the top
and work your way down to the bottom so
now you've done your little Christmas
tree Wiggles it's time to decorate so I
have these some gold and silver and
white stars I'm going to sprinkle some
of these on now this bit is quite fiddly
you want some stalks for your Christmas
trees so we're going to break some mini
candy canes where they Bend because we
don't need the best bit and we're going
to stick it up the bottom of the
Christmas tree and there we go your
Christmas tree brownies for this next
treat I'm going to show you how to make
chocolate Rice Krispies Christmas
puddings these are so cute the first
thing you're gonna need to do is put 50
grams of unsalted butter into a saucepan
and melt on lower heat you need to add
180 grams of marshmallows and continue
to stir until the marshmallows have
fully melted once the marshmallows have
fully melted take them off the heat and
add 100 grams of rice krispies and mix
together leave that to the side and then
in a bowl over boiling water you need to
melt 200 grams of milk chocolate once
you have your rice krispies
and marshmallows and your motr chocolate
you want to combine the two together all
you want to do is simply roll them up
into little balls and pop them on a
lined baking tin now you just need to
pop this in the fridge to chill for 10
minutes now that your rice krispies
balls have cooled down in the fridge all
you need is a freezer bag and some
melted white chocolate and you just want
to pull that down into the corner unless
you have a lot of piping bags available
but this is kind of a quick hack fold
over the bag and just twist it as you
would with a piping bag and then what
you're going to want to do is just cut a
very teeny piece of the corner of the
bag and then because we want to make
these look like little Christmas
puddings you just want to do a little
dollop of white chocolate on the top and
don't worry it does run down the sides
but that's what you want it to be so it
doesn't need to be neat and the
chocolate does set quite quickly for
pieces of Holly I'm just using little
tiny green tree sprinkles and I'm just
going to stick two in side-by-side then
for the red berries I'm going to use
these tiny little red balls that are
part of this very festive little pack of
sprinkles and I'm going to pop two of
those on her Christmas pudding that are
for there you go those are your little
mini Christmas pudding rice krispies
balls you just want to leave these on
the sides of the white chocolate can set
or you can pop them back in the fridge
and for the last treat we are doing some
pretzel wreaths which is just a really
fun very quick and very easy way to make
pretzels a little bit more delicious
first thing you're going to want to do
is melt some white chocolate or if you
prefer you can use milk chocolate or
dark chocolate get yourself some salted
pretzels and starting on the curly end
you want to dip this in your white
chocolate only halfway and you want to
make this really cute little star effect
then going back in with more pretzels
but they
time with the pointed end dip that
halfway into the chocolate and pop that
in between two of the pretzels that is
your pretzel risk the only thing I'm
going to do is to put a little bit of
white chocolate just around it just to
make sure it's cementing the pretzels
together now you have your melted white
chocolate that has formed your pretzel
wreath you can decorate it however you
like I have quite the selection of
festive sprinkles that I'm going to go
to town yes some of these on cute so
there you go that is how you make
pretzel wreaths you can then tie a
little bit of string in them if you want
to hang them like an actual wreath or
you just eat them so I'm going to pop
these in the fridge now to set and then
I will get them out later to display for
my fake party that I'm not really having
even though it looks like I am and I
probably should because I'm never going
to eat all this myself so there we go
this is my table of Christmas treats I
am so happy with every single thing I
have made today I feel like there's
something for everybody but of course
very chocolatey very sweet so make sure
you're making these with in moderation
so I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video make sure if you create any of
these to tag me on Twitter and Instagram
so I can see them and let me know what
you think give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you again
tomorrow bye
