when I said I was doing 24 days ago well
a lot of you requested I do a video
showing you all the new things that lush
have to offer this Christmas being the
huge fan of lush that I am is that how
you say it did I just say that right
what was that grammatically very
incorrect so actually although these
products have been out for a while I
know that a lot of you might want to get
your friends or your family some of
these for Christmas because I think bath
products make amazing gifts but also I
know that a lot of you also share my
love for lush which is why lush actually
very kindly sent me one of everything oh
my god
one of everything that they have for
Christmas because they are just the most
generous people in the world I would say
I've probably been buying lush Christmas
products for six or seven years and
every Christmas I get more and more
excited about what new products they
might have on offer I'm also going to be
demoing some of my favorite ones to
share with you as well because there are
a lot of products I'm not going to go
into too much detail
I'm literally this is going to be a lot
of showing I'm not a lot of telling
we'll start with shower gels Twilight
so settle down with a dusty blend of
sweet tonka Hedy yelling Lang and
soothing benzoin resin oeid Forty Winks
is only a multi shower away oh it smells
lovely quite like lavender E it does
smell like it would really send you up
to sleep next up we have punch I think
that's how you pronounce it I'm not sure
tequila add some zest the Fiesta with
fresh orange juice okay so this is very
citrusy oh I really like that and
generally I'm not a fan of orange cents
but that is really good next up we have
the classic Snow Fairy which isn't
actually my fave it is a lot of people's
fav it's very very
huit I think for any of you who prefer
to shower with a very sweet scent you
will love this I actually do have some
of this in my guest shower because
although it's not my favorite and a lot
of people who do like it a lot
Rose Jam this says Turkish roads
absolute and conditioning Argan oils
dance their Disney floral fragrance over
skin leaving a gentle lingering perfume
behind so this smells of roses so if you
like that kind of Rose kind of fresh
Turkish Delight kind of smell you'll
really like this bubbly now I don't know
if I've heard of this one before a buck
says breakfast boost packed full of
sweet orange oil and fresh grape juice
to help your morning go off with a bang
or should that be a pop well this would
be a nice one to use on Christmas
morning oh I like that
so this is like a different kind of
orange to this one this one smells more
like it reminds me of something and I
don't know what it reminds me of I
really really like that
moving on to bath bombs this is the
never mind the ballistics bath bomb whoo
oh it feels really like it doesn't feel
very powdery on this side it says create
a sunset in your bath fragrance with
sweet orange and lime oils watches the
yellow and red layers intertwine to
create a dusky orange color the red side
of color is coated in a layer of fair
trade cocoa butter to give your skin an
extra treat that's why it doesn't feel
like a bath bomb oh it smells nice it's
really fresh I think that's going to be
a winner next up we have mistletoe so it
would love this festive season and give
the gift of kisses watch as it fizzes
away pink and green that mix to create a
sensual deep purple this bath bomb is
romantically fragrance with floral
jasmine exotic ylang ylang and earthly
vert aver oh okay I love the scent of
this one it's quite like soft it's not
too overpowering love that next we have
the father Christmas bath bombs which
they bring back every year everyone
loves him there he is
this little cheeky face oh ok so he
smells a little bit like Snow Fairy but
a much lighter
so it's quite sweet and he makes the
bath go red next up is the luxury lush
hood again this one is quite a classic I
love this one because as you can imagine
this makes the color of your bar to look
incredible because all these little bits
fears away individually and it looks
like crazy so this has lavender tonka
creamy benzoin resin oyd I'm probably
saying that wrong
benzoin benzoate benzoin resin oyd
stardust bath bomb this is one of my
favorites but I love the smell of it and
I love how it makes the water it goes
kind of like milky or and it just smells
amazing so this has vanilla and rosewood
as well as bergamot to add a citrus kick
and a boost for the mind and body and
this also has some tiny little like I
think it's got little stars in it I
can't really remember but I love the
smell of this one next up we have shoot
for the stars oh the color of this one
you just know this is going to make your
bath look insane this one says launch
into the bar and watch as a midnight
blue blanket unfolds to reveal the sweet
fragrance of Brazilian orange of
bergamot oils the shimmering stars all
the way through this ballistics are made
as cocoa butter and olive oil to give
your skin extra nourishment I love the
ones that moisturize your skin as well
because you always end up getting out of
the bath just feeling like you don't
need to moisturize next up we have
everyone's fav Golden Wonder this is the
big old golden shaped present which
makes your bath like this amazing like
turquoise blue it's so good and it
smells incredible sweet and citrus watch
it in wonders unwraps itself through its
glittery contents if you don't like
glitter you won't like this one it's a
sparkling turquoise explosion with
citrus blend of uplifting sweet orange
and refreshing lime and coconut oils so
white which is actually one of my
favorites I feel like I've set up all of
them this genuinely is I actually reach
for this every time oh look they've made
it look like a little apple this year so
this smells like the freshest apple you
ever eaten watch as blues and yellows
fizz out to create a Crisp apple green I
feel like last year it made my water red
I might be wrong but I believe I believe
it did so they've changed this up a
little bit which I'm excited to try then
we have butter bear I love butter bear
as I was saying I love ones that do
things to the skin and this one really
does so it has cocoa butter to make you
feel it snugs a bug and leave your skin
feeling soft and it just smells like
vanilla and you lang you lang
mmm I have no patience when it comes to
opening these Northern Lights oh do you
like this one no that looks great that's
Jo by the way this I seen on this is
quite a spectacle in your bar it spins
then it yeah it sort of it does that
yeah and the colors all come out yeah
yeah it's really impressive the
ballistic is making a comeback and it's
better than ever
Northern Lights will create the effect
of a beautiful night sky by fizzing out
blue and yellow as well as popping candy
which works its magic by creating the
effects of stars it's scented with
floral Jasmine and you lang Lang I feel
like Jo might be stealing this one off
me bubble bars this one is new this one
is called ruby red slippers I'm very
excited about this one click your heels
there's no place like home and take a
trip home for Christmas the slippers
will take you all the way to a ruby red
glittering bath full of floral
carnations and spicy clove oil butcher
all night yo oh it's a glittery one so
if you don't like glitter actually it's
not too glittery it's not too bad it's a
tiny bit but not like excessively which
are quite like it's in the shape of a
little shoe oh that's not amazing oh my
god that really like is quite strong so
obviously with a bubble bar you crumble
this under the running water and it
creates mountains of bubbles
I am emoji I am a theme oh oh now this
one is a personal fave this is called
snowy which is inspired by the legend
that is David Bowie how cool is that
exuse are yeah isn't it so cute so this
bubble bar is decorated sparkling
fashioned multicolored eyes
crumbly under a running tap to fragrance
your bath with refreshing grapefruit
uplifting neroli and floral rose huh oh
my god that reminds me of something and
I don't know what smell this it's like
something we had as kids I don't know
what it is
ooh yeah what is that this is up there
one of my faves
this one is also new this year this is
the gesture bubble bar this looks so
cool I love this how cute is this little
guy he has a little bow so this is a
reusable one so you swirl this in your
bath or you can just hold him under the
running tap provide sizes your skin with
a super citrus blend of tangerine
Sicilian Mandarin and bergamot oils
gardenia extract is also added for
floral for a floral front flash you're
putting me off because you're
snapchatting me all the season is over
video this one is the most citrus item
so fie smells like lemon sherbet I like
it lemon share lemon Sharbel lemon
sherbet lemon so excited isn't afraid to
dance Santa Sora's bubble bar oh my god
is this not the coolest thing you've
ever seen I feel like this was made for
Tom Fletcher it's Christmas and it's
dinosaurs
although the shell of it looks quite
like a duck I have to say oh I like the
smell of this
so it says inspired by a nativity gone
wrong the dinosaur is just roaring to
get in the bar crumble hold and running
woods to create an ivy green color in
the water and produce a scent of cub and
produce a scent of comforting honey
refreshing orange and fruity bourbon or
burger not bergamot this is a winner I
like this a lot this is also a favorite
of mine this is the magic of Christmas
reusable roll bar this is Christmas in a
bath product everything about this
smells and looks like Christmas you've
got a bit of glitter
you've got the color the star a nice and
close
moobs cinnamon oh my god it smells
incredible this one is also a lush
Christmas classic and it is the magic
wand reusable bubble bar this smells
like snow fairy so if you love Snow
Fairy as a shower gel this is your
bubbles equivalent then we also have the
classic candy cane Mountain which again
smells like snow fairy but this is a lot
more like intense I think doesn't really
say what it has in it just as an a
comforting creamy candy mist
Oh smells good keeping Santa bubble bath
the reason this is one of my favorite is
because it smells like a bubble bar that
came out in a Valentine's collection
back in like 2010 maybe or it just
smells so good it's kind of like
strawberry ish the Christmas penguin how
cute he reminds me of the Wallace and
Gromit penguin oh okay one of my fav
smells this is orange flower absolute
Sicilian Mandarin and lemon oils to
revive and refresh your mind and body
that smells incredible we also have the
snow angel bath melt which if you are
having dry skin issues you literally
drop this in your bath you get out and
it's like you've got new skin really
yeah I love these if you never used a
blush bath melt ah
they're amazing it's kind of like almond
e mmm I love it marzipan sin was cocoa
butter rose benzoin and Cathy absolute
hmm we're not too far off guys it's no
Castle sight okay so this is kind of
like that marzipan II scent that was
like snow cake so give your skin a trip
this luxuriously creamy soap coconut oil
base to create more leather and added
almond milk for extra silkiness it's
very almondy actually this is a lot more
almond e I really like this this is the
shooting stars so oh look at that
that would last you ages Oh
Zini
I'm lemon and bergamot this is really
citrusy hello do you want to come and
sit in here as well
may as well smell good doesn't it
next up we have a gloom Wow look at that
I'm not sure about the scent of this one
I don't think this is quite my scent so
this is rose and Sicilian lemon oils so
it has an alluring floral scent not sure
but it looks beautiful next up we have
santa's post box so I've got everyone in
here watching me right now but now
scratching her legs I've got joe
scratching his asshole out we just stand
in mind the camera with his legs like
apart just like how it goes it's a power
dance
sorry intimidating lb that's better
he's crouching now santa's post box okay
well i matches your eyes what if you
could actually hit the red if you close
your eyes there we go
does it yeah oh I like the smell of this
one
this smells again this smells like
something from my childhood so this is a
refreshing citrus fragrance that will
send your skin to heaven with the smell
I'm gonna go get some sushi have fun
could you get me a baguette oh yeah
thanks bye
this will cleanse your skin and leave it
smelling of sweet orange flower Mandarin
and bergamot oils I love the smell of
that reindeer rock soap now I haven't
seen this one before but it's so cute
look it's like someone's painted a
pebble oh that smells good new and
improved soap a royal blue pebble full
of romantic roses and anti-inflammatory
lingonberries to give you a comforting
fragrance as you play I think this is
the biggest lush haul I have ever done
next up we have Baked Alaska so how cool
is that oh that's good this tote will
give you a zest for life as it reveals
its true colors like bright fluorescent
orbs that come into view as you wash
with uplifting lemon and tangy
grapefruit okay so we've got fireside
oh my god how cool is that
that's so cool Oh Chino actually has
like quite a fiery smell like woody
almost I like that magic wand soap like
the shape of this one oh my god that's
like gee what this reminds me of you
know those sweets that you can get the
cinnamon that's like the long like tubes
filled with the cream it's like a giant
one of those that's been cut in half
Oh oh my god that smells incredible
smells like black currant fun fun is
it's kind of like bar play-doh so you
can mold it into anything you want and
then you can put it in the bath and it
creates bubbles so you can get a santa
one which gives you all the colors for
creating your very own little Santa
we've also got alpha Michelle I love
that so you've got elf colors cute
they've also included some feet what
that's cool basically if you get bored
in the bath which I can imagine some
people might you can sit and mold shapes
like it's like being a big kid which i
think is quite good fun reindeer and
Robin perfect and Oh last one is Snow
Fairy and this one has wings included
and of course they all have different
scents I did not know this so I always
used fun as bubbles like bubble like a
bubble bar but you can also use as
shampoo and body wash I did not know
that it's like a three-in-one product I
would make a very nice gift for someone
shower rule ads these make me very
excited or are they your glog roulade
this so cool so this is what it looks
like looks like you've actually cut a
root wad in half I could eat that a
luxurious solid shower smoothie maybe
the blend of almond milk fair trade
cocoa butter and coconut oil that all
work together to give you a skin give
you skin that feels like silk fragrance
a spicy clove and sensual you learn your
language sugarcoat your skin incredible
and I'm so interested to use one of
these in the shell because I've never
used one of their shower realize
then we have candy cane roulade which
looks like a cut in half candy cane oh
my god oh it's so like it's like melting
in my hand already oh
minty heaven made it Aled soya milk for
extra softness and fragrance of
peppermint oil as well as Coco absolute
add a chocolaty twist that's why this
smells so incredible we have this which
I use last year and loved this is the
salt and pepper mint fart scrub it's in
the most amazing scent it's like
spearmint it's like a really like kind
of it's the kind of min that makes your
mouth water
oh I just love it it's amazing this is
the Snow Fairy body conditioner so it
says um this glittering pot of
conditioner is centered with mouth
watering bubble gum and the classic
comforting fragrance of vanilla we've a
wonderful over wet skin and rinse the
silky soft skin that's sweet as sugar so
you can wash as normal and then
condition your skin in the shower how
cool is that
and it smells like the classic Snow
Fairy I think a lot of people are going
to really like this and it has the
iridescent blue glitter in it as well oh
okay that looks really freaking cool and
also we have this one which was also out
last year I believe and this is the
Kristen ghoul body conditioner I really
like this I have one of these in my
shower still from last year it's like
this amazing blue color and again it's a
really lovely like not too strong mint
and I love that it's a lot more
refreshing I think shower jelly everyone
loves a good shower jelly
we've got Santa's belly which looks like
Santa's belly I'm not going to get out
coz it's very very messy but when you
get it out it actually has a shape and
that one smells of fresh apple juice red
wine and refreshing Apple fragrance Oh
oh my god this thing is Santa he's here
we also have the Snowman one citrus
juicer of Sicilian lemon and bergamot
nice one very refreshing and then
there's a new one called Papa Noel which
is in a slightly bigger container and
for father Christmas it is well done Joe
and it's a beard what the hell is uh
what is is missing your beard it's a
beard I'm gonna put on my face okay
oh don't what's it mean oh no it's a
shower jelly we wash with in the shower
how amazing is that can you imagine if I
bought one of these for Alfie and I just
walk in the shower and he's going oh oh
oh I just think whoever the genius was
that came up with this you deserve a pay
rise I'm never gonna be able to fit this
back in the pot now okay lip scrubs we
have some new ones
so we've got Sugar Plum Fairy so these
are sugary lip scrubs so if you have dry
lips you can put this on what does that
smell like to you oh no Herron black cup
like right be sweet sighs aha back in
the day yeah it's like a certain like
smell refresher and fruit pesto ice
lollies
okay so Joe says this is fruit paste or
ice lollies then we also have the Santa
baby which was out last year as well
smells good this one is a Cola flavored
lip scrub amazing ah okay and then we've
got the lip tint so we've got sugarplum
fairy lip tint which is this kind of
berry color very pretty and then we also
have the santa baby lip tint which is in
a red we're nearly there guys we're so
nearly there
okay we have a new body lotion called
sleepy this excites me because this is
something that you can put on before bed
and it will make you feel all relaxed
and ready so it says jump straight into
your jim-jams after smoothing this
calming lotion all over from top to toe
made with lavender water and a lavender
and fusion to soak your mind and body
Organic fair trade cocoa butter is added
as well as LEP butter to moisturize
while almond and jojoba oil suffer
oh my god I love the smell of that so
much I think this is going to be one of
my winter staples a new dusting powder
so this is designed to help you get a
great night's sleep this shimmering
dusting powder will soothe your skin and
mind maybe lavender to help you relax
chamomile powder is also added as it
enhances sleep sprinkle all over your
bed sheets roll around and you will be
snug as a bug I love the sound of this
I've never used any of their dusting
powders before oh my god that's like
proper lavender that's like walking path
lavender flowers I love that that's
amazing
imagine putting this on and then dusting
this afterwards I feel like it would be
a great combination then we have fairy
dust dusting powder which I'm assuming
smells like snow fairy you could have
like a full-on Snow Fairy experience
from like start to finish pinky the last
thing that I have to show you is this
which is boosha boosha de noel I'm
probably not saying that right which is
a fresh cleanser a deliciously fruity
boozy concoction packed with ground
almonds cranberries and a drop of brandy
for an Elfie glow there is a little bit
more like messy they're really cool you
should try them so this is that it
brings radiance back to wintry skin by
using a blend of softening almonds
cleansing kaolin nourishing festive
fruit as well as a dash of brandy fair
trade cocoa butter ensures your skin
always stays soft that is everything
that is available to buy in lush over
the festive season I'm sure there's
something there that you want to try or
that you want to buy for a friend I
can't wait to use these in my bar though
thank you very much lush for sending
those to me it's very generous of you
and I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video give it a thumbs up if you did and
I'll see you again tomorrow bye
