time of the year
did you know that you know like my
singing no hello everybody today I am
going to be showing you some of my
festive jumpers that I have purchased
this year I did this video last year and
it went down really well and a lot of
you liked seeing what monstrosity
I was able to find in the shops
personally I love a good Christmas
jumper and if it has bells music lights
baubles pom-poms then I am even more
obsessed last year I thought there was a
good selection of Christmas jumpers out
there available for you to buy to get
into the Christmas spirit this year I
actually think there's not as many that
I like now I'm actually quite specific
with the Christmas jumpers that I want
to wear I feel like either they're
really cute and a bit more like I don't
know like a nice quality kind of like
the one I'm wearing today a little bit
more subdued maybe but a nice quality
has like an element of Christmas without
it being too kind of in-your-face
Christmas or I like the opposite scale
of that which is the most tacky
Christmas jump you've ever seen but ones
that lie somewhere in the middle I don't
really like and I feel like this year
there was a lot of slogans like slay my
name's slay my name and like slay me um
Santa Bay Bay like I'm really not into
those ones and I feel like this year
they went to town on the puns and the
slogans I just wasn't feeling it I love
a good pun I love a slogan but don't
call Santa Santa BAE BAE BAE BAE BAE No
poor Santa I did send my mom on a
mission to Primark she lives near the
good Primark and she brought me back a
lot of great ones I've also got some
other ones from other various places so
I thought I would share them with you
today if you want something that has
like better quality is something that
washes really well and that you're going
to want to wear year by year and the
design and pattern is quite nice and
kind of classic you need to go on Bowden
they have the cutest Christmas jumpers
I'm also wearing one that I've ever seen
this is not Bowden I don't know why just
held this one up basically really lovely
quality but also just lovely patterns
like this is such a cute Christmas
jumper look at this it has like the most
gorgeous pattern and then it has these
like little blue like tiny teeny
pom-poms it's so cute and yes they're a
little bit more expensive but I don't
mind when it's lovely quality and
actually bit of an FYI this is from the
kids section this is aged 15 to 16 which
I would say is a size 8 also the one I
am wearing this is adult I think but
this is like a string of Lights and it
has baubles look summer balls and summer
flat but I love this jumper oh I just
sat on my dog this one is also from
Bowden I haven't worn this one yet this
is an extra small I just love it oh my
god it's so soft and I love the pattern
it's tiny little Christmas trees and
each one of them has a little 3d yellow
pom-pom on the top so yes
Bojan for me was a winner this year this
is another Bowden this is another aged
15 to 16 this is a little reindeer very
cute next up
sauce no Primark will do primer as
always and every year they have the best
Christmas jumpers there is something for
everyone if you want them singing
dancing lighting up they bought them if
you want something a bit more subdued
like this they also have these two and
actually they feel really soft I'm very
impressed
I really like this this one is a little
bit more cash I would say that you could
actually wear this out about some of
these I wouldn't wear out and about I
would only wear them for fun at home
actually let's not lie I'd probably
weren't most amount about but this one I
think is for those of you who don't like
to go to OTT also from Primark in the
men's section ok so here's my tip female
section lovely kind of playing it safe
some of them nice designs cute men's
section they go to town I don't know why
they only do it in the men's section
it's like they think it's only men that
wear really garish Christmas jumpers so
yeah go to the men's section to find all
the best Christmas jumpers this one is a
hoodie and it is an elf City look at
that so I got this in an extra small and
there's a bulb along the hood bells
across the front like so annoying but so
amazing these would be so good as like a
stocking prison do you not think just
like get one of these for all your
friends and then you can all look
ridiculous together it's not going to
lie I'm very excited to wear this one
next up we have some reindeer so much
like the elf we also have the reindeer
he has a nice soft tummy he has a hood
that is just the best thing I've ever
seen I actually kind of want to put this
on right now and again cells around the
collar and this has 12 pounds to this
one which I have already worn is Primark
I think this is one of my favourite
Christmas jumpers this whole year
I don't know why I love it so much I
just do it's really soft it's really
thin so it's not like too thick you
don't get too warm in it I love the
little Christmas trees and I love that
it's like a high-neck I don't know I
just love everything about this and I
don't have a price on it because I
pulled the tag out but I can't imagine
it was that much back to the men's
section we've got this one I think this
is quite classic it's got a snowman on
it no that's not a snowman that's a
reindeer oh now this okay when I said
that the men's section has all the best
ones this was actually in the women's
section was this in the Mamas yeah so
this one lights up and it's got a
Christmas tree with sequin baubles I
love this this is amazing now I've not
lit this one up yet okay turned it on oh
my god
look at this you're not gonna be able to
see because of the lights can you see it
it's proper twinkling in different
colors as well again quite similar to
the one with the deers on except this is
polar bears and it's a lot more like icy
and the colors are kind of creams and
nudes and grays and I love this like I
really love this
I honestly think these jumper holes are
just one of my favorite holes I've done
all year because I just get so excited
by a festive jumper I feel like at this
rate I'm gonna need a separate wardrobe
just for my Christmas jumpers when it
gets to like November I'm not even
joking either because I do have all the
ones from last year that I kept too
because I I love them all let it know I
like this
there's no puns it literally just says
let it snow and it's in sequins but what
I think is really cool which I did on
accident but I feel like maybe this
could be a real thing that they had
considered was if you do this it's like
snow and then you do this
oh how satisfying is that I honestly
think I would just stand there all day
doing this look it's like wipe so you do
this and then you clear away all the
snow and it says let it snow I just
think that's jr. that was the from the
women's section as well this was from
the men's section and you might be
wondering Zoey I know you love your
Christmas jumpers and really like them
when they're tacky you have yet to show
us one that sings and that's where this
one comes in this little snowman with a
pom pom knows women don't usually have
flat round noses today actually the
snowman did have a flat round nose he
did not have a current oh what fun it is
to ride on a one-horse open sleigh hey I
don't know how my life has come to
sitting in my spare bedroom singing
along to a Christmas jumper on camera
four millions people can someone like
let me know how this has happened I mean
I'm not complaining I'm just a bit
confused we then have hmm hmm have some
great sequin numbers so the first one is
this one and it says I'm not a chicken
it is in fact a gold sparkly turkey but
is that not the most impressive like
sequin display ever seen on jumper the
silver ones are holographic it is quite
a spectacle I have to say I'm loving
that and then this one gangster rapper
okay this is the only one I bought that
had a bit of a pun on it because it also
had a pug on it so I feel like that kind
of justified why I did it but uh how
cute is that and not only that but the
Pug is wearing a flippin head scarf I
love it and he looks a bit cross-eyed
which is just like Nala okay ASOS even
though when I actually went on the hunt
for Christmas jumpers they didn't really
have a lot of choice they do actually
have some more in now
um but I I don't need any more so I'm
happy with the ones I got don't eat
anymore
here they are so I bought two that were
from the reclaimed vintage kind of
section and I think these are men's but
I quite like them being a bit oversized
like roll up sleeves and I really liked
this kind of old-school little drawing I
guess is it drawing transfer print it's
just very festive everything about this
is very festive and I love the contrast
with the blue I just think I don't know
I like it I really like this one and
then this one which I wore in my
November favorites up on this one
but I love this I think also this is one
of my favorites it reminds me of the
coca-cola advert which has just been
aired on TV before I watched this and I
got very excited and again this was a
sauce reclaimed vintage I love it also
got this one which is from boohoo
but on a sauce and it's got a little
deer on it very cute do you guys
remember like if any of you have been
watching my channel for like ever do you
remember when I had an obsession with
like forms yeah my inner fawn fan came
out when I saw this and I was like I
have to have it also I just I think you
have to have at least one like properly
red jumper this one is also a favorite
because it reminds me of something that
you would wear if you went skiing or
like I don't know it's a very it's got a
very kind of 80s ski vibe because of the
fit and the pattern I love this so much
I know I'm going to be wearing this a
lot and it's like tight the sleeves
turtleneck and a really beautiful
pattern and yeah just love this one
last but by no means least I have this
one which again is quite like a class
prin it's got snowing at the bottom snow
flakes and little bits of snow and I
just think it looks really cool I don't
know I like it and it's quite fixed that
one so it keep you nice and warm and
that my friends is the majority of
Christmas jumpers I have gone out and
purchased this year I would absolutely
love to see your favorite Christmas
jumper so if you can after watching this
video give it a thumbs up and then go
and find your most crazy favourite
Christmas jumper and tweet me at zoella
or tag me on Instagram
because I really want to see thank you
so much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed the video and I'll see you again
tomorrow bye
