hello everybody and welcome to 24 days
of zoella I'm kicking off the first
video of 24 that's right right up until
Christmas Eve you are going to have a
video on this channel every single day
so make sure you're subscribed make sure
you press the little notification bell
that's just down there next to the
subscribe button so that you're alerted
and almost like having a sneezing fit
down that Shh so that you're alerted
every single day whenever there is a new
video also worth mentioning I'm also
doing vlogmas so i will link my second
channel below nah
no it's not the time so I'll also be
leaving a link to my second channel in
the description box make sure you go on
over there good friend will also be a
video on that every single day up until
Christmas Eve Oh actually no there'll be
a video every single day from tomorrow
until Christmas day because you feel on
one day then you got loaded on the next
day that's how it works anyway you might
be thinking why we decided to do 24 days
as well er again are you effing crazy
and the answer to that is yes because it
is a lot of work and I'm a perfectionist
so I only want to ever upload videos
that I love and that I think you'll love
and when that means creating 24
different videos that are Christmas
themed that's quite difficult especially
when you've done 24 days of so well over
a year before and you can't really
repeat the same videos so I'm just gonna
throw this out there enjoy this year cuz
next year there will be nothing left for
me to film much like last year after
I've just said that like there's no
videos I can't repeat them much like
last year I'm doing a November favorites
on at day one because I have been loving
a lot of things and I also didn't upload
a video of my favorites last month or
the month before because well I don't
know the months just kind of slipped by
and also sometimes I find it quite
difficult because I don't often have
favorites that regularly do you know
what I mean if I'm having like a busy
couple of months I don't really try new
things however people haven't done it
for two months I actually do have a
really nice handful of things I cannot
wait to share with you so without
further ado also I am wearing a
Christmas jumper you just can't tell I
quite like the zoom in and I was like oh
maybe I'll zoom out and then you can see
my Christmas jumper but we all know I'm
wearing a Christmas jumper anyway so
it's fine I'll start with skincare I
received this in my peer box
quite recently and it is the Liz Earle
cleanse and polish hot cloth cleanser in
sweet orange and clove this is a limited
edition one for Christmas and yes I've
lost the lid and yes I'm really annoyed
about it because how do I now travel
with this
Lizzie cleanse and polish was probably
one of the first proper cleansers I ever
used this revolutionized the way I
cleansed my skin it was the first kind
of cleanse away you used a cloth to
remove the cleanser that I use anyway it
probably wasn't the first one in history
well maybe it was I don't know maybe I
should fat check before I make these
videos probably but I absolutely love
the closer closer the clothes I'll
cleanse and polish and somewhere along
the way I stopped using it because there
were other things I was using when this
arrived in my Pierre box and I smelt it
and absolutely fell in love with it
because it smells like Christmas in a
bottle I started using it and I flippin
love it my skin is quite problematic
like it's dry and then it's oily and
then it's spotty and then it's clear and
then it's scarring and then it's blemish
free and I think my skin just really
loves this because it's quite like tame
I don't know if that's the right word to
use but I really like this on my skin
really lexis and I've really enjoyed
using this over the past couple of
months next thing I've been using is
this this is the Mario Badescu I don't
know if I'm saying that right drying
lotion again this is one of those things
that been sat in my
skincare drawer for a while and I hadn't
really reached for it didn't really know
what it was and I was getting really
lazy with my skincare found it and
thought it looked really interesting it
kind of splits I don't know if you're
going to be able to see that but there's
like a pink sand at the bottom it's not
sand it that's just so we're going to
describe it and then like a milky liquid
on top now my first reaction was going
to shake this before I put it on my skin
then I read the back and in bold capital
green letters it says do not shake the
solution so I very quickly realized
that's not what you do and you dip a
cotton swab into the pink sediment so
you dip it all the way down and when you
pull it out it's like it's the weirdest
consistency but it's really cool and
then you just dab it on any little spots
or areas where you think you're going to
get a spot and I do that before I go to
bed at night so I do my whole skincare
routine remove my makeup cleanse my skin
and then I'll do a toner and then I'll
do my moisturizer and then I'll dab this
on any problem areas and I love it it's
like it suffocates the hell out of any
spot or blemish and the next day is
either half the size not there anymore
but also I think it's really helping
with like scarring like I feel like
normally when I get a spot the redness
really hangs around and I think because
I've been using this it disappears a lot
quicker you know like when you're like
all I fill out is a spot coming that's
that's when this I think is going to be
great makeup wise I do this why do I
talk when I'm looking at a camera
firstly is the leaves are wrong or YSL
Touche claw lift lift on Latia and this
is a foundation for ages I thought this
was a really sheer foundation so I
didn't really use it because I love
sheer foundations in the summer but as
we're kind of getting more towards the
colder months my skin needs something a
little bit more heavy coverage for me to
feel like yeah my skin looks a little
bit more clear so I kind of just
left this in my drawer thinking I'll use
that in the summer I'll give that one a
try another time
papi use this when she was around a
couple of weeks ago and she was like oh
my god I love it it's quite heavy
coverage so it took me a while to get
used to it but I really really liked it
I was like it's heavy coverage I was
like what I just assumed
much like the two chakra which goes
under your eyes which I personally don't
think gives much coverage to my like
literally so Grammys or be dead under
eye circles so I just assumed the
foundation would be similar and it
really isn't so this is a very build I'm
apologies for the snoring dog that's on
my lap by the way that is not my bottom
or my tummy it's my dog so yeah this is
a medium to buildable coverage but you
can get quite full coverage with this it
blends really nicely my skin I think
looks really smooth but still like skin
I can't explain it it's like this
coverage there but it's not so thick
that it feels it doesn't feel thick on
your face it feels really comfortable
it's comfortable to wear and I also
think it doesn't transfer as much I
don't know I really really like it for
reference I on the shade BR 20 next up
I've been using this this is the pixi by
petra color correcting powder foundation
now I've been using a really light
dusting of this just to set my
foundation in places where I know I'm
going to start to get oily throughout
the day which is usually here here and
like down the sides of my nose and I
love this I mean you're probably not
supposed to use as a setting powder
because it is quite high coverage powder
but I really really like it and I am
very fussy with my powders next up is
this this is Maria's heck this is the
Marc Jacobs bronzer in tantric 102 it's
the Omega bronzer merci I love the
packaging it's like big and black and
very sleek and
press this little button no yet and then
you lift it and look at the size of this
and then you got a mirror as well which
i think is always handy and it's a good
sized mirror too like you can really you
can really check yourself out in that
mirror I think what I love about this is
it's a very soft bronzer and what I mean
by that is sometimes when you swirl your
bronzer in the brush and you go to put
it on your head you get like this big
runs a patch that you then spend like
half your time kind of blending over
this just seems to like airbrush on your
face I can't explain it it just blends
really beautifully and it's very subtle
which makes a which I think makes it
look of a more natural bronzer when it's
on your skin and it's also a matte shade
too which are quite rare to come by so I
love this next up is this this is the
Kylie Jenner burgundy palette whole my
goal this this is beaut when I opened it
I was like oh my god these colors are
like autumn in a palette and every
single color in this palette I have put
on my eyes and that is so rare in a
palette there is normally one or two
that I think it's nice but I'm never
gonna wear it but I love all the others
in this palette I wear every single
shade but also every single shade goes
with every other color and they blend
beautifully I actually have them on
today I've been wearing this pretty much
every day for the past month I think for
me it's the color combination that kind
of just wins in my eyes you just open
this palette and you just know your eyes
are going to look great on my eyelashes
I have been loving this which is the
Estee Lauder sumptuous knockout defining
lift and fan mascara I'm going to
emphasize on the word fan because my it
makes my eyelashes like
fan out I think because it grips each
one individually and gives each one like
a really generous coating without them
clumping together or without them
looking really natural it's like I don't
know I just really really like it when
you like a mascara it means it does
exactly what you want it to do and that
is this is exactly what I mean a loss
for words lip product now this might not
shock you it's a liquid lipstick I just
have like a mini freakout thinking I
didn't plug my microphone in or a coarse
one I have got it loved in liquid
lipstick
I love liquid lipstick there are so many
different formulations around at the
moment and every time I find a good'n I
like to let you know about it totte have
brought out some great ones and I'll
tell you for why name that program
taught Tartus lip paint in the shade
bestie which I also currently have on
which is a really pretty nudie move I
would say these go on very smoothly very
smoothly very easy to apply but same but
what I love about them is that mat
straight away like immediately they turn
matte which I love they don't feel heavy
and they don't crack on your lips and
they were really nice I think the one
thing that I will say makes this so
different from any others I've tried is
that it feels very light to wear and
generally a matte liquid lipstick you're
very aware it's there so yeah you should
definitely try these out also some
really amazing shades now you may have
noticed I don't know if you did but I
look like I have sprung from the 80s and
that is because on a photo shoot that I
was on recently with my brother I had to
have my hair put into the tightest
ringlets you will ever see and on day
one of the shoot we all sort of laughed
about it like oh look at your curly hair
that looks crazy by the end of the first
day I was like what kind of digging it
by a second day of the shoot I actually
loved it I loved having tight ringlets
hair so then I got home and I remembered
that I did actually have something that
created corkscrew curls and it's this it
is the Lee Stafford corkscrew curler
I think it's about $19.99 and it does
this to your hair obviously you can
leave the hair on a bit longer if you
want it to be a really tight curl Hey
goodness well or you can do it for a
little bit of a shorter time and it
gives you more kind of like wavy beachy
hair also most people who see it say oh
my god that must take you ages honestly
it takes me the same amount of time to
do this as it does to curl my hair
normally because I'm taking smaller
pieces this gets very hot and you only
have to hold the hair on for like two
three seconds literally you wrap it
round and you unwrap it and depending on
how big or small the coat you want the
curls to be and how much hair you want
to wrap around it really didn't take my
time at all which is why flippin night
um and I've also been killing everyone
else's hair with it and I think they
really love it oh okay
so two more things I've been loving all
over bed work the first being the
missing now as you're watching this I
feel like there may only be one episode
left or the last episode is already
aired I don't know yet because I'm
filming this in the past
oh god I'm confusing myself basically as
it stands right now
episode 5 oh oh my god it's on tonight
oh my god no it's not some tomorrow damn
it we're about to watch episode 6 there
are eight episodes in the series I feel
like I rave about BBC dramas on my
favorites videos quite a lot and that is
because they are so flippin good down to
the music the actors and the storylines
they're just all so well done I love
pretty much
all of them the missing is absolutely no
exception if any of you have watched the
first series the first and second series
don't really correlate as far as I'm
aware right now because they're two
different stories so you can go back and
watch the first series or you can start
watching the second series is totally up
to you however the first series was
amazing do I talk about the first series
in a favorites once maybe so the missing
very loosely is about a girl that went
missing when she was young and then
years and years later she reappears is
it her what's going on is it correlated
to another girl that's been missing
they're basically trying to find out who
abducted these girls and it's just so
gripping and the storyline is so complex
but so like amazing like it's so
detailed and just so many twists and
turns and every episode I'm like I just
want to watch the next one and I highly
recommend you watching it if you want
something else to watch Oh another thing
that I have been absolutely loving and I
feel like I'm really late to the party
with this one is black mirror so I
didn't see any of it before about a
month and a half ago when pop it no who
told me to watch black mirror I don't
remember who told me to watch it damn it
there are three series and they and
every episode is different so it doesn't
matter in which order you watch any of
the episodes from any of the series and
they're just so clever they are written
and created by Charlie Brooker who I
think is just the most intelligent
genius man because the episodes make you
think in a way that you didn't before if
that makes any sense
they really mess with your mind in a
good way and they touch on quite modern
issues and I think that's really cool
and a lot of it is that in the future oh
my god is just you just have to watch
them to know what I mean but I have
really enjoyed them in fact I still
think about episodes I've watched weeks
and weeks ago
that's how much of an impact they saw
kind of left me in my favorite episode
is probably San Junipero or White Bear
just because I think those were really
like Sanjana Peres was just incredible
that is for sure my favorite white bear
was like the most shocking when I
watched it and are the first one of EPs
of Series three I also really loved I do
remember well that one was called but
yes you have got to check out if you
haven't already and I feel like that is
everything that I want to share with you
oh one more thing
Casta Christmas drinks the flippin
honeycomb oh my god
so mark had an econ latte and I don't
drink coffee so a latte was never going
to be really at my street but he was
like you need to try this latte so I
took a sip and then it was all I could
think about and so I was like you know
what I know it's only a syrup so I'm
gonna ask if they can put it into a hot
chocolate which they can and I like hot
chocolate I feel like I'm not even
breathing as I'm talking about this
that's when you know these things that
my favorite so honeycomb hot chocolate
from Costa is just incredible as it is
the chocolate orange one you got to just
try them so good
so is it good I really hope you've
enjoyed this video and that you're
excited for the next 23 videos on this
channel make sure to give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it as always
let me know what you have been loving in
the comments and also let me know if
you're excited for the next lot of
videos I love you guys very much and
I'll see you in tomorrow
