we look like twins how old you next year
28 and I'll be 27
that's my hair look on this it looks
great oh my god do you know what this
reminds me of the first ever Christmas
to me
yeah that's a jump run yeah and we
recite for the tree like this and it
just like when the creatures awesome and
it was on a camera like this yeah
hello everybody and Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas as you're watching their
people sorry Papa Crimbo happy Oh Papa
Crimbo how's he watching this it is
Christmas Eve
are you okay yeah we're seeing there's
there's a ap something s Christmas by
the way I thought you said you got me
something
well I have this breed but it's not it's
not a main present I bought yours it's
sick really I don't want sick I always
say every I don't want sick for
Christmas disgusting that was Christmas
Eve by this year threw me in you you may
remember quite a few years ago in fact
it was four years ago
what I first have a Christmas video no
when we reacted to our old Christmas
home movies oh my god yeah
where's the time god yes we did Kevin
Brown cherry coming with us we watched
it back Christmas nativity play no not
the place that's what we're doing this
video so I ruined it I thought it would
be quite nice to react and let you guys
see some of the Christmas plays that we
have been in because you're in pretty
good ones I was always like bad I don't
know for me in here it's always her I
think there is I don't think there is I
think it's mainly you going to Bethlehem
or something okay we bring about this
babies in this video I wonder if anyone
else watching this will have done the
same play because you only
learned it from like the curriculum yeah
yeah so I wonder if those other schools
that also did the same place if you have
any of these if you have done any of
these plays before
let us know in this biscuit in the
comment section below and I can't speak
3 lesson
oh we get cracking yes I'm just gonna
say this looks like it was filmed in a
potato because it was literally Oh get
rid of toys this old footage okay Barry
that's me everything always was I was
the ugly sister in Cinderella hewed
Cinderella for a novella for a school
play
I think it now goes onto one of my plays
I don't remember this I think it was
about angels I mean what you think that
Zoe do you oh you're there yeah I'm the
third one in from the left the one next
to going blue oh there she is
you can do a hair light they listen to
me Mary Mary that when leaders on the
road listen mom used to put my hair in
rags rags yeah like like taught so it
was wet as you tie it up in rags and
then oh yeah wavy yeah nothing bad I
hope what yeah we were so West country
then we went to see the angel Gabriel
yeah and he said we should be careful
hello what are you doing here
there's no room at the inn girls can
sing a little better when the younger as
well I feel like these kind of songs I
think we all had quite nice voices think
of your ears oh there it is a huge yeah
oh my god they are but you've really
grown into your face how was my head Evo
is all right yeah it's a tiny now
compared to a head what the hell I've
never known as you grow into your face
nice people know here even though five I
can't stop say my ears now I'm sorry
thing is establishment this instruments
okay now moving on to Jase I haven't
seen this there's Mia Jordan oh you look
so funny your top is so long it looks
like your legs are social God said Adam
around my neck as well yeah that's me
Jordan Liam and Josh and jasmine
so easy I said yeah I was told to
project my you wicked girl
you wicked girl straight men down here
rocking it down really good
I'm straight it like you like no what no
I remember three chests of Julian's wigs
as sparkly as the silver yeah I got a
laugh me remember I remember that line
used to make all the kids laugh and
that's why I did it
lovely girl very cool Magdalena hi
Galina how did the end guys it was a
fella a chick you must have laid him cuz
they look like eggs she had to judge
except she had two feet at the end of
her legs took him away like eggs my very
few little eggs Oh spongebob right Oh No
you're already here on you how are you
here
I must have been tense layout here five
or six nine or ten he was right of yours
you in there yes
so was in this one was on this is a big
scary play for me no I was yeah
you can tell this way I feel so
comfortable it's like to hear you got
reads character that's less so we
hackers have back there
I look so Paul Reiser dancing great
always checking the Bay Road
they heard about my acting skills from
day one from the year before with your
curly wig - you your bird life
back on you know how much I hate what
mum did to my hair in this place yeah
like what is that got fringe however
heads missing and I'm wearing the weird
outfit and he can't keep still we think
about dodgy wiggle yeah
what Oh she moves the friend
I don't even think I'd brushed my hair
adagio gonna and then this one's not
Christmassy but I couldn't it was filmed
near Christmas I'm sure that I couldn't
put into perspective right so we were
doing a parent would we were doing a
dance and we were singing there was to
advance to tragedy by steps but if the
Bee Gees
it was massively into steps growing up
so obviously I was as well because
you're my sister and the funny thing was
about this is that we had to ask your
own people as men I'm at the H you're
Lisa I'm in th but I would massively had
a crush on faith so when I will come oh
I think Fay
what again I say phase of H Gore on the
butt on the mine listen I have ever seen
did you give it everything
oh do it again are we starting yeah yeah
I go right this time
I just made up this routine copy user
yeah I'm Sookie that is Nikola the
Christmas pops there yes we were waiting
for our tree to go in yeah oh my god
because your time these are just as
weird your look at your dance moves but
basically all you and my friend had to
do with copy babe yeah I would just the
dance my stuff
Oh
you're so happy you're enjoying it more
than everyone yeah it was rolling I know
you haven't noticed yet oh there we go I
really hope you enjoyed that and let us
know if you have any very similar
footage of you in school plays and how
you were and what your school plays are
like I love those kind of like
conversations yeah because I feel like
everyone's childhood was like the same
but also different any like funny
activity stories yeah I would love
tonight also I want to just take this
opportunity to say thank you so much for
an incredible year I really hope you
guys have enjoyed vlogmas and any videos
over on this channel this month and that
you have an absolutely amazing day
tomorrow and basically a nice festive
time whatever it is you're doing make
the most of it spend some of your family
or friends eat all the food no eat all
the food and wrap all the presents have
I just have a day of pure fun you know I
will see you in the New Year guys Happy
New Year Happy New Year right should we
remake that tragedy video now or later
