hello everybody you may notice I have a
little Christmas tree yeah I figured
it's getting to that time of the year
other people have done it so I've
started decorating for Christmas what
can I say
I just love it too much this is actually
in my upstairs kind of office area and
this is my rainbow tree which I'm really
happy about it's got multicolored lights
and it has these pump like colored
pom-poms and then these tiny little
brightly colored bubbles and I think
it's one of my favorite Christmas trees
I've ever had just because it makes me
smile every time I look at it moving on
up from Christmas trees I'm doing a
video today that I haven't done in a
while but it is something that you guys
love to see and it's something that I
quite like to keep updating not that it
ever really changes that much and it is
eight watts in my bag as you can see
this is my zoella lifestyle but or
rucksack I'm obsessed with it I
basically created a bag that was my
perfect bag and hence why I've been
using it and loving it because I'm
essentially designed it exactly how I
wanted it for any of you that are
interested in this bag you can get it
from boots and it also comes with a
travel mug and a little key ring inside
it as well but I don't have those things
in here it's not real leather it's faux
leather and it's just really like
squishy and that's exactly what I wanted
it to be like so I'm very happy about
that a lot of people like it doesn't
have a popper and actually that was a
decision that I made like that was like
a conscious choice because I just think
the popper made it look but no less cool
and I quite like that the way that you
shut it is with the drawstring and it is
it is really sturdy as well so yeah that
is the actual bag bin a self promo there
it's just gonna be done as a nut and do
the little drawstring open it up now
because this literally can fit
everything I do like to call this my
Mary Poppins bag because it is
essentially a bucket bag it does mean
I've accumulated a lot of things I
probably don't need in here but I have
in here and I'm gonna share them with
you
okay so the first thing I'm going to
pull out is my purse this is actually a
mulberry purse Alfie bought this for me
as a present last Christmas the
Christmas before I don't remember maybe
it was my birthday Alfie bought me this
and I have a grand total of 25 pounds
cash look one of the new five-pound
notes this is my first new five pound
note treat myself to something will that
I very rarely have cash I'm one of these
people that just never has any so I just
have my bank cards my boots card what's
that
Oh a river island card my driver's
license for a loyalty card oh my old
rail card I can't use this anymore it
ran out in July this year gone are the
days I can use a 16 to 25 rail card now
I know I was 25 quite a while ago
but if you get these at the right time
they sort of last until you're 26 I have
one receipt for the place where I get my
brows done for 40 pounds that must have
been for me and pops got a quarter
dollar in here don't know why maybe I
thought it was a Tempe next I have some
sunglasses these are a gentle monster I
bought these in Edinburgh recently in
Harvey Nicks however I don't believe
these are actually the gentle monster
sunglasses in here no they're ray bands
although it's been getting a little bit
more cold and dreary the Sun is still
out which makes me very happy because
that's my favourite type of winter and
autumn weather when it's cold brisk and
sunny I think one of my least favorite
things about sunglasses cases is when
they're really big and bulky and yes
they protect your sunglasses and their
heart doing the big kind of hard ones
but they take up so much room in your
handbag so I really like using this one
which is why I think I probably got my
ray-bans in there no idea where these
actual sunglasses are though just
slightly worried I have my phone this is
the iPhone 7 plus oh I've got a new
what's up from poppy days I feel like
this is just the normal Gold not the
rose gold I was a little bit
disappointed with the shade of the rose
gold I think this is feels more rose
gold II personally and I think that's
the normal gold but yeah that's my phone
all I need to change my background it
says happy Halloween
bin and gonna leave my Christmas
background on there now I have this this
is my Christmas pen that I bought from
Tiger when I write with it it drives
everyone around me crazy because all you
can hear is this is this not just the
most festive pen you've ever seen like
you just you can't be sad when you're
writing with this I just love it chewing
gum and if any of you are wondering
because I know it's right up there on
the top of your list of things you
desperately want to know about me
I like the Wrigley's extra white that's
my preferred chewing gum however it's
not that strong and it is one that you
have to kind of throw away quite quickly
but that's the one I like and I always
buy these tubs because the little ones
just don't last two minutes hello that's
my Chuy's of choice
oh I've got my vlogging camera in here
this is the canon g7x mark 2 this is
what I use to vlog on I don't think I've
ever said that anywhere and actually I
do get asked that quite a lot so
apologies for never answering that for
those of you that wondered but yeah I
couldn't use another camera to vlog on
that isn't a Canon anymore I find the
quality a lot better I do find the wear
and tear is not so great on a Canon like
they don't last as long as you would
hope for the price like this screen is
coming loose
on the back here but the quality is like
the best so canon g7x mark ii this
little fluffy bit on the top alfie stuck
on stuck this on here it's a micro muff
because when you're vlogging outside and
it's windy which it is 99% of the time
in Brighton you won't be able to hear
anything unless you have this on it
actually does work as well so if you
live in a Windy City then you might need
one of these if you're planning on doing
some little follow me around blogs but
yeah I love it I really love it it goes
everywhere with me
headphones probably not the most like
handbag friendly headphones to be fair
but these are the ones I had in there
these are Bowers and Wilkins I've had
these for a really long time I have some
friends ones which are cream and rose
gold and they look beautiful like I love
them if I'm using them for a short
amount of time if I'm editing a video
and I have those on it really hurts my
ears because it doesn't quite sit on
them very comfortably these ones are a
lot more comfortable ooh there's so much
like foundation on here yeah I should
probably clean that anyway I mean I'm
not really a headphones expert so I
couldn't tell you more than that sorry
the next thing I have in here which
looks like a really cool little device
is HP sprocket now this thing I have
been obsessed with over the last month
every time someone comes around I get
this out and I show them what it does
this is essentially a printer and this
is all you need that is why it is in my
handbag because I've basically become
attached to it it prints your photos
from your social media and your camera
roll and all you have to do is turn it
on I'll show you I'll give you a demo
get your phone you download the app for
free and then you can scroll through
your camera roll and you literally
select any photo which one should go for
I'm going to print this picture of me
turn on Naomi okay and then because the
app so cool it gives you the option to
edit the photo so generally I like to
per frame on but you can also do text
you can put little stickers on you can
put filters on it it's so cool everybody
I've shown this to has been like oh my
god this would honestly be the perfect
gift for Christmas
I genuinely like to carry this with me
because I like to print off the photos
and get either give them to whoever I'm
with at the time or if I've taken a
really lovely photo I like to print off
and pin it up on my I don't know if
you've ever seen my little board that I
have in my office with all those photos
on I've started filling it with pictures
from my camera roll that I've never been
able to print before once you've decided
how you want your picture tick yes tick
yes again and by the power of Bluetooth
it comes out of this it's printing the
paper is actually sticky so you can use
it as stickers or you can just use it to
pin up or whatever you want to do with
it and it's called Zink so it's zero ink
it's so clever when I showed my mum she
was like how do you put the ink in it
like where does the ink go and I was
like you don't need ink it's just genius
and you just charge it with a USB look I
just think this is the coolest little
gadget I have ever received I love it I
genuinely love this I'm going to
actually buy a couple for some friends
for Christmas because it's also a really
lovely gift and it is the sort of thing
that I genuinely use and I think a lot
of people were genuinely use because
what because sometimes I take pictures
on my phone and that's it they don't
really go anywhere so it's nice to be
able to print all the ones I really
really like okay what else have I got in
here I have got my notebook this is a
really cool notebook actually I found
this really useful this is mishmash and
it's like I don't know how to explain
this it doesn't have like an outer shell
there's probably a better word for it
but and it's in like sections so you can
divide up anything that you're doing so
I'm currently planning all my December
videos and blog posts and content in
this and I found it really useful having
the different colors for the different
sections but I generally don't go
anywhere without a notebook oh I can
stick this on the
I'm going to stick my picture on oh I
love it okay what else do we haven't yet
this this is quite random but well is it
I don't really know
we went listening more recently to see a
film call a monster calls which can I
just say I mean it's out next year but
it's probably up there with one of the
most heartbreaking touching films I have
seen in a really long time if you go and
see that film it was also one of the
books in my book club if you go and see
it take tissues out of everyone that was
in that cinema two people didn't cry
anyway Lois the cinema and I went for a
cheeky little picnics I never get pick a
mix at the cinema I always think oh I
have to get popcorn and a Fanta rice
blast because they're amazing but I
never get pick a mix so this time I did
and then they're just in my handbag
because I'm still like snacking on them
I went a bit overboard because I put
like heavy things like this in sea as a
child I knew never to put these in
because they made it so much more
expensive those are the things that are
heavy on a pick-and-mix lifehacks I have
a random a mini colour-pop liquid
lipstick in the bottom I believe this is
the shade Bianca which I basically lived
in through the summer but I don't know
because it's all rubbed off then I have
these two bags in here because I
otherwise things get a bit lost in there
I can pop that down now please actually
come another little bit of self promo
but when you design and make your own
products
generally you love them a lot so I do
actually use them shock horror I love my
own products and use my own products
these come in a set of three bags and
you get these in superdrug this one is
my favorite one because it's copper
glitter but it's not like it doesn't
feel glittery it's still very smooth and
it's also a really good size so in here
I have oh I feel like this video is so
like zoella I didn't mean this got like
I don't mean this guy's I just genuinely
have all this
my handbag so are the hand cream this is
the gingerbread hand cream been using it
since July love it I have some nurofen
cold and flu relief because you never
know when you're gonna get struck with a
cold or a flu or this is a liquid
lipstick I've really been loving
recently this is the Tarte Tartus lip
paint in the color bestie I love this
it's in a favorites coming soon so I'm
not going to talk too much about it I
also have my Clarins lip oil which is
looking a little bit worse for wear
I should probably buy another one it's
very sticky actually looks like honey
let me just smell it though love that
smell
well sweet got an error ooh a Bath &
Body Works marshmallow pumpkin latte
this is just I out there I actually
think this is probably my favorite bath
and Bodyworks scent everyone likes clean
hands I feel like I've said that in all
my um what's in my handbag videos a
glittery hair bauble I always have to
carry these around with me do you know I
really like these hair bands what I
called scrunchies I like these because
if I put my hair in a ponytail like I
have now with like a tight one my hair
kinks so badly and because I've got
short hair it kinks in all the wrong
places
um so generally I like to use a
scrunchie because less kinkajou and I
also have my mini bake my day fragrance
because I'm basically trying to make the
most of the gingerbread scent during the
Christmas period although I mean I'm not
against spraying this in January and
February but whilst I'm kind of getting
in the mood for Christmas it does make
sense so been spritzing that
this one says throw kindness around like
confetti and it's in like this nice like
oh what's this material called canvas e
style I don't actually know what's in
here oh okay we have some more zinc
paper for the HP sprocket we have a
Kiley matte liquid lipstick in the shade
which I have on today a sharpie I have a
memory card reader because I have an 11
inch MacBook Air which has nowhere to
put memory cards so I have to use this
in order to transfer my footage which
actually is a little bit annoying
because if I'm out and about and I don't
have one of these I can't do anything
from my card so generally I have like
one or two or maybe even sometimes three
of these in my handbag better to be
prepared then I've got a normal bobby
bobby pin nope
what's this hair bobble and the spare
battery for vlogging I might put my
sprocket back in there actually cuz then
it stays nice and clean do you know I
think that is everything in my bag and
for once there's no like dirty crummy
bits in the bottom of my handbag which
I'm really happy about because normally
that does happen I really hope you
enjoyed this video I will leave a link
below to anything that I can in case any
of you guys want to get any of the bits
I mentioned I hope you are having a
lovely week so far there's not long now
until 24 days of zoella starts I'm very
very excited make sure you are
subscribed or you've hit the little
notification bell that's just down here
somewhere
give video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
I love you very much and I will see you
very very soon bye
