you ready no up it's me that dressy
guy just guessed oh that's nice
ladies do suffer hello everybody today I
am joined with my brother Joe aka
thatcherjoe aka hey your fingers are so
close in my face
not very long ago I was over on Jays
Channel don't touch where where I let
him look through my tinder profile where
isn't really my team's gonna say yes it
was so he hasn't hasn't actually no yeah
yeah yes oh he actually hasn't got
tinder but I made her download tinder
for one of my videos quite a few weeks
ago at the end of the video we said if
the video gets over was it four hundred
thousand hundred thousand yeah then we
do a part two on my on of me on your
channel so I can look through Jays
tinder can guess what really think you
get five hundred thousand lights yeah
that's insane
yeah like actually crazy so guys I'm
gonna say now though I don't reuse it
anymore but I'm not looking like either
I swear on my life I start my life going
let me just check no I can't do that no
I didn't you go I haven't used it for a
long long time I'm actually seeing
someone to a car oh yeah pretend I am
leave that bit in so just the time has
come faster your phone I really my up
Cody they don't Oh Joe sit down you
can't run away already
where is it have you totally in the app
no I haven't so your profile picture are
you in Amsterdam no we're in New York
100 interests slam Thursday's must be a
night out somewhere or couldn't really
make eye contact with a dog
velociraptors
go to say but don't date guys later is
so funny when like you match with a girl
on tinder and then you see your mutual
interest and it's always really random
you never realize that you had that so
that'd be like casually flopping your
cat
in awkward situations I'm actually go
who also has an interest in that like oh
my god how are we taking off your Crocs
after a long day of looking like an
effing Lauren Conrad yeah that's my most
most number one most mutual interest
jaws and finger yeah okay so your
pictures there's one of you in Amsterdam
okay good they're good pictures on there
yeah there's you at premiere they were
too professional though no that was not
that was not can you explain why you've
got picture of who's that Matt Damon no
it's been a flip on the photo I'll tell
you I right thing is that's what we're I
stress I don't use tinder like seriously
okay I'm like ma you say it no more I
don't believe you
I don't use it seriously and my pictures
are all were very Posey very like look
at me look at me and I was chatting to a
girl a girl friend of my friend who is a
girl and she was saying you need to like
like put some comedy you need ta let
people know that you're not serious guys
you're not you're a joke oh real life
and I was like yeah it's true that's it
you don't need a picture of like someone
holding a dog so I fought Ben Affleck on
a dog I actually love them exactly so
who are these people
this is people you can you just had
knows that girl you just saw you can't
do that I don't like her oh I kind of
see the glare but so he's look I'm wait
you're back the Lecter
Zoe just stop can you just get on with a
so cringe oh gotta give her this she's
really pretty why didn't you apply to
her oh she was wouldn't she yeah I can
reply to her she said hey I said hey hey
Natasha how are you never a boy always a
long conversation
no please every out long conversations
is it bad ah it's bad I like that no I
get back what brings you to the weird
world of tinder who said that me I was
gonna say I would not say that and Joe
said um research I'm I'm trying to make
my own rival app yeah and just seeing
how this one works yourself was that
believable you said it in a way that
makes you sound like it I said I'm
trying to get a joker I'm trying to be
joking you know she put all good answer
no idea really it's just so odd that I
can't resist having it
plus I'm considering creating an app to
rival your rival app so just checking
out the competition see she's got she's
funny I'm in exactly the same boat
oh yeah well you may as well quit now
because mine is gonna be big just can't
decide on a name this is that me what
have you done here you've drawn like I
could do that on my Nokia 3210 I said to
my mate I'm like that brat Open bracket
. close bracket it looks like a naked
body so she'd have emoji so I sent her
the picked a picture of a naked lady
body well done
you're like probably tell people where
you live yeah yeah I travel a lot I have
15 flights already don't know don't
don't don't put that in I don't come
across like an anus it's so hard to
explain why I do that you make it sound
like it's so much fun because God you
know watching this video how much fun
our jobs are it's very hard to explain
to a girl without trying to sound like
will come across big-headed and like it
so I say I make videos my babies know
new Frenchie's put well if you want to
upload any of these flights on to me
then feel free but I do get plus ones
actually haha no okay next conversation
please you also like you fav wavy like
tomorrow you're updating links so yeah
it says like I tried by translation this
weekend not a lot today until tonight I
think would be going out housemates just
split this girlfriend through he's
desperate to go out that was just
yesterday yeah bye happy yet no tomorrow
because this week I've been presenting
forgot to dance that shows go away
alright and we're also going to the
Godzilla premiere so yeah I'm not so
much this weekend don't get aa
say what is when it's when people say
we're up to obviously making small talk
I hate that person not much you oh yeah
it's doctoring it you've got to try make
conversation you know you've got to know
you're up to and that was just having to
be what I was up to no way you drove
said my friend says you're a youtuber
you didn't reply you know as well when
people say that it kind of it like kind
of puts me off a little bit so funny
anyone that mentions are you
you tuber are you the real Joe so you
don't reply to any other I notice it
freaks me out
you really don't say much back to people
as I don't do i conversation hey you but
hey how was your swim she put it was
much needed and very relaxing
you put oh good I went to meet the other
day more swim wait where how did you go
about swimming I don't get it
you put well I went to a pool but ended
up just sitting in the jacuzzi with a
load of old men not fun haha that
doesn't sound too much fun and then the
conversation died I think why talking
about cheese what do you call a Mexican
with a rubber toe you put Roberto is it
bad that I just do with it so you think
I'm like some sort of master or jokes
what do you call cheese that isn't yours
Cathedral City mature cheddar 500 gram
pack no I remember saying that you just
then sent poop haha you lit she wrote
the words wrote the word blue you put
tell me where you live you fool Joe but
I can obvious I can tell I get your
point
oops I get to a point where I realize
that you know that they're cool you know
let's read this conversation newbie you
I'll be the girl hi
I bet you say that to all the girls all
the girls even my nan funnily enough or
well I do hope you're speaking to your
nan on tinder luckily she's still rockin
the Nokia 3210 oh good I was worried
this conversation was taking a bizarre
turn very not a fanfiction but weird
fanfiction then she talks about London
Joe tells her literally his address no I
don't I just say that I say that area of
London weren't very creative so it so my
openers aren't very good so hey um okay
there I'm in the same boat well that
makes me feel better about my terrible
opener guessing my lesson in crates of
open air wasn't enough to start a
conversation because I don't reply to
her again oh I'm home now just got back
to my hotel I was by the pool
come here no I invited by the way oh did
not see you when did you say you're
going back
and then you replied I'm back in the UK
now ha oh she's oh no this is not good
well I'll call where are you going for
it just the UK if you're travelling no
reply from Joe you are actually awful at
replying still no reply from joked this
checking messages one switch none
against is boring Joe can you just text
me instead these replies are shocking
still no reply two months late oh no a
month later shipper okay next day boring
I'm really not going to waste my time
anymore you're obviously not interested
oh no that's not good oh yeah let's see
if I was going I read that I would think
you're an asshole
yeah yeah right baby come on now
someone's but are you the real Kay you
put the real Jay yeah yeah go check it
search it can't be too careful these
days
I know I didn't reply Hey oh come on you
have Monday you don't use anymore
yeah just pretend okay I see why you
never have even Noah always triggers
like what you never out you know just
this all go go all the time she's built
what do you mean and then you didn't
reply then shut hello like a month later
in you bet hi she bet you are too I'm
never out but I know why you never up
can treat yourself this conversation and
I don't want to hear it
she said hey hey you put ello ello ello
ello ello
you put ello ello how's it going I've
had a hangover all day it actually won't
go I think it's all over end of me
why do you moan about hangovers so much
first thing you said it's a
relatable thing you know no feel it
right back just to me that means you go
on Knights outlaw
yeah different culture yeah this is a
bit desperate what you put you in London
wish I was I left last night Oh what
where do you live
oh wow she's but hey have I seen you at
my local Waitrose you put possibly which
one she put that place northward no no
idea you know where is no TV no that
isn't
okay so northward I'm the one stealing
the free coffees Joe's peg cactus I knew
it with you then you put now I've never
been to North with I'm your most of a
secret twin I don't know about she but
you should come there next Saturday I'll
meet you by the hummus in brackets
Waitrose essentials and did I don't
apply Oh shock sonic I'm at my house and
then you say where it is
what the hell is well I do not know
about this what she said have you ever
punched someone in a club it's not
something I can picture Jessica Oh on
many occasions I'm banned from three
clubs for beating up bounces obviously
obviously I'm joking obviously that's so
bad why are you beating up the bouncers
Joker
I'm joking I've never been in a fight in
my life except with my sister when we
were little I ended up fighting Helene I
got grounded for about a year yes you
ver know I think but dad will tell you
are we moving down the bull going
downstairs in sleeping bags we're racing
down the stairs the sleeping bags like
beating on the leg Kim open somebody Oh
with me Sam I've every ending is be
hungover or how you put huh hello just
surprised haha how are you I'm good
hungover surprise surprise you miserable
creature I don't hear it I don't want to
hear it so cringy won't hear she's
saying why are you pretending to be
Joseph you said because he's the best
person in the whole wide world
haha if you put knives actually me she's
but prove it then you've put how she's
put follow me on Twitter there to prove
it but love no edgy but long you're a
fake and then you do yeah
I don't improve myself wipe line is i
day to prove myself to anybody yeah
follow don't try that long no follow you
on twitter
this is hey you but I just met you teeth
but are you sure you didn't get my joke
see that's my meat sometimes I feel like
I put I think I'm
you know I would have got them yeah
cheap if you sure she's but are you
gonna say here's my number so call me
maybe
now the news but I don't have a phone
that is enough of that oh so much fun I
feel like I've sweated during this video
got my phone back please
yeah thank you I'm gonna change buzzing
I do is changing my lock number that's
one of the most like intense videos I've
done my life maybe if you give it enough
thumbs up you're allowed to go I'm
allowed to find you a date what for you
tinder you imagine well then I've got a
deal what customers might film my day
without thinking imagine and you're
there as well just under the table with
motivation sometimes when it's like I'll
have but the headphones and you'll have
warning I'll have to tell you what to
say oh my god can we do that yeah just
go get 500,000 thumbs up again 800,000
and a dirt okay Joe is never gonna get
up I don't care exactly 800,000 thumbs
up and I'll go on a tinder date with
Zoey in my ear - I I guess it'll be
really obvious Oh an earpiece in house
outside because that's so tiny
oh really do you know what though Joe
I'm pleasantly surprised you're actually
quite a gentleman on the tinder chat say
well I'm just I think I just need to
learn to apply and actually you need to
actually get to know people yeah or you
give up it's hard to do over tinder and
especially not asking questions about
like are you famous it's like it makes
it is Crittenton me out I don't think
I'm famous and it puts me in a her on a
pedestal I don't like it you also need
to stop telling people you're hungover
yeah and you stop telling people why you
do okay apart from that we also filmed a
video over on Joe's channel what dead
window wait Oh promote I'm sorry we've
thrown a video where I I basically um
like give you the biggest interrogation
of your life I also all the questions
that you've once the art but never known
you get into my confessional booth I did
it's the start of one of Joe's new
series yeah I was lucky enough to be the
first person for the first and the last
the resident Reverend Reverend viewed me
and it
funny so you have to make sure to go and
check that out I will leave the link
down here thank you very much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video
and will see you again very soon Cheers
bye
