hello everybody today it is time to do a
video the end hello everybody
as you can see Halloween has finally
arrived in my kitchen and I am so
excited and happy about it because it is
my second favorite time of the year
after Christmas
obviously there's just so much I feel
like you can do creatively with
Halloween and since you guys absolutely
loved my quick and easy treats at Easter
I thought it was only right to do it
again at Halloween
so here before me you can see my four
really really easy treats / desserts I
feel like there's something here that
everyone will like and it's so easy and
really affordable so let's get started
first up are the waking the dead mud
cups for this you will need chocolate
angel delight you're going to want two
packets some glasses
some original Oreos some black coloring
and some ready to roll icing in green
black and white or any other Halloween
colors that you want and a lot of milk
so my cups are these I just got these
from M&S but you can use any cups or
mugs that you have in your house you can
even use plastic ones if you don't have
anything like this that you're able to
use and I have found that two packets of
angel delight go perfectly into three
glasses so if there's more than three of
you make sure you stock up this is also
really really easy to find in the
supermarkets you shouldn't have any
issue and it's super cheap for every
packet angel delight you need 300
milliliters of milk so I've got 600 here
and I'm simply going to put the angel
delight and the milk into the bowl this
reminds me so much of being a child we
used to have this all the time and then
with a whisk you want to get your guns
out and whisk this until it's light and
fluffy
once you risk time it to make it look a
little bit like dirt so because we want
these to look like mud I'm gonna add
this which is the dr. Oetker black gel
food coloring and I'm going to squeeze
the whole thing in all that looks really
pretty it kind of looks like the
Albemarle blink-182 now mix it in tap
off your excess angel delight now you
want to fill each glass about two-thirds
of the way next step is to take your
Oreo so what you want to do is you want
to twist the Oreo very carefully so it
breaks off like this so keep that to one
side and then with the bits you don't
use you can throw them together and
create a double stuffed Oreo and then
you can just eat these essentially it's
an extra treat but it doesn't really
require any effort actually you can
always scrape the white off but that's
quite long in a bit no one really wants
to do that so double stuffed Oreos okay
then going to want to get yourself a
little sandwich bag and put all the
Oreos into the bag and then using a
wooden spoon or a rolling pin smash the
hell out of your bag of biscuits this is
quite fun once you've done that and you
now have a bag of what looks like soil
which is totally the effect you're going
for so that's good you just want to
sprinkle it on top of your aim your
delight the next thing you're going to
want to do is to put those aside to be
honest you can eat them like this I
quite like it chilled so I would put
them in the fridge but you're going to
want to grab yourself some ready to roll
icing you can use any colors you like
I've gone for white and green just
because I think green is quite zombie
ish and white is quite like skeletal and
it's kind of like playing with play-doh
you just want to make a little arm
sounds complicated but it's actually
really not that difficult so I started
off with an oblong and sort of made a
circle shape up one end and the
you've got the arm then using a knife
you cut for the thumb
and then each finger and just mold it
till it sort of looks like a hand and if
you don't want to do hands you can do
anything you want that's remotely
Halloweeny so if you had orange you
could do little pumpkins and make it
like a pumpkin patch if you don't want
to have arms coming out of the ground so
there's one arm and I'm going to do one
in white just to give the hand a little
bit more definition I've done some
scores in it with a knife but it doesn't
really matter this is meant to be like a
skeleton so I mean if you've got more
time on your hands then you can probably
spend a bit more time doing this I'm
just thinking you know what they're dead
they're coming out through the ground
they don't really care what their hands
look like at this point once you're
happy with your hands you can get a
little bit creative now I have some of
this which is the sugar flair color it's
like a gel color and it's in the color
scarlet if you have any other kind of
food coloring or even a liquid food
coloring would work quite well with this
and I've just got a little brush I'm
just going to dust them with some red to
make it look a bit like blood these will
automatically set quite hard if you just
leave them out but you definitely want
them to go a lot harder before you put
them into your soil so I'm going to pop
these in the freezer for a while and
then we can stick them in next thing
you're going to do is pop these that
have stiffened slightly in the fridge or
the freezer and you just want to stick
them in the mud there you go your creepy
Halloween waking dead mud cups next up
are these spiderweb chocolate cupcakes
for this you will need three eggs four
tablespoons of boiling water 165 grams
of golden caster sugar one teaspoon of
baking powder 40 grams of cocoa powder
white chocolate baking paper piping bag
and a small nozzle 175 grams of butter
115 grams of self-raising flour for the
icing you will need 60 grams of unsalted
butter 3 tablespoons
whole milk 30 grams of cocoa powder and
250 grams of golden icing sugar I
realized I've never actually done a
chocolate cupcake recipe here on my
channel before so it was about time to
do it and what better time to do it than
Halloween the recipe I'm using is
actually good old merry berry good old
Beza it's her recipe which you can find
online but also feel free to just buy
cupcakes if you can't be bothered to
make them you can get ones that aren't
ice so you can ice them yourself depends
how lazy you're feeling first thing you
want to do is in a small bowl you want
to add your boiling water to your cocoa
powder to form a paste once you have a
chocolaty paste you want to bung it in
your bowl or your mixer next thing
you're going to want to do is simply
bung all your ingredients into the bowl
so in goes so sugar in goes your self
raising flour then go your three eggs
your butter always seemed to struggle
with that bit one teaspoon of baking
powder and then whisk
done after that you want to grab
yourself a muffin tin and some paper
cases of your choice I have got these
these are like little black ones with
polka dots but there's quite a selection
of Halloween cupcake cases out there now
you're going to want to spoon your
mixture into your cupcake cases pop
these into a preheated oven of 200
degrees Celsius for 15 to 20 minutes
until they are springy to touch and
slightly golden on top ok so whilst your
cakes are in the oven and before we
start on the chocolate buttercream icing
you're going to want to make yourself
some white chocolate spiderwebs now this
seems really fiddly and you can of
course just put a white chocolate on top
if you want to but I just thought that
this was quite a nice thing to do and
it's quite simple their cake toppers I'm
going to cut the end of this piping bag
and put a really fine nozzle down the
end and using some baking paper I'm
simply going to draw some cobwebs with
some melted white chocolate this may
take a few practice runs and I can't say
that I'm an expert in this but you can
make it as simple or as intricate as you
want to I start by just doing a simple
line and another one and and then
joining them up once you have done your
little spider webs you want to pop these
in the fridge or the freezer depending
on how quickly you need them I'm just
going to whack mine in freezer next
thing you're gonna want to do is make
your chocolate icing so I'm gonna pop
butter into my mixer whisk him up for a
good why okay now to add your icing
sugar a little bit at a time and add a
tablespoon of
milk with a big old piping nozzle and
piping bag you just want to spoon your
icing in and basically get piping just
take in my cobwebs out of the fridge and
using a palette knife I'm going to very
carefully take them off of the baking
sheet and place them on the cupcake yay
look how good they look I'm so excited
to eat them my only piece of advice that
I would give you when doing these
cobwebs is to do more than you think
you'll need just in case any break but I
think they look pretty damn good if I
say so myself
Halloween bark now this is so simple but
so easy and it looks really really cool
so I would always advise if you've got a
bit of time and you want to do something
that's that little bit of extra effort
instead of just buying chocolates you
can do it yourself
plus it's really fun first thing you
want to do is melt chocolate I've got
white chocolate in a piping bag and I
also have milk chocolate and some dark
chocolate as well but it completed pens
on what you would like you need a baking
tray and a baking sheet and you simply
go crazy with stuff to throw on top so
I'm going to start with milk chocolate
and I'm going to pour it onto the baking
sheet and then you just want to smear it
out this is the most satisfying thing
ever you can do it in any shape you want
I'm sticking to a rectangle because I'm
being boring also it just looks really
neat and then go in with your dark
chocolate I'm going to kind of flick
this oh don't go too crazy with a flick
eight goes everywhere I think more than
anything
this looks really visually quite cool
but it's so much fun to do I'm now going
to put some fudge chunks on mine
I take some white chocolate drops oh I'm
gonna put some of these on these are
M&Ms and they're inscrutable colors
which does make it quite Halloweeny I'm
also going to do some Smarties and then
with my white chocolate I'm going to
drizzle that across the whole thing and
then I'm going to put some sprinkles on
these ones a little skeleton bones I
might go with those and a couple of
green hundreds and thousands I feel like
this is a really fun thing to do if you
don't have a lot of time but also if you
have kids or you're with your siblings
or I don't know it's just something
really fun to do together and you can
get quite creative and quite messy after
that you want to pop this in the fridge
or the freezer and let it set
I've taken my bar out of the freezer
which surprisingly Roo didn't take that
long and here's some that I did earlier
as well
tis something I did earlier always
wanted to say that and then you simply
peel it off oh my god that is just the
most satisfying thing I've ever done in
my life and then you just literally
break it there's a reason it's called
BARC because it's just in pieces and
there you have your Halloween chocolate
 okay the next one is called jelly
and ice cream which i think is just a
great panel words I've got camping with
it oh my god
isn't that weird I'm talking about ice
cream and I start screaming because I
get cramp in my foot I wanted to do
something with jelly and ice cream
because I flippin love it and I haven't
had it since I was a kid and I feel like
the theme to these treats are kind of
childhood favorites which is kind of
what I wanted to go for with this you
simply need jelly glasses of your choice
I've gone for some quite fancy plastic
mystery martini glasses and water you
will also need some ice cream and
anything else you want to put on the top
so I've got some popping candy because I
feel like that's quite Halloween s cos
lemming to drizzle on the top that looks
a bit like blood so I've gone for some
strawberry dessert sauce it might be
worth noting that this does take a
little while in a sense of you
have patience whilst each layer of jelly
is chilling doesn't require a lot of
effort it just means you're mixing a new
color and pouring it on top and leaving
it but you want to bring them out at the
last minute because you're going to pink
ice cream on top I've gone for black
currant lime and orange because I feel
like these are some really great
Halloween flavors they do actually do
one that's blue and glittery which you
can also check out I'm going to start
with the black currant so I'm going to
do the black currant layer first this is
also a really cheap treat to do and I
think visually it looks quite cool break
the jelly and put it in to your
measuring jug you then want to pull half
a pint of boiling water into your jug
and you just want to wait until that
dissolves once you fill up the measuring
jug with half a pint of boiling water
and everything has dissolved you then
want to top up to one pint with cold
water and it will look something like
this and small delicious get your
glasses and you want to just fill up one
third with black currant jelly like so
and then you're going to want to put
your glasses in the fridge to set I
found that it takes about an hour each
layer once your journey has set you want
to take out of the fridge so it look
like this it will wobble it won't go
anywhere and you want to start with the
second layer I am going for orange and
you just want to do the same again so
half a pint of boiling water until it's
dissolved and then top up with cold
water to one point obviously worth
bearing in mind I'm not just doing this
for one glass I have lots more but I've
already prepared but this does make a
lot of different jelly glasses so just
worth bearing in mind
it doesn't just do one now you can pour
your second layer taking it to 2/3
and as you did before you want to take
this and put it in the fridge and then
it kind of goes without saying the last
layer you do is the green or whichever
other color you want all if you come
over to do three layers just do two but
I have to say I think three looks a
little bit more impressive now is the
kind of fun bit where you get scooped
ice cream on top of your jelly I've got
some soft scoop Cornish ice cream spoopy
scoop scoop haha so this is gonna look
like blood oh I feel like this is gonna
just taste so good now because you can't
do Halloween without a bit of popping
candy I'm gonna sprinkle some on top and
there you go your jelly and ice cream
which i think looks fab and it wobbles
ah look at all the trees um the ice
cream is quite quickly melting but
that's fine because you know that's what
ice cream does and I can hear the
popping candy like crackling and it
sounds amazing I actually really want to
try some which I might have to do in a
second but I'm so happy with how these
turned out they are so easy you don't
really need a lot of ingredients there's
not an awful lot of baking required and
yeah pretty straightforward
I really hope there's something here
that you guys can't wait to get making
and make sure if you do to tweet me or
Instagram your images
I love scrolling through and seeing you
all recreating everything I made with
the apple crumble cupcakes I've seen so
many of you tweeting them to me and
saying that you thought they were
delicious which makes me very happy
so again if you make any of this be sure
to let me know give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it subscribe if you
want to see more videos and I will see
you again very soon bye this is making
me so nostalgic you're just gonna do
that Zeeman thing again aren't ya can I
just go and go and go like oh my god
it's so good anyway delicious sure ah
sorry oh sorry study again we've got my
white chocolate left oh my god
I wanna die ah now I'm going to do some
squirting why you can't oh I want to die
