so like I'm channeling my inner Bob from
stranger things today is it the glasses
I think it's the glasses
was it the jump hmm I don't know
also I wanted to wear these because I
really like them and I think they're a
great accessory to my outfit but how do
you guys film with glasses like if you
wear glasses how do you film videos
because right now I just have two lights
in my in my peripherals maybe they just
do this oh I think I might have to scrap
the glasses hello everybody today I am
going to be doing a homework hall which
I think are some of my favorite videos
to a watch MV film it's Halloween and
autumn and all things amazing and this
means that the shops start getting quite
festive I mean I like buying things my
home January to August but I just feel
like from September onwards the stuff
you can buy for your home is just way
better especially because I like to
decorate and I quite like seasonal
themes there is certainly a lot more to
get around this time of year if you're
going to be seasonal so over the last
couple of weeks I have accumulated a
fair amount of Halloween and autumn
seemed goodness so I thought I would
share them with you in this video I
don't even know where to start maybe I
should start like all to me let's do
that I got this cushion actually and I
even kept the tag on it so that I could
show you it so after this video I'm
going to rip the tag off but I got this
and this is from Asda now Asda are great
with seasonal home where I just feel
like some shops get into the spirit of
it and some don't and as there are a
shop that do so they're like all to me
homework is just the cutest this bedding
is from um as
this is from Asda the two throws I am
sat on are from Asda there's just a lot
of Asda going on in my house right now
and it's just so affordable this is 7
pounds and the bedding I think was like
14 pounds which is so good
and considering you'll probably only use
it around this time of year unless like
you like autumn themed bedding all year
round which I don't see why not
then it's like just it just works it's
just a good amount of money to spend I
also picked up this which is some more
bedding this is the toadstools bedding
and it is just so freakin cute I love it
this was also 14 pounds and that's a
king-size so I should imagine duvet
duvet I should imagine duvet I should
imagine the double and the sink or a lot
cheaper I also have this throw this is
one that I haven't untied yet because I
wanted to show you but this goes with
this bedding oh look so you've got the
bedding and this is so autumnal it's
like autumn patchwork it's amazing
there's actually called woodshed
patchwork and again that was 14 pounds I
have to say like the quality of the
material is not as nice it's a little
bit like stiffer so if you're one of
these people that can only really sleep
in very soft sheets you won't like that
but I'm not really too fast so I also
got this throw which is like a quilted
throw and that was 20 pounds I just have
it all in this massive home sent back
home scents Holi home scents there is so
much stuff in home scents I if any of
you don't know what HomeSense is it's
essentially just the home section of TK
Maxx and I know I've done videos where
I've said that before but just for any
of you that might be new or you've never
seen any of my videos or you've never
seen a homework haul that is what home
senses
and I just think it's one of my favorite
shops around this time of year because
they either have autumn themed things
Halloween themed things or christmasing
things in fact they have Christmas in
there already and a half act of law all
that Halloween in HomeSense this year
was a whole other level and even the
staff in there were like we have so much
stuff this year like there was just
shelves and shelves and shelves of all
the coolest Halloween things you've ever
seen I feel like here in the UK we don't
do Halloween as big as some of you might
in America whenever I see Halloween on
American films TV shows documentaries I
don't know American youtubers Halloween
is such a huge thing and they go all out
and it's the one time of year where I'm
really jealous that I don't live in
America HomeSense gets a lot of American
brands in their stores so a lot of the
things you can buy in home cents have
been made in America which means that
they're really like good the first thing
I picked up with these hand towels yeah
I know I'm like going all out in the
house for Halloween this year
so you've got one that's just black with
orange spots and this one which is like
a waffle texture if any of you are
wondering if that's your ideal t-tell
texture and that's just black and it
says trick or treat I like them I also
picked up these because they're so cute
they had rails upon rails of different
types of fake pumpkins I just thought
I'm going to have real pumpkins in my
house so I want something that's just
purely decorative so I may as well get
something slightly different so I picked
up these two this one's kind of I guess
this one's a little bit more Korean this
one's white and they've just got glitter
on them I honestly believe you could
probably do this yourself to an actual
pumpkin I was about to hit myself in the
face of that if you painted it and I
don't know
got a bit DIY happy on a pumpkin you
could make something like this but I
wanted something that was going to last
and like
out next year as well so some pumpkins I
feel like this is like Halloween chic
it's like sophisticated Halloween which
I mean from here on in is not that just
an FYI basically if you're throwing a
Halloween party which I encourage
everybody to do just because it's fun
why not
they have just everything you would ever
need to throw the best Halloween party
like they even have table runners look
so I've got this table runner which
actually if you ask me is a bit pirate
just like skull and crossbones but it's
still a skull so it's Halloween I got
these these are so cute these are paper
love favor boxes now I have never heard
of paper love
I know Mary Mary which is a kind of like
party stationery accessories brand I
guess I'm not too sure what they would
go under but I love Mary Mary stuff if
any of you are throwing a party for any
occasion check out Mary Mary paper love
also looks really cool and they're just
little tiny like treat boxes let me show
you the look so you put sweets and
treats in there and yeah I just it's
really cute I don't know even if I don't
use them this year I might use them next
year
ding I also picked up this which is
essentially a box of wooden Halloween
shapes when I was younger and my mom
used to do house parties um all like
festive parties that's where I get it
from by the way she would always put
things on the table like she would
always put like sequins on the table or
like star confetti at Christmas and I
just used to remember thinking this
looks really cool because it's like cute
but it's so simple I don't know it just
adds something to the table so I was
like these are really cool granted
they're a little bit bigger than like
subtle table confetti
but I just think they're called decorate
anything with really and these were only
$2.99 because I am planning to do a
Halloween party this year just
for like me and literally like three
friends because why not um I went and
got some like serving well at Halloween
surfing where because why serve things
in plain bowls when you can serve them
in bowls with spiders as stands like
this literally looks like something from
Game of Thrones but how fun like popcorn
crisps I just love it I just love it
I'm gonna have to have like a box of
Halloween themed things that I'm gonna
have to like store away and don't next
year because I'm not sure this will have
the same effect in summer also for
nibbles and Halloween treats I got this
bowl which is silver and has little
skulls on it I really like it I think
it's cool and this was $12.99
speaking of Mary Mary yeah they have
this in-home sense it's happy Halloween
bunting I mean if you're throwing a
party or you want a decade rout deco
decorate your ring or you want to
decorate your room you're gonna need
some fun ting lads
$3.99 can't go wrong and I really like
it because it has like YouTube bats as
well look speaking of bats some hanging
back decorations something wicked again
Mary Mary from home scents and these are
399 and it's eight hanging bat
decorations have a lot fun with those
I'm not sure if this is kind of on the
crazy scale of you're taking this too
far Zoey it's it's Halloween and yes a
couple of decorations is cute but I
picked up some hand towels and flannels
in Halloween themed I I don't know they
had them and I was like that's too cute
not to have and also if we're having the
party I can put these out and people can
use them so $6.99 for this one and you
get six and the hand towels which I have
to say I like the softest things I've
ever felt in my life
oh it's by a brand called Casa FINA
I heard of them before and these were
$7.99 and yet too taking it back a notch
to autumn they had so much of this
amazing bakeware this year and this is
by a brand called Nordic Ware made in
the USA so I'm assuming this is a
American brand and this is like a loaf
tin but it has frickin pumpkins on it so
when you do your bake it looks like that
like how cool is that so I bought this
one and I also bought a couple more with
like smaller little pumpkin cake so you
could do tiny little like pumpkin
cupcakes and the quality of them is like
really good
this was $19.99 so it wasn't necessarily
cheap but I'm really into my good
quality bakeware and this seems like
great quality and if you can't make a
loaf which creates pumpkins on it then I
mean is like worth really living to be
honest
also in home cents I picked up these
which are drinking glasses with
skeletons on them in this kind of like
black sketchy print and these were $7.99
that's actually really good amazing so
great for a party again I thought this
is kind of key this was $5.99 and it is
a little sign they had some really like
out there cheesy like Halloweeny type
things but I just really like this one
this says ghosts and goblins spooks
galore scary which is at your door
jack-o'-lanterns shining bright wishing
you a haunting night I love it I just
think it's really cute I can't wait to
have children so they can appreciate my
Halloween efforts because right now it's
just Alfie and Nala and I'm just not
sure they really appreciate them that
much also got some more bunting this is
Mary Mary again and this is kind of like
her
do-it-yourself bunting so you've got all
the letters to spell out happy Halloween
and you've also got some like cardboard
pumpkins witches spiders ghosts
you've got the lot in here so that looks
fabulous
moving on to John Lewis who didn't have
that much on their website but they did
have a few things I really liked I liked
the idea of having Halloween style
baubles or just things you can hang from
things so if you had like a little tree
or I don't know something somewhere and
you just wanted a tiny little like I
like Halloween but I'm not gonna go that
OTT you could get like a little hanging
pumpkin which i think is the cutest
thing I've ever seen
he's glittery and smiling and he looks
like he's lost teeth like he looks like
a little like child pumpkin I like it
and then also a sequin bat
and I don't know I just really like
those so I got a couple of each of those
I don't know whether I'll put them on
like a spooky little Halloween tree or
something I haven't quite got that far
and I also picked up these which are
ginger a spooky spider paper straws
because I mean why not going back to
Asda but Halloween and Asda they have so
many great crazy and slightly tacky
Halloween decorations oh hello Nala you
scared me
so if you are looking for something a
bit more on the cheap side and you want
something to be like really out there go
to Asda because they have so many things
ok so what I mean by that is this will
Alfie's choice um it's just a giant
clown head and it does things like this
Nalla hates it as you can imagine but
yeah they have things like this which i
think is that's the route you want to go
down you should and then these are the
bits I picked up so I got this little
pack of skeletons which is a garland so
it's like a little skeleton garland and
that was literally two pounds I got
these 10 LED grinning ghost lights
how cute are they so you're just factory
operated look ghost get these which are
the same little battery-operated LED
lights and they're tiny little pumpkins
oh these are 5 pounds 5 pounds each
Halloween is not Halloween especially if
you're gonna throw a party without
cobwebs my mom used to string these
across our whole house when she did a
Halloween party
right there nala some look choke and
they always just looked amazing so I got
quite a few bags of these and I think
this was like a pound more lights
because I just think you need a lot of
lights
these were six pounds and oh how cute is
this little sparkly pumpkin this was one
pound and I did and then the last thing
I picked up from Asda with these jelly
spiders and fun fact the woman at the
checkout who was serving me when I
bought these she didn't want to touch
the spiders she obviously had a fear of
spiders that extended to even fake ones
and so she asked me to pick them up and
as I picked them up and so I had to like
lean over her toe and like pick them up
and pass them over she sucks scanned it
with the scanner from like afar and I
was like Oh bless her she must really
hate this time of year give it a stir
and they were a pound each I mean they
do look pretty grim maybe it's like the
way they move it is quite gross don't
blame her right and I mean I'm not gonna
lie I have four other things but I felt
like these things were ones worth
showing you that is going to be a video
on this channel of all these things kind
of being you
used at our little Halloween party kind
of like the picnic party that I did
before so to see any of this in action
in the house then subscribe thumbs up
that should be coming soon and yeah let
me know if you guys are excited with
Halloween I am as you can see and I need
to go and get decorating hope you've had
a lovely day and I will see you again
very soon bye
