however everybody as you can see I am in
the kitchen I am getting festive and I'm
going to do some baking because everyone
loves to bake around this time of year
I'm working with Waitrose in this video
as part of their new Christmas campaign
Christmas together
which is essentially everyone coming
together friends family strangers and
making the most of the Christmas season
whether that's with cooking baking or
simply just having fun christmas is a
time for everyone to be together and
that is exactly what Waitrose want to
get across which i think is lovely so in
this video i'm gonna be making some
gingerbread fairly light cupcakes I've
done this recipe before on my girl but
I'm mixing up the decoration a little
bit because I saw a really cool picture
on Pinterest but I'm going to attempt to
copy because it looks really cool and
very magical very Christmassy so let's
get started first thing you want to do
is pre-heat your oven to 175 degrees
Celsius
get yourself a baking tin or a cupcake
baking tin and fill it with your chosen
cupcake cases I've gone for gold because
I think it's quite Christmas
perfect
okay now you're all prepared it's time
to stop mixing which is the messy job
but also the fun job so I'm going to pop
that to one side if you're planning on
doing any baking around Christmas season
get organized get all your ingredients
out make sure that all around you so
you're not like scrambling through
cupboards trying to find things if it's
all there out front of you it makes it
much more simpler and much more
enjoyable right I've got my trusty
KitchenAid first thing I'm gonna do is
cream together the butter and the sugar
so let's get our mixing bowl and our
scales I've got my butter here and we
need 75 grams of butter that's 96 it's
all ticks and off there we go pop that
to the side because you will need it
later I'm not gonna pop the butter in
the KitchenAid now we need to weigh out
the sugar and we need 100 grams of
caster sugar
now you don't like we want to cream that
together so it's all nice and soft and
smooth next thing you need to add to the
butter and sugar is your treacle we need
125 milliliters of treacle I can
appreciate measuring up treacle is not
the easiest there we go
don't lick treacle out of the thing it's
not like golden syrup it doesn't taste
good it tastes right if you just eat it
out of the big trust me I think I did
that last time pour that in there we go
made a right off map next thing you need
to do is crack in one large egg and one
large egg yolk I am using the Waitrose
free-range eggs all their eggs are
free-range which is good and it's always
nicer I think to use larger eggs and
baking so the second egg you do only
want the yolk so you need to do a little
bit of egg dancing there we go happy
with that and it goes perfect now you
want to give that a good mix
there's a look too appetizing right now
but trust me it will be lovely now in a
separate Bowl you want to mix together
all your dry ingredients so I'm going to
make the eggs away so you want 175 grams
of plain flour now we shake my whole
body when I get flour at night okay
cocoa powder yep we want 1 tablespoon of
cocoa powder and it goes you then want
to add 1 teaspoon of baking powder now
it's time to add all your spices which
make the cake tastes absolutely amazing
this is what for me makes this feel like
a very Christmassy recipe because it's
very warming and spicy and just
delicious basically so the first spice
you want to add to your dry mixture is
ginger and you want to add one and a
quarter teaspoon of ginger I think
ginger is my favorite spice hundred
percent
there we go the next spice you want to
add is cinnamon and you want to add one
teaspoon of cinnamon like Christmas you
literally just smell up all day we go
the next one that you want to add is
mixed spice or allspice and you want to
add half a teaspoon of that and then
lastly you want to grab some ground
nutmeg which also whoa that smells so
much stronger in this than it does when
you bake with it
whoa again you want to add half the
teaspoon of that now you're all spice up
spice up your life have a boy never go
I'm also going to add a quarter of a
teaspoon of salt as well and that is all
your dry ingredients now in a bowl you
then want to add it to your wet
ingredients and you just want to mix
this until it's just combined you don't
want to over beat it let's spice it up
my nose these are going to be delicious
okay for this next bit you want to grab
yourself a saucepan just a little one
and pop it on a small hole and you want
to use 125 milliliters of milk all right
so this this measuring drug is too big
so I don't know I've just made it yes
and you want to pour it in a saucepan
and you just want to really carefully
heat up the milk being careful not to
boil it that's the last thing you want
the milk is now hot so I'm going to add
that into the mixture
very gently add a little bit and I'm
gonna
this is where the bits will start to
look so delicious you use my spatula and
make sure I've got everything what the
edges now you have your absolutely
delicious looking capable mixture it's
time to spoon it into your cupcake cases
two spoons one for spooning one pushing
it into the cupcake cases
now all you have to do is pop these in
your oven for around 20 minutes or until
they are springy to touch a little bit
more golden on the outside and tidy up
your kitchen we don't have much longer
on the cupcakes but whilst they're still
in the oven I'm gonna start on making
the buttercream icing this is literally
a simple buttercream icing recipe and
this is just a general one I tend to
follow so for this you will need 240
grams of unsalted butter let's see how
much this is 170 once and we do need
another all 245 perfect you want to beat
this until it is really light in color
basically until it goes from yellow to
white
cakes are out now you need to put these
on a cooling tray until they are
actually cool not like a little bit warm
or I don't have time I'm going to fit
the icing onto a long hot cake wait till
they're cold
otherwise your cakes will look really
bad I do think the one thing you need to
have patience for like a hundred percent
mark I'm talking to you now these are on
the cooling rack I'm gonna leave these
just there to the side whilst I carry on
with the butter icing I've been mixing
this for around five minutes I'm just
gonna do once more just scraping all the
butter off the edge just to make sure
we've got every little bit and it's as
creamy as possible okay I'm now going to
measure out 400 grams of icing sugar
into a bowl there we go it's essentially
nearly the entire box and you're just
going to very gently cream the butter
and add little bits of icing sugar as
you go
now you're going to want to add two
teaspoons of vanilla I have some vanilla
bean paste one and then you want to add
four tablespoons of milk although I
would do this graduate so you can see
whether the consistency of the icing is
how you want it so I'll maybe do two
first mix that
it's so great should I try a little bit
hmm
honestly I think this is the best
buttercream icing
I've ever made okay I'm going in for my
fourth tablespoon now what my cakes are
completely cool I put the right in
chocolate in a glass of boiling water so
that's nice and melted now it's time to
do my favorite bit which is to ice the
cupcakes just going to cut the end of my
piping bag off and pop my nozzle in and
then fold your bag over and start
filling it
right I am going to start from the
outside and work my right in so that I
can make like a point
I've decided to go with M&Ms because
they are the brightest colors and for
this because we're doing like some fairy
lights needs to be bright so oh that
wasn't as smooth as I thought was gonna
be I thought I'm just gonna go my
writing chocolate has fully melted you
cut the end off you want to stop and
kind of just go all the way around to
the top don't know how easy this is
gonna be with chocolate let's just give
this a go there we go
perfect one done
okay
I quite like it when it goes a wiggly it
looks like proper fairy lights you know
what I mean
okay chocolate is done I actually do
think this is going to taste much nicer
because we've used chocolate not writing
icing so you want to get your M&Ms and
then you just want to stick them in very
light
okay and there you go these are my
definitely don't look quite as good as
the Pinterest version but I'm really
happy with them and they are very
delicious cupcakes I leave all the
ingredients and the links and sources to
everything down below if you guys want
to recreate these in time for Christmas
don't forget to share your photos or
videos of your together moments using
the hashtag Christmas together I think
that's gonna be such a lovely positive
hashtag and I can't wait to see what you
guys post in it I also can't wait to see
if you decide to make these they'll
probably a better than mine but I'm
excited to see them give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see you again very soon I really want to
eat underneath should I try I'm gonna
try one guys gingerbread cupcake oh my
these are the best things I've ever made
