ah you're okay I'm just last time you
showered why add fruit more be your air
or your add another wind no no no oh
wind spins ahead fringe a shrink I'm in
no earthly twins where you know can you
imagine that one day in your life you'll
actually be a male well I you could be
gone by when lifeless would never die I
dreamed that God would be for giving cuz
they tell your whole ah I need a water I
need a water filter oh set youp on yours
oh hello Oh shiny Oh guys look over his
favorite Hey hi everybody today I'm
going to be doing my favorites it's a
little bit light but I've been super
busy hence why I've decided to film this
video in the only spare chance I've got
with Mark and out fides I think not
farted
that's marker yeah love is our club come
here
so this is gonna be a bit of a crazy
favorites probably a little bit all over
the place but I figured that you guys
wouldn't mind because there's one of
these every month and as long as I show
you the things I've been loving we can
all have a little bit fun yeah this is
by the brand Maria Neela have you ever
heard my favorite no I'm don't take this
the wrong way be numbers vassal yeah it
smells like an airplane toilet though
no I quite like the smell because they
are clean smells smell this
does this one smell the same oh it's yes
it's purple
oh no that's nice I like that smell yeah
but that smells like you know those
little toilets in the airplanes I like
that but this is for colored hair which
is why ever you liked it and it has
color guard complex sulfate and paraben
free and it's 100% vegan produced in
Sweden hmm Wow and I also think that
because it's for color-treated hair and
the conditioner is silver it makes my
hair really blonde mmm I like it
remember when you have blond hair yeah
that wasn't even that long ago oh is
this like last month we've lost in Alfie
deyes the attention span of a 3 year old
so I do I have used another one of these
I bought two and I used it and I
absolutely freakin loved it I bought it
on the lush website and I've never seen
it before and it's called physiotherapy
and it's I'm going to read it to you and
I think it'll drop into the bath and
feel the stimulating and warming effect
from ginger powder cinnamon leaf oil and
clove bud oil this is like Christmas in
a bar phizzer
but I think it's only a website
exclusive yeah once it's so small I
don't know but I love it oh yeah Oh see
there's none of that the other day
no that is lovely oh that's how they
died forget it
ah see I am all about those Christmassy
cinnamon clove smells I said evening sir
yeah I love it so I've got one more of
those by am gonna have to place another
order because I really enjoyed those
even though we're technically almost
halfway through September and this is my
August base this did come out this month
so it's technically like a
middle-of-the-road fave but it's been a
favor of mine for a long time I just
haven't been able to share it with you
and you like it - I love it
you haven't got a bath though so you use
it in the shower are you something I
take a nice little dollop slap it on rub
around with the zoella flannel ah
and then shower so
this is the scooper duper foaming bath
soap you guys know how much of a bubble
bath I've pretty much been having bubble
baths like every other night I love them
especially like when it starts getting
orderly
yeah this is one of the new things that
came out as an additive to the core
range and I just really liked what I did
send it I still really love the original
sin I who like I like it so much more
now my god not saying I didn't like it
and start but to fruit has always been
my fave yeah you love the tutti fruity -
yeah I've been using that I'm very happy
that I can actually now tell you I've
been using it um and also two things
from Bath & Body Works because I placed
the order that was the candles and I
might placed another cheek a little
order of a lot of the bath and shower
stuff because for some reason I just
didn't buy any I don't know what I was
thinking um so I've got the altered you
call it an orchard I say orchid orchid
where's the eye orchard so when you go
to prom
oh I got you an orchid it's that way
read that word or chart
hahahahahahaha oh okay okay when the eye
what would you say oh oh oh
 you know what our differences
between an orchid in an orchard yeah I
thought it was the same thing well let
you put on your wrist at prom the girls
put on limits to the prom do you know
one saying kids on your wrist it from
yeah I don't but the girl says no oh
watch it is where apples grow oh oh like
a like a vine yard yeah but like an
orchard
this is orchard leaves and blue sky you
have this matter I know you
oh my god it smells like my crisps
morning air hand sanitizer
I like um that it smells quite fresh and
a little bit masculine and I like that I
can also smell it on me lingers like in
the morning up until the afternoon it
sort of lingers a little bit but not too
much because you don't want it to do
that because then you can't put you know
aftershave on you can even lay in yes
well I live orchids the other thing that
I also love is this which is the pumpkin
marshmallow latte sheer and sugar body
scrub but it's like it's it's a bit more
like runny in texture so I feel like
there's kind of two types of body scrub
you've got like the ones you kind of
scoop out they're a bit harder which is
kind of like the one I've got that I
brought out or there's this type which
is a lot more like it's like squeezy but
yes like you could like I don't know
like a mr. whippy yeah it's more like um
like look it's quite like oh yeah guy
but it's like smell the whole it says
keynotes a pumpkin latte toasted
marshmallow creamy sandalwood white
ginger and prale I pray line must
Fraulein
Crowley beautiful yeah I also really
like that it also phone oh yeah I'll
leave it in the shower so you can use it
tomorrow whatever it's like it it's it's
not as um etosha scrub as ones you can
kind of scoop but it's like foamy it's
like a wash with bits of scrub in it and
I really really like it it's very good
and you've got the candle that to Matt
and I do have the candle lit right now
to match it is one of my favorite
suppose BSS I think what out the whole
bud both Molly works alright well it's
just very like subtle but it's just the
right amount of sweet for me you know
I'd use all year round
yeah another thing I've been really
loving is this this is the origins
ginseng energy boosting moisturizer so
there have you used this before
hi
smells like a tin of Christmas chalk
like chocolate creams like the quality
Street oh yeah the cream inside the
chalk yeah yeah yeah yeah don't be a
what to say about this apart from that I
just bloody love it it's tightening it
yeah it smells good and it oh this is
not what I thought what you can also get
this for under eyes as well that's what
I've used so this is all over the face
yes the moisturizer oh okay yeah really
good I've only ever used the ginseng
under your eyes I love this although I'm
not normally a massive fan of like fake
orange smells but I don't mind this it's
like it's grown on me I find it it it
just makes my makeup go on really nicely
and I haven't had any problems of this
and it's just generally a really nice
moisturizer like I get excited to put it
on and I think my skin is very thankful
for it
mm-hmm so I've been really loving that
energy boosting how many of you are
loving my autumnal background right now
do you love my autumnal background I
love stay home and snuggle and I love
the Fox pillow is cute isn't it okay
another thing I've been really loving
you know how much I love my liquid like
lipstick yeah that turn Matt these are
the two faced melted matte liquid matte
long well it sticks as a mouthful and
these are new additions to my makeup
collection because they very kindly sent
me some not a hashtag spawn just a
hashtag brick in all of it I hate myself
no don't change it don't change I've
been really really tough you need to
justify everywhere oh I'm starving
sobbing I've been showering film with me
in this crappy food oh my geez they're
just amazing also I really love the
packaging you okay
in a minute the color in particular that
I have been loving which I have on right
now is this one which is cool girl is
still morphing so I'm in trouble
why do I know did I spit again no I did
I just remember things
oh cool girl I start again that's right
what's up good night
it's not forget if you've just got loose
lips today oh cool girl I really like it
it's a really great one in all
seriousness to face is great
just lay okay hashtag I freaking love it
yes King King committin hair another
thing I have been obsessed with is the
Kat Von D locket foundation oh yeah so
this is 24-hour where full coverage
transfer-resistant matte finish it's
everything but I feel like a lot of
people would be a bit terrified to wear
like 24 hour full coverage matte but I
love it like I really didn't think I
would love it but yeah the packaging is
so cool and she has every shade covered
as well which i think is so good there's
so many so many different variations of
skin shade it's quite thick it's always
like um to see it
wow yeah it's like a gel almost I don't
know but somehow it really blends into
your skin really nicely and the only
thing I will say is make sure you have a
very well moisturized face if you don't
have oily skin if you have oily skin
scan Skype your voice can I feel like
you're really like this if you're a
little bit more on the dry side just
make sure you're wearing a super thick
moisturizer before you put it on because
I put this on the other
day when I forgot to moisturize and I
was like oh my god my skin looks weird
and I couldn't work out why then I
remembered I didn't moisturize I didn't
use my ginseng
moisturizing is really one of those now
yeah what moisturizer do simple and
Nippon fab I also use serums as well
yeah I've moved on to serums a little
bit more than moisturizer these days oh
you going up in the world apparently so
I took my father super the other day and
now I'm using serum serum ah what is it
serum serum of serum it's wrong hey yeah
Kat Von D foundation check it out if you
need a fuller coverage foundation
another thing I love is my hand cream
it's a bit like Lane I'm putting my own
products in my favorite no because I do
genuinely love them it's all I've been
using for like how many months have I
been using this for literally since I
had a sample of it I've been using it
I've got one in my office one next to my
bed one in my makeup bag and one in my
bathroom hungry hands hand cream which
is now available in super drug ding ding
and it's a good size it's a really good
size like you're not gonna run out of
that yes please
yeah sorry that might be a bit much I
guess yeah I've got bigger hands than
the Almighty but do you have hungry
hands lies the question I have hungry
hands they are starving famished
I missed ah ginger bread just works oh
yeah by the way it's ginger bread sent
it oh yeah it just works I want to eat
it oh my god this just so Christmassy
and festive and I love it one more thing
I've been loving is the bake-off holy
guacamole literally do you watch it I'm
upset yeah yeah I'm just really upset
that it's not gonna be on BBC anymore
well so now
love melons ooh so much I mean I love
Paul and Mary as well but none and Sue
was so funny I love baking
I love that it's cozy you love
passionate baking people I love other
people love baby I just love baking and
you love UNH's
I do know all my favorite things in it
so yeah I've been majorly obsessed with
the bake-off as well is there anything
you've been loving mark um I know you
what else I've been loving but just
don't let you get word in edgeways do i
yeah oh well I take one direction take
me home album yeah every time we see
each other we just play it in way I've
been playing it a lot more even after me
yeah when you're not here I say I just
love it it's my favorite 1d album and
I've just been reliving the memories I
miss them so much
don't cry because it's over smile
because it happened
what's that it's my is not war is that
is a good step I've been loving actually
beach yeah um be watching scream queens
again season two starts tomorrow
um well right yeah but it comes out man
yeah I'm loving em aghanim's podcast I
love it she did one with Mara Wilson who
plays Matilda oh oh yeah she's got a lot
to say isn't it was it good oh I've got
play yeah it was really interesting
because she talked about like accidental
fame yeah like it was really interesting
so an Macallan's podcast as always I
just love it I was on it she interviewed
me on it mmm I won't listen to that yeah
you would love it as well have you ever
listened to my dad wrote a porno I've
seen the book is it the book that you
showed me I don't think well it was a
book originally but I don't think it got
published well maybe it did get
published it's just someone read their
dad wrote a porno and they read it on
the podcast it's so funny you would
really you would love that
oh yeah do you listen to any quicker I
used to when I was younger I used to
make him did you
I used to make podcasts like when I
first started when I first died before I
went away on holiday Oh talk about I
said I made one for my friend she made
one back just so if you listen to it
while I was on like traveling uh what
they called those um the new hula hoops
oh I'm not tried them oh so yeah they're
not you know what who looks like thin
like that yeah they're chunky Oh with a
little more flavor Oh loving them sort
min ago I wonder if there's anything
I've been loving food wine mmm
catalog you've got a lot Kit Kats thanks
to are we doing the 100 KitKat layer
challenge Tower Kit Kat towel and
Diliman tardone Kitka it's a leaning
tower Kit Kat literally I feel like you
literally just film Joe all ghosts face
I did oh just now this one's all good I
feel like you've just filmed your July
yeah I think we should end this here cuz
we've been talking for a hella long oh
my god is 4 to 9 no it's not nice for
seven please no I can't slip away that
fast I'm not good but I really hope you
enjoyed this video it's just a bit fun a
little bit random I think it's quite
nice to mix up every now and always
oh wait that's what I love that's my
favorite it makes enough mixing it up
pop star it is there and love it yes
dear Oh very much guys give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you again very soon
