this is a little bit too dark what you
do what you're doing what you doing what
are you doing now the Sun is coming out
this is this is not gonna work really is
this better
is this a better setup buzzy this better
Nala is this better
Oh Oh buzz does not like being on camera
go to feed good boy you're gonna be a
good boy are you gonna be a good boy I
know folks never film videos on cloudy
days hello everyone today I'm going to
be doing a video I haven't done on this
channel in so long so I've been doing
YouTube now for seven years that's a
really long time one of the first types
of videos that I used to do were Primark
calls I loved doing Primark hauls and
then when I moved to Brighton and
discovered that the Primark in Brighton
was not as good as the Primark in
Bristol I was most disappointed and
since then I haven't really done a
Primark haul because any time I go in
there I never come up with anything
no most doesn't need it ears cleaned
no this video is just not going well so
far and I haven't even shown you
anything no no no no no no no no I'm
gonna break up this fight hello buddy
Bristol prime up is the best Primark
in the world
Shh quieten down Shh listen listen
what's that what's that oh oh oh oh oh I
wasn't actually anything Shh
no there's nothing to bark up laughter
should we film this later because you're
both being very naughty your breath
smells like a fish mongers long story
short I went to Primark here's the stuff
I bought
did that run long story short I went to
Primark here's what I bought well I mean
not the best poem in the world is it I
bought so much I had to actually fork
out a whole pound to replace the paper
bags with one of these because I could
have risked carrying paper bag back to
the car because you know split Ã¤j-- on
all that first thing I picked up is this
this is a I don't really this is a midi
dress or a maxi dress I can't remember
maxi and it's like a maxi shirt dress
and it's in this gorgeous navy and
orange and white stripe with short
sleeves and a little pocket where the
stripes are going a different way and it
buttons all the way down and has a
little tie around the waist I thought
this would be really nice as a kind of
transition maxi dress from old from
summer to autumn especially if you were
to wear it with something like converse
yes then this was 13 pounds the next
thing I picked up is this which is a
jumpsuit and is this gorgeous kind of I
don't know I don't know whether I would
call it like as techy print but it looks
sort of is um excuse me know it has this
really lovely kind of high neck and it
comes in at the waist and then it has
like MIDI trousers like plots and I
really liked this I feel like this isn't
really an autumn piece but I think it
will be really good for the end
summer that was 13 pounds also I have
three pairs of shoes
the first being these which are this
lovely kind of dark blue I wouldn't say
they're maybe not quite and they're just
little pumps with these cute little like
fringy tassels and these were eight
pounds we then have these which are not
your kind of converse but they are very
similar and they're in a very pretty
rose gold kind of shade and I just
thought they would be really nice to
kind of throw on and because there were
only eight pounds I feel like it doesn't
matter if these get ruined as opposed to
your standard converse which you might
not want to get wrecked but I just
thought they were so pretty in fact
these would look lovely with that maxi
dress actually also picked up Oh also
picked up these which are tiny little
kind of mock suede ankle boots with
little buckles on the side I feel like
these are always really good for little
dresses or skirts with tights and you
can't go wrong with a little pair of
black flats ankle boots super comfy and
these were only there's no price on
these Oh 12 pounds I got these which are
like little kind of smock kind of
pinafore dresses and this is in a really
lovely kind of salmony pink kind of
shade it's quite like a dusky salmony
pink and it's this kind of mock suede
type fabric again and have these little
buttons here how cute is that going to
look on top of a white t-shirt and in
the true spirit of autumn I also picked
one up in a car key green because why
ever not
and these were only ten pounds I also
picked up this one which is in a
burgundy corduroy and this again is the
kind of pin II for style I feel like
this is definitely much more of a winter
item and this was 12 pounds
I picked up these trousers because I
thought they looked really comfy but
also quite smart
instead of joggers these are a nice
alternative especially with kind of a
t-shirt tucked in or a body or something
I don't know I liked the little rose
gold zips down the side and I liked the
fact that they were really loose but
tight on the bottom these were eight
pounds what a bargain
I liked this jumper it's like a slouchy
kind of cropped jumper I think I'd
probably roll the sleeves up and it has
this on it which just says good morning
Tokyo and it has these cute little
diagrams on and I just thought that was
really nice it's a really lovely like
slouchy jumper and that was eight pounds
I got this which I don't know what it
will look like on but I saw it and I was
like all that looks kind of cool and
again it's kind of an autumn maxi dress
alternative so it's this black one with
three-quarter length sleeves and it says
nor a Blanc and it has slip quite big
slips up the side so I would probably
wear this with some shorts and tights or
maybe just shorts and then some boots or
my converse but yeah I thought that
looked really cool I quite quite like
that that was eight pounds excuse me a
key
get off my new belongings belongings
items of clothing garments at all why
can't you two just go to sleep
geez
sit as I was saying this one is quite
similar but it's short-sleeved and it
says NYC LDN Tokyo and Berlin the only
difference with this one is that the
slip is up the front so you would for
sure need to wear something under it but
I think like some like pleather trousers
would look really cool under this I'm
excited to try that that was also a
tongue right now you're licking his face
and that is so sweet of you but really
does does sound pretty vile no no no
this is the sound I cannot stop chewing
on stairs yeah I think we've had enough
of you two up here come on if you could
all just remind me after this what it
would be like to have two dogs all you
know let Alfie know because he's the one
that wants a second dog already yeah
just just to come back to this video and
watch this as a little reminder I picked
up this t-shirt which is black and
slightly ribbed with these cute little
frilly sleeves and it says 90s on it I
am a child of the 90s
therefore this seemed pretty apt six
pounds whenever I'm in Primark I do like
to stock up on my basic t-shirts so that
is what I did I got these two tops one
in black and one in white this is so
soft this fabric I was like actually
thoroughly impressed and also I love
things with a very high neck this was
just a little short sleeve tees and that
was three pounds so I actually picked up
two of those and one in black because I
tend to wear white a little bit more
than black but they were so soft so I
thought they would be good especially to
wear under the pinafores and things also
picked up this little crop top in a very
tiny black-and-white stripe with a
little knot at the front
that is a little crop and that was five
pounds I picked up this body which is so
cute it's navy with tiny little white
stars on it and this was four pounds -
more spaghetti strapp bodies got this
one in a burgundy which was four pounds
and this one in a stripe which was also
four pounds I also picked up this which
is a bright orange kind of wraparound
style body and that was eight pounds so
that was a little bit more pricey but
it's also very lovely on dark again
bloody ell there's literally no clouds
that side that all this side that's the
side where the Sun is that's really
annoying do we have liftoff I also
picked up this which is a really lovely
kind of t-shirt jumper is kind of
somewhere in the middle it's very
slouchy and it's in this really lovely
cocky green and this was four pounds how
good is that it has a really like wide
straight neck I picked up this really
pretty little shirt which has just a
very high neck little collar and it's
just this really lovely a floral pattern
but it's quite all terminal and actually
I think this would look lovely under
something like this like the little
pinafore and this was eight pounds I
bought this little cropped jumper which
I thought was very 70s I really really
liked it can you imagine this with some
high-waisted flared trousers and
platform boots yeah this was eight
pounds as well it just has some really
nice all terminal colors I picked up
this kind of chunky knit mustard jumper
which again is kind of 70s it has a
little bit of a 70s vibe to it and it
actually has a zip down the back and
again it has a kind of
slash neck and this is ten pounds
sticking with autumn I picked up this
which is a burgundy jumper it has some
really nice kind of like chunky knit
going on and this was ten pounds on to
bag number two I think this is the same
as the mustard one that I held up before
so it has a really wide neck the zip at
the back and it's quite like baggy and
drapey I have the worst terminology for
describing clothes and that's ten pounds
not that I needed any more joggers
because I have quite a lot of dramas and
joggers
I couldn't resist these these are eight
pounds but they are the softest thing I
have ever felt in my entire life I
cannot wait to live in these from the
waist down and then because I wanted to
be really matching matchy I actually
picked up a hoodie the same but I like
my gray hoodies and actually this isn't
like a proper hoodie because this isn't
a hood this is just like a cowl neck but
I really like that and that raw 8 pounds
or I didn't say how much these were
these were also eight pounds I picked up
this cute little corduroy black a line
miniskirt with little silver buttons
down the middle I thought that that
would be really nice for autumn again
and that was eight pounds
I bought a camo jacket didn't I so this
was 20 pounds but I tell you why I
really liked it because it's not fussy
it has it doesn't have studs or die
Mantes or sequins or anything else going
on
it's literally a really kind of dulled
down simple camo jacket and that is why
I really liked it and it's also not too
thick so I feel like it's perfect for
this time of year it's actually really
hard to find a camo jacket that doesn't
have other things on it at the moment
so I was very chuffed when I saw that so
I bought this but
don't actually know what this is going
to like on me because this color is very
hit and miss with my skin tones it's
that sort of color that either washes me
out or looks okay so we will see but
it's a very kind of tight figure-hugging
body con midi dress and I just thought
that that would look so if that looks
okay on me but it would be really really
nice and that was 13 pounds because you
can't go to Primark and avoid the pajama
section I did have a little nosy and I
just bought these really soft grey very
very cozy pj set it's like shirt and
trousers boyfriend flannel pajamas
called and it has tiny little white
polka dots on these are just gonna be
really really comfy aren't they you can
just tell these were only eight pounds I
picked up this scarf which I really
really liked also it's quite big and I
like a big scarf because you can prop a
wrap up in it but it is a white and
black tiny tiny little kind of like
woven pattern with some black fringing
and also some white fringing where's the
price how much were you seven pounds
picked up two hats they've got some
great hats in these were two pounds each
and they've both got little fluffy
pom-poms can't go wrong with a fluffy
pom-pom I bought this little makeup bag
I say little it looks bloody huge I just
really liked the pattern it's kind of
like little is cream with little black
splotches and this walls own nearly four
pounds and I feel like you're gonna get
quite a lot in here from the home
section I did have a little nosey and I
came out with these two glasses so these
are the glass jar with straw oh I
thought they were going to have a little
bit more of an interesting name but they
have these little plastic straws and I
think they look like pineapples like
massive pineapple tumbler jars and I
really like them and they are glass
see they were three pounds each and then
the last thing in this whole whole whole
hall is this which is a little plastic
drinks cup which you can screw the lid
on to and also has a straw and it says
milk and cookies and I just thought that
was really cute and this was also three
pounds cor blimey I think I did get some
tights and socks but I have no idea
where they've gone
I bet Alfie taking the socks already
he's probably got them on his feet so
that is my Primark haul I really hope
that you guys enjoyed this what a
throwback it has been a while since I
did a Primark haul so if you enjoyed it
make sure to give it a thumbs up it's
too bright now what is going on I do
apologise for the drastic light changes
in this video the dogs the noise the
complete chaos that is this video so
thanks if you're still watching and yeah
I hope you have had a really lovely week
and weekend and I'll see you again very
soon
I'm a smile feel like if I drank alcohol
I would have a stiff drink at this point
