hello everybody today I am going to be
doing a bath and body walks
body walks Bath & Body Works haul I flip
in love Bath & Body Works and I'm so sad
that they don't actually have it here in
the UK and no matter how many times I've
said please Bath & Body Works at least
have one store here in the UK that we
can buy your candles and all the other
amazing bits from alas this has not
happened yet so I had to take matters
into my own hands and find a way to get
them from America to the UK which I have
successfully done and I'm going to show
you what I got
how am I going to pick this box up hello
oh my god so I just randomly went on the
website and noticed that they had all
their autumn or fall as you say in
America they had all those kind of
seasonal candles and as I said in my
previous video when I lit leaves the
candle that I really loved I instantly
was just in the best mood ever and it
reminded me of it being autumn and
lighting lots of amazing candles and
Bath & Body Works just have the best
sense and I just find that they burn
really well so this year I decided to go
all out and try a lot more of their
sense hence why I'm fat hit with a box
big enough for me to curl up in solar
also I have taken them out of their like
individual packaging but I haven't
smelled any of them yet so this is
essentially an unboxing without me
actually unboxing and taking everything
out because I would have taken a really
long time but I haven't smell anything
so I've been very restrained and I
wanted to make sure I was filming this
video in order to show you I'm not like
a candle expert so I don't know all the
right terminology but I'm a candle
enthusiast and I don't well anyway I'm
gonna stop rumbling I'm just going to
get to it hands are numb one leaves okay
I don't really do say anything about
this but this is the new packaging I
actually quite like it I think it's I
think it's nice love love love this
fragrant notes
crisp red apple yes golden nectar don't
know what that smells of and warm
clothes spice this is everything that
autumn smells like to me this is autumn
in a jar I did actually have this this
is autumn again this is like the new
packaging I think it looks really nice
it's not like so different but I also
had a little bit of this leftover this
year and I have been burning this as
well this one has a fragrant notes of
bright red garlic apple juicy fig
eucalyptus leaf and fir balsam this also
if you were just going to get to two
staples these two are I feel like I'll
just be getting these every year this
one's definitely a lot more fresh
whereas this one is a little bit more
spicy caramel pumpkin swirl I get very
excited for all the pumpkin ones there
is a lot of different like food
combinations with pumpkin in the form of
a candle and I'm all about that however
I'm not massively keen on very sweet
sickly sense so there's a very fine line
between me liking it and not liking it
oh my god what does that smell like it's
very sweet very sweet but I actually
kind of like it so this is fresh pumpkin
warm caramel grated cinnamon and vanilla
bean this will smell amazing in your
kitchen I also really like the like
battered copper lids pumpkin spiced
cheesecake I could eat a pumpkin spice
cheesecake right now and I'm very
intrigued to see what a pumpkin spice
cheesecake smells like it smells like
pumpkin spice cheesecake however I feel
like not everyone will like this it has
like a biscuity vibe to it it's
definitely not as sweet as the other one
so this says notes of spiced pumpkin
graham cracker crust which is obviously
what I can smell whipped cream cheese
see I think it's the cream cheese it's
throwing me off because it's a bit like
salary oh I don't know I think this is
definite
one that you have to burn to get the
full potential but it does smell pretty
damn good crisp morning air okay so this
one says fragrant notes of crisp full
breeze I mean is that a note white oak
golden amber wood saffron and soft
sandalwood so this is going to be very
like woody I love that smells like a
man's just got out the shower oh I
wonder if this is like the other one
that I had last year where I said that
exact same thing or is that flannel or
it reminds me of like when my dad used
to get ready for like Christmas Day and
he would put like aftershave all like
round here that's what it smells like
smells like my dad
marshmallow fireside I did get this one
last year really liked it I'm actually
not a huge fan of marshmallow cents but
somehow this works I feel like the color
of the candle is really like throwing me
off because last year it was like a
whitey cream and I think they've put
like a bit of gray into it it's kind of
a gray color which makes a little bit
more Dee oh I've forgotten what the
smart like but it has like it's quite
tobacco a toasted marshmallow smoldering
woods fire roasted vanilla and
crystallized amber this is the most
realistic marshmallows on a fire scent
I've ever smelt because it does actually
smell like fire somehow next up is
buttercream icing I feel like this would
be Anna
Ciccone Joey's dream candle so Anna if
you're watching this you somehow need to
get your hands on this because it smells
really good okay so this has whipped
butter cream rich vanilla and sweet
cream so this isn't essentially very
autumnal but it was within the range I
think so I'm guessing people like
lighting these sorts of candles this
time of year that legit smells like
whipped butter cream
oh my god that is so good I I honestly
thought was gonna hate this I really did
when I first her I was like oh I'm not
sure about that one oh good its spiced
pomegranate cider I have no idea what's
gonna smell like ruby red pomegranate
sweet apple cider muddled blackberry and
star anis oh that smells so good oh my
god this is like a mulled wine that
smells quite Christmassy actually this
is quite a Christmassy this will be a
good one to light in November I feel
like pumpkin pecan waffles this was one
of my favorite ones last year I had it
in like a small one and I never got a
big one so when I saw this this year's
like I'm definitely getting a free wig I
think this is my favorite pumpkin edible
candle so this says maple syrup golden
waffles pumpkin spice and brown sugar
can you just imagine what this smells
like it smells oh my god my kitchen
smell of this most of last year so this
just brings back so many memories I'm
really excited to burn this and I really
like this little this little label I
know what you're thinking you're
thinking Zoey
you are never gonna burn all these
candles before all the Christmas ones
come out well you're probably right but
I'll try warm apple pie so I think this
is a white barn one yeah white barn it's
still on but everybody works Oh
oh my god I have never smell something
that isn't an apple pie that smells so
much like an apple pie
how have they actually done that baked
gray-smith Apple melted brown sugar and
flaky homemade crust I reckon I could
legit burn this in my kitchen and trick
people into thinking I've made an apple
pie every day that is the best thing
I've ever smelled and I don't even
really like apple pie that much not
life marshmallow pumpkin latte I don't
think I've smelt this one before this
one says pumpkin latte toasted
marshmallow creamy sandalwood white
ginger and praline musk or praline is it
proline or praline it's quite fresh like
it smells quite perfumey I can't smell
any pumpkin not gonna lie it smells like
something I know this is quite a fresh
one I quite like this it's not it's
definitely not what I thought it was
going to smell like it doesn't really
smell edible it smells like quite
feminine and floral next up we have
honey crit says golden Honey Crisp apple
blossom and fresh sugarcane holy crap oh
my god you know how every single year
when lush bring out their Christmas
scent
I always say my favorite scent is so
white because it has that fresh green
like apple smell this is that scent it
is exactly the same if you love so white
the bath bomb from lush you will you
will love this and so happy with that I
wasn't even going to get that one either
I was a bit like an apple dinner sweet
cinnamon pumpkin whoa harvest pumpkin
spiced clove vanilla cream and brown
sugar okay all I can really smell is the
clove this is the most festive candle of
all of them I smell and I honestly
thought this was going to be more like
pumpkin II maybe when you burn it it has
more layers but that is very festive
holy crap that's definitely a November
candle cinnamon sugar doughnut again I'm
not sure if this is a a autumn one
however it was part of the autumn range
so crushed cinnamon sugar crystals and
homemade donut
legit smells like a donut this is making
me want donuts this is so unfair
I have no donuts I then bought a car
thingy so it is a glittery pumpkin and
you put it on the visor that is a visor
you know when the Sun is out and you
flip the thing down you can clip it to
that or I think I've already put it on
the passenger side because then it's not
going to be in my way and you can put
sense inside this so your car smells
really good it sense I bought art leaves
because I love it cinnamon caramel swirl
marshmallow pumpkin latte pumpkin apple
Oh pumpkin apple and sweet cinnamon
pumpkin so I am actually going to put
this in my car after this I've wanted to
do it like the last couple of days I was
like no I must film the video first
however I have no idea which one I want
to put in my car first the choices - the
choice is too varied too much I also
bought one for Alfie and I bought one
for mark because he was with me when I
placed the order and I was like you need
to try these put it because he likes to
put smelly things in his car auntie
backs these are just the cutest things
ever so this one is not how Halloween
this one is not autumn but it's the BFF
cookies and milk I just saw that was
really adorable
we've got crisp morning air quite like
the fresh one the hands are gonna feel
so dry after Lit class oh my god that is
amazing marshmallow pumpkin latte this
one's not autumn but I love the smell of
sweet peas so I pick this one up sweet
pea and sunlight and apple trees which I
really hope smells like that Apple
candle I also got
three nourishing hand creams God you can
tell but I don't get to go into bath and
Bodyworks ever I've just gone really
like OTT like no one's ever going to use
this many hand creams I figured that if
I like them I'll keep them if someone
else prefers the Sens and I can give it
to them I so got a marshmallow pumpkin
latte golden autumn day and crisp
morning air I love the packaging for
these they're so cute
then I only got a couple of foaming hand
washes in fact I quite accidentally did
was I bought a pack of all the new ones
and then individually bought ones that I
didn't realize already in the pack so I
seem to have quite a few but what I'm
gonna do is like dish them out because
I'm never going to use this money but
it's fun to show you so we've got
sunlight and apple trees in the foaming
hand wash we also have autumn spice
strawberry which I'm really excited to
smell crisp morning air which is that
very fresh one I just pour my ham golden
autumn day sweet cinnamon pumpkin full
lakeside breeze and marshmallow pumpkin
latte I feel like I might have had this
one last year actually everyone's hands
are gonna smell so great so that is
everything that I ordered from Bath &
Body Works I'm mostly kind of wet candle
heavy but I did also buy a couple of
things clean hand and of course my
little Sparky pumpkin for the car
bitchin
verax let me know if any of those are
your autumn or full staples and which
one is your favorite scent if you've
tried any give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it I've also kind of gone a
little bit o tum know in the background
not much but it's creeping in thank you
so much for watching and I'll see you
again very soon bye
