hello everybody today I am here with one
of my best friends tiny bird we are
going to film at the most likely - so
I've written our names on pieces of
paper that Jim kindly gave us so both
got a ton and we've both got a Zoey so
we have Jim wrote most of these and and
so we have someone her phone I'm going
to read them out we want to backtrack
promptly though Oh read out some most
likely to statements and we simply have
to say which one applies to either of us
the list first one sort of really scary
part and straight off and other
businesses
there's the car destroyed passed and a
man was in the back he looked really
scary and he was pressing side okay it's
a windows do you think exactly occasion
he do you look just anyone be driving
around here in little today which he and
we just saw the place as well didn't see
or maybe that's what the police were
looking for most likely to get fired
from a job three feet one I'm gonna put
me because yeah oh yeah being fired from
a job well you know the only reason they
were actually setting when I worked at
Starbucks that was a hard worker
yeah and I really put my wall into it
but they used to put your dishwasher
duty because I wasn't fast enough to
keep up the pace of making the drinks
and then I would get really bored and be
like please let me have a go at the
drinks that I would slow down there'd be
a massive queue but because I was nice
and friendly they liked having me around
but then people just got no TV
accessories that there was three
different Starbucks in Norwich at the
time and they used to share me on
Saturdays in particular people would
take it in turns to have that trying
owner so on a Saturday because we will
have a little Oh and it just used to
really get to me until the manager said
he was like well if you weren't so
lovely we would have probably got rid of
you so that was a conference my
personality yeah you were just being
wasted in style
yeah and then the other the other job
where I will make a couple more amassing
which I really loved working there but
Jim was working the art department up in
the third floor and I spent most of my
time up there
yeah nice get me naughty girl who is
most likely to lose their dog sorry my
sis Barry I need me just because
Mallory's yeah though uh no media with
the outside world and you have to be so
careful we actually thought with lost
niala earlier because the door was open
and I said to Zoe we were up in the
office getting the tripod and I said
just after half it's after your Nala and
I was like no I think you might think
I've got Darla and we were like oh god
she's probably gone doing it so my god
she goes up my door I'll never see her
again ever
so yeah it was gonna happen it's gonna
be me at least Marvel young man who is
most likely to do something illegal and
come clean straight away son my biggest
fear is prison so if you did something
illegal would you go to police station
and say I've done something right I
would want to go right for it to
actually know if I did something illegal
I wouldn't be able to not have Jen's I
have to tell Jim yeah I'd have to but I
never would steal I've never know
actually I've stolen victim not a whole
bag of picking mix should I say some
camera I'm in this pink and blue fizzy
um 27 the police are on their way you've
done this year yeah we just did a shot
when you decide for the Shockers at all
have one of those who is most likely to
use a Hall Pass if the opportunity came
up that's hard
well the hard thing for me and this is I
reach easy but I don't have a full pass
at the moment
someone we always talk about it yeah
then I married ones who will settle who
to all pass be and I was with my friends
in LA and we were discussing and I can
think of anyone but I think is better
than Jim and I'm gonna say neither of us
need that I genuinely don't like our
boyfriend's beliefs Apple has been a boy
forever exact downstairs just being like
guys wrong with them I would be sure to
ink up my damn ass we love you guys ah
would you like our answer
I told they both of their stories angles
Jim I don't think you would use yours
Alfie I'll fix it I'm saying your end is
most likely to have children first
oh we were just discussing this this
morning yeah we want them at the same
time well we do really do because we
both want a good few years before we
even start trying to get spend away
yeah so we could potentially try at the
same time make them feel crap yeah I
really were okay we might end up having
them first I feel like maybe oh
absolutely
really yeah because I'm so sure you're
the enemies and wife that you're far
more pretty than me yeah and quite
breeding and I'm so adamant I want but
in the reason I give you is because Jim
if you think I'm greedy or my chair is
like no that level so I've yeah he's
going to be doing some like taking away
your contraception and sneaking putting
sugar pills in and said oh yeah I'm
going to do that in that old TV show
footballs wives today and then we go
men most likely to kill their partner I
feel like if it was an accident it would
probably be you by accident but then I
would be so terrified going to prison I
think my way there's a reoccurring theme
in this most like most likely to go to
prison tomorrow don't over I'll have
nightmares works you may be me what's
that I put the questions did you imagine
if it was me like I like plotted some
like crazy death about me that would be
really scary would you still be my
friend I'm taking our depends if you
really like mentally ill awesome then
you wouldn't know a word you were if you
were just evil I know I would have your
friend would you visit me in prison no
I'll come visit you in prison because
almost scared of prisons and OPIC deal
to you but coming I was trying to say
I'll come and visit you when you go cuz
of the suite no I'm not going most
likely to break out into song in public
I feel like we're so similarly on is the
freely arms I first of all for you
because you're really good at singing
you sing a lot no I'm going to say Who
okay I'm gonna say me as well a lot of
the time I don't realize how much I'm
saying yeah like it doesn't it's almost
like when I'm thinking I'm singing it
born and spent are most likely to get
into a fight like what like a physical
fight with another person yeah I've been
learning a little bit of martial arts
recently
I wouldn't actually fight everyone I'm
gonna see you remotely find you one
either
no I'm the only reason I'm going to say
you is your you're much more like you
don't really mind constipation life
someone was annoying you like that bill
next door you as I know you and have no
problem being like you need to shut up
ya know if some we'd wish my freak out
I've run the opposite if someone pushed
me i brough hydras rum we're so similar
like I are going to go high today yeah
if someone hurt me I wouldn't do
anything on I think that how he stepped
it might also be so scared they would
like punch my face I'd never look the
same again
yeah that they've break all your teeth
so let's break your nose most likely to
laugh in a serious situation
yeah I think probably you would be too
worries
yeah I'd be worried fool so Zoe giggles
all the time all day long so yeah
definitely
here is most likely to try their own
breast milk when they have a baby
so let me definitely do you think you
would try yours I think Jim would try
yours I think you look nice yeah if I
had if I was breastfeeding would you try
my breast milk yeah I think you I said
you would
I told you
jimin's that we have this thing where
they just get weird together oh my god
really inappropriate
Ricky like um like I'm like Jim try my
breast but like Alfie and I will just be
like off facing some cookies somewhere
and you and Jim will just be being weird
and like okay me in jail quite simple
person happy in Talmud very yeah so when
we hang out as a group often me is over
a girl time and like the other guy time
if we split off into duo's it's usually
me and Alfie we'll go and do something
Alfie and I quite like and we'll go and
babe we'll go to the shops and that kind
of thing
I'm you live a life and Jim and Zoey
will like sit there and discuss gross
stuff and then show each other grow
stuff and like I turn into a boy and
Alfie toes in silica and Jim turns and
Jim just gets a little bit out all of
his like toilet humor dreams but then
you and I'll forget quite giggy's yeah
sometimes like when you were not come
and drove the car yeah I mean Jimmy like
she thought we were never gonna see
either of you ever again like well what
do you know there Wilson forever I'm so
lost the car yeah exactly
okay with me Zoe Zoe an apparent Jim
this is Murphy would you try my breast
milk
yeah would you try pal he wouldn't try
mine
Oh Ike the gym agreed with me so weird
you know what you would never try my
breast milk I just mean it wouldn't be
long term mine not yours because he'd be
in a situation where you and him were
just doing you're getting weird gross
things yeah and then it would happen it
wouldn't be like I would trick him and
go oh my god tastes amazing almond milk
yeah who is most likely to have better
dancers I'm gonna say you did you see my
snapchat the other day I was doing your
dance move no I wasn't my snapchat was
Alfie's no yes why like to think I look
so much better than that very sweet good
I just loved hard dancing I think it's
one of my favorite versions of you
really yeah cuz you just have the best
dance moves and you make anything into a
dance like for any dance me let you
create your own dance moves a nice skill
yeah I think I'm not good at dancing but
I do have ideas that's why I said me too
yeah who is most likely to appear on
reality TV of God neither of us I'm
gonna say you I wouldn't do that a
million years okay and unless your life
is something like our own or your
kitchen and yeah unless we made up our
own shot of game show I would look I
would love to see you on I'm a celebrity
get me out yeah
I have to see you on Big Brother oh my
god
I wouldn't want I wouldn't want a
difference to go on live and be like oh
it would be imagine they did like a
youtuber version of I'm celebrity get me
out yeah I said that I still wouldn't go
on it though no I would like to watch
your big brother because I think like I
said when her and Jim just sit down and
talk about gross stuff I think those are
interesting which is just sort of
sitting around or if you're a bit bored
which you are soon big brother most
likely to go skinny-dipping
though
I will give you two together before know
what holiday just kill me on my own she
shows me okay yeah I would I would I
feel like you would - I would with you
yeah yeah together we do to it yeah okay
and that is the video I really hope that
you guys liked it make sure to give it
thumbs up if you did and also we have
the videos on Tom's channel what did you
do we did the 5 minute makeup challenge
and we got Pitt impressive makeup lips
it was really funny it was grand tense
and great so make sure let's check out
and subscribe to Tom whilst you it's
very much our we love you very much
I love you bye Tim where you going there
for me to have fun don't you know is can
you hug her come on Jim ah you're both
gross oh no I love you both not anymore
Tamara - but uh yeah I think we're
really great with crafts
it'll be a great home can you watch like
I think we're agreeing on much before
you actually kiss self you sound like a
funky me wet like this thing this is we
can do with your hand either you have to
have it done yet
okay we're na tricks really hard drinks
until the opinion this trip
we just wait for some builders not to
come and be in the Midianite collab
today is the come on baby
and uh with me corporation tanks of come
to stay and I was like no yeah and we
haven't films Regis open to say so thank
you just burst thank you - thank you
goodbye thank you and good night
oh my god so that is everything that we
have time for today otherwise we could
be citing for a really long time so
thank you very much I don't retain us
weird like everything that we have time
for today
otherwise we're going to be here for a
really long time I have fun yeah I feel
like you don't want to say we'll be hip
real and you are allowed to just go in
the Worland okay no I don't want to
excuse the reason why you're ending it
we're here now kids really don't have a
drink why don't you get out this window
when you're already a thumbnail mode
like so profesh
my job keeps okay no you thought yeah
let's go let's get up and let's get out
all kiss my ass wanna poke
