hello everybody today I'm here doing
something that I love doing that you all
request quite a fair bit which I haven't
done for a while and that is a Q&A I've
got some of your questions from Twitter
and I'm going to answer them do you
remember the first youtuber you watched
I used to watch two youtubers all the
time so the first one was panacea 81
which was Lauren Luke and the second one
was oh my goodness
so it was Leisha who is X spark egde I
used to watch her all the time to be
honest she is kind of who inspired me to
take the plunge and do YouTube because I
loved her videos so much have you ever
had a disastrous interview I have done a
fair amount of interviews over the past
couple of years and there was one which
I feel like I've mentioned briefly
somewhere but the woman came to my house
and she was just asking me all these
questions that had absolutely nothing to
do with what she was there for since
then I've learnt never to do interviews
in your own home if any of you out there
are watching and so almost interview you
go yeah sure let's go somewhere don't
let them come into your house she was
really nosy she insisted on seeing us
like my wardrobe and I was like no it's
not really that tidy and she asked me
how I felt about the fact that Miley
Cyrus's wit was really scantily clad and
how I thought it was appropriate that
she was a role model for young girls and
I was like this has nothing to do with
the interview she then proceeded to say
when did you lose your virginity I mean
how old were you then and I was just
like obviously I did not answer that
question but it was really awkward and I
have had a fair amount of very awkward
interviews where the interviewer just
persists on trying to push you for the
best headline they can get however some
are actually really lovely it's right
mixed bag what makes someone a good
friend I love this question
because I have so many friends who are
all very very special to me so I think
the qualities that are most important to
me are someone who is caring caring is
like the biggest thing trustworthy a bit
weird I'm a bit weird and I feel like if
there's someone who I can truly be
myself with because they're caring
they're trustworthy and they can kind of
mess around with me as well that's like
the best thing ever I think those are my
top three caring trustworthy a bit weird
or able to get on my level of weird what
is the craziest fan experience that
you've ever had year two of the Radio 1
teen awards me and how if you were
leaving out the back and I think there
was a woman who said your car's just out
there and we were like okay and she sort
of kind of waved us off bye see you
later
she essentially released us into a mob
of viewers I couldn't see the car I was
like okay right the doors closed behind
us yeah see you later on your own now
thanks for coming there was screaming
running shouting I've got pushed up
against I didn't even see the car but I
got pushed up against the car and I
really hurt my back and there was people
pressed up against me against the car
and I could hear them shouting look
because Bay was stuck too because people
were pushing from behind them and they
were going stop it give them space and
everyone was screaming but they could
have moved because the people behind
them pushing them I was just like Alfie
like I'd lost Alfie and I was like oh
I'm really sorry guys I'm really so I'm
going to polite at this point I should
have been literally just gone girl away
my back was being pressed against a
corner of the car I think it was the
boot at this point there's still no one
like helping us so then I think I I
think I would like that in the end
because I couldn't like cope it was all
it was all and it all happened very
quickly and then the next thing I know I
was actually in the back of the taxi but
I think that was probably the craziest
fan experience because
it all happened so quickly but but also
in slow motion it was the weirdest thing
and I just remembered it actually hurt
my back yeah besides that I think when
Alfie did his book signing in
Waterstones and there was like eight
thousand people outside and I just burst
into tears I actually think I have a
vlog of that is it in my vlog whereas in
Alfie Spock I don't remember but I was
just very overwhelmed it's a crazy crazy
situation to be in
and I was just like oh my god like
people banging on I mean overwhelmed in
like a happy way because I was safe in
the car um but it was just crazy how is
finalizing book three going on are you
enjoying it I had so much fun on
Saturday or was it Sunday I can't
remember I handed in the first draft
manuscript so it's all happening now I
still need to do my dedications and
acknowledgement but besides that the
bulk is done and I'm so happy it was so
emotional finishing the last line of the
book in fact I almost cried
I just really hope come November you
guys love where I've taken it that's all
I'm going to say can you remember the
first time you got your period yes I can
I was 14 years old I had a French lesson
it was tutor time which is kind of when
they take the register and make sure
he's still there I think it's about 20
minutes before your last lesson and I
was sat on this we had like high stool
chairs and I remember thinking ah don't
remember having a sweaty bum today you
know those horrible black tight trousers
that girls used to wear in secondary
school I don't know if you still wear
them now but we used to wear them the
ones that when you walk in a puddle they
like flared out so big and I just
remember think it's not a particularly
stuffy day so I don't know why I've know
it's sweaty
is that too much information is that TMI
it alone so the chairs are gray like a
light gray and I remember sitting on a
corner for a bit I don't know why I
think it's because they were just about
high enough that you could have your
feet on the ground so you people would
just perch on the corners of them and
then I moved away and I looked at the
stool and I was like that looks a bit
like a tiny patch of blood but I don't
think it is maybe that was there before
or maybe someone's drawn on it because
my tutor was a DT teacher so there was a
lot of pencils pens and it was the
tiniest little mark and I was like no I
don't think it was and then we went to
French and I remember walking to French
and saying to my friend is this if I sat
in something is there something on my
trousers and she looked but we had dark
navy trousers which I feel like is the
worst color if you've come on your
period because how would you ever know
and she sort of did the like walk behind
me and had a little look I actually
still do that now and the 26 year old
sometimes if I have a little panic I'm
like I'm gonna walk ahead and you walk
behind me especially if you're in a
white dress you get paranoid you get
period paranoia and she was kind of like
no no no nothing there I was like okay
it's just a bit weird but what no point
did I think goes the toilet and check I
just felt like something's wrong got
into my French lesson and we were sat on
like her wooden bench and I remember
being sat there for the majority lesson
i scooted along I looked on the bench
and I was like is that whit staining or
is that blood staining I just don't know
I got so confused I was like you know
what screw it I'm going to the flippin
toilet so I went to loo and I had
nothing on me I was one of these people
that was really excited to start my
period I couldn't wait however I didn't
have anything in my school bag just in
case because I just didn't think it
would happen at school I don't know why
so I came out the toilet bearing in mind
I think there was like 10 minutes of the
lesson left and I think I just stuffed
tissue in my pants I just hoped for the
best and I remember being on the school
bus on the way home with my jumper
wrapped around my waist so I sat on my
jumper because I didn't
anyone to see just thinking oh my god
it's happened there's no going back like
I'm going to have periods now for years
and years and years and I'm gonna have
to go shopping when I get back I was
really really excited actually will you
ever write an autobiography I've had a
lot of people ask me this and I just
feel like my life isn't interesting
enough yet not that I feel like it will
get more interesting but I don't know um
I feel like it might be something that I
do on like my 30th birthday or in my 30s
I feel like I don't really know if
anyone would read that it's my life
really that interesting I don't know
maybe in like five years if anyone's
still interested by that point there are
definitely a lot of things that I wish I
could say now but I wouldn't be able to
because I really get in trouble or cause
drama
however in like five six years if I
wrote an autobiography I could really
tell it how it is now I think and it
there's certainly a lot of stories I
would love to tell let's just put it
that way I've already sold you
pre-orders go up on Friday I'm joking
how was meeting one direction they're my
fav and I need all the deets I realized
I never talked about meeting one
direction because they all followed but
not all of them but a couple of them
followed me on Twitter afterwards so I
felt like I had to play it cool and not
really talk about it
story time I said in my last video it
was one of the most nerve-wracking days
I felt like I looked crap and trust me
there's anyone you want to look your
best for it's Harry Styles yeah I'm not
gonna lie really fancy to him the only
thing I was really worried about was
that they would think I was really
nervous and rubbish at interviewing them
I have no interviewing experience so
there was a possibility of that I
interviewed them Harry and Niall and
Zayn Liam and Louie so I had to do Harry
and Niall first so I walked in
that massive bouncer like walked me in
and Harry took off his mic
he was like sat opening his own room he
took off his mic he came running over he
introduced himself to me and to Don my
manager who he called Don I think which
was quite funny and then Don was like oh
no no Dom and he was like ah sorry Dom
how's that hones oh he gave me a big hug
and he was so lovely he kind of just
hovered around us by the door I think
maybe he wanted a break from sitting in
the chair and he took me over to this
fridge that was like full of drinks and
sweets and he was actually drink and I
was like Mike thank you and he said what
about a chocolate bar is that come on
you need to pick a chocolate bar which
chocolate bar do you want and I was like
I have a dime so he gave me a dime bar
out of his fridge and I was like thank
you and I was like okay I'm a turd
interview and I have a dime bar so I
think I gave the dime Barton Dom and
then someone was like Harry you need to
come and sit down so he was like okay
when I sit down did the interview he was
so lovely as was Niall they were both
really chatty and really sweet and he
was like you did really well he fired me
on Twitter afterwards I would love to
know why he followed me because I'll
never know because I didn't ask him to
follow me and I didn't give him my
Twitter handle so he somehow found it or
asked someone I don't know I would love
to know the answer that Harry if you're
watching why did you follow me on
Twitter and then I did the other three
boys who were also all very lovely but
there was just something about Harry and
I'm not just saying this because I feel
like he's always been one of my favorite
members of one direction but he was just
like a ball of like happiness and he
went like above and beyond to make me
feel okay in that situation and I after
you'd followed me I did send him a DM
and I said it not expecting him to ever
see it and I said thank you so much for
being so lovely
and making me feel more relaxed because
I was so scared I don't remember I said
I wish I still had it maybe I do how
would I find it
okay he said thank you very much I hope
you had fun and did a great job
don't worry dot hope you're well Harry
kiss kiss and I was like I think it was
just really nice because they are just
like normal human beings
considering how bored he probably was he
was so lovely that is meeting one
direction if being a youtuber sometimes
hard yes I'm not going to scoot around
it yes sometimes it is hard which I
think for anyone in any career they've
chosen to go into they will have their
hard moments and just because being a
youtuber may seem really easy to some
people because it's not something that
they're working within or doing and I
just think like with everything you're
going to have you're down days and
you're going to have you're up days but
the difference is everyone else is going
to know about them and I think that's
the hard bit definitely besides that I
love what I do so is it ever really hard
or is it hard but I still enjoy it it's
a very gray area because it's a hobby
and I love it but it's my job and I earn
a living from it and you know it's a big
responsibility it's a job that wasn't a
job a while ago so we're all learning
and with the good days come the bad days
and it's the same in any career in any
job really
so flash is my answer to that I feel
like as always I've rambled on for far
too long
so I'm really sorry if this video is a
little bit longer than normal but I did
put two kind of epic story times in
there for you so I hope you enjoyed
those thank you so much for watching and
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and if you want more kind of
chatty Q&A storytime type videos and I
will see you again very soon bye
