hello everybody today I'm going to be
doing something that could potentially
leave me hugely embarrassed but because
I'm just nice like that I'm going to do
it for your entertainment I have
multiple boxes around me that you can't
actually see right now full of all of my
past memories it's basically my memory
boxes and I have a lot of them because
I'm a very sentimental mushy person I
like to keep everything that has some
significance to my life at that moment
so even though half of this has no
significance to my life anymore
I'm really glad I've kept it OEE
ex-boyfriend letters I keep everything
so Alfie if you're watching this and you
screw me over
I've got your two cards that you've sent
me in the last four years to keep
forever I'm joking I'm not really yeah
that she only really ever given me like
too sentimental cards past boyfriends
have gone to town so even though I don't
read these things back and go oh my
heart I can't believe that this ended
this way and these words he spoke to me
in 2007 never happened I still love to
keep these things because they were of
huge significance at the time and I know
how those things made me feel at the
time and that is what is important
however if you are an ex-boyfriend
watching this video don't panic I'm not
going to read out your love letters well
I might not so I'm just going to get
stuck in I haven't looked through this
in a really long time I don't know
what's here I don't know what I could be
sharing with you but I think this is
going to be really fun do any of you
remember when I interviewed one
direction in 2013 I have to say right
now that was one of the most terrifying
days I've ever had I crapped my pants
not actually I mean I know the idea of
you crapping my pants is pretty
disgusting nala but you don't need to
bark at me and actually crap my pants
but I was so no
I've got like all my cue cards I tried
to learn the question so that I wasn't
looking down too much but I also didn't
want to like stare into their soul that
was Rena wrecking day when I was in
Harry Potter after we finished filming
we received these which is a signed
photograph by the one and only Daniel
Radcliffe I remember when I received
this this was like pure gold in my
bedroom I had this up on my door I
showed everyone that came round I was
like he signed it he actually signed
this it's a print it's not actually
signed it's his signature but he didn't
actually sign it thanks Daniel oh my god
here's a note I've kept from obviously a
lesson that me and my friends were in we
used to write each other note all lesson
oh god I'm like writing about a
boyfriend ahead at the time I'm gonna
call him Jerry I love Jerry
ah and so-and-so loves
so-and-so and I love so-and-so sad face
I put why a sad face that is da does
Jerry ever talk about me to you how
comforting I spent 10 quid on him in two
days and last night my dad said how much
cred you got and I said well squid and
he goes oh my god thinking that was
nothing when really I had six P long oh
my god the credit Dave what a squid meme
oh five quid not a squid I really really
really like Jerry loads and loads I just
don't know if he feels the same sad face
he could just be saying all that sweet
stuff to all the girls he knows and they
might all feel the same as me I really
don't know just get the feeling huh oh
my god why did I write like this get da
feeling why am I writing like this oh
dear
Oh Lal I suppose and he does keep
telling me that he fancies me and that
he wants to live with me and stuff and
he did say there's only one girl for me
at all I feel better now oh look
an annual report from when I was in
reception reception I must have been
four or five Zoey is a quiet but happy
member of the class she is always
willing to help and is caring towards
the other children so he works hard and
has produced some good work this term so
he likes playing with her dolls and
swimming this is a birthday card from my
mum and dad and it says to the most
beautiful daughter in the world have a
great 12th birthday which she did right
11 and corrected it to 12 so clearly
she'd forgotten how old I was going to
be with all our love mummy and daddy PS
you look great in a brace mobile phone
to follow so I got my first mobile when
I was 12 and I got my braces when I was
what a great year my god okay this is my
end of school yearbook so this was 2006
which is when I was 16 wow I could
really embarrass a lot of people right
now odd Oh God
this is my picture there I am 16 years
old loving life hey check this out
though yearbook Awards year 11 yearbook
awards 2006 this was voted for by the
Year best looking female Zoe star what
an achievement of all the things I've
won over the years I'm joking when I saw
this I was like ah okay that's slightly
embarrassing I want to curl up in a ball
and die nice of them to nominate me no
thanks guys here we go
here's someone that's written zoella my
squidge so people were calling me zoella
whilst I was in school I think around
the age of 15 16 I don't know how it
came about everyone always asked me how
did so Ella come about I don't know but
all I know is people called me in school
so it's been there a while oh this is a
picture of me that my cousin drew for me
when he was little
there I am oh look this is a really old
Christmas list so I put my name and my
address and I put dear Santa please may
I have a tandem posture and a baby born
doll never
to get that baby born do I ask for it
every year until it was about ten and a
TV teddy and a mobile phone how old was
I asking for a mobile phone a Barbie
treasure plank Val and the last one a
puppy that comes back when you say
that's me and Joe's bunk beds a card
here which one of my friends did for me
and six warm
would you believe doesn't look like
someone who was 17 did this but they did
and it says happy birthday fellow p-head
just to show you that even in school I
was being called a pea head by my
friends one of my boyfriend's made me a
card out of a picture of a Polly Pocket
on a piece of like chopped tomatoes
thing this is what it says in it happy
birthday I'm sorry everything is crap
I'll make up to you the sentiment of
this is too much kind of sums up the
kind of guy he was
what's really surprising is the one that
made the most effort besides Alfie
obviously and who who I have the most
cards here from I actually still still
speak to and he's a really nice guy
and I think that's really nice although
he would die of embarrassment if I read
any of these out so I'm not gonna do
that this is my old art book so I was oh
s8 so I was 12
here's my drawing of a beanie baby and a
box of matchmakers oh my gosh love those
this is my sunset picture yeah for a
piece of art I use an actual digestive
biscuit and stuck it on with glue I use
the chocolate biscuit to do a collage of
a chocolate digestive it does look quite
messy and it takes ages to dry I won't
use this in the test you can't get
different shades or tones and it looks
quite gross it does look quite effective
but I don't like it very much
twelve years on I'm thinking that
probably wasn't the best idea this is
the most secret thing I own it is full
of basically everything I ever thought
about anyone from the ages of 10 to the
age of 20 I used to have this double
padlocks when I lived with people now
only with Alfie
have anything about him in here so I
really wouldn't care if you read this it
doesn't have a padlock on it anymore
Here I am with my guinea pigs at the
time it came with a rollerball of
glitter who remembers rollerball the
glitter so good this is like my version
of a burn book what a little bitch I am
actually you know what it's not all bad
it's some really good stuff in there as
well awesome is my best mate she is
perfect at being a maid blossom is never
horrible and it's never annoying we go
shopping together and we giggle all the
time she's called giggle one and I'm
giggle two in brackets cool or what oh
my god this is so funny in EastEnders I
really fancy Jamie in brackets Jack
Ryder and I think he's gorgeous and so
hunky I also think that Ashley cotton is
quite sweet
he's got lush eyes as long eyelashes and
he's got dot well he's just cute I used
to think that Martin was all right too
but now I'm not so sure Ashley is not
like his dad every time Ashley's on
telly I get this crush in my stomach and
when he cries I feel really sorry for
him I love him even more then the same
for Jack Ryder - he's fat okay so then I
decided to create my own language oh my
god okay so bear in mind I am 11 okay
I'm still in primary school we had this
friend so there's like this friendship
group and we had this one friend who
none of us really liked that much I
don't know why we were kids and we've
put here we hate Lily we have broken up
with her for good she is so horrible
Tina is gonna send her a text to say
that she's a cow and a slimeball she is
such a liar
so she spreads rumors and then I put in
massive letters ah then I've drawn
a picture of her and I've put in a
speech bubble I'm a oh my god was
either Regina George of my primary
school No
do you know what I would never mean to
anyone's face I just wrote it in here
which is probably worse to be fair
Oh today in the library me and my
friends were looking through the shot
magazine it says something about best
features so I said to Sarah what's my
best feature
and then everyone was saying what my
best feature was then Jamie says I think
your best feature is your eyes and then
the whole of the group when Oh
and today we in brackets the boys and
the girls from the tude group went down
to the field and they were playing truth
or dare people had to hug and kiss
others ooh I actually remember like this
happening and feeling so like excited
and nervous at the same time
Chloe was going to get someone to ask
someone out for her for a joke so Sarah
went over to him and said will you go
out with Chloe he said no and they kept
on asking him and then my other friend
being really annoying said we go out
with Zoey and he said maybe I could have
killed her so I hope he doesn't think
I'm serious while I'm on the subject of
Charlie I think he likes to flirt with
me in art because he talks to me all the
time and when he left the table on
Thursday when he finished his mark he
said to me see you later and I thought
okay I have some well big news but I
have to get ready for school right now
so I'll tell you when I get back ciao
for now y'all right well I'm 16 now whoo
I should really be putting pictures in
this book I will do soon anyway it was
my birthday last Tuesday 20th of March
and now I'm 16 ah I honestly just I'm
dying a little bit inside because these
are things I've said I couldn't imagine
my life without him and I know that this
is cheesy as hell I don't care I've been
with him for almost 11 months and I
couldn't be any any happier
he makes me someone all of a sudden very
hot in here it's so weird to read this
back because like I've written in it and
then I've gone back and like any little
thoughts that I had the years before
I've gone back and gone yes this was
completely true such as such turned out
to be doing such and such and oh my god
it's just the drama I'm not going out
with insert boy's name anymore stuff
just got odd and I just didn't feel like
I liked him anymore although we were
together for about a year and a half
overall I'd like to say we're still
friends but clearly we're not because he
turned into a prick and is being really
weird huh oh my god how sad is this in
the last entry I ever put in this diary
was when I was 18 so not 2018
oh this is so sad open maybe he isn't
bothered and if he's not then is he
worth hanging on to I don't really know
what to think about at the moment
but I do know I'm probably not worth
keeping
never have been I thought it would be
different with insert names but I don't
feel like he really admires me anymore
sadface hey ho that's the last bit of my
diary so it starts on I'm 10 and it ends
at of 18
there's a massive chunk of my life
missing from this but I feel like it's
quite funny that when I stopped writing
in this I started a blog not that my
blog was ever really as personal as best
but yeah that's kind of weird oh my god
this is from the back of my school
planner did anybody else stick these on
their planners you used to go on a
website and like download them and stick
their like I love these things oh I got
a picture of Alfie in here onion Jim's
wedding in by I just keep everything a
friend came around today and then I
babysat until midnight even though I
felt very ill I got 15 pounds
oh look okay so this is a picture I put
in here awards night orthodontist
appointment I have my braces off yay so
this was Thursday the 15th of January
2004 I have my braces off now I look
like this yay straight teeth I also won
an award for history yay
this is me and my cousin look what my
hair used to be like but this is
hilarious this is a picture of me as a
baby eating a banana
my mum trying to teach me to walk this
is me looking very unimpressed in the
bar this is me wearing a somewhat
questionable outfit with my Miss Piggy
no this is me when I was a baby with a
little toy phone I felt like everyone
had that phone here's me like laughing
at something I actually love this
picture I think my mum took this I don't
know what I'm doing but I am laughing at
something it's really cute here's one of
me slightly older with the thickest
eyebrows you ever did see look at those
brows okay I feel like that is
everything that I could possibly go
through in this video Nyla's dropped off
so you're still watching this then
Thanks if you like this video and you
want me to do another one because I do
have a lot of different things that I
can go through then give the video a
thumbs up and I will be sure to do that
it would be quite funny to sit and go
through some of this stuff with Jo or
maybe Alfie I don't know leave your
suggestions below and I really hope you
have had a lovely weekend and that you
will have an awesome week bye
