this video is all about you got your
back to the audience that's not helpful
hello everybody today I am going to be
making a video all about getting a puppy
which is something that I know a little
bit about considering I have one of my
own even though she's almost 2 I wanted
to make this video when I felt as though
I could impart a little bit of wisdom
and although I don't want you to take
everything I say as fact as I am NOT a
dog expert and I feel like with animals
and pets and things it is quite a lot of
a personal opinion but I wanted to shed
light on some of the things I've learned
in order to help any of you who are
trying to make an informed decision on
getting a puppy
or any of you who have just got a puppy
and are going oh my goodness help me
what have I done so I asked you on
Twitter if you had any questions that
you'd like me to kind of talk through or
address in the video so I've got big old
list of things to go through
what did you consider before having a
puppy the things that you need to
consider before having a puppy are
whether you want to adopt or buy from
AKC registered breeder I know that lots
of people have different opinions on
this I think both are great options I
think it completely depends on what it
is that you want we wanted a puppy so we
look for AKC registered breeder you have
to make sure you're getting from
somebody who knows what they're doing
that is very important it's also very
important to look really hard don't just
go for the first puppy that you find
don't just go for the first breeder you
need to do a lot of research if you are
going down that route or you can adopt
again you need to do a lot of research
you need to make sure the dog that you
want to adopt is right for you etc etc
even though we didn't adopt this time
it's definitely something that I want to
do in the future at some point when the
time comes that we decide we want any
more animals but again it's a personal
opinion and before deciding which route
you want to go down you have to do a lot
of research you also have to consider
space and where you live if you're
living in a tiny flat is getting a
Labrador the best thing for you or for
the dog No so you want to make sure you
have the right space and the right
living environment for a dog have you
got a big garden have you got small
garden things like that time time is
really important because if you are in a
full-time job from 8 a.m. until 8 p.m.
is having a dog really fair unless of
course you can arrange for care for your
dog throughout the day no let's just
seen a butterfly I'm not sure if she's
seen one of those before
oh do you have the money for a dog money
is also a big factor another question
that I got asked was does having a dog
cost a lot of money and the answer is
yes of course because a dog is
essentially a very large part of your
family and they require things all the
time they require food they require toys
they require beds they require blankets
they require shampoos toothpaste
toothbrushes poo bags the list is
endless and of course depending on how
much you want to treat your dog and how
much you want to spend on your dog it
also depends largely on which dog you go
for if you get a Great Dane you are
going to spend a lot of money on food
because that dog needs to eat a lot more
than a chihuahua let's say if you have a
pug who are known to have certain health
issues the insurance is going to be more
when you insure your dog so there's all
these different factors which when you
look at different breeds you can kind of
take into consideration where you can
when it comes to how much money you
might have to spend but yes getting your
dog is costly okay so the next thing
that you need to consider is which breed
this for me was the most important part
of getting a puppy
because all puppies are cute and all
puppies are adorable
but you have to make sure that you are
going for a breed that is right for you
and your partner and all those other
things that I've just told you about
to take into consideration so money your
house your garden all these things are
quite dependent on what we do you want
to go for there are so many amazing
places you can research different breeds
we spoke to friends who had different
breeds
you could go to crafts which i think is
a great place to go because there are so
many different types of dog you can ask
vets you can ask dog behaviorist so you
can go to puppy classes you can ask your
friends and your family and you can also
do a lot of research online
another huge factor to consider before
getting a dog is is it good timing you
know have you reached a point in your
career where you're happy are you and
you'll have you and your partner being
together for a substantial amount of
time um you know are you happy together
can you see a dog fitting into your
lifestyle you know how busy are you do
you have children already are you
thinking of having children a year you
have to think about your life and
whether or not it's the it's a good time
to bring another member of the family in
essentially that again is a really
really important one what made you
select a pug for us after doing our
research a pug seemed like the perfect
breed to fit in with our lifestyle there
are quite a lot of other breeds but we
liked that pugs have such character but
we're also so loving and needed and you
know their main aim is to please you and
essentially they're a lap dog you know
they don't need too much mental
stimulation they don't need too much
exercise and because of the lifestyle
that Alfie and I have we wanted to make
sure we didn't have a dog that required
three hours of walking a day just in
case we couldn't give it that you know
we didn't want to have a dog that we
couldn't give it the best that it could
have that's not to say that at some
point in the future we could get a husky
or something that requires a bit more
walking but right now we wanted a dog
that would fit easily into our lifestyle
and
hugg seemed perfect neither is so
friendly so funny in character they have
like their crazy moments and then they
have their like sleeping all day moments
they're small they don't shed too much
hair um she doesn't smell she doesn't
draw there were a lot of different
things that um we're kind of plus sides
for me so what happens when you actually
have your puppy
we brought Nala home one chilly but very
sunny November morning and I don't think
I quite knew at that point how much a
puppy would change my life in two hours
time our life is going to change forever
Ishi is another
I was so excited and he had everything
ready we'd gone out we bought her crate
which we decided to do crate training
which I think personally worked wonders
for Nala she really took to that very
well we bought her bed we got her the
puppy pads we basically spent a small
fortune and pets at home and we felt
like we had everything ready for her
when we got here it was almost like it
didn't really sink in for a good month
it was a real life adjustment things
that I found to be essential when having
a puppy was a small collection of toys
puppies and dogs do get bored of toys
quite quickly depending on how many they
have now has a lot of toys and she'll
definitely only really play with certain
ones but it is important to keep
changing toys up so that you keep them
mentally quite stimulated a small dog
bed you don't want anything to feel too
big and drowning you can grow a dog bed
with a dog so we kept like we had a
really small round one to start with and
she used to curl up in it and it was
just the cutest thing ever other
essentials this this is the simple
solution platinum urine blaster uh
toilet training Nala was really hard I
feel like she only really got it down a
year old if a dog pees on the floor on
the rug whether if you leave it or you
just kind of like mop it up with a bit
of tissue the smell stays and the dog
will forever think that is where it
should pee so you need to do everything
you can to remove the smell of pee from
anywhere they've been and this and
multiple others were an absolute
lifesaver I feel like I could do a whole
video on like puppy essential so I'm
just gonna leave it
- those bits for now vet visits and
puppy classes this is something that I
didn't really know a lot about obviously
I knew we would have a vet I did not
know the vet offered a puppy sessions so
you can take your dog I think it was
every three months then it became every
six months for checkups which I think is
really important we got Nala
microchipped straight away because it's
just the safest thing and I like to
think that if she ever got lost or if
someone stole her we can track her down
and it's also just the best source of
information how much should you be
feeding your dog how much weight should
your dog put on from being a puppy to an
adult what's the best thing for your dog
to eat what's the best diet what's the
best thing they can have for their coat
how often should you brush their teeth
how often you know vets are the best
people to go to for all this information
and I learned so much from the regular
vet visits so I would highly recommend
looking into whether or not your vet has
a puppy program and signing up to it it
really wasn't that expensive and I found
it so useful puppy classes I recommend
puppy classes to everyone I know who has
got a puppy or is who is getting a puppy
we learn how to train a dog basic tricks
your dog should know when it's best to
train your dog you know how old they
should be what is bad behavior and what
is good behavior how is it best to react
to bad behavior we did a lot of positive
reinforcement every time she went to the
toilet outside we cheered and hooted
like we'd won the lottery the dog poo
lottery dogs and pugs I found are very
food focused so we were treating left
right and center whilst also being very
careful not to over treat her because
pugs can put weight on very very easily
which is something that I learned at the
vets so there you go when you first got
Nala did you feel overwhelmed how did
you deal with it as I touched on a
little bit before yes it was very
overwhelming I felt like someone had
handed me a toddler with no nappy
because she was running around and she
was putting things in her mouth and she
was you know peeing on the floor pooing
on the floor like she wouldn't leave our
side it was like we couldn't take our
eyes off her for at least three weeks
and it kind of put everything else to a
stop and it was like whoa how I did not
expect it to be like this once she kind
of settled more into life and she could
do things like tackle the stairs and we
knew she could do the step and she
started going outside and when things
became a bit more structured and we kind
of found the balance it became a lot
easier but yes it's hard work and it was
quite overwhelming but I honestly would
not change it for the world and I would
do it again a hundred percent what has
been the hardest thing to train Nala to
do the hardest thing to train Allah to
do was toileting outside that honestly
just felt like a hurdle we were never
gonna jump over and walking well on a
lead those are her two things that I
mean she's got the toileting down now
but what's gonna lead she's still it
depends if she's having an excited day
she's useless
if she is just desperate to sniff
everything find a dog I mean I would if
I accidentally drop the lead she would
be gone and that like terrifies me
someone said what is your biggest fear
with Nala her running off has she done
any damage to your house the one thing
that she has done which was very strange
Anna and she hasn't ever done it since
but when she was about six months old
she started Naurang on the corner of our
wall and I don't know whether it's
because it was cold or she liked the
plaster but we now have little teeth
marks on one corner rubble when you can
see the mess
all of the structure of our house where
she used to just chew it down and it was
for like a week and then after actually
stopped it was the weirdest thing
best training treats okay so tiny little
bits of cooked chicken work wonders
obviously making sure that you if you're
using a lot of cooked chicken you have
to take out some of the kind of food
that you would be feeding at like
mealtimes because otherwise that's like
food overload venison and liver just
these tiny little things we use those
for treats where she was smaller and you
can also get tiny little chicken squares
I don't know the brand name but we've
given her those basically something
small but delicious which i think is why
chicken is just the best thing what
tricks does Nala know okay so obviously
she can do sit she can do down which
took a really long time to do she can do
high-five she can do hor
I once watched a video online where
someone trained their dog to ring a bell
for a treat and I was like I'm gonna do
that I am for sure going to train my dog
to ring a bell for a tree which is
completely unnecessary definitely isn't
needed for everyday life doesn't make my
life easier but it's something fun and I
wanted to give myself a challenge so she
can ring a bell for a tree which I quite
like ring yeah yeah we've also recently
taught her to wait for her food I wanted
to teach her a word wait because um for
things like being near a road or not
running through a door or um you know
when she gets a bit excited I want I
wanted her to wait for things any tips
for bath time okay so things I've
learned if you're going to use an actual
bath
which i think is probably better for
larger dogs you want to use a non-slip
bath mat definitely makes it easier Anna
a showerhead attachment I actually found
that Nala was a bit more scared in the
bath I think because the bath is quite
big she's sort of used to kind of freeze
up so we actually use the kitchen sink
now because it's quite an industrial
sink it's like metal it has one of those
like Hosey attachments and you know it
regularly gets cleaned so we decided to
do it in that instead because it was
smaller and she much much professor how
do you get your dog to stop putting on a
lead is a harness better a hundred
percent get a harness for your dog they
are much more comfortable for your dog
to wear personally I think not like nah
I can actually tell me but um I just
found to be a lot more effective so when
she was smaller she had this one another
one which is really good for if your dog
is pulling badly is this which is a
rough wear so you can stop them from
pulling on the front and on the top this
is the best thing for if you have a
really Tuggy dog her kind of more
everyday harness at the moment is this
one which this just goes over her head
and this bit goes up either side and you
can select how tight or how loose you
want it which i think is really good and
you have that little bit of space before
the lead and I just found that this
stopped her pulling as much too so and I
think I've got this one and pets at home
you can get this one online and this one
was from Arthur what shampoo do you use
on Nala at the moment I'm Curie using
this one which is scruffy chops and it's
rhubarb King Mad natural mineral shampoo
for dogs are the yummy whiff of rhubarb
and custard it smells so good what is
knowledge favourite toy I would say at
the moment she is loving this llama we
got her this for Christmas I feel like
he may have had a Christmas hat the
Christmas hat is gone piggy this was the
original piggy um that doesn't actually
make a proper noise anymore so I went
online in a massive search to find the
same pig and I managed to find one
although he is a different shade of pink
and I still think Nala knows the
difference between original piggy and
new piggy but she still loves these pigs
and I don't know what it is this was her
first toy this is what we call Mingo
which is the Flamingo oh and this was
her first toy that we ever got her and
although she doesn't really play with it
as much because I'm assuming she just
got really bored of it every now and
then I do see her with this so I think
she does secretly love it a type of toy
that Nala is obsessed with is flat
crunch choice so this is mr. elf that
she got the Christmas and this one has
had its fair share of love it's got
little squeakers no the squeakers a dead
she also has this Hedgehog which she as
well don't you
lastly what is the most rewarding thing
about having a dog it's just the best
thing ever although you have to really
carefully consider getting a dog or
getting a puppy
it's honestly like I don't know what I
would do now if I didn't have knowledge
I don't really know what my life would
be like it's like she's the missing
puzzle piece that I never knew is
missing and she's just become such a
massive and important part of like our
house life our family life and my life
really she has all these little
characteristics that just make her the
best dog ever
and I honestly love her so so much and I
would never change her it's just the
best thing ever when you're just the
best doggie and you let me pick you up
and we have cuddle
and you know even though your breaths
bad sometimes I can look past that thank
you thanks for the kiss
she is definitely one hell of a girl
aren't you and I feel like that's
everything I have time for today I feel
like I could sit and answer your
questions about dogs and puppies for as
long as I could until we let you run out
of questions but if you ever want me to
do another video like this or if you
have any more questions feel free to
tweet me or to leave them in the
comments give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you again
very very soon bye
