hello everybody today I can be doing my
top drugstore picks I think I've done
one of these before but it was years ago
and so many of you have been asking me
to do an updated one even people I'm
meeting in the street are actually
asking me to update this so I thought it
was about time I did that for you it
actually took me a really long time to
whittle it down to my favorites but I'm
really happy with the selection that
I've got and it's gonna take me a wee
while to get through and the sun's just
come out and ruined my lighting it was
literally gray and miserable right up
until I press record and now the sun's
out okay there we go where do I start
I really love drugstore such high street
makeup I think you can find some amazing
things at a much much lower cost and
actually a lot of these things are kind
of Holy Grail staples for me regardless
of the fact that they are cheaper so I
will make sure to share those ones with
you when I get to them first thing I'm
going to talk to you about is makeup
brushes because it's all very well
having a bulging makeup bag with lots of
amazing things to put on your face but
if you've got nothing to put them on
with is a little bit more difficult
although using hands is fine so it may
come as no surprise to you that the Real
Techniques brushes make it into my top
high street brushes the one that I
actually am obsessed with is this which
is their sponge this thing is amazing I
think this is like my fifth one I go
through these like no tomorrow
they are so good they give you such an
even um but also high coverage depending
on how you use it
finish and I could not recommend this
highly enough love this they also have
their bold metals brushes which are
exclusive to boots these are my
favorites I love that these are so soft
they're a little bit more pricey than
the kind of average range which you'll
find in superdrug and Boots and online
but these ones I just think look
beautiful and I think if you have the
budget to stretch to these I totally
would I know so many people who sweat
by these and I am one of these people
I'm not sure why I can't really see out
of this eye this one's fine this one not
so much
I'm not sure what's going on there God
so kill every one of those days next up
is Foundation I have a lot of foundation
in my little Foundation drawer behind me
a lot of which are higher-end having
said that there is one high street brand
and I absolutely love their foundations
and I use them regularly in fact I use
these pretty much 50% of the time
alongside my NARS sheer glow and it is
the Rimmel foundations
I love these foundations so much I'm
pretty sure each one of these has been
in a favorites video of mine at some
point this one is the wake me up
foundation the next one which I think I
would say out the three is the one I
reach for the most this is the match
perfection light
perfecting radiance foundation the last
one is definitely the heavier coverage
of the three this is the lasting finish
25 hour with comfort serum skin
perfecting full coverage foundation for
me I think it's fairly obvious that
Rimmel win hands down on the foundation
throw for concealer I have two that I am
absolutely obsessed with these are
definitely Holy Grail items in my makeup
bag regardless of the fact that they are
probably the cheapest concealers that I
own so the first one is the collection
lasting perfection I don't even need to
say anything about this everyone raves
about this concealer its high coverage
it blends beautifully it lasts well and
it's just the best concealer ever next
up is a new favorite of mine and this is
the bourgeois radiance reveal concealer
this is beautiful under your eyes it
immediately makes you look like you have
had the best night's sleep ever it
blends lovely it blends lovely it blends
lovely it blends really well and it
lasts really well and I really love it
it also smells of watermelon how have I
already been filming for 11 minutes this
is why filming videos to me is not
as straightforward as you may think
because I just sit here and I ramble and
then when it comes to editing it I want
to smash my head on the keyboard because
I don't shut up for powder I found this
one a little bit more difficult because
I definitely more of a high-end makeup
powder kind of girl however this one is
one that I do use quite often and this
is the Revlon Photoready powder it gives
a really lovely coverage and it does
make my skin look really like flawless
is that makes sense so this one is
definitely the one that I reach for the
most in terms of high street powder in
terms of contour I have to to share with
you the first one is this one which is
the collection contour highlight and
sculpt kit
I think this made it into a favorites of
mine quite recently this is an amazing
amazing kit the actual size of the
product is great I don't think you need
to go any bigger than this and any
smaller I feel like would be a bit more
difficult with your brush but I just
really like the colors the shades work
really really well and also the actual
consistency of the product is really
great it's really pigmented and it's
really cheap and really cheerful and it
does the job really well another brand
worth mentioning when it comes to
contour is sleek their contour kits are
also amazing I don't have a powder one
for some reason I think I either used it
up or it broke so I got rid of it I do
have a cream contour kit which is which
is newly released from them I haven't
used this too much but I just wanted to
show you it because I have quite a few
cream contour kits like this by much
higher end brands and this is a really
great dupe look at that and also just
sleek for the powder contour as well
because sleek is just really great at
powder products in terms of bronzer
there's definitely one brand that stands
out over the others for me and that is
L'Oreal I feel matte L'Oreal get
bronzers spot-on recently a friend of
mine asked me if there were any bronzers
I could
commend from boots or super drug and I
instantly was like L'Oreal hands down
and also the body shop actually I don't
have any body shop bronzes at the moment
but the body shop do some really great
bronzers for very fair-skinned so if
you're fair skinned to look in the body
shop but L'Oreal I just love this
bronzer is so great I love how it's huge
it kind of reminds me of the Estee
Lauder and Clarins ones and this one has
a little teeny bit of shimmer this would
be perfect for holiday or for summer and
also just their little bronzers I love
this this is also a Holy Grail product
for me I always use this it's perfect
for contour but it's also just a lovely
color they just get the colors really
well they're not muddy and they look
quite natural like you really have got a
bit of a suntan so I would highly highly
recommend you checking out L'Oreal for
bronzers blusher wise I found this a
little bit more difficult because I have
so many blushes from the high street
first brands that actually stood out to
me above any others is there something
that sold in boots and Superdrug
currently but they do sell online and
they have quite a lot of their own
standalone stores there's a store in
Brighton and it's Kiko really really
good value for money these are the same
price as other drugstore or high street
products and they just get blush so
right and they are so beautiful this
I've mentioned in so many of my
favorites videos it's gorgeous this came
out in one of their limited edition
collections this one is a more recent
one the packaging is so cute they do
lots of different collections and bring
out some really beautiful products
within them and this one is this one's
pretty recent they might still have this
one in store this is the baked blush in
0-2 gypsy pink they're so pretty
they also smell really great this is
another one from one of their
collections this is the blending wave
multicolor
rush to color blush really pretty colors
and this is one of their like blusher
bronzer or blush and contour kits so I
feel like if you can get to a Kiko store
or if you can buy online I would
definitely check them out for blush they
have some really beautiful ones and my
whole drawer is just full of them
two other brands that I really wanted to
share with you that you can get in boots
and Superdrug is the Max Factor blushes
these are so pretty this one is the
creme puff blush in a seductive pink
which I've worn the most out of them
I've got a couple of these they're just
really really nice and also sleek again
sleek do some beautiful blushes they
have some really lovely blush palettes
they just their powder products are
really really great so I would
definitely check those out if you can
moving on to eye shadows now you guys
know how much I love eyes shadows so
this bit was a bit more difficult a lot
of my eye shadow palettes are high-end
so when I was going through my drawer I
was like which one which ones of these
do I use quite regularly and would I
recommend to somebody who didn't have
the budget for high-end makeup so these
two are fairly similar although I would
say one is slightly more pricey but the
consistency of the shadows is different
so two palettes both very similar this
one is about what I done here this one
is the 17 palette called easy on the eye
this one is the sleek palette all night
long sleek eyeshadows if you want one
eye shadow palette from boots or
superdrug I would recommend sleek sleek
have some really great palettes with
some really great shades and the actual
eye shadow is really really lovely and
because I couldn't talk about eyeshadow
palettes without mentioning my gorgeous
friend Tanya burrs new palettes which
have just come out I had already seen
these because she's already showing them
to me and I was so excited to get my
hands on them Tanya's eyeshadows and I'm
not just
this because I'm biased Tonya's
eyeshadows are beautiful inconsistency
kind of similar to or they're just so
creamy they're kind of similar for me to
stealer eyeshadows and stealer
eyeshadows are some of my favorites
they just feel so easy to use and blend
and the colors are gorgeous this one is
currently my fav this is the birthday
suit
I palette some really gorgeous shades in
there and also there's just the cutest
little mirror so Tanya's eyeshadow
palettes which you can get in Superdrug
this is also another new one that she's
come out with and this is the enchanted
dream I haven't opened this one yet but
again beautiful colors in terms of
slightly bigger makeup palettes though I
don't really know of any brands within
the high street ranges that do something
similar to urban decay or Too Faced and
technically you can actually purchase to
face an urban decay in a lot of boot
stores so I'm going to show these in
here anyway but I think these are
definitely more if you've got a bit more
money to spend and you want one big
eyeshadow palette I think it's
definitely worth like walking that
little bit of a distance over to the
other counters in Boots and having a
look at these eyebrows this one again is
a little bit more difficult for me
because I tend to use a Mac matte
eyeshadow and an angled brush to do my
eye shot to do my eyebrows most days but
any time I've used a pencil the two that
I would definitely recommend to you is
this one which is the looks really
monkey at the moment it's the Maybelline
brow satin in a medium brown one end you
have the pencil which is the bit that I
tend to use and on the other end you
unscrew it and there's a little sponge
with the kind of powder pigment in it I
don't really use that side that side
scares me a bit and there's a dog
barking outside that's gonna continue to
bark okay well I apologize the dog
because that ain't gonna stop barking
any time soon so I can either sit here
for an hour or carry on
I'm going to carry on the other eyebrow
pencil that I have loved and used for
years is the soap glory eyebrow pencil
however I do not have one because I just
run out and as I was trying to look for
else like tally I didn't buy another one
so that is also one that I really really
like it is a little felt liner on one
end and it has the tiny little pencil on
the other and those are amazing liquid
eyeliner this one is definitely my
liquid eyeliner of choice when it comes
to high street brands and it is the
L'Oreal Paris super liner perfect slim
currently have two of these not sure why
I think every time I go in it's just one
of those things I throw into my basket
it has a really fine pointed nib and
basically this is how I learnt to do a
Catholic because I find it the simplest
and easiest way to do it so there we go
mascara wise this is going to be
absolutely no shock to you whatsoever I
recommend this to everybody who needs a
new mascara this is the Maybelline lash
sensational in intense black love it
love it love it
I also wanted to add this one too
because I love this one as well and if
any of you have tried this and you
didn't like it you might like this one
this is the l'oreal false lash sculpt
and again this is just one that i use a
lot and have repurchased many times i
honestly think this could be like my
twelfth bottle of this last war on eyes
i thought it only right to mention some
of my favorite lashes kiss note that the
ardor ones kiss lashes are amazing i
featured these in my favorites quite
recently so i'm not going to talk about
those too much but definitely check
these out and our dao lashes i love
these they just feel very natural and
they look very pretty and fluttery and
i've just never had a problem with these
another thing that they now sell in
boots and my thing Superdrug is duo glue
this is the best thing for applying
eyelashes it's so good and it's also
covered in something from my makeup bag
from holiday it normally comes in a
squeeze
YouTube that ages ago you could only buy
from Mac or online so I'm very happy
that you can now buy it in a little
thing like this with a brush so you can
brush this along your fake lashes
perfect very happy with that
shut up dog can you not hear your dog
barking stop oh my god
lip liners
okay so I have two brands that are great
for lip liners we have bury em bury em
do amazing lip liners in amazing colors
highly recommend another brand which
will feature quite heavily in my lip
section is Nick's or NYX because they
get lips so right and their lip liners
are also amazing they have really tiny
tiny little pointed nibs which make it
really easy to line your lips with and
again every color you could possibly
imagine I have quite a lot of nude
colors and actually these look pretty
much the same in terms of lipsticks this
is going to be absolutely no surprise to
most of you that I'm gonna say the Kate
Moss by Rimmel lipsticks Rimmel Kate
Moss lipsticks um these again are Holy
Grail lipsticks for me I absolutely love
them I don't tend to really buy any
other high street lipsticks because I
trust these I trust the formulation I
know they're going to look great I know
they're going to last well and the
colors are all really really good I have
a few variations here I've got a dark
nude the infamous 107 dark berry red
it's beaut I have a pink this is number
35 really pretty and a much more nudey
pink which is 38 which again is a Holy
Grail lipstick for me so if you need a
lipstick look no other place besides the
Rimmel Kate Moss pop more recently I
have been kind of obsessed with liquid
lipsticks
pretty much all I have worn for like the
past four months so I thought it would
only be right to feature some of my
favorites from the high street first up
mix this is just the only thing I've
pretty much been wearing on my lips this
is the NYX liquid suede in the shade
sandstorm it's beautiful the consistency
is lovely it lasts really well and then
they also have these which are the soft
matte lip creams which just feel a
little lighter on the lip so if you
don't like the feeling of liquid
lipsticks you'll love these so I bought
this one in the shade London and I have
this one in the shade Copenhagen both
very very pretty
another brand that do this really really
well are Revlon with these these are
kind of a new addition and these are the
Ultra HD matte lip colors they have lots
of beautiful beautiful shades they feel
lovely when you apply them and they last
really well and then more recently my
friend Tanya released some which I have
never been so excited about in my life I
haven't opened these too yet I literally
got them like two days ago so I haven't
opened these two but this shade is
rhubarb and custard and this one is
puppy paws these are a lot more pinky
and one I actually have on today is this
one which is Martha Moo which is a
really beautiful pinky kind of nude I
guess and I really really like it so
thanks ton thanks for bringing those out
they're available in super drunk one
last thing which I wanted to mention
which is a technically makeup but I feel
like it falls under the same category
and is one of my holy grail things I
will always buy and that is the elegant
touch nails I have some on today they're
like super pretty sparkly ones I
absolutely love them but they're just
the best brand for stick-on nails you
can get really fun ones I have got some
flamingo ones or these ones which are
just a really lovely matte kind of Navy
shade and then you can also buy plain
ones in different shapes so you've got
these ones which are short oval or these
ones which are the ones I generally tend
to buy which is totally bare in square
you can file them down if you feel like
they're too
you can paint these any color you want
and they're just really easy to chuck on
and they make having nice nails a lot
easier I am now surrounded by a sea of
makeup but I really hope you guys
enjoyed this video if there are any
other products that you would recommend
to somebody from the high street put
them in the comment section below and
then lots of other people can kind of
take your recommendations on board give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
I hope you've had a really lovely
weekend and I'll see you again very soon
bye
