hello everybody in today's video I
wanted to do a get ready with me
starting from wet hair to this look this
for me is probably more of an everyday
look because I don't mind rocking a
bright red lip and having a little bit
of a sheen to my cheeks but if this is a
bit out there for you then maybe you
could consider doing this for a
Christmas party or a night out or to
something a little bit more special this
time of year this is a look that I will
pretty much be sporting every single day
so I really wanted to do this video with
you so you can see from start to finish
how I did this so I hope you enjoy it so
the first thing I did was wash and
blow-dry my hair to wash my hair I use
the pure ology hydrate shampoo and
conditioner
I've been really enjoying using this the
conditioner has menthol in it so it's
really nice to use in the morning it's
very refreshing and it makes your head
feel very like fresh kind of like when
you go to the salon and someone else
washes your hair for you that's what
this feels like
and I'm really enjoying it it says it's
for dry color-treated hair which
essentially is what I have so this has
been working a treat the next thing I
did before I applied any heat to my hair
was I put the davon s oi all-in-one milk
all over my hair and just gave that a
little brush through I love this product
I've talked about this before it's been
in my favorites it's a multi benefit
beauty treatment with ruku oil so I just
gave that little spritz before a
blow-dried I just find that it makes my
hair easier to style and leaves it a
little bit softer
then once my hair was dried I put a
little bit of the way hair oil kind of
just running it through my hair mostly
concentrating on the ends because
obviously those are the drier parts of
my hair and I absolutely love this I
love the smell of it it's great
especially if you have color treated
hair and oil I feel is a must before I
start styling my hair I'm gonna put my
skincare products on now just so they've
got a little bit of time to sink in
before I start with my makeup so the
first thing I'm gonna do is put on this
serum this is the rush pose a effaclar
duo I love this so much I've been using
this every morning underneath my
moisturizer and every evening before I
go to bed and I think my skin is a very
appreciative puppet
okay now that that is applied I'm going
to put on my moisturizer this is the
tattoo Harper clarifying moisturizer for
blemish prone skin I don't actually have
much left of this so hopefully it will
come out there we go face done okay now
I'm going to start on my hair I am one
of these people that always does my hair
before I do my makeup I don't know why
because I feel like most of my friends
do it the other way around and they do
their makeup with with their hair wet
and then they do their hair afterwards
but I don't like to think that my wet
hair will go on my makeup I don't know
which which order do you do it I would
love to know I'm gonna curl my hair
today because so many of you asked me
how I come my hair what I use and which
technique I use also so I thought now
would be a great time to show you
because I feel like kind of party
festive season I tend to go with more of
a curl like a curly look because I think
it looks more done and also if you're
anything like me and you don't wash your
hair everyday if you curl your hair your
hair looks better for longer I think so
the Tong that I currently use is the new
me five-in-one which I have had for
years and there's no like clamp or
anything it's just the wand I don't know
the size of this I think this is a one
inch maybe but I find that this heats up
very quickly it gets very very hot
therefore I think it makes the curls
last a lot longer and it also gives them
more definition but it does mean you
have to be very careful I have burnt
myself a number of times because I
haven't used the gloves so it does come
with a glove I just I don't know where
mine is I've lost it first thing I do is
I section my hair because I have the
thickest hair ever and it takes me a
long time so I try and section it as
much as I can because you don't want to
take pieces that are too thick so I used
a scrunchie because a scrunchie is not
tight as a normal hair bubble so it
doesn't leave a kink well it shouldn't
anyway
I try I try not to leave it in one
section for too long then I just take
one section that's about this big and
any pieces near my face I will do away
like these and then I leave it on there
for about 20 seconds 20 ish seconds then
you let go
Dada KO number one take another piece of
hair that is of a similar size and I'm
gonna go the opposite way to the way I
just went I also like to leave a tiny
bit at the end because I think it looks
more like beachy if you leave a tiny bit
of hair at the end like this and it also
gives you something to hold onto
especially if you're using a wand
do excuse Nala snoring in the background
who's obviously had a hectic night once
you have finished that layer it's time
to let loose and do another one again
any bits around your face take them away
from your face whenever I do this I just
have visions of me leaving Iran for
sightly too long trying to take the wand
away and it just breaking all my hair
off you like those horrible viral videos
you okay
and once you have curled every little
bit of your hair you're gonna want to
just run your fingers through it because
it's very like static curly at the mo
it's a bit prom curly I like to say and
then I'm just going to use a little bit
of this which is the way texturizing
hairspray and I'm just gonna spritz that
all over so that it gives it a little
bit more definition and holds the curls
a bit better very voluminous now it's
time to start on the makeup which is
obviously my favorite bit first thing
I'm gonna do is put my foundation on the
foundation I'm curly loving and using is
the Fanta Beauty soft matte long wear
foundation in the shade 170 I think I
might have to go down to the 160 soon
because my tan literally has famished
but I'm making it work
actually it does make me look a little
bit more healthy so I'm not opposed to
that I'm also using my fenty foundation
brush as well which I still absolutely
love
foundation done next thing I'm going to
use is price surprise the collection
lasting perfection concealer because
it's the best of best and although I try
so many other concealers this is the one
I always find a go back to using the
same brush I'm going to blend that in or
dab it in this is blending or dabbing I
think it's bit of both and now my base
is done I'm gonna go in with contour
bronzer and for that I am using the
benefit hoola because I think this color
you can't really go wrong with this for
a bronzer or a contour I love it and I'm
using a spectrum mean girls brush this
one says you can't sit with us it's just
a really good little light get it on the
brush give it a little tap
although it's like wintery and this is
more of like a festive look I don't
think you can go wrong with a bit of
bronzer really now I have two products
that I want to use on my cheeks although
I don't know if this is gonna be a bit
of an overload but this fenty Beauty
highlighter slash blusher is so
beautiful it's called which one is this
chic freak and it's so pretty I'm
talking about this one here because this
one is slightly more shimmery but then I
also have this hourglass one which is
the incandescent Electra ambient
lighting blush and this is also very
beautiful unless I put a little bit of
this on it a little bit of this on top
maybe I'll do that
let's try that see how that goes I'm
going to use the same brush
that's definitely added some color as
well so that's quite pretty I like that
I think I'm gonna go on top of it with a
little bit of this though I think this
is what's gonna take this look from like
your daytime festive look to your night
out Christmas party look to be honest
maybe if you wanted you could just leave
it like this but I'm not gonna go subtle
well middle of the forehead down the
center a little bit on the chin I like
that I think that's really really pretty
now I've completely done my face it's
time to move on to brows and eyes which
I think always bring a look completely
together when I think of brows I mostly
think of benefit because I feel like
they are the ruler of the eyebrows they
have like 10 products 6 different shades
there's something for everybody I've got
a handful of products I never know which
ones to go for because I love browsing
browsing ziz one of my favorites because
you guys know how much I like to add in
a powder because I feel like it's really
easy to give shape I also always use
this this is the 24-hour brow setter
love that but I also have the precisely
pencil so I don't know whether to go for
browsing all the pencil or maybe a
little bit of both I think I'm going to
start with the pencil and do some very
like fine hairs and then I think I'm
gonna go back over with the wax that
comes in the browsing which you can see
I've like majorly dent it right I'm
gonna use the little brush first this is
their little spooley feel like spoolie
x' are essential because you can brush
out the brows and see exactly where you
stand you guys know whenever I'm giving
beauty advice it's always get your brows
done by someone else banish the tweezers
and go get them done as well as all
their products benefit actually do do
eyebrows
and they are amazing at it so if you're
not sure go to benefit and they can like
sort your brows out you will never look
back having someone else do your brows
the shade I'm using by the way is for
because my brows are slightly more ashy
in color so for is perfect for me one
brow done I'm gonna do this one now
using the wax on this side again this
isn't a floor and this is also a little
benefit eyebrow brush I'm just gonna put
a little bit of the wax in the little
sections where I'm trying to grow my
brows just so that it really holds the
pencil in place and I don't end up
smudging it away now I'm going to use
the 24-hour brow setter just to go over
it and really lock them in place so this
is literally just a gel that you can
brush through your brows it's clear so
it has no color in it and it just keeps
them exactly where you want them
now brows are done I'm going to move on
to my eyes I'm gonna put a little bit of
the Too Faced shadow insurance on my
eyelids before putting on any eyeshadow
the brushes I'm gonna use for my
eyeshadow are the clover brushes you've
got a little like copper bases I have
four of them I probably need for
I'm gonna start with this one to cut
down my first color and the palette I'm
going to be using is this Too Faced
palette but this is the what palette is
this is it the clover palette inspired
by their mini Chihuahua mascot this
limited edition eyeshadow collection
features 18 brand-new matte and shimmer
shades in exclusive clover packaging so
this is oh this is the clover palette
there are some quite bright colors in
here which I'm probably gonna steer
clear of not too sure about this yellow
but I'm mostly going to be focusing on
these these shades I think because I'm
gonna go for a festive red lip I don't
want anything too wild on the eyelids so
the color I'm gonna pop all over my lid
is this one which is called cuteness
overload it's a very pretty kind of
champagne e pink
I am gonna put a little bit of this
white shimmery one called puppy eyes
just on the very inner corner because it
looks quite glittery so I'm just gonna
pop that there just to open up the eye a
little bit now using a tapered blending
brush I am going to go in with this
shade which is called paw print it's a
matte and I'm gonna go in the crease
with this one I might put a tiny bit of
this darker color called cuddle buddy in
the crease just just the very outer and
I'm gonna do a little bit of this super
highlight color just under my brow bone
just to give it a highlight beautiful
using this slightly skinnier brush I'm
gonna take that same darker color and
I'm just gonna go a little bit under the
eye those are the eyes at the moment I'm
gonna go in with a bit of black liner
the liner that I am gonna use is the
Stila stay all day waterproof liquid
eyeliner
okay this one is way better than this
one why does this always happen now it's
time for mascara the mascara I'm using
is the smithing cult lash dance mascara
a little bit on the lower lashes this is
actually quite a clumpy mascara so if
you don't like clump you own like that
but I like a bit of clump so okay and
now there's only one thing left for me
to do and that is the old red festive
lip so we have the colour-pop ultra
matte lip in the shade creeper i use
this quite a lot I do like it
and there we go that is my festive party
pretty much every day like I would wear
this every day myself like you will
probably find that I will be wearing
this through most of December I
absolutely love it
it feels very festive very glowy and
that is exactly what you want this time
of year I really hope you guys like this
look and enjoyed this video make sure to
give it a thumbs up if you did don't
forget to subscribe and also make sure
you are following me over on my other
channel which is more zoella got it and
breathe them um
because I am vlogging every single day
so you can see exactly what I'm getting
up to over there so come on over enjoy
the festive fun and I will see you again
very soon bye
