hello everybody today I am Nullah
mother hello everybody it's favourites
time it's that time of the month where I
chat you through the things that I've
been loving the most boom I've just
looked down at my things and also
realize I've left one over I always sit
on one leg hang on oh I don't know
whether I should cross my legs let's get
comfy makeup-wise I have been really
loving this which is the radiance reveal
bourgeois concealer to illuminate Oh
correct illuminates and 24-hour
hydration I don't know if I've put this
in a favourites before I don't think I
have I think I put it in a whole video
but I just I've never seen anyone
talking about this and this concealer is
so good it's definitely not as much
coverage as the correction one which is
why quite a lot of the time I will use
the correction concealer under my eyes
and also on blemishes because the
coverage of that concealer is insane but
this one for brightening under the eyes
or you know halfway through the day when
you feel a little bit like your
concealer is failing you slightly or
you're just getting more and more tired
putting some of this on does you the
world of good it honestly looks like
you've had like ten hours sleep what a
statement to make it also smells like
DKNY be Delicious which is a perfume
that I actually used to wear when I was
like I don't know 1617 I also love that
perfume um and not at the center of it
is really anything to go by but it is a
really lovely product it blends really
nicely it does feel quite moisturizing
moisturizing it does feel quite
moisturizing under the eyes which i
think is something that a lot of people
look for because dry crusty eyes are
never a good look and so if you're going
for something to brighten and hydrate I
feel like it looks a lot better and one
thing that comes with high coverage is
usually dryness the coverage of this is
still really good I wouldn't say that
it's not good coverage I'm just saying
compared to collection which is another
high-street concealer that i absolutely
rave about this doesn't have the same
coverage but it's not far off
I have been dotting this and my eyes and
blending it with a really soft brush to
give the ultimate like I have bright
eyes and I am so awake even when I'm not
it's like the best like cheat to sleep
ever
moving on to Barry M these are two of
the Barry M lip liners now I have gotten
into lip liner a little bit more
recently because I've been wearing quite
a lot of nude lips and actually I found
that using lip liners and just filling
your lips in it gives a really lovely
effect because I love matte lips and
liners are always matte and they're just
really easy and actually a lot of the
time when I line my lips I end up
filling them in anyway so the one I have
been loving the most is this one which
is number 17 I don't know the name of it
all I know is that it's seventeen and
it's it's really lovely kind of movie
nude and this I've been wearing I've
actually got it on today
underneath the NYX liquid suede and it's
just a really great color so if any of
you are looking for a lip liner in a
nude shade definitely check out Barry M
and they're super good value for money
and then the other one I've been really
liking is this one which is number 15
which is slightly more on the pinky side
so if you prefer baiji pinky nudes I
think you'll really like this
sticking with lips these which I
featured in my pa box on opening and I
knew I was going to end up loving them
because I am obsessed with liquid
lipsticks at the moment it's pretty much
all I've been wearing they last really
well and yes they can be a bit more
drying on the lips and some people hate
them for that fact but I don't really
mind because they stay put and they do
what they're supposed to do and they're
super pigmented now when I go for a
normal like moisturizing lipstick I'm
like oh no I hate it it's sticky I feel
like it's going to smudge across my face
I feel like it comes off when I eat
these just stay put and you really don't
you top them up that much throughout the
day I was very excited when I saw these
smash book 1 smash book that I was
really excited when I saw these smash
book what I can't fake it so I was
really excited when I saw these Smashbox
ones in my PAP so this color is stepping
out
and it's just a really pretty nude pink
so for those of you that prefer to have
a pink tone in your nudes or for those
of you that prefer to have a brown tone
I feel that this covers both because it
does have a slight pink and a slight
Brown a kind of color way to it I'm not
really sure how to describe it but I
really like it what I think makes me
like these a lot is the applicator the
applicator is kind of like round and
then it goes into a point and it's just
really easy especially for like lining I
think with a lot of them you have to be
quite careful because if they're quite
round you find lining the lips a little
bit more difficult but because this one
has a pointed tip I found it's really
easy to apply without having already
done a liquid liner not liquid liner a
lip liner now I haven't worn this too
much but the couple of times I have I've
absolutely loved it it's this very deep
red with a slight hint of berry tone to
it and that's my favorite kind of red
shade which if you've watched my videos
for a while you will already know and
this one is called misconduct you can
get some really amazing results with
these and the Smashbox
I can't say Smashbox and the Smashbox
ones are really really good next thing I
have been absolutely loving was also
featured in my PA box video which is
this it's the Becca Jacqueline Hill
champagne collection face palette
firstly it's just beautiful but also it
has the best mirror I've ever seen with
a palette ever they are so pigmented I
was actually quite like whoa it's not
such a thing as a blusher that's
actually too pigmented I don't know but
the blush I've been using is this one
which is the rosy spritz and it's a very
pretty kind of coral peach with a gold
shimmer running through it and then on
top of that I have been highlighting
with this one which is champagne pop I
don't know if it's the consistency which
I'm like super impressed with you
honestly just do one really light swipe
and the color payoff is incredible
they're also very easy to blend and they
last really well and I don't know just
every
about this I am obsessed with right now
and it for sure makes me want to try out
all the other Becca blushes because I've
never known anything like that before
the other thing that I quickly wanted to
mention in beauty are some eyelashes
that I've really really liked wearing
and using so recently for a shoot I had
these ones on and they are kiss looks so
natural light and soft as a feather so
you can get different variations and
they've all got different names these
ones are called hot and they have like
slightly thicker darker lashes towards
the end so that the outer part of your
eyelashes looks slightly darker and
thicker and more like fluttery and I
wore these on a shoot and I posted some
photos and a lot of you were like oh my
god what eyelashes do you have on they
were these ones so I have some more of
these generally these are the eyelashes
that I will have on for any photo shoot
if I've used the makeup artists that I
like to use quite often she always has
these in her kicks I think the reason I
like them is because you don't feel as
though you're wearing them the minute
they're on and they're dry you honestly
forget you have them on and I could
literally get two just before bed when I
go to take my cap off and realize I've
still got them on they're that good they
just feel invisible and like it says on
here they're really light so they don't
feel heavy they don't feel way down and
I think for those exact reasons a lot of
people kind of stray away from wearing
false lashes but actually um if you feel
like you don't even have any on ah it
makes wearing them and applying them a
lot more enjoyable because it has
reached that time of the year where
everyone is kind of getting their fake
tan out and trying to look somewhat
summer ready I have been fake tanning
now I feel like I may have mentioned
this brand ages and ages ago but this is
he-she which is a tanning brand aimed at
both men and women it says for him and
for her but this is the one hour rapid
liquid tan and I have a fresh mitt here
I do have one downstairs but it's brown
and grubby and I thought you know what
for this video I'm just gonna get one I
haven't used yet so I still have this
one in the
rapper but you can buy any fake tan mitt
it doesn't have to be a he-she one so
the reason I like this is because it is
a liquid I have tried many many fake tan
consistencies what-you-call-it formulas
I do not get on well with mousse I don't
like it it clings to any dry skin I have
on my body and it just doesn't ever look
right I don't really like lotion because
I feel that if I apply a lotion it's
more likely to move around my skin so I
don't know if I put top on or if I go to
bed if I sweat like I just feel like
lotion takes a lot longer to sink in and
kind of leaves you with that whole keep
your arms out need to get dry kind of
feeling which I don't really like this
one is a liquid they also have another
one which is not the one our rapid tan
which I also love and use which I think
is the one that I may have put in this
video before I just really like it I
like the color that it makes my skin
it's more of like an olivey with a hint
of red so it actually does look like
quite a natural tan I love how easy it
is to apply I just sprinkle this on the
fake tanning mitt and then I go over and
because it's a liquid
I find it dries really quickly but not
in that same drying way of the mousse
this is the most foolproof tan for me
and I'm not the best applying fake tan
I'm definitely no fake tan expert and
yes I get it wrong sometimes but this
has never been difficult for me and this
is so straightforward and easy and also
the one hour rapid means it dries a lot
quicker but also the color shows up a
lot quicker next thing I'm going to show
you is a little bit more on the pricey
side now I always feel like I need to
say this just in case any of you
watching I like oh my god that sounds
amazing damn it why didn't she tell me
this was more pricey I just feel like I
need to warn you slightly when I say
slightly on the pricey side it's not
over 100 pounds but it's over 50 so
there we go but also know that that's
not that steep for some of you but it is
for some of you I don't know it all
varies doesn't it it's so dependent on
the person watching so I'm just going to
say now this is not High Street I got
this on cult Beauty is by the brand
Omar vixa or Maura vixa I can never say
it properly it's it's a brand I struggle
to
to pronounce it is the deep cleansing
mask it comes in this really beautiful
little glass pot it smells like a spa ah
this includes healing waters and mineral
infused muds now I'm not a skincare
expert so I don't really know what those
two things mean what I can tell you
though is the ingredients in this make
for a pretty powerful face mask it even
says on the directions not to use this
before a big event the next day because
essentially what it does is draws out
all the crap that's in your skin and
that's probably not the scientific way
of explaining it so I mean don't quote
me there but that's what it seems to
appear to do to mine if I feel like I
have a spot but it's not doing anything
you're guaranteed then it's going to pop
up and say hi after you've used this
probably use this maybe once or twice a
week I don't want to overdo it because I
also feel like that's probably not the
best for your skin but I just find that
my skin has looked and felt a lot more
clear and I haven't had as many issues
with spots and if I have I feel like
this has cleared them up really really
quickly this is the embryo lease lotion
micellar which is a soothing and
cleansing makeup remover for your eyes
face and lips no rinsing necessary for
all skin types there is something quite
nice about removing your makeup with a
lotion and some cotton pads which i
think is why micellar waters are so
popular so many people love to do it I
like to do this to remove my makeup at
night and then I go on to do a second
cleanse or I will use this in the
morning just to kind of give my face
like a bit of a refresh basically I
think one of the main things I really
like about this is the smell of it now I
have no idea what this smells like but
it smells like something I know it's
like fresh flowers like white flowers
I'm not sure but I really like what it
smells like I also really like how easy
it is to remove my makeup with this and
just generally a great product the next
thing I picked up was actually when I
was doing a shop at Colby
I noticed that Jen Atkin who is a
celebrity hairstylist has released her
new hair care range which is spelt
oh you AI but apparently you pronounce
it way I picked up the volume shampoo
and the volume conditioner I really
quite like the packaging I like it it's
quite simple I also like that it has a
teeny little bit of rose gold on there
and I really like the cap I just think
it's quite simple it looks quite nice
just set on the side of the bath it's
not too fussy etc except at first I was
a bit like oh it doesn't foam up as much
as my previous shampoo but then when I
got used to it I was like oh I don't
know what I was thinking this still
foams this is absolutely fine it smells
really nice it's not too fussy it's
quite a nice kind of subtle scent and it
leaves my hair feeling really clean
really like sleek like there's none of
that like frizziness about it and I have
just been really enjoying these last up
is a her spray this is by the company
davon airs or davines I don't know again
there's too many things we need to
pronounce in this video
I think it's davon Aires and it is the
your hair assistant conceived and
designed by Angelo seminar a perfecting
hairspray natural and invisible hold
this hairspray is so good there's none
of that like Criss penis the hold is
really good but it doesn't feel hard it
doesn't feel I don't know I just really
really like it Gavin Eze hair spray
really really great
moving on to random things okay
so game a game I've been obsessed with
is The Sims I feel like I've been
obsessed with the sim since I was like
13 so it's not really anything new there
it's just that I played it the other day
with Alfie as you know we've had like a
sim series like on and off on his gaming
channel and uh one of the things I
really love to do is watch other
people's gameplay life simha is an
amazing Sims gamer I absolutely love her
Christina and also just playing it I
really like playing it the other day
someone said to me what do you like to
do to relax I was like place in
because I feel like it's the one time
I'm not thinking about content projects
being on Twitter being surrounded by
social media I feel like it's the one
time I'm actually concentrating on
someone else's life instead of my own so
I've been trying to watch more films
recently because there are so many that
I really want to see and there's not
enough time in the day for me to see
them but the other day I watched love
Rosie with Alfie it's just one of those
films that I've had on my list of films
I really want to watch for quite a while
so the other day me and Alfie sat down
to watch a film and I decided to watch
it much too Alfie's like dismay at first
he was like oh I really want to watch
this and I think he was like working or
editing on his laptop but he would like
stop and like get really into it and
then we had a food delivery and he was
like pause it pause it and I was like
okay he's properly hooked in this film
now and then we just ended up watching
it together don't want to give too much
away but it's essentially about a guy
and a girl who have known each other
since they were really young and it kind
of follows them as they grow up and
their relationship together and their
friendship and it is just such a
light-hearted fun cute romance it was so
nice I can imagine some people would
call it quite fluffy I don't even care
because I sometimes love a fluffy
romance and it was just so sweet it
really tugged on your heartstrings and
it was just the best and I was like I
need to put that in my favourites
because if any of you haven't seen it
and you want to watch a film to just
feel so like oh I loved that then watch
it it made me fall in love with sam
claflin all over again every time I
watch him in a film I'm like oh my god
I just love that guy he is just so
dreamy but also Lily Collins is so
amazing in this film and she's the
cutest and so adorable and just I don't
know I just loved everything about it so
if you're looking for a romance to watch
whether it's on your own or if you're
going to force your partner to watch it
with you then check it out I have
rambled on now for far too long so I'm
going to end this video here thank you
very much for watching don't forget to
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it let me know as always
you have been loving this month or if
there's anything that you think I might
like next month and I will see you again
very very soon bye
