hello puppy you are so needy why are you
so cute who's that you can't stop here
I'm about different a video you can't
serve here good go don't give me those
no puppy dog laughs hello everybody
today I am gonna be doing an a sauce
whore and I'm actually going to be
trying the clothes on in this video
because I don't really know why I've
never fully done this before I think
just because I don't do clothes hauls
that often but when I watch them I find
it really useful to see what it looks
like on so therefore for this video I'm
gonna make it like a try on Tryon
session and also just because it's one
of those things you do when you get your
like girlfriends around and you're sat
around and you've been shopping and you
actually do put things on for kind of a
second opinion so I want you guys to be
my second opinion here even though by
the time this goes up I probably will
have already made up my mind but still I
just thought it would be a little bit
more firm so the reason for this a sauce
haul is because I am going on holiday
next week or this week depending on what
you're watching this video not that I
really needed any new bits and pieces
but there is something quite nice about
going away with like new clothes and
being so excited to put them on and just
because a lot of the summer things that
I did have were from like last year in
the year before and when I did my
massive wardrobe clear out the other day
I did get rid of quite a lot of things
so there were many bags that went off to
the charity shop with all my other
summer things in so that other people
can enjoy them but I did mean that I had
quite a gap in my wardrobe for more
summery items hence a bit of late night
shopping on ASOS and the damage is
pretty bad
a sauce it came in a freaking box and
that's how you know you've ordered too
much because normally it comes in a bag
but yeah I'm gonna get started I'm gonna
pull things out and I'm going to show
them to you and insert little clips of
me trying them on first thing I've got
in here is actually a nightshirt and I
fell in love with this because
I don't know if any of you remember I
have this really old kind of 80s
inspired Barbie jumper that I've had for
a really really long time and then when
I saw this one which is like I think
this is 70s Barbie I loved this it's
just a really big night t-shirt and this
isn't an extra-small I picked up this
bomber by Palin bear is quite a long one
which I don't think I have any long ones
of these I am so into bomber jackets
right now I am really starting to get
quite the collection and I just really
loved the colors in this look at this
it's beautiful I'm all about that like
leaf print especially when it's with
pink leaf and pink I'm obsessed with
right now and I've got that in a small
yeah in a small definitely don't think I
would wear this with this outfit I think
this would look really cool with denim
jeans I quite like the length of this
it's actually really comfortable it's
not too thick either it's really nice
thin fabric so I think this is nice just
for general summertime but also really
nice just for holiday I think this next
dress is by denim and supply and it's by
Ralph Lauren and it's just this really
beautiful white cotton dress with floaty
sleeves I just think it's really pretty
it was a little bit more on the pricey
side but I really love all the detail
plus white just looks lovely with a tan
and a little summer hat and some sandals
oh and I got that in an extra small I
like the sleeves and I like how it feels
I'm just not sure if it's quite
see-through I don't know whether this
could be like an everyday dress or
whether this would have to be like a
bikini throw over but I really like it I
think it's quite nice no I also picked
up this which is just an Asus throw on
over bikini type dress but I thought it
was really cute and it had this little V
here and although it is quite sheer
which i think is why it's meant to be
like over a bikini or I guess over a
bandeau or a little pair of short
I just thought it was a really nice link
and I really liked the short sleeves on
it so I'm excited to see what that looks
like this is actually a size 4 but I
know with a sauce if there's a 4 and a 6
I always go for the smallest one because
their sizes can kind of vary depending
on what it is and I think this is
supposed to be quite baggy so we shall
see what that looks like okay I / bikini
on for this one just so you know I had
the appropriate swimwear on underneath
but this is really cute too I really
like this just to throw one at the beach
this is also something just to throw on
over a bikini or going down to breakfast
when we go to breakfast in the mornings
and it's this adorable white play suit
with very strappy straps do you see that
do you see that the only thing is that
so much of this comes quite creased like
this is really creased I'm gonna have to
do a huge ironing session before I go on
holiday but yeah I just thought that
that would be really nice and really
simple and also just really easy throw
on at the beach or by the pool etc etc
and I've got that in a size 6 well this
is for sure see-through um where are the
straps I'm not sure about this I mean
you wouldn't be able to wear it without
a bikini like this is definitely a
bikini throw over I'm not sure about
this one next up is this really pretty
denim kind of Bardot style dress it's
that really thin very cottony denim
which I quite like especially if you're
going somewhere very hot because then
you're not like too hot and it's just
very light and easy to wear so I picked
this up this is actually a brand this is
pinky collection pinky and I got that in
a small um this fits quite freely but it
kind of covers your boobs so it's all
good yeah I like that
next up is a little stripy bodycon dress
now I I mean I don't know what you do on
your holidays but in the evenings most
of the time we go out for dinner
or we go down to I don't know the beach
or we just kind of we just make a bit
more effort in the evenings per bit of
makeup on because we won't have been
wearing it all day and I just felt like
I didn't really have anything that was a
bit more evening where there was a lot
of beach wear pull wear bikinis when I
was like oh wait what am I going to well
we actually go out to dinner so I looked
quite a few bodycon dresses because I
really like body con dresses I would say
it's kind of MIDI length I like that it
has short sleeves so I'm not going to
get too hot I just think with a pair of
sandals that it will look really nice
that is in size 4 you can't really see
and I'm scared I'm gonna bash my head
but I like this I think this is nice I
like that the neck is high yeah I like
this one think that a sauce sizes are
usually quite true obviously there are a
lot of different brands within a sauce
and I can't speak for them necessarily
but sometimes you do get the odd garment
that you're like wait they do that in a
size 2 which generally is a size 6 I
normally just go for the smallest sizes
especially with things like body con
dresses because I just want them to be
actually figure hugging and body con oh
my god that was really weird like a
petal just flew up my skylight window
like a look fairy if you're a similar
size to me a sauce is is the place and
always just go for the smaller sizes but
generally a six is a six which is good I
also got this one which is slightly
different because it has more of like a
off-the-shoulder
and cut and it has these tiny little
sleeves and again it's stripy but it's
it's that stripe that's quite flattering
I think because it's coming into the
middle and then there's a little band
and then it's just diagonal stripes with
a little slit at the side and that is
also a size four very figure hugging but
I quite like this this is nice
it feels really comfortable to know I
didn't necessarily buy these for holiday
I kind of just got these for like
summertime in the UK because here in the
UK our summer is not a very consistent
shall we say so
some days it's hot some days it's near
and on the myth days I just wanted some
dungarees like I live in degrees I
freaking loved ungreased so I thought
these looked quite cool I just really
liked the color I also really liked the
fact that they were skinny like at the
bottom like their skinny ones so I'm
really interested to see what these are
going to look like because I have no
idea and these are the Brandon liquor
and poker which I have never bought
anything from before and these are a
size six so we shall see this is like
trying to put jeans on without any zip
pull on bottom
okay I'm in I thought they would fit me
around the legs and round the bottom but
I did not think they would fit me like
here which I guess is I mean it could
have been a no I think if it was tighter
you'd have could have possibly had a
case of the old camel toe so I think
this is about time you're gonna get I
feel like these I don't know why I
didn't think they would actually look
alright there you go they go to my ankle
this is actually a misguided dress on
ASOS and it's technically a t-shirt
dress and it's just a metallic and this
was one of those things that I was like
for night time I think this is going to
be super cool I love that the sleeves
are slightly longer so they'll hang
quite low down um and I don't know I
don't know what this will look like on I
think it will either make me look like
I've got shiny Barbie boobies do you
know what I mean by that no like see how
my elbow looks like this and it goes
shiny yeah
that's why I means oh I think it'll look
really cool I'm not sure I feel like I
don't know I'm not sure about this one I
don't know if I love it
or if I just think it's okay I mean it's
not that expensive and I probably would
wear I mean it would look great with
more of a tag wouldn't it let me know
what you think of this one because I am
undecided got these in a 6 these are
like beach
trousers I have never owned anything
like this before but they have huge
slits at the front and they're just
super flared again I just really loved
this color it's like a terra cotta kind
of orangey pink and I really liked those
and they're like stretchy so they'll be
nice and comfy or I could look like I am
part of the Bee Gees tribute band I
think this is one of my favorite things
you guys this is by a brand called surf
gypsy and it's the size small and it's
just this little top it's a little crop
top and it's just lacy but look at the
back the back is so pretty it has three
little buttons and then like a big
gaping hole but I just thought that
would be so pretty with shorts or you
know to throw over the top of a bikini
and I'm very happy with that very very
happy with that I probably would have
wear these two things together I would
probably just have these trousers with I
know like a tighter top I think I think
this works well with like shorts or
something so I probably wouldn't wear
the two together but I like both oh no
you guys I like too much of this okay
I'm not sure how I'm going to be able to
show this because it's extremely
see-through but again I wanted something
for the beach and by the pool so I
ordered this peach dress which just ties
over your shoulders like this and then
flows all the way down and it just looks
really pretty it's just a very lovely
color and again I just think with the
tan this looks so nice and it's just so
easy I just feel like when you're on
holiday and you want to throw something
on and you know quickly cover up things
like this a brilliant
I decided but swimming costume on and
show you this one which is as I thought
it would be sheer and peach but so
pretty and if any of you are wondering
where this swimsuit is from it has a cat
on it I don't know if you can see the
cat it's got like a criss cross back
this is from Lady Oh
but yeah I quite like I quite like this
it's so cute
how cute are these shots oh they have
these cute little tassels and they're
just freely and they're high-waisted and
I just think these will be amazing for
holiday very airy and light and again
you can just throw them on top of
bikinis and just you're all good and I
got those in a for it so I've put a body
on to wear under this but as you can see
these are quite see-through I think
these are definitely like bikini shorts
but they're really cute I really like
them I got this again to throw on top of
a bikini just because I really liked
this it has two little slits down the
side this is the brand evil twin never
heard of it but it looks quite cool I
got this in a small and it's completely
see-through so again I probably won't
show you what this looks like on but you
can kind of see the sort of thing it is
it's just again to throw on over the top
of stuff
this is South gypsy again and this is a
playsuit very floaty very pretty the
button that does up at the top or you
can leave it undone which will be very
revealing so it's completely up to you I
kind of wish the button was maybe a
little bit further down but the pattern
is really really pretty but then over a
bikini it will probably be fine
it is quite cute next up are these cute
little short dungarees playsuit thing
and this is actually by boohoo on ASOS
and these are size six and these are
just really cute look at these little
shorts I have know if these all fit
either they look quite small but we
shall soon find out I just thought they
were quite nice for summer weather on
holiday or not I put a little stripy top
on I've got and with this outfit the
only thing I will say is I for sure need
to adjust these straps because it got
bevor from wedge going on
it's very bottom II like without
flashing you my entire bum cheeks it is
a little bit um short I don't know I
think it's actually alright and the last
item of clothing is this place OOP with
this really pretty pattern on it and
there are some like long sleeves and
it's buying a brand choice show and this
is in a size small and it has like
little tassels on the front I really
like this I think it's really pretty
Oh something ripped this one's so cute I
love this yeah I am loving this I love
that you can tie this like this or let
it down onto accessories I picked up
this beautiful necklace look at that
it's so pretty
it has little circles half moons and
half circles oh it's full moon half moon
full moon half moon and toenail me I
also bought this which is actually from
new look and it's an arm cuff now I've
never worn an arm cuff before or maybe I
have when I was really young and I have
quite little skinny arms definitely need
to work out more so I don't know if this
will fit or not but it's so pretty and I
guess the only way of you finding out is
to cut it off but then I don't know if I
can return it if I do cut it off so but
it's really pretty it has like a dream
catcher on it and then lots of little
leaves so we shall see if that fit and
then another thing I actually have one
for a really long time is an anklet do
you remember the good old days of
anklets I feel like I used to wear them
all the time that and toe rings but this
was just a really pretty one again this
is new look and there's a lot going on
here
and my ankles are pretty skinny so we'll
see how this looks but if there's any
placing get away with wearing an anklet
I feel like it's on holiday
although to be honest if I did get away
with wearing anklets any day of the week
I so would on to shoes okay so the first
pair of picked up were these I am NOT
the biggest lover of flip-flops but I
like something that's really easy to
slip on and off at the pool or on the
beach because I hate like fiddling
around with buckles or tie up straps etc
etc and these look perfect because you
can literally slip your foot in slip
your foot out they're metallic which is
great and I don't remember how much
these were but these are just a sauce I
think I don't really wear heels on
holiday mainly because a lot of the like
little towns and places that you visit
are quite cobbled but there's not a lot
of flat streets so I have gone for a
tiny heel and also I'm loving this whole
like espadrille type vibe but I don't
know that I really like espadrilles so I
feel like I've got a little bit of the
espadrille nurse with this roping around
the side but actually all they are is
like the tiniest little wedge sandals
with buckles so and also they're so
light like so like I don't even feel
like you'll feel as though you're
wearing chunkier shoes so I just thought
they were whoa so I just thought they
would be quite nice for the evening or
if I wanted a tiny bit of added height
without wearing shoes because I read on
to break my neck on holiday I also
picked up these which I think will be
really nice for the evening too you have
a little toe section a lot of people
don't like things between their toes
which I feel you sometimes like I get it
I sometimes I don't either but these
were so pretty and these are ones that
tie up your leg so you tie these there
you go like that and then they tie up
your leg and I just thought they would
be quite pretty with shorts for going
out in the evening I don't know they
were just recal and then these last
shoes were kind of an impulse buy and I
can like here most people like reeling
in horror at them because they're quite
out there I guess but I have this thing
with shoes where it
me now and then I like to wear a pair of
shoes that aren't just an ordinary pair
of shoes and I feel like these go quite
nicely into that category their little
unicorn shoes look how cute these are
but yeah uh how cute are they thank you
that is everything I picked up from a
sauce but let me know in the comments
which things were your favorite and I
will also leave links to everything I
have mentioned where possible in the
description box so if you liked any of
this then check out the links give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
if you prefer to see me trying things on
and I will see you again very very soon
bye
