hello everybody today I am going to be
chatting you through my 8 picks for the
WH Smith zoella book club some of you
may have absolutely no idea what I am
chatting about so if that's the case
then to cut it very very short I have my
own book club exclusive to WH Smith this
means that over the past couple of
months I have been reading non-stop
basically been eating sleeping breathing
reading lots of you may already know how
much I love reading I have always been a
massive massive bookworm you can ask my
mum within the presence I would receive
on my birthday as a child I would always
be far more excited for a book and I
always have my nose in a book and on the
few occasions where I've mentioned a
book in my favorites videos you guys
have really loved hearing my
recommendations I feel like it gets a
conversation started and I just had a
check or knowledge oh she's chewing
something and I have no idea what she's
chewing oh hey I know that a lot of you
guys also share my same love of reading
which is why the book club is possibly
one of the most exciting things I have
done this year because it means I get to
read books and recommend them to you so
I've stuck mainly to the young adult
category in the book club mainly because
I really want to influence and inspire a
lot of young adults such as yourselves
or maybe not maybe you're just like me
and you're 26 and you freaking level yaa
because I love young adult fiction
I just want to inspire more kind of
young people to want to read and these
days everyone is kind of on their phone
on their tablet on their laptop myself
included and I think that's why I really
enjoy reading because I don't know
you're just using your imagination
you're creating these things in your
mind no two people will read the same
book and have the same visions and I
just think that that's amazing and I
just feel like there's a lot of things
that we could all learn from books and I
just I don't know I just want to share
my love of books picking the books
wasn't actually that difficult for me
there was a huge selection but I went
with quite a lot of the books that I had
seen you guys recommend or I'd seen
other people talking about
or ones that looked really interesting
to me or had a story that I could relate
to in some way so I think I have
narrowed this down to eight perfect
books and I'm really happy with my
choices after every book I finished
reading I made notes immediately after
I'd finished it and I've just written
them all up in this book I've got like
four pages of notes so let's get started
side note when I talk about these books
I will not be giving away any spoilers
or at least I will really try not to so
if you're kind of worried about hearing
too much about books don't worry
first book I feel like this will come as
absolutely no surprise to most of you
but it is all the bright places by
Jennifer Niven a lot of you might
remember me talking about this last year
after I had read it but I couldn't do a
book club without including it because I
think it was possibly one of my favorite
books that I read last year and that is
a bold statement to make this book is a
story of two people violet and Theodore
Finch or Finch
as he's also known both very very
different characters both in the same
school both very deeply unhappy violet
is unhappy because she is mourning her
sister who has sadly passed away and
Finch is he's just a very complex
character with a mental illness the two
of them meet and the story starts with
them up on the bell tower of their
school and they are about to jump and
the story follows on from that with them
forming a friendship and showing how the
two very very different people can come
together and really make a difference in
each other's lives and it is so poignant
and amazing and Jennifer tells the story
so well her writing is easy-to-follow
descriptive you feel as though you're
actually there she also writes about
mental illness in a really delicate and
sensitive way and I actually learnt
quite a lot from this book - I feel like
Finch is possibly one of my favorite
characters from all eight books I don't
know why I just felt that he was so
complex and I could really picture him
and there was so much about his
character but I really
warmed to and have I been viola in this
book I feel like I would have reacted in
exactly the same way it's definitely
more of a modern love story it's quite a
twist on the traditional boy meets girl
it definitely feels a lot more real I
feel like so many people will be able to
relate with either violet or Finch in
this story or even if you know someone
who's struggling with suicide or mental
illness I think you will learn a lot
from this book this is definitely a book
that tugs on the old heartstrings and I
sure shed a tear or two it was the sort
of book where after I had finished it I
kind of sat in silence for a while and I
had to kind of take all in and it was
really like oh my goodness like I
carried the weight of the book for a
while and I really wanted to talk to
people about it I would for sure
recommend this to anyone of any age it's
amazing
by the way all books that I am
recommending in this video have
exclusive to WH Smith front covers
especially for the book club so if
you're looking at this and you're like
this book's normally blue why is it
purple if you get it in the book club
indirect Smith they're all different to
the original front covers which I
absolutely love and together they all
look amazing and so pretty
so yeah just worth noting in case you're
looking at them like that's not the book
it is now hey the next book I'm going to
be talking about is we were liars
this is written by E Lockhart and I had
chosen this book based on my friend's
recommendation she said it was really
good I believed her and I was like
sounds good to me I read this I want to
say in one sitting I can't quite
remember if it wasn't one it was
definitely two sittings very easy to
read the storyline see this one's hard
to explain without giving anything away
it's about the privileged Sinclair
family who regularly stay on an island
that they own and it's told from the
point of view of Kady who is a kind of
spoiled rich teenager which I feel like
a lot of people won't like her character
to begin with she definitely warms on
you
and it's basically a tale of friendship
love betrayal and very complex family
life mixed in with lies and truth and
not knowing which is which sounds
confusing you just have to read it I
think that this is quite a jaw-dropping
story and I would advise any of you who
want to read this not to look at any
reviews online and to go in completely
blind when reading this and then it
won't be ruined for you it's unique it's
poetic and it's extremely gripping to
notice it's just one of those books I
feel like everyone should read and then
once you've read it please talk to me
about it because it was one of those
ones where it finished I was like I need
to speak to somebody about this
immediately next book is everything
everything by Nicola Yoon I read this
entire book in one sitting and even on
the front of it Jennifer Niven has put
heart-wrenching I devoured it in one
sitting that is exactly what I did too
i sat and read this I didn't get up to
use the toilet I didn't eat I didn't
drink I just couldn't put this down it
was a complete page-turner
it's about girl named Maddie who is
severely allergic to the world she
hasn't left her house for 17 years she
has only really ever had a close
relationship with her mum and her kind
of family nurse and a guy moves in next
door called
Olli another character who I really
really liked and he wants to try and
find a way to get close to her it is a
great story I really enjoyed this a lot
it's basically a book that explores the
extremes that people will go to when
they're in love or when they think
they're in love and it's so the story is
told so beautifully her descriptions are
amazing you feel as though you're there
I also really love the use of
communication in here there are emails
back and forth because a lot
of their kind of friendship is built on
line as she obviously can't leave the
house and you see that and you see kind
of text messages and little notes that
she writes and images and things she
sketches and also little like nuggets of
Education in there as well which I
really really like I also really love
the ending of this book and again I was
left desperately wanting to talk to
somebody about this so I made my friend
read it so I could so I had someone to
speak to about it because it's so
flippin good I really really enjoyed
this next up is the potion Diaries by
Amy L wood now some of you may recognize
Amy
she is my editor but she's also my
friend and she is also an author herself
and this is her novel potion Diaries
totally not biased
don't go thinking this is unfair I
genuinely love this book and I really
wanted to put it in here because I think
that a lot of you will also enjoy it
it's also a little different from all
the others because it's a bit more
lighthearted and it doesn't have as many
kind of more serious issues in it it
feels like you are transporting into a
magical world when you read this and
that is why I absolutely loved it this
story in summary is about a princess of
Nova and she accidentally poisons
herself with a love potion which was
meant for somebody else which in turn
means she falls in love with her
reflection the nation call a hunt in
order for people to source and find
ingredients in order to cure the
princess before it's too late and that
is where we follow the main character
Samantha whose family are known to be
hugely respected alchemists there's a
little bit of boy drama there's a little
bit of friend drama but the thing I love
most about this book is that it feels so
magical it's kind of like old magic
meets new magic it's fantasy
it's Kings its Queens its palaces its
potions and I really enjoyed it really
really enjoyed it when I'd finish
reading it I was really sad
but I didn't live there I also found
some parts of the story to be quite
gripping and really nail-biting like I
sat on the edge of my seat like but yeah
if you love fantasy and you love um like
that kind of hunger games slash kings
and queens and potions I think you're
really really like this next up is
fangirl by Rainbow Rowell so many of you
told me to read this book I really
enjoyed this so thank you so much for
recommending it to me and now I'm going
to recommend it to lots of you as well
story is about two twins Cass and Reyn
both very very different in character
Cass is a bit more subdued a lot more
quiet a little bit more of an introvert
slightly more geeky love kind of writing
fanfiction and reads books and then
there's her twin sister Ren who is none
of those things and is a lot more
outgoing a lot more feisty a bit more
adventurous and the two of them go off
to college or uni as we say here and the
whole book is centered around the fact
that when they go to college Ren splits
off from cath and it focuses on cath
developing as a person rather than an
extension of her twin sister
I think cath is one of those characters
that a lot of people will be able to
relate to she has so many different
characteristics that even I was like
that is so me like she doesn't like
socializing she doesn't like going to
parties and it's really refreshing kind
of seeing her build on herself as a
character throughout the book and I
really really loved how it ended as well
it touches a lot on twin bonds which I
haven't really read too many books with
twins in and it also touches a little
bit on social anxiety as well I also
think this book is really encouraging
for aspiring writers you kind of follow
Kath on her writing journey and you can
read the fan fictions that she chooses
to write there's a real literature vibe
about this book and I actually found it
to be so inspiring and encouraging and I
think if any of you also loved writing
then you will also find that - I
think rainbow wrote this book
beautifully again really poetic amazing
literature amazing descriptive writing
and also her characters were really
amazing next up is Billy and me by the
gorgeous Giovanna Fletcher now this one
I have been desperate to read so when
this was in the huge box of books I
could pick from I grabbed it straight
away the story is about a young woman
called Sophie Mae who works in her local
tea shop where she is introduced to the
ever so handsome Billy buskin who is a
famous actor who is shooting for a movie
where she lives the two of them
obviously become closer and the story
follows Sophie as she's kind of thrust
into the limelight alongside Billy and
the turmoil that has on their
relationship and all the little hurdles
that she has to get over whilst being
madly in love with this amazing famous
guy I think because there were so many
things in this that I could kind of
relate to in a way and also just little
things like her working in her like
village tea shop like I grew up in a
village so I instantly pictured this
beautiful tiny like Pride and Prejudice
esque village and I loved Sophie Mae as
a character I think she's one of my
favorite female characters across all
eight of these books because she was so
lovable and real and honest and just
really relatable and she was funny and
cute
and she wasn't this kind of perfect
ideal woman I think that's why I was
really drawn to her as a character it's
so romantic it's so dreamy it has its
shocking moments and it has some really
raw kind of very emotional and a bit
heartbreaking moments where you just
want to like scoop her up into your arms
and give her a big hug it was feel-good
light-hearted really captivating and a
really easy read so if any of you want
to live the fantasy of dating someone
famous through a really adorable
character you will you will love this
book next up is the sky
is everywhere by Jandy Nelson this story
is about Lenny who is a 17 year old
young girl who has recently lost her
older slightly more fiery slightly
outgoing sister and you follow her
dealing with that grief and her emotions
and it's pretty much a tale of love and
loss I found this book really insightful
because having never lost anybody close
to me which I'm super thankful for it
was really eye-opening and I felt so sad
for this character you loved her
character you loved all the strange
choices that she makes through grieving
and through being so lost within herself
and you follow her through the book as
she finds herself again I think that she
captured Lenny's family so well in this
because family obviously play a really
important part when your family has lost
someone so close to all of you it's
really interesting to see how that
affects the dynamic of a family and how
it's affected each of them individually
and I really liked that in this story
the family were a key part as to why I
really enjoyed this I think weirdly I
also found myself laughing at parts of
this book there's some really like great
humor rolled into this along with some
real heartbreaking awful parts and I
just think overall it was really good
all-round read and last but by no means
least it is beautiful broken things by
Sarah Barnard now this book is the most
recently finished one for me and this is
a little bit different from the others
because this book focuses solely on
friendship at first I was a bit like ah
no very much I love romance in a book
some people don't I do the story focuses
on the ups and the downs of caddy and
her best friend Rosie's friendship when
Rosie makes a new friend called Suzanne
and how about
of shapes and changes the dynamic
between them and how Susanne influences
the way both girls live their life this
was super easy to read
I loved caddy caddy I feel like as a
character had a lot of me in it I could
really identify with her as a character
there were so many things that she does
and things she says and the way she
behaves in this book I know I mirror a
lot of those behaviors in real life and
it was quite an eye-opener for me when I
read this because I was like oh I do
that and wait I say that sometimes and
it was also really refreshing to read a
story about friendship because pretty
much everyone has a friendship and
friendships can be just as intense and
just as heartbreaking as a love story
and I think that that's why I really
enjoyed this because I think no matter
who you are you will have had issues
with friends or friendship groups or
your best friend making friends of
someone else or issues that might happen
with your friend or things they might be
going through this book also touches a
lot on mental health and abuse as well I
just feel like most people will have a
relationship with a friend that can be
just as upsetting just as devastating
just as complex just as meaningful I
also love this book because it's set in
Brighton so all the little bits that she
was describing and the places they were
and where they were hanging out I
actually can see that so visually and
descriptively I felt like I was really
in this book I felt like I was really
living this book it was really easy to
picture everything that was happening
because obviously I live in Brighton and
just kudos for writing a book based in
Brighton and also just a book full of
amazing things that I think a lot of
people can take away from it if you want
to hear any more about any of the books
that I've just mentioned there will be
review videos every two weeks over on
the WH Smith YouTube and over on their
blog as well WH Smith will also be
providing lots and lots of extra content
over on all their social media staff
they've got
to take overs interviews with authors
book cup nights to discuss the books
what else they've got soundtracks to the
different book titles which i think is
amazing some short stories some extra
chapters and there will also be
competitions and giveaways because
everyone loves a good competition and a
good giveaway I'll leave all the links
down below so that you guys know where
everything is and no one gets confused
I'm really sorry if this video has
rambled on and on and on I'm really
sorry I find it hard to talk about
beauty in a short amount of time let
alone eight entire books that I have
thoroughly enjoyed reading and want to
share with you let me know in the
comments if you are going to be checking
out any of those books if you've already
read them what'd you think of them
without giving anything away of course
because that's just spoiling the fun for
everyone else don't forget to give this
video a thumbs up and as always let me
know any other book recommendations in
the comments anything you've read
recently that you absolutely loved that
you think I will also like all the other
viewers and commenters might also like
and I will see you again very very soon
bye
