got barely any battery ah oh my
battery's running out hell no I have one
here but what are the chances that this
is also dead let's find out let's get
this show on the freakin mother frickin
Road
hello everybody welcome back to my
channel that's my phone let me turn off
ah shut up man today I'm going to be
chatting you through my may favorites
and it actually kind of scares me how
quickly this year has gone already I
don't know if it's just because I'm more
busy than like ever
or because I'm getting older like what's
the deal here I don't know but it's
terrifying I've got quite the selection
of things to get through for you as
always and so I'm gonna get started
first thing I'm going to show you is a
little bit of shameless self promo and
it is these a well a Beauty Sweet
Inspirations rage if you are subscribed
to my second channel you may have
already seen that I posted a video
chatting you through all the new items
that have come out for zoella Beauty
this month they are now available online
or Sony drop that on Nala on super drug
and feel unique website and they will be
in store from next week the 6th of June
so there you go I'm not going to chat
too much about them because I have done
a whole video chatting you through each
product so I will make sure I leave that
in the description box so make sure you
go on over and check it out and if
you've ordered anything already and it's
arrived and you tried it please let me
know what you think I'm just super
excited about it the next thing which is
quite a new thing that I've been
enjoying is this which is the Anastasia
Beverly Hills at Anastasio I'm not
really too sure a lot of people say it
differently contour kit light to medium
and this is the powder contour kit I
believe there is one that is a cream one
also but this is the one I have been
loving I haven't really used the
you highlight shades because it's very
very subtle and I'm not about that
subtle highlight life I like to really
full-on go for it and these just don't
they're not as full-on as I would like
them but if you like to highlight more
for shape rather than like a sheen I
think you'll like these however the
thing I have been using are these three
contour shades because they are perfect
but you've got a really good variation
of different Brown shades they are all
mapped and I just find contouring with
these an absolute dream with my little
Charlotte Tilbury contour brush and I've
been really enjoying it I think the
color I use the most is the one in the
middle I feel like it's their most ashy
I have been really thoroughly enjoying
using this palette I got it on cult
Beauty the next thing I've used a lot
this month is this I was in the shop and
I was picking up the it's the liquid
version of this the makeup remover
I was picking that up and I also have
the oil as well which I really really
like too and it was three for two so I
bought all three in the range including
this and it is the chamomile
sumptuous cleansing butter with
community fair trade can well all skin
types it doesn't really feel like a bomb
it definitely feels as it as I've just
said it feels like a butter I realize
take my hand in it but I really don't
you can kind of see where I've like
gouged out it smells so fresh and subtle
and gorgeous and I just find this really
easy to use I mostly use it as a second
cleanse
so once I've already removed my makeup
with an oil I will then use this to just
cleanse my skin but also it does work
really well as a makeup remover too and
I don't feel like I'm really tugging at
my eyes I don't feel like it's difficult
to use so I would HIGHLY highly
recommend this the actual consistency of
it is what I think makes me love it so
much because as it says on here it's
like
butter and it's it's really not a
consistency of any other product I've
used before and it just feels really
indulgent and soft it leaves my skin
feeling so soft and you almost just want
to be like I'll never touch your skin
with your hands dirt hands dirty face
clean not great mixture but my skin was
really really soft
it's really inexpensive really easy to
get hold of and I also feel like it's a
really good amount like this is pretty
compact for travel it's not as big and
bulky as my Emma Hardy bomb perfect for
travel really easy to use really easy to
wipe away leaves the skin feeling
amazing and it's for all skin types I
have two Body Shop favorites in this
month's video the next thing is this now
this is a new range by the body shop and
I was possibly be most excited for this
Center and then I have been for a body
shop release since the Mohito range and
it is the body shop penita colada fresh
body sorbet with pineapple and coconut
extracts from the Caribbean I freaking
love pineapple scents and coconut sense
especially in summer coconut sense just
reminded me of summer because of suntan
lotion and just being in the Sun and
going on holiday so when this came out I
was so excited because it is one of my
favorite scents oh it smells like a pina
colada and if you like pina coladas and
getting caught in the rain you're going
to freaking love this sorry I had to a
hat to the sorbets I have actually put
in a favorites before quite a while ago
so sorbet is a really different feel to
a normal moisturizer it's light it's
fresh it feels cooling on the skin it
still moisturizes but it does it in what
I feel is a different way if you have
really really dry skin I just don't
think you're going to like this if you
like to just kind of top-up with
moisturizer and moisturizing your body
is a bit of a chore I know there's so
many of you out there that are gonna
agree with me that it is because I
freaking hate moisturizing my body this
will be your new best friend because it
doesn't have that same feeling
as a moisturizer as like a lotion or a
butter it's really light and it's really
fresh and it sinks in super quickly but
I don't think gives the same feeling of
moisturizing as a lotion or a butter so
it completely depends on the sort of
thing you like I know so many people who
probably wouldn't like this because they
love that feeling of their skin feeling
really quenched and hydrated next thing
I have been loving are these these are
the Barry M molten metal nail paints the
one I've actually had on my nails I
can't find because I've obviously been
applying it and leaving it around the
house but this is a new addition to
Barry M I haven't seen these before and
they are so beautiful and they literally
look like molten metal on your nails I
love them there's this gold one and this
one which is a really deep copper and
then there's one that's more of a rose
gold which is the one that I have been
wearing on my nails I really like Barry
MS formulation they don't last as long
as some other kind of more expensive
formulations of nail polish like OPI or
or se but for the price which is flippin
good really inexpensive these are
brilliant like you just can't go wrong
with a Barry M nail polish and now that
they have molten metal shades I'm just
so happy I love these next up is an NYX
liquid suede now you guys know that I
found a NYX counter and n works counter
in my local boots and it was huge and
the next time I went in it was like bees
around a honeypot there was so many
people around the NYX counter but I was
like oh crap it's all going to be gone
damn it um but I managed to like wet
Wingull my wet bangle my away in Wingull
my way in weave my way in what did I
weigh in I managed to wiggle my way in
maybe I think that's what I'm going for
and I noticed that they had a line of
these these are the NYX liquid suede 's
essentially a liquid lipstick now you
guys know how much I love my colour-pop
liquid lipsticks I have actually ordered
some Kylie Jenner ones but I ordered
them in April and I still don't have
them so I
don't really know what's happened there
so I can't compare them to the Kylie
Jenner lip liquid lipsticks but I flip
in love a liquid lipstick so it was only
common sense to me to try these ones I
really love the consistency of these
they go on really creamy but they set
quite matte and they don't feel heavy or
really dry on your lips which i think is
one thing that possibly puts quite a lot
of people off of a liquid lipstick
because they do kind of crack and they
are quite heavy and I just feel like
this is not heavy at all and I think
it's the formulation so it says it's a
cream lipstick rather than a liquid
lipstick but it still has that same
matte effect and I can still layer it
and it doesn't crack off and it comes
off nicely and it wears nicely and I
really like the color so I've got it on
now and it is the color 0 7 moving on to
food I have quite a lot of food in this
one I don't normally but I appear to
have collected a little pile of things
I've got my really not that healthy to
my a lot healthier bounties I feel like
there's a bit of a coconut vibe going on
in this video
I've always loved bounties it's just
that my love for them has been rekindled
for any of you that are watching and you
don't know what a bounty is it's
essentially really creamy coconut with a
chocolate shell that's it really it's a
bar of coconut with chocolate on it and
I've been obsessed with them so I just
thought I would put them in this video
another thing I've been obsessed with
are these and they are the McVitie's
digestive nibbles these are the caramel
ones that they also have dark chocolate
double chocolate and milk chocolate and
it's really lame that I know that isn't
it and that just goes to show how many
bags of these I've eaten in the last
month or so they're essentially little
balls of digestive biscuit with the
coating around the outside but they're
so easy to eat you're just sat there you
just pop one in pop one and it's not
like eating a biscuit
it doesn't make as much mess there's no
crumb ease in the bed which everyone
hates crumb ease in the bed and they're
just I don't know genius I love them
great for on-the-go as well slightly
healthier I really like these these are
the urban fruit just fruit gently baked
perfect pineapple no messing so these
are just pineapples just the pineapples
with a sprinkling of rice flour to
prevent stickiness little bits of
pineapple there is a lot of pineapple
and coconut in this video we got some of
these in sourced box last month
so I reordered them coconut slightly
healthier than bounty I also have been
really enjoying toasted coconut chips
these ones are with sea salt but I I
don't know I've just been really
oppressive coconut this month can I just
say coconut my may favorites is coconut
really nice again great as a snack any
time of day
healthy delicious not if you don't like
coconut though two other things I have
been loving before I end the video
the first one is Zara I love Zara is a
great shop they always have some great
things in there but at the moment it is
jam-packed with too many things that I
really want to buy so I just thought I
would mention that to you because
there's always that kind of awkward time
in shops where there's a bit of like
ultimi wintry and there's like bikinis
and it's and it's kind of like I don't
really know if I want to be buying for
like winter or if want to be buying for
spring and summer and you guys aren't
making it any easier here but I feel
like Zara have got it spot-on it's just
there's just some really amazing things
in there and I've had a few shops in
there recently this top is actually from
Zara it's really pretty I like it and
the last thing I want to chat you about
is an app but I am super obsessed with
what's it actually called I think it's
just called one second everyday yes
so it's called one second everyday and
it's an app that my friend Maddie
introduced me to about four weeks ago
and you basically record a second every
single day and you upload it into this
app and it kind of plays it through for
you kind of like a visual diary and I
really like that it only captures one
second out of a whole day even though I
do things like vlogging and snapchat and
everything else that documents my life
it's quite nice to just have all these
little tiny snippets of a day I'm super
excited after a year to watch it back
and I'm thinking of even making it into
a video at the end of the year or
something just for you guys to watch put
it to a bit of music and it's also just
a really nice diary really so I am
really really enjoying that app I do it
every single day I haven't missed a day
yet and it's been like four week four
and a half weeks and I'm really proud of
myself because I can never normally keep
things like this up and I have I will
leave links to everything I have
mentioned in the description box thank
you so much for watching as always I
love you guys a lot a lot a lot and let
me know what you've been loving this
month let me know if you've purchased
anything in the Sweet Inspirations range
and I will see you again very very soon
oh give it a video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it as always makes me happy
thank you
