you
you
Oh
hello everybody when spring starts
rolling around and the Sun starts making
a bit more of an appearance than usual
we are living in the UK after all then I
feel like picnics are the most exciting
thing ever
besides a barbecue which I am also
accustomed to everyone loves a barbecue
I feel like picnics are so fun and easy
and I know I just really like a picnic
so I decided to try and do the most epic
picnic I have ever done now you guys
know by now that I never do anything
half-assed so when I decided that I
wanted to do a picnic at the weekend I
ramped up a little bit I scoured
Pinterest for any cute ideas I looked at
recipes food ideas decoration ideas and
myself and poppy went to town obviously
most of you may know a picnic as a
blanket food and a field and I mean that
is pretty much all you need in order to
have a successful picnic you don't need
to go as extreme as I did but we had so
much fun setting up we had so much fun
at the actual picnic and I honestly
think it was one of my favorite days so
far this year if you have a celebration
coming up it's someone's birthday
someone's graduated an end of exams
party or you just know that there's a
really sunny weekend coming up and lots
of you and your friends are all free and
you want to do something then I feel
like it gives you the perfect excuse to
go that little bit more crazy and
creative with how you set your picnic up
we decided we wanted to do a tree pea
I've called it this I don't actually
know if it's called a tree pea but it's
a teepee suspended in a
and all I did for that it looks really
complicated but I promise you it was
actually really easy
I ordered 10 to 15 meters of plain white
fabric from Amazon I guess it really
depends on how thick the material is and
what material you want to buy but it
really wasn't that expensive and I can
reuse this for multiple things to be
honest you could also use bed sheets
blankets you don't have to buy fabric
especially to do this I mean it's kind
of like making an adult day let's be
honest you want to find a location that
has a good tree if you want to do a tree
P you need a decent tree some trees have
like horizontal branch coming off of
them which would be perfect because then
you can just sling the fabric over the
branch if it's not too high and kind of
create your tepee from there the tree we
had it it wasn't quite perfect enough
for that so we actually just used a
hollow pole and we fed string through it
so we created like a loop and we tied
the pole around the tree so it was kind
of hanging and then we draped the fabric
over the pole that sounds really
complicated but there's lots and lots of
pictures on my blog which I will
obviously link below and where you can
kind of see how that's created the shape
you also don't need to do a tree P if
you don't want to I just thought it
looked really cool and after we've done
that we decorated it we have out in fact
I've got some things here because I'm a
bit of a party fanatic ie I love to
throw people parties not go to them
necessarily I actually already have like
a stash of like paper decorations and
things like this came in so useful for
the picnic because they're so easy to do
they're so easy to set up and they're
also really easy to attach in a tree
making it look super super pretty and
cute and of course if there's a theme to
your picnics if it's someone's birthday
party you can kind of tailor these a
little bit more to the person maybe you
could have some happy birthday bunting I
feel like it's kind of all about
personal preference really I decided I
wanted to make this more of a picnic
party because
most picnics I feel like are an
afternoon occasion I really love that
kind of cozy element of like the candles
and the fairy lights and the evening
just kind of was more fitting for that
day so we did our picnic from like
started our picnic at about 5:00 or 6:00
p.m. and I really liked that time
because you get the lovely like sunlight
but you also get that really nice like
ambient like sunset and then you have
the darkness which if you're not scared
of like being out in a field at night or
you know out in right in the back of
your garden then it doesn't really
matter but make sure you take torches
because we did not take torches setting
up too thick in the daylight is fun and
it's fine and it's easy trying to take
apart a picnic in complete darkness was
slightly more difficult so we took
candles we took fairy lights
obviously battery-operated fairy lights
unless you have a power supply nearby in
which case you could go fairy like crazy
we had like candle lanterns and we just
made it really kind of ambient and cozy
and it looked really cool and it just
felt so nice because the evening was
warm however I would advise you to
obviously take blankets to sit on inside
your tree pee but I also took a couple
of blankets that could be used as like
cover-ups and Shores in case it got a
little bit more chilly in the evenings
always make sure you have a big enough
picnic basket to be able to take food
plastic cutlery glasses drinks plates
any like serving ware I used some slate
boards some wooden boards and things to
sort of lay food out on sissors
don't forget scissors because if you're
opening all these packets and you have
no way of actually tearing them open or
cutting bits of like paper or cutting
string you're screwed bin bags always
remember to take bin bags to a picnic
because there will be packaged
in wrappers any leftover food that
nobody wants to take home it's always
important to take at least some form of
rubbish bag because you also don't want
to be leaving anything behind if you're
doing this in a public space matches no
point having candles if you don't have
matches to light said candles the amount
of times I've been to picnics or like
garden parties and there's no way of
lighting any candles and everyone just
ends up sitting in the dark like using
their phone torches like whoo you also
might want to take with you some napkins
and some wet wipes because you never
know what might get spilt you might get
sticky fingers and if you don't have
access to a sink what you're gonna do
when it came to food I feel like with a
picnic a lot of the time if there's a
big group of you going you can all
decide who's bringing what and it really
depends on what time of the day as well
because if you're doing more of like a
brunch picnic then obviously the food
might be slightly different if you're
doing a lunch picnic it could be
different if you're doing a dinner
picnic like we did it might also be
slightly different I really wanted to do
a cheese board because it was kind of
like more of an evening time and we had
things like her most like dips and I
mean picnic food is um known as being
cold and nibbly bits and things that are
quite easy to kind of spoon and eat like
pasta salads potato salads coleslaw
quiches lots and lots of bits and pieces
like that which you can prepare yourself
of course but we didn't prepare
everything ourselves we probably
prepared quite a few bits she made two
salads
I made some fruit kebabs because they're
super fun and super easy and poppy also
made um some ice lollies make sure
you've got freezer bag if you're
planning on taking anything frozen but
generally I feel like picnics are quite
nibble a bit so we took a little trip to
Marks & Spencer and we basically just
went round and took everything from that
like new summer range
didn't sponsored by M&S by the way they
just have a lot of really amazing picnic
food in right now so we got like crisps
and dips and fruit and just lots and
lots of lovely little bits and pieces
and it was just the most amazing spread
of food you have ever seen and I just
wanted to eat all of it our eyes were
certainly bigger than our tummies and
there wasn't quite enough of us to
finish everything but we took empty
Tupperware boxes with us so that we
could take any food we couldn't eat home
and you know eat it another time
entertainmentwise now I know you don't
really need any more entertainment than
your friends because generally if you
have good company then everyone's happy
and you don't need anything else
but one thing that I will say is vital
for any picnic is a wireless Bluetooth
speaker I don't know what make this one
is it's an LG musicflow I got this on
from John Lewis but there are so many
that you can get and they're just the
best thing ever I feel like a picnic
isn't isn't as good as it could be
without a little bit of music just to
set the scene gives it a bit more revive
and there's nothing worse especially if
you're doing in the evening when it gets
darker there's nothing worse than just
no noise like no sound it kind of gets a
little creepy and even with music on at
one point we all got a little bit scared
I can't remember why I think we were
really all overthinking every noise we
could hear but yeah music essential
another thing I took along with me just
for the memories and because I love it
it's my little Fujifilm camera you can
take instant snaps and I took a lot of
really nice pictures that day and I
really really loved them and it was just
nice to have because lots of people were
kind of using it and taking turns
I also took a couple of like small
compact like card games like there was I
could guess the song
I also took one game that I think was
called awkward bag of note bag of
awkward questions or something
the sort of thing you see on YouTube
challenges that was really fun as well
and it just gives it a little bit more
especially if it's for a party or
something or a birthday and you want to
add like an element of like games into
it I think that that's that's also
really fun if you're doing this big
style and you've got quite a lot to take
with you the decorations the cutlery the
food you're going to need more than a
picnic basket although it does depend
how big your picnic basket is I guess
but we also carried things in cardboard
boxes and then we used those cardboard
boxes as like tables to put drinks on to
put things in we weren't using we always
had something to put something in and I
think that was really useful too we used
one of the boxes as a main like table
inside the teepee and that went down
really really well I feel like you can
even step this up a notch and do a
barbecue like a portable barbecue at the
picnic that would just be epic maybe
when the Sun is really out when summers
when summer is in full swing I think
that definitely needs to be done I'm
already like desperate to do this again
it was so much fun I know we weren't
kind of OTT but I don't do things in
halves so going OTT it was the only
option for me and I had so much fun and
I'm so glad that we put so much effort
into it and it turned out to be such a
lovely evening
Naomi came Marc came Shawn was there
poppy was there and it was just so
lovely so so nice and I definitely want
to do it again I really hope this video
has given you a little bit of picnic
inspiration giving you some ideas make
sure to check out my blog and also
Poppy's blog she's in a blog post she
also wrote up how she made her
elderflower ice lollies which were
absolutely delicious and I've written
lots lots more about the picnic the
setup the location everything you need
to know about how we did the picnic over
on the blog so I will link everything it
down below I will also leave links to
everything that
you may have seen in the really cute
little montage at the beginning the
blankets the lanterns everything that I
can find online I will leave in a link
in the description box so make sure to
check that out if you want to find out
any more information and yeah this does
a little bit of a different video for me
but I kind of want to do these for like
Halloween parties Christmas parties
birthday parties I literally love doing
things like this I love planning parties
planning food for the parties planning
the decorations I get really really into
it and I know that my mum was exactly
the same because mine and my brothers
parties were always so much fun and she
always put so much effort into it and
I'm clearly taking after her in that
sense because I even threw a party for
my dog's first birthday so it's
definitely gonna go downhill from here
isn't it oh my kids that don't exist yet
just don't know what they've got
themselves in for so yeah if you want me
to do these up for like I said Halloween
Christmas I know that those things are
quite far away but trust me these things
take a little world to plan and you got
to get on the Pinterest and start
looking for some great ideas then give
the video a thumbs up if you like this
type of thing and let me know in the
comments I would also absolutely love to
see any of your pictures if any of
you're planning on doing any picnics or
going to any picnics or even if you do
something slightly different that you
think I might like then let me know and
show me your pictures on Twitter and
Instagram as always hope you've had an
amazing weekend guys and I will see you
very very soon bye whoops
kick the tripod
