hello everybody today I am going to be
doing a Q&A because you guys love them I
love filming them and I think that makes
for a great all-round video words use
them I went to Twitter and I asked you
guys to ask me lots of questions using
the hashtag asked Sawalha
as I always do and you gave me some
lovely questions so I'm going to go
through and answer them for you
I have a twitchy eye apologies for the
Twitter I will you ever grow your hair
long again love you
love you too don't know your name every
time I watch back old vlogs I'm like oh
I hate my long hair like I haven't
really seen many pictures of me with
long hair where I've actually thought it
looked nice isn't that weird because I
had it for so long and really liked it
yeah when I look back at it now I'm like
I just don't it doesn't look good you
know so no I'm not planning on growing
it I think if I ever want a day with
long hair or I fancy having long hair
for a bit I think extensions work
wonders because they're so thick and
lovely it doesn't have that same effect
as actual natural hair that gets a bit
thin and straggly at the bottom which is
for sure what might look like so I think
if I ever got bored of short hair I
could just put extensions in and I think
that that would probably look better
than my hair ever did um but no I don't
miss my long hair so I'm not planning on
growing it anytime seen scroll down your
camera roll three times and click on a
random picture then explain the picture
ok scroll down three times
you mean scroll up Oh scroll down but
the pictures go up 1 2 3 picture I'm
tapping and nothing's happening oh it's
just a selfie that's boring I'll do
another one
ah ok this is a photo I will insert it
here this photo is from the other night
when I was at poppy and Sean's house
with Alfie and we were having like a
film night and we got a takeaway
and after your poppy fell asleep on me
and Shawn took this photo of me
underneath them loving life not being
able to move do you have any tips on how
to get more confident in situations
where you have to be social with
strangers
see sometimes I'm good at this and
sometimes I'm bad at this it completely
depends on how I feel confidence wise if
I'm feeling particularly confident that
day I don't find it as difficult if I
have a low self-esteem or I'm feeling
quite insecure that day I shrivel up
inside myself keep my head down and I
don't want to speak to anyone I find
everything awkward and uncomfortable so
I think my first point would be if it's
at a party or it's at a meeting or it's
an interview or it's a place that you
haven't been before or it's like you
know an event situation I would say like
really pamper yourself take a bit longer
picking out your outfit like feel good
in yourself
I'm a well-put-together person I can do
this I always say like makeup is amazing
because it just gives people that little
bit more confidence that they might not
have had before and I feel like this
kind of works in the same way just I
don't know it just boosts your
confidence a little bit so I think spend
a little bit longer on you and do the
things that you know will make you feel
better about yourself and to make you
feel more confident I think that will
make everything just a little bit easier
because oops because you will kind of
own the room a little bit more another
thing that I can sometimes find quite
difficult when meeting new people or
being in a room with lots of new people
in it and a lot of the time when I'm in
that situation a lot of people want to
actually speak to me that sounds really
big-headed but I just mean it in a way
that like if it's an event or something
people that I work with or they want to
introduce me to people a lot of the time
I know people are going to want to speak
to me so I have had to kind of put these
things into practice and I think I have
this thing
where I start to feel uncomfortable and
I start to like I start to picture me
having the conversation with somebody
from like an outsider it's like I'm not
really there it's like I'm watching it
happen and it just feels awkward so I
think being engaged in a conversation
don't necessarily worry about the fact
that this is a new person and don't
worry about the judgment or what will
they think of me I need to make sure I
say the right things I think it's good
to maybe have a couple of questions that
you like to ask people or find out their
interests just be a bit more involved in
the conversation because a lot of the
time if you're kind of holding back and
it's very how you oh great heart yeah
and you're kind of already thinking
about how to find your friend because
it's more comfortable you're never going
to enjoy that conversation you really
need to think of a couple of questions
that you would find really interesting
to find out about a new person getting
to know new people it's a lovely thing
to do and I think the more you kind of
worry about it the more the more of like
a bad connotation it has and I think
trying to make the positive out of
meeting new people is always the best
way another thing I also think is quite
good is if you take somebody that you
feel comfortable with with you and talk
as a three to start with as long as you
challenge yourself a little bit and make
sure you're asking questions too and
you're not leaving it up to your friend
and I think that way it's kind of a
win-win for everyone because the new
person is also meeting your friend your
friend is also meeting the new person
and the three of you are getting
involved in a conversation and when you
feel more comfortable with that you can
then do that on your own will you ever
do a video on why you don't drink
alcohol and has it ever caused you a
problem or could you say now cry
laughing face I will say now I don't
really mind and I don't really have a
reason why I don't drink alcohol
I just don't I've never really been into
it I don't really like the taste of
Eddie it kind of weirds me out the
something you drink can
change your behavior and a lot of the
control you have over yourself and I
think somewhere inside of me that's a
really terrifying thing and it also is
quite terrifying for me to watch that
happen to other people I'm normally the
sober one who makes sure everyone gets
home okay and I don't know like I think
for a while it was kind of intertwined
with my anxiety so I kind of just
haven't really ever done it I'm not
opposed to a cocktail every now and then
I'm not like super like anti alcohol I
just don't really drink I much prefer a
mocktail to be honest who's the last
person you text and what does the text
say the last text I sent was to my
friend Jay and I said yes of course and
then a little dis face and a heart I put
sorry I thought I'd reply to you haha
can't wait to see you I'm so bad with
replying to people I literally went on
he sent me a text today and I was like
oh my god I thought I'd replied to his
previous text turns out I had I'm
terrible with communication I just can't
do it call me up actually no even then
I'm really bad answering my phone I also
pretty much at the same time as that
text mark a picture of my legs which I
had faked hand and I put oops
cry laughing faith because they look
really Orange the good job you can see
my legs right now if you could speak any
other language what would it be I feel
like I'm I've answered this already
or maybe not I can't remember but I
think it would either be French because
I just feel like it's such a beautiful
language and it sounds really beautiful
and I've also I've also got a little bit
of knowledge on French because I've done
it in school and stuff or Italian
because again it just sounds amazing
when people speak Italian or any
language to be honest it just sounds so
good and I actually really hate myself a
little bit for stopping my French
lessons because I really enjoyed them
and now if I went to France I feel like
I would be able to understand a small
fraction of what someone was saying to
me I probably won't be able to
communicate back and I sure would be
able to fully reply which
is so frustrating and sad because I did
it from like the age of nine to the age
of sixteen and I don't know where any of
that knowledge has gone it's just gone
although it is never too late to learn a
language I like this one what is your
least favorite thing in your house in
terms of rooms the kitchen is probably
my least favorite room because I feel
like it has so many design flaws I'm
getting way too like into this and I um
the least favorite thing in my house I
don't know I kind of love most of my
house I guess hmm the fact that it has
no storage and that every single small
storage room was turned into a toilet
before we moved in possibly I don't
really know there's no like items in the
house that I don't particularly like
because I picked them all do you ever
think that YouTube was a bad idea um no
I never think it was a bad idea it
enabled me to do so much just given me
so many amazing opportunities it's led
me to have an amazing audience amazing
viewers and supporters and readers and
I've never thought it was a bad idea at
all
never even though there are for sure
been some things that I found pretty
difficult and I never thought it would
get to this point in a million years um
I've never considered the fact that I
probably shouldn't have done it ever Tom
bees have barged into your room the
thing on your left is your weapon what
is it well a plant do you think that
would go down well excuse me Nala stop
packing yeah make eye contact no she
doesn't listen to me she only listens to
Alfea when I tell her off he's like okay
can you call mark and pretend that you
accidentally lost Nala and and you're
afraid to tell Alfie he's not I mean I
can try he's for sure not gonna believe
me at all
hello hello are you like aa slight issue
can you talk or are you busy
yeah I'm just heading out on getting
home fun you're right
uh not really knowledge like gone
she ran out the door I know I don't know
what to do like I don't know we've been
looking for her we wait for it to come
back like what am I gonna tell him jack
and then just justify do you not think I
would be like crying my eyes out I love
Nala Oh bless you love oh my god oh my
god divine and help you I'm gonna get
you back you know okay
all right II love you bye in all
seriousness if not I actually did do
that I would be sobbing I would be an
absolute mess if she ran out the door
because that is my biggest fear having a
dog is that she is gonna run out into
the road right that is enough of that I
hope you guys have enjoyed this Q&A give
it a thumbs up if you did and if you
enjoyed it and if you haven't a great
week or a great week and I love you very
much and I'll see you again very soon
Oh
