hello everyone today I am going to be
chatting you through my April favorites
firstly I want to say two things it's
actually really hot today so I have the
window open so I do apologize if you
hear dogs barking kids screaming or men
banging hammers second thing I want to
apologize for is if you catch a glimpse
of my orange armpit I have a little bit
of a fake tan mishap going on in my pit
region and I just thought it would be
the best day to wear a top that does
this and shows my armpit like this one's
fine this one
mm not so much so I have it orange
armpit so if you catch sight of that
which you probably wouldn't have noticed
if I hadn't have pointed out to you but
now that you have noticed it I apologize
for the orange jumper first thing is
this which is the Clinique take the day
off cleansing oil I have tried the
Khaliq take the day off balm and I
didn't get on with it as well I really
wanted to like it because I've heard so
many amazing things from a lot of
different people about it I'm very used
to using something like the Emma bar
Emma bar me Emma Hardy cleansing balm
which I feel like is a lot softer in
consistency so I didn't find myself
rubbing my eyes too much with that one
but when I use the Clinique one it is a
slightly firmer texture so I found that
I was rubbing too hard so I just think
my eyes didn't like it just didn't get
on with it since I'd been using the
tatah Harper cleansing oil to remove
makeup I've basically fallen in love
with using oils to take my makeup off at
the end of the day so I wanted to give
this one a try I can't remember when I
ordered this possibly January February
time from the John Lewis website
actually and I love it I am obsessed
with it I use this every single night to
remove my makeup I find it really easy
to use the makeup literally just melts
away and I don't know I've just really
enjoyed it really really liked it it
just makes it so easy and for me taking
my makeup off isn't my favorite part of
my skincare regime so anything that
makes it that little bit more enjoyable
or that little bit
nicer is a bonus I've been trying to
convert people to this so that then
extends to you guys because it's just a
really good product really really good
product on to make up I feel like you
guys will have seen a half of this
already because I have been vlogging a
lot and using these products and I've
mentioned two of these products in a
couple of videos but the first thing is
this
it's the Too Faced is it called sweet
yeah sweet peach color I've just been
using this like every single day since
I've had it I love pretty much every
color in here there's so many variations
it smells of peaches there's nothing not
to love about this palette and I have
seen this actually in debenhams so if
you have a Debenhams near you and you
want to try and grab this I've seen
loads in stock well place sure have them
in the devlins in the Brighton store
anyway so but I just I don't know I just
love to face a shadows they blend well
they last well the colors are gorgeous
really vibrant I just have no complaints
absolutely no complaints and as I said
in a previous video I will be taking
this on my holidays with me another
thing by Too Faced
is this which I've also shown in a video
and on my vlog channel and it is the Too
Faced sparkling Bellini blush this is
just gorgeous it makes you look like you
have this really healthy sunkissed kind
of glow to your cheeks I'm wearing it
today I really like it blends
beautifully um it's it's kind of three
different shades but I kind of just
swirl my brush around in that and kind
of just pop it on my cheekbone but yeah
love it love it another thing I've also
mentioned and I even think in the videos
like this is for sure gonna end up in my
favourites because I could just tell is
this which is the urban decay afterglow
highlighter which says it lasts for
eight hours I can't say I've actually
tested that theory I mean I put it on in
a day but I don't I'm not one of these
people that kind of checks checks my
makeup throughout the day once I've done
it I kind of just leave it and then I'll
mostly just catch that
myself in like a reflection or in a
mirror in a shop and I'm like oh my god
I need to sort my makeup out but I don't
know whether this last eight hours
basically moral of the story and it is
in the color fireball and it's just so
full stuck a finger in it it's just so
pretty again I have it on today
it looks peachy in the pan but actually
it has this really gorgeous iridescent
pink tone to it which really accentuates
your cheekbones and reminds me of my
all-time faves Dale oddities blush so if
you love that or you really like a very
baby pink iridescent highlighters on
your cheekbones then I would for sure
give this a try I guess it's not really
very natural to have pink as a
highlighter shade and I can see why some
people wouldn't want to do that but I
personally really like it it's pretty
much like a highlighter and a blush in
one to be honest
next thing that I've been wearing quite
a lot and a lot of you have been asking
me what it is that I've been wearing on
my lips so much I don't actually have it
on today but I have been wearing it a
lot is the Clarins lip liner in the
color Oh - nude beige I've just been
wearing that oh it's completely blunt
I've just been wearing this over my
entire lips so lining my lips and then
completely filling them in and leaving
it and I love it I think it's just this
shade I'm going to sneeze oh no it's
like tickling in the back of my nose but
I don't know if I'm gonna actually
sneeze
come on nope sneezes gone it's kind of
like a nudey Brown and I have for sure
come to realize that I'm much prefer
before
I'm much before I much prefer matte
shades on my lips whether that's a
bright color or a nude I much prefer
something to be matte I just think it
suits me better and it also lasts longer
um and yeah I've just been really really
loving this it's a really lovely color
and it's a really lovely consistency
lasts really well and I don't feel like
I have just a lip line
on my lips because lip liners can be
quite drying I just don't find that this
is that drying so definitely check that
out if you are after a newly brown shade
for your lips
two more lip items what why do I have so
many lip items today I've been really in
like really enlightening I've been
really and liking you I've been really
enjoying the Knicks or NYX soft matte
lip creams now if you do watch my vlogs
sorry I'm plugging my vlog so much I
will leave a link in the description box
if any of you don't watch them but I was
recently shopping in my local boots in
Brighton and they had this huge NYX
stand which I swear hasn't always been
there and if it has I'm blind
but they had so many things when
whenever I watch any American youtubers
who have really easy access to NYX I'm
so jealous
because the products look so cool and so
exciting and it's just that typical
thing of you really want what you can't
have
so when I saw the NYX counter I was so
excited slightly frustrating though
because I did actually leave my purse at
home and me and poppy were shopping with
Shaun poppy is Alfie sister in case
you're confused and Shaun is her
boyfriend I have to keep remembering
that not everybody that watches these
videos knows the complete ins and outs
of my life um and Shaun was the only one
who had his wallet so he was like don't
worry I'll get it and you could pay me
back but I was completely like
restrained and I was like no no I'll
just get two I'll just get two of these
I'm gonna have to go back and have
another look but I picked up this one
which is the shade Copenhagen which is a
really beautiful dark kind of purply
brown colour the colour that you guys
know I absolutely love and I also picked
one up that was pink as well
I have no idea where that is it's living
life in the bottom of my handbag
somewhere but these are so cool I really
really like them I love the consistency
and I love the feel of them they don't
feel like a liquid lipstick they feel
very similar in consistency to these
Revlon Ultra HD matte lip colors they
sort of feel like
like like air like you're putting a
mousse on your lips and I really like it
it doesn't feel heavy which I think
quite a lot of liquid lipsticks can feel
obviously they are not as pigmented and
opaque and they don't last as long I
have found these don't last as long but
they also wear really well they don't
leave your lips looking patchy or flakey
they kind of just fade quite nicely in
color so I really really rate these and
I'm going to have to go back and find
some more for sure this next thing is
something that I have been wanting to
put in a favourites for like the past
three months and I keep forgetting and
it is the first aid ultra Repair
intensive lip balm this stuff has saved
my lips II I would say it's most similar
consistency to the NYX lip lip balm lip
treatment um it's it's very thick so if
you hate thick lip balm or lip salve or
lip treatment then you won't like this
but I have found this to be really great
I put it on just before I go to bed and
I wake up in the morning and it's still
on my lips and my lips feel ten times
better than they did 12 hours prior so I
I don't know I just really like it I've
used quite a lot actually I've made I've
made quite a dent
I'm not saying something because bombs
like this very rarely ever look like
they've been used I guess the only thing
I will say is if you really hate putting
your finger into a lip product and
putting it on your lips you probably
won't like this but I just kind of rub
it in I just feel like it I don't know
it's so thick and like moisturizing but
it doesn't really bother me so much it's
not sticky it's just balmy you know I
actually have two cents today
two cents sounds like I have to in
America two cents I have two fragrances
that I really want to share with you
this month both on very opposite sides
of the spectrum on the slightly lower
end or much much lower end is my zoella
beauty let's
it's fav favorites fragrance body mist I
can't speak today I do apologize I have
been using this pretty much the past two
months because I just I freaking love it
like if any of you haven't smelt this
yet please do I really really like it
obviously otherwise I wouldn't sell it
like I I do find for me the hardest part
of doing any new beauty range is picking
the fragrance I feel like I'm quite
picky with fragrances and it means a lot
but I like it and that you guys are
going to like it
but this one just I don't know I think
I've been wearing it a lot more recently
because it was being developed and made
this time last year it was kind of ready
to come out and it reminds me of summer
last year and it just brings back so
many amazing memories and all the like
exciting meetings and it's also really
strongly scented for a mist generally
mists are a lot weaker in scent than a
perfume or an Eau de Toilette but this
is a mist and it's super strong smells
really like fresh and fruity and I love
it in case you aren't familiar this came
out with a range called
tutti frutti and there's a scrub and a
body lotion and a shower gel and lots of
other bits and pieces and they will be
gradually being replaced by a new and
very exciting launch that I have coming
up super soon in brackets stay tuned and
all my social media for like sneak peeks
and little bits and pieces because I'm
so excited to share that with you but I
am keeping tight-lipped for now but that
new collection will slowly be kind of
taking over the tutti-frutti range so if
you do love the tutti frutti range go
out and grab your favorite bits and
pieces now because from this from the
end of this month onwards it will be it
will be leaving the shelves and it will
be being replaced by a new and exciting
one but still I know that a lot of you
have your heart really set on the tutti
fruitti range so I would hate for you to
just walk in though under and be like
where's that scrub gun get it now get it
now however this will be staying
if you love the scent and you love the
mist which I know a lot of you do you
will still be able to purchase this so
don't fret too much it's just mostly the
body stuff that you'll have to grab now
if you still want it
the next fragrance is a Joe Malone
fragrance now I know these are a little
out of some people's price range but
they are very very luxury amazing
quality perfumes this one is the mimosa
and cardamom I recently went on a little
shopping trip and I was in the Jo Malone
store in blue water and a really lovely
lady was helping us I've forgotten her
name now which makes me feel so bad
because I think there's nothing nicer
than complimenting somebody on their
customer service because all too often
and having worked in retail myself it's
very easy for people to complain when
they aren't happy with something but not
enough people praise and compliment it
is frustrating that people are so quick
to talk about the things they hate all
the things that they didn't like but not
all too often they will compliment
somebody on their customer service or a
great experience in retail so do that
more often guys I want you to all try at
least at least do that once
Alfie's really good at that actually
really good at that anyway we had a
lovely lady in Joe Malone who I've
forgotten her name when that really
annoyed me I'm half tempted to see if I
can rummage through my bag and find the
receipt but they were all really lovely
in there and she was kind of telling me
a little bit more about Joe Malone and
how you can mix sense because I already
own quite a few Joe Malone cents because
they are beautiful and they also last a
really long time and I feel like they're
really like ageless I mean my nan loves
them I love them and everyone in between
loves them and they're also very
timeless and classic and they have a
really great variety of scents and
there's I feel like there's always
something for everybody
I generally really like the fruity and
the fresh scents um but I wanted to get
something different I wanted to try some
of the other ones because it's quite
easy to walk into a Jo Malone store and
feel a little but overwhelmed there's a
lot of bottles there's a lot of
different scents there's a lot of
different ingredients and sometimes you
end up sitting
something and going I think I like it
I'm not really too sure there's too much
choice so if you do go and speak to
somebody because they are super lovely
and very very helpful and we were
talking about the ones that I already
have a love which is blackberry and Bay
and English pear and freesia and those
are my like two favorite and I wanted
something that was different to those
but there could also be layered with
them so I picked up this which is the
mimosa and cardamom and this smells so
good
I feel like this could be a summer scent
or a winter scent and it's quite warm
and it's quite like vanilla and like
fresh at the same time like I feel like
it has a little bit of everything I love
in a fragrance which is why I've been
obsessed with it I also think it works
really well as a daytime and nighttime
scent just gonna throw that out there
another thing I've been loving this
month which I don't have anything to
physically show you I did have the box
on the side and somewhere along the way
someone's tidied it away and recycled it
so um I can't actually show it to you
but it is sourced box which is my friend
Marcus and Naomi's joint-venture and it
is a healthy subscription service so you
guys know that I am probably not the
healthiest however I am probably the
healthiest right now than I have ever
been so there you go at first I was like
oh my god it's this sounds like an
amazing idea maybe it's not something
for me personally because I am a sort of
person that would go for a full fat
amazing gooey chocolate brownie as
opposed to a kind of gluten-free vegan
made of beetroot kind of really healthy
brownie and that's just more a
mind-state I think because I just think
that was going to taste better so why
would I eat that one however I received
the first box complimentary by Markus
anomie and I loved it I'm gonna admit
that not everything in it is for me but
I've tried every single thing in every
single box and I have found at least
like six different things that I have
repurchased and actually bought and
eaten
as snacks I think I love it because it
is making me try new things and they're
healthy and it's made me discover so
many amazing brands so many amazing
ingredients so many things that I would
never have even taken a second glance at
had I been in a supermarket or in a
healthy food store so I absolutely love
it I would highly recommend it to any of
you that are eating healthily who are
vegan who are vegetarian who might just
want a slightly healthier snack
throughout the day or even if you just
want to find new brands and new things
to eat it's just a really great box and
it's always jam-packed full of things
I've never seen before and I'm not just
saying that because I love Marcus and
Naomi I actually subscribed to their
subscription box myself so that I
received them every month I get so
excited when the postman knocks on my
door with it I've genuinely found a
really good handful of healthy snacks
that I would not have found before just
trying to think if there's only like
music or any TV shows or films I've seen
recently that I really love but this
month I've mostly just been reading
April was the month for reading I read a
lot of books in preparation for the WH
Smith book club but I am going to be
doing a video all about the books that
I've read that I want to recommend to
you so I'm not going to do that in this
video
um tell you one TV show that I have
really enjoyed the island by Bear Grylls
it has had me on the edge of my seat
every single episode it's basically
about a group of men and a group of
women who are taken to a deserted island
and they have to survive and they get
given nothing and I really enjoyed that
it's literally just come to an end but
I'm pretty sure you can watch it online
I don't want to forget something because
there's a whole month until I can talk
about another thing I feel like that's
it I feel like that might be everything
I don't know I cut I kind of really want
to get into a new TV series to be honest
Bates Motel I've been really enjoying I
started watching that with Tanya and Jim
and I really like that but yeah if you
have any recommendations for any TV
series nah but I actually have time to
get stuck into a TV series right now but
if you have any that you think I would
really like let me know in the comments
so yes that is everything I have been
loving as always let me know what you've
been loving this month in the comments
and give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I will see you again very
very soon sure ah I wish everyone said
tora tora tora lo love it i
