oh good morning I was waiting for you to
say good morning but yeah good morning
cold morning yeah today we're saying
good morning from Monaco where it's not
sunny it's not warm and it's 30 degrees
yeah that doesn't happen Monaco
but anyway it's nice to be home and we
are gonna be homely and start the day
with a workout
so yeah morning work to start the day
because we like being healthy yeah man
we got to stay warm
yes let's look so we have an arm an ab
workout today
Orma now yes I mean I say we just go I
say we go I'm ready start with push-ups
I'm ready ready hold on let's put this
guy here this is when Benny would be
real handy
Ready Set I have a private PT called
Yanni she can drift Lambos and be a PT
yes I'm very good you know
perfect a bunch of music I love the
perfection I haven't using but and I'm
using of course I was gonna say I love
the fact that she drags me out in the
morning to start the day in the way you
should start a day because everything
feels better wants to work out of it
except I've read battle shows
fifteen push-ups go and I've learned
from Yanni's exercises said if you can
do more don't because you're gonna get
screwed
Oh whoever designed this app sucks who
do they think we are it's good no what's
the app sweat sweat Jionni has been
trying out a few different apps in this
one I can't do half of it and it's
supposed to be what week 200 put the app
stuff
she's such a trooper oh well now the day
it started and I won't be able to use my
apps for the rest of the day
high five to you now we should probably
go pack up selfie vlogging and upper
body workout is not friends no so if the
Varghese shake it today I apologize okay
we are putting putting the good old
camera down what I was gonna say was
that I know that we have been traveling
so much that we've been kind of at it
connecting everything cuz it's a new
place on every single vlog but sometimes
scheduling kind of makes it happen and
then in about an hour
we are going to the airport to go to
Dubai because when me and Yanni were in
Mexico we realized that we just sort of
loved spending time together in the Sun
so since it's like really cold and
crappy and in Europe it's a perfect time
to do it but it's usual I haven't packed
up like this is me not having packed yet
and then I also said in the past that we
should be better at checking in with
people that are in the vlogs like to
know what everyone's doing and the first
thing we're gonna do is check in with
Warner my favorite vlogger in the world
so Warner how is daily vlogging treating
you Shh did you say favorite ahh
that is so cool but seriously dude
really good to see you I'm doing well
it's it's a rollercoaster this vlogging
thing especially in public places that's
where
really struggle man yeah it's probably
getting loud awkward
but have a great trip and Dubai so good
to see you man
and yeah I'm gonna try to get a couple
high-fives for you because you've got
that you and Benny need to work on the
high-fives a little bit but here we go
high-five
no no thank you yeah thank you can I get
a high-five yes thank you trying to get
high fives from a bunch of people yes
high-five yes high-five you're like
number eight trying to get a hundred
eight number nine ten I five ten eleven
no high-five
eleven yes twelve oh I'm very sorry I
hope it feels better truly hope he feels
better okay 12:55 high-five yes almost
can I get a high-five I'm looking for a
hundred no high-five
No this isn't going as well as I hoped
I'm gonna high five man yes high five
yes high five man yes yes I five yes
we're doing it I am I won high five yes
high five high five no low no I thought
yes I five high five high five we're
America we're like north of Boston and
you
okay I look close to there what
high-five
I'm giving it to my friend you know soon
to put on his wallet or now yeah you
know like could be spying on my Canadian
friends no I'm not that cool yes high
five
yes high five high five high five no
anybody want to give me a high five in
here high five yes no no anyone high
five yes I love the energy no all right
we got like 90 of them I think hey you
want to give me a high-five this just
looks so fun thank you people are so
amazing sometimes well it is good to see
that you're hanging in there Warner look
at me
I felt that I hold on I can still give
her the workout
I felt that I've been wearing sweat
suits for the last few weeks so I
figured yani should have sort of a
dressed up man to look at for once so
ready to go we have checked in with
Warner everything is packed and it's
time to go to the airport sorry really
late that's why it's harder good be
focused on what to say let's go to the
airport and fly some more and not forget
it is what it is too late to change now
the mandatory type elevator shot with my
beautiful girl Oh there saundra ready
already
it's a good car to have it's your needs
it is why didn't we on purpose fees
you never know when you need skis right
we're not gonna bring it into the box
what's the point of having a wagon oh
you say where we're going
yeah we yeah we did we're going to buy
what's the point of having a wagon if
you can't keep loads of things you don't
really need it it's so unnecessary
I'm back to God all set yep welcome into
the airport Express
let's go
I think that our viewers that like cars
would stop watching this vlog if we
didn't do some sort of a little filming
in the car right
windows closed
let's do this
I love them we have to take the car to
the airport okay so I know you guys
probably think it's overexposed but we
actually have snow here in the South of
France we're just leaving what I can't
look at this I've seen this once in 13
years I've seen it not here but on the
along the coast snow I like snow but
then I want a lot of snow like proper
winter and not here
no when you have snow on palm trees
that's when you go to the airport yeah
okay
you wanted to shop look it's like a
snowstorm it's so hard to show because
the sky's white and we are on summer
tires of course
a professional drifter helping you see
ya otherwise I can teach you know almost
there
sorry guys there won't be an
acceleration shot here because we have
entire French police hanging on over
there hey guys
nice yeah Benny would have had six
different cameras with four be rolls
yeah I forget I've had too many num
automatic horses okay that this filming
is terrible we need some sort of variety
because waiting when I looked at
yesterday's vault it's like okay we
can't try to make a nice log cuz there
it's not never gonna be as nice as
yesterday's no and normally I would not
be stressed but Emirates a lot of the
time has chicken times that our waiter
Lee ER than anyone else that was nice I
was kind of stressing for a second
really yeah
are you don't usually stressed but now
we're here and it's time to get back in
my second home
yeah unfortunately we're not in first
it is nice it just never gets all right
I was actually joking when I told Johnny
that's not so bad
selfie he's so pretty with a suit right
it feels good oh I should have a suit
more I feel you think so Yanni's so bad
at telling me what I should or shouldn't
do just like I like this yeah doesn't
matter Arabic anyway this looks good
right all right we're gonna fly some
planes you guys have seen these planes
before so we're not going to worry
boring we don't have a Benny to push all
the buttons so maybe Jana will take that
roll but if not we yeah we'll check back
in a second and we ended up going
straight to Dubai in this vlog because
we weren't allowed to film a single
thing on the plane which was odd
considering we were invited to have
filled my last four flights yeah that's
okay so we are just gonna check back on
Sunday and show you guys a lot more
beautiful scenery than today today was
just a travel vlog so over now from
Dubai and we are excited to get a little
bit of a tan again yes sand between the
toes is always good time it is over
enough from Dubai ciao ciao
sleepy time I'm real tired it's Lake
here me too
dammit I knew I forgot something I was
gonna say make sure to check out Yanni's
blog from our little ski day in st.
Moritz
that we went through after lavinia so
check that out and now we can end it
okay ciao ciao
