36 hours earlier we started here in
Santiago with a kick-ass burger and get
ready to fly
thank you sir guy okay baby play are you
ready for our short our short flight of
the day so funny you know you have a
long travel day when you have a
nine-hour flight which is like the
really short slide on the trip do we
think it's a newer an old plane you yeah
super mega duper security thank you okay
moment of truth over no Kevin yeah Riley
always told me that Delta always has
these new sweet chairman's I've yet to
see those but I gotta say Aeromexico
Snooper
twelve cheers to a successful trip to
South America and at least they have the
biggest pillow I've ever seen on the
flight so our first flight
hooker club is his fanciest assignment
so I guess it's time to say good morning
because we have arrived and it's pretty
early in the morning and we have to go
through customs and immigration in order
to take our connections so we've been
standing there for like an hour but now
we finally got coffee which is great
considering I woke up when the plane was
banking coming in to land now we're
gonna get some coffee and I love how
empty this lounge is I can actually vlog
and talk without feeling like a total
moron it's really nice it's a bit of
coffee and then I'm gonna have a shower
and then I'm gonna have a shower
and we are showered up fresh and clean
but we didn't get to film much in the
lounge because the security guy came and
took all the Benny simple yeah said he
had to make a report you're shooting a
time-lapse out the window of this guy
but apparently that was not popular so
let's hope it's a nice cabin I mean
they're all nice but it's just fun to
compare cuz you're buying business with
a lot of different companies and you pay
the same thing and you don't really know
what you get so pensar curiosity on what
cabin you get I'm hoping this is a good
one I think we're over there we're late
as usual even though we had three hours
at the airport
Molly
during the vincey's that's gonna happen
here right
every time you have the herringbone
fishbone whatever they're called
gingivitis oh they got a big pillow
I've never had two pills before cuz then
you can have one for the lower back and
one for the neck sleep on the clouds
very very good sleepers this thing it's
a good home for the next day yeah we've
been trying to figure out when we
arrived like when should be published
but we're going across the date line
then we so yeah it's the morning but we
land
early afternoon 15 hours later but a
date board where it's how long's this
day then no no so it's been something
for three hours
yeah and then 15 hours yeah and then we
land what at 2:00 3:00 in the afternoon
so that like 22 our sunlight day we're
gonna get a lot of stuff done today
good morning
what's better
thank you so much did you forget
something
oh I have a cap on and this I had I knew
about this one but not about the cat
that's so funny to welcome to Japan
I'd say this is better than filming
painting fireplaces miss what been
signed up for yeah I sign it for this
first things first
some Japanese yen and two SIM cards
loaded with unlimited data so that we
can upload vlogs and any time for you
guys and the coffee's is that in that
Red Bull I don't know I don't remember
whether they have it here or not but
coffee will do for now yes
found it turns out they do have Breville
in Japan or you want a coffee on a Red
Bull yeah just the Red Bull oh that's
super small of it isn't he didn't sound
like but they're cool what should we do
the coffee now
later problem we got it yeah
and then two tickets to Tokyo Station
yeah do you know which one's Tokyo
Station looking for the English stuff
here take it for Paris AVI
no we don't never seen specify some
depth soon
show yourself next yes number one it's
safe to say them giving them a good
back-testing here yeah whenever you go
to Japan the trailer on the train that's
how you make better bags for 9 right
after which everybody's noisy I mean
there are the two dumbasses Ronnie yeah
that's right
I need you
so this is typical us we are now on the
train on the way to Tokyo and this is
when we start googling lodging in Japan
yeah we have one for tonight but after
that we have nothing and look here it
sold out sold out sold out so those who
live you know a cool bar I cannot find
anything at the moment I'm sure it'll
work out we're on the no worries to work
and we made it to Tokyo and where else
can we be than this Shibuya crossing
that's the most Tokyo you can get but
look at this
we found these guys
sir crew is now United in Tokyo so tiger
so tired since the only time on the ball
you're in a sea of children joke that's
basically that's gonna be the end of our
travel day because it's been it's been a
long date to say the least
yeah but now we're gonna go get ready
for some skiing in Japan weather
forecast looking epic make sure to check
back on Sunday right yeah yeah we don't
even know what date it is flying like
this over and out from Tokyo and the
world world traveling team
how do they do they always oh yeah
beef sushi is so good that it's
incredible
oh you're not
