and there we go now we have a red light
blinking good morning good boy oh yeah
we're here in Stockholm it's a good
morning it's good
I've been up early editing because I
haven't edited in a while some slope and
Yanni is going to go for a walk and I'm
gonna have one of those Stockholm days
when I have a million things to do and
run around and meetings and that kind of
stuff
why do it look so much Reineke because i
have a lot of things to do because today
is the first day on the rest of my love
because today I'm meeting up but
Alexandre my new assistant who's going
to help me keep track of my life and
optimize and like make sure I do as many
things as I can
good so enjoy your morning walk and I'm
going to jump in a cab and I'm gonna get
Brock tomorrow see ya
ciao ciao bye bye where are you huh I
don't know we wouldn't turn up job
inside hip hop I think with you yeah I
commute that from 4m minutes and my 7:00
till Monday engage uh-huh
I would love a oxal√° I don't um Minerva
first I'd like to have to make a long
little fun packet I got like that ha ha
everybody meet Alexandre hold on let me
see one focus the focus is as tired as I
am
oh hey so hold on look this guy here so
you are stuck with the horrible job of
trying to help me organize yeah exactly
so as you know I do about a million
things and maybe structure is not my
strong side so that is what we're going
to try to work on yeah so that we can do
more things I mean we've been saying
that we should do merchandise for like a
year but then there's so many things to
do and it's really hard to have the time
for it but now we're gonna have the Sun
for Kali so instead of talking to you
guys I'm gonna work on this yeah I'm
excited I feel sorry for Aleksandra my
like like we've been trying to figure
out my Apple ID and all these like just
calendar my stupid thinks that should be
in place and I feel like an amateur that
doesn't know anything about life but I'm
working on it
yeah that's why I'm here life is a
constant process of improvement I wish
it was faster though but now enough
vlogging time to focus up long here
so yes correct me what's up boys well
walking around with this thing is you
know it's always in my hand
I like your something thank you which I
tried my best sometimes too easy
sometimes it's hard alright meeting one
out of the books we had yesica from
douchebags join us as well if you saw
the time-lapse with another girl and now
it's time for me to move on to our next
me or my man next meeting which is
product development with Henrik that is
in charge of the new douche bags so
let's go say hi 200 JA are you good
senior how are you top of the balls so
this is Henrik and Henrik knows how to
make proper good bags and not just I
mean I know how to make a bag that looks
nice but I have no idea how to actually
build them so that's kind of what we're
going to work on here today we have a
bunch of new things that we're going to
work on but then again we have a meeting
that we can't show what we're working on
so I was kind of thinking that you have
such nice offices so if we place the
camera here for a second we can run it
I'm left with a beautiful sketch
ha ha yes Sharon are so we got some
reinforcements here to our look here we
have tape we are a paper and we're
building imaginary mini paper bags step
one of product development Joe sky
everybody knows Oscar I think and yes it
got worked with respect Shonda induce
place as well hello M then Henry Keegan
I'm trying to be creative on how to have
a blog when you're shooting everything
secret
I want this would be perfect I'm not
sure what we were supposed to play ping
pong which Pope is up here
Madhavi Super Target merci beaucoup
Yahya Mela world domination oh yeah
yes yeah it wasn't me it wasn't me I
didn't forget my computer although I
could have stayed here for like seven
more hours because it's like that's like
the most fun thing you can ever do it
develop products and like look at things
and figure out how to do it so forget
the computer and time only I was 100%
sure it was mine
can you cover it closer to the sucker
yeah thank you
I was looking at the time I'm like where
those four hours go here no escape room
I have a lot of meetings in my blog
today yes they only made the first part
and the time-lapse come on there we go
ooblar I kind of missed Benny it's hard
at the time for everything I am the
editor right now okay now we are going
to grab this uber and I'm going to go
get my back fixed on Bonjour Samuel I
think it's hook sir old sometime it is
it's good we haven't seen me in boxers
in a while yeah usually I'm in boxers
all the time but since we haven't seen
me in boxers that's good but now when
I'm in Stockholm we're gonna because now
you know my knee my calves and my back
is good be better could be a lot better
so I'm taking the time here to try to
figure that out so I'm going to put this
over here and then focus up on on
figuring out what to do in order to be
get a better body
and we are out in the light again and
yet what you say so a little bit of
everywhere yeah what else our conclusion
is kind of that it's been a little too
much travel a little too much work and a
little too much of everything and not
enough focus on taking care of the body
but now I am going to go back to Yanni
see how she's doing maybe play with a
kid or two and maybe eat I kind of
forgot to eat Stockholm that's usual but
thank you thank you all the way we're
always walking down the street after our
sessions
yeah it's a nice ending yeah so yeah
Yanni dumping and jumping hold on I just
checked the last clip I saw I was out of
focus I know oh now and then I also
realized that I said that I was going to
go home to Johnny
play with the kids turns out kids go to
bed even earlier than I do yeah now we
today
I really want to go and get some candy
like last time around Yanni was like a
snake
ah no but now I've like been a meeting
for oh yeah Benny meaning all days run
around and now I just want to I want to
have some candy and just kill what did
we talk hola how is full of Tana
spooling that's what's going to hit good
so that's what kind of go down and we
are back hold on a second I have an idea
do you want to hold the camera and be
bunny yeah the focus doing okay you can
all the great luck I think you Elijah I
was about to say before I got distracted
by Yanni holding the camera with the
rail appalling yeah that now we're going
to do a full on Young's guide to Swedish
candy okay the best candy in the world
he's not finished candy oh it's look
Swedish camera but it's hella good yeah
Snickers ice cream the best ice cream
there it ii super item my all-time
favorite chips in the world okay
ships another perseveres I think just a
nice nation yeah in Sweden we love this
like rock Cudas where you just choose
your own thing and create your own super
bag and have not done that in a long
time as soothing al ghul tear through
Sam said it do you like center yummy
yes we're calling up enough fun okay
we're going to let them have it
that'll be okay got it
got it when your highlight of the day is
to go buy it candy yeah enough to go
edit this ah we gonna like tomorrow
power
we have chimed in Menasha really view
that shine let's go somewhere there's no
people I feel shy today what you made me
shy what you're so shy in there I don't
want to be like host again got to bring
the energy well anyway that made me shy
so when I was talking and then I saw
people were watching looking at us then
I got shot and now I see everyone
looking at oh that's you so let's just
continue somewhere in like an alley oh
did you get a new car I did not get in
her car I got a new car it's nice cool
right super nice color I love am old
cars missing but now we are finally
alone
no one looking it's weird like normally
when I vlog I don't care that people
watch like when you walk around with a
camera like this it is it takes a long
time to get used to not feeling like a
super idiot yep
and I haven't been in Sweden for a while
some like when I walk with it and I see
everyone looking it's really hard to
focus
yep I'm right now I just had a moment
where I much yeah I don't haven't seen
that in a long time
no there it happens sometimes but now we
have some candy to really go home and
watch a movie
oh yeah in candy and then I got to get
up at like that's a forest to edit this
vlog and I'm going to sit there at 4:00
a.m. and edit like 9000 meetings nice I
like editing slow-mo b-roll and
sunflowers and stuff but I think it's
good that you guys see it's not always
something yeah like we do a lot more
meetings than we show but when you do
meetings all day you can't show anything
else so with that said I say we say good
night and good nut and from song comen
we'll be back tomorrow because we're
going to wedding in Norway more on that
later
now Cho over now good night guys you
tomorrow ciao ciao car speakers Yanni
I forgot one thing what the only thing I
wanted to say like when I was ending the
vlog is that I just got an email from
Oscar bucket we officially have
merchandise design no I it's happening
I've said well or well but it's really
happening now now the designs done no
keep your ID keep your eyes open
first one to comment on when they see
something free t-shirt whoa I'm gonna
comment to her two choices not waking up
