and good morning good morning we are
back on regular vlog logging just weird
I mean you see you not going yeah it is
kind of strange Benny where are you my
arm is not strong enough to hold a
camera like this
no but it's kind of fun like when Benny
does it it's like I kind of miss it I
mean it's nice to have extra time but
it's also really fun to film be creative
and yeah trying to be Benny but we are
again doing now
exactly Yong is being Benny right now
yeah but as you saw in yesterday's video
we're here in the Hamptons we've been
here with Yanni she's been with revolve
and as you saw in the intro we are
living in this crazy giant house and
it's almost empty now because everyone
has almost left and we are on our way to
head down to New York and fly back to
Europe so we are just doing a bit of
work before we're going to pack up and
head down there but I thought it was
time to say good morning kickstart the
vlog and I'm psyched to be blowing in
and my back is good so I can set up
again so yeah we're going to pack up and
it's rain
oh yeah the weather it's really
fascinating it's okay when you're
falling it's alright no problem so yeah
that's the current morning update from
the Hamptons in New York coffee
yummy secure the house for relieving
never thought we'd be writing European
all to the next one
all right are you ready miss you need I
am ready
JFK here we come
what I found back to your cozy I just
jumped up real quick here at the wrong
terminal to get my bag yeah actually I
could pull in here I don't think he can
left on here hurry hurry hurry hurry
Ling on curry
there we go perfect
wonder Delta killed it
ha
now that's one pull back they'd better
not complain on weight considering the
fact we had to find new stuff in order
to life and where something feels and
I'm on my back
only one way five-oh
guys
now
you
now that was a seriously cool sunset
 football hold on I think it's the
first time I go to the there we go
better I was going to say I think it's
the first time that I go to this Airport
without going into the city yeah yeah
but at least we get to see the city in a
very beautiful way unfortunately we
couldn't continue the time lapse because
we got to go board the airplane fly ash
a check fire yes if we have time we
really if I don't get a check it's
because I sacrificed my kneel my hunger
to get the child just you know oh there
were I think it was it was good enough
for it's worth it and shake shake is
good and it's not like we have it in
monocle
yes
to being there's time I know you want to
kick it up but he just sneaks you
what about light yeah look again
well shooting boys and no they said
we're going to start free boarding
process in five minutes
oh really cilenti's on five minutes to
finish that murderer still don't eat the
key to a long flight is to have a lot of
food before you get on so you can get on
and like please no Express Mail I want
to try the Express Mail she checks
really good okay okay thanks so much
about uh hello you're wrong not we
didn't get the time out looks wittle oh
now it's back time out
we sleep cow you want to Cho Cho this
part of the bog a la see in a couple
hours
I thank you Jake that was the fastest
Bureau we ever shot in the plane because
we were sleeping the whole way highway
and it's yeah my morning and we are in
Copenhagen so now we got to go and try
to chicken to our next slide up to
suckle and I'm like I just woke up like
nine minutes ago but yeah I just want to
say good morning now I got to get a
coffee and then we continue today
healthy one
fun fact of today yawning can drink a
coffee when it's pretty much boiling and
I have to have like Tata cold coffee in
me which sucks when you really want to
like just have that coffee in and wake
up I need coffee first but I do have to
say we don't have very good memories of
this terminal since last time we landed
here
there was zero persons here and they
lost my luggage but I do love the fact
that they have a Joe on the Jews like as
you're waiting for your luggage yeah
normally at luggage spelt there's
nothing nothing so I like that so the
question is will my baggage like it your
ride
I like it will actually be a pretty
funny yeah I have two out of two flights
so far with no luggage that automatic
are you ready for our website okay it's
hard to see there we go
look our fool of a design okay you want
to hold on to I can grab that you guys
the camera
okay guys laughs oh no no I was I was
gonna say something I know we were angry
at SF last time we flew because they
lost our luggage they didn't have anyone
at luggage service and they didn't
answer our phone calls but I still like
stuff thank you I loved the new design
of the plane and I was looking at my SAS
F I was checking and I've flown with
Star Line's I've flown fourteen point
seven times around the world that's a
bit of flying but today we only have one
more hour and then we're installable
9 first time and well one out of three
where we actually got our back yeah I'm
so happy to see this guy I think I may
be as happy as you are to see Libya
never come across Monta okay there's a
leak at OSI some papa
autumn morning long been open for
watching
you own the has well this guy goes if
I'm bragging this way oh that was a bit
too much I think this is good
no we just wanted to find a place to say
that we got the burger we got the snacks
and we like got everything because we
started this vlog 30 30 hours ago
something so now we're going to go home
eat that burger eat all my candy and
just watch a movie and do nothing
yep and yeah that's it I'm going to keep
this ending short and sweet and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bright and early
we're on it tomorrow morning again so
good night now Oh going up by the way
check out my vlog from campus oh yeah
see more link in my only knowledge in
description that's how tired we are ciao
so tomorrow morning see ya
