just got something wrong way to have
rules on a fee where are you going to
memory
Polaroid's yellowed in the Sun I'm too
busy
and good morning good morning as you can
see we are not sitting outside a casa ,
I mean usually we have a b-roll that
starts on the place we're at but since
we if you follow our instagram accounts
you probably know that we are putting
the house up for sale which feels a bit
scary but since we are the vlog is going
to be about selling the house today we
are currently here in the Hamptons on
with this giant monstrous Nilla I'm a
plus one on this trip Yanni's here with
us you know she's here with revolve so
it's monster make a mega nice here the
only problem we've had so far is that
yesterday I don't know what it's called
in English but in Sweden it's called rig
scoped which is like sort of you bend
down to do something and you're back
just freaks out and you can't move i sat
down to have lunch and all of a sudden I
couldn't sit up so I had to lay down and
all of yesterday I couldn't make it out
of my debt I barely made it to the
bathroom but it's good that we're doing
this video now because spending all day
in bed would be hard to vlog yeah but I
mean ok first question I guess everyone
has when watching the video that we're
going to sell the house what does it
cost in Mar Bay it's really hard to set
a price because everyone just goes like
this I think my house is worth this but
when I look around and I compare things
I think a good market value for the
house would be 1.7 million so if you're
interested that that would be the price
and if there's many people interested
the highest offer would get it so maybe
no one wants to buy it
I mean if you don't like the camo paint
of course you can paint it's white
you're going to sell it with the camel
yeah yeah we're doing a bunch of work to
the house now when we're away here you
know just getting it all fixed up like
little things that we should have done a
long time ago but we never did so in
about a week there'll be more pictures
and stuff like that but I wanted to like
you know you want to make it nice before
you sell it he wants a new owner to be
happy and feel good about it and I mean
it feels sad selling it but you're not
loved that house you love the house but
I guess the numbers the second question
why do we want to sell I mean that's the
most important part for me because when
you lived in Sweden and you stayed with
me Monaco it was still my place and you
stay there
but when yeni moved to Monaco it was our
place I mean she did take over most of
the Wardrobe space but it's my place but
you got a motional e invested in the
book so you want to do that great so
that's like we started thinking about it
when we had a lot of people that found
out where we lived and stayed on the
street then we started thinking about
maybe getting another place but then
sort of yeah we thought more about it
and I think if we would get a house
together more fun it's more fun so we
even though I love the house and I feel
super sad
yeah Yanni's not too excited to sell at
all but I think I mean I'm not either we
like the house but I think like love yes
but it's always like it's you mean your
dad we're the same buy something fix it
and and then once it gets good you know
you're looking for something new yeah we
like to sort of change process and yeah
so we we're not moving from our baya we
love the area so we're looking for
either a lot or something to buy in the
area so as soon as this is sold then
hopefully we we have a new project a new
summer house perfection yeah yeah just
like you know something new because then
we can I mean of course there won't be a
boring house like we need proper rope
swing like yeah just Catholic camel 2.0
but since we've had so many good
memories I think a nice mural is in
place to just look at
all the great times of that and show you
guys if you're interested show you what
a great house this is
discard something wrong way to have
rules on Murphy where are you going to
memories - Polaroid yell in the Sun
longing to be seen
so I mean I know you guys have seen most
of it but I think it's cool when you put
it all together in once and you're like
wow we had a lot of cool memories from
there yeah I mean it's different to make
a vlog about this but it's good
considering I can't do anything else
probably the best way if you're
interested in the house is to check out
the house tour that is actually the
video that we made in the vlog period
that has the most amount of views so
that'll be linked in the description you
can see us walking through there's been
some changes since then but once we have
all the stuff we're doing this week
changed we're going to get new pictures
and get all the information but check
out my blog a blog link in the
description there you have a bunch of
photos floor plans information how big
it is got four bathrooms four bedrooms
huge roof terrace with the gym which is
incredible 1,100 square meter lot it's
located in La Quinta in Marbella and
you'll find all that info in the
description so and use to contact and
stuff all the contact info and
everything we have the best real estate
agent for this we have Nicolas Nicky are
are absolutely crazy friend but having a
real estate guy sell your house do you
actually know and trust it's a huge
difference even if you're not buying the
house you can talk to Nicholas because I
want to recommend money he's a funny guy
but he's probably one of the most
kind-hearted best guys I know so check
that out and
what else I know I think we got it all
in there we are gonna go and I'm gonna
try to rehab my back and yannis making a
vlog today so you guys can check that
out I can enjoy me I'm gonna try to like
move slowly and joy or the couple thing
I'm much better today today oh I'm
definitely going so check out the honest
vlog for the some more Hampton stuff and
hopefully I will be back filming
tomorrow when I can move around yeah and
I hope it that's good so now we're
installing on the end as always
okay guys hope you guys enjoyed it and
check out more about casa camel the best
house in the world see you guys soon
ciao ciao
