I'm single thank you for that we'll see
you soon
get out of here
keys in the car no way again no first
time on this the best place our favorite
sigh morning
this is Benny's first request getting
off the boat tomorrow when you decide we
don't we want to get aside what we ended
up spending an hour in there just trying
different stuff luckily their keys
look at this yeah I lose all my stuff so
now I can just be like this and win
another feature yeah this is amazing I
am pretty good at scratching everything
becomes form this into a thin to thick
fur so then you don't scratch them no I
saw I've never seen this before
so smooth but now I can't even get a
sailboat because I'm rock and they but I
who have that washed out neon yellow
yeah
bean cage past the loop we went it but
now we should hit the gari oh if we can
reach a new top speed so that we can go
and crush these disciples yes 9 9 June I
don't like to look at these Oh
winning less thanks you're a person that
haven't tried disciple be a person that
has tried them yes otherwise you die
stupid you can find out input of this
place in the description because a sight
so good it needs be heavily promoted
it's like I hate breakfast but I love a
side thank you guys we were just
discussing we were going to Sweden
tonight not really it's just like trying
to think because we're going to Sweden
to both stud then we're going straight
from there to the Hamptons for four days
and then Stockholm for like two days
wedding Norway for three days but yeah
so we have a lot of traveling and we're
not going to be back here for a little
bit I say we eat this we're going to
work on getting better at something got
a lot of style do I look like Michael
Phelps the no I don't think so I feel
like I'm ready to set a new record here
on the pool yes but we realized when we
were diving with Hendrik off the boat
going deep that we want to get better at
holding our breath then we were like
trying to figure out who knows that well
I mean hundreds is a swimmer is not a
free diver but then we found a class at
skill sure you know we get we did the
collaboration with Skillshare
the yoga yes but now we have a full on
holding your breasts lately now we have
a full on class to get better yes so we
found a class by Christian Bodi I hope I
got that man correct how I trained
myself to hold my breath for seven
minutes in six months mhm I'm only down
four minutes so instead of mean Benny
like guessing how to do things on the
side of the pool ago though work that
didn't work why not listen to someone
that knows it who brilliant that's like
10 years ago you'd have to find a free
diver
that's not very comfortable yeah 10
years you got a free and find a free
diver now you can just talk to Christian
here and you can figure out what he does
yes that's different for what we do so
we went through like so you have like
seven different topics and so the first
thing you went through like is it's
interesting he says you shouldn't eat
right before yes you can drink coffee or
Red Bull and things like that right
before top for us but I've been trying
to stay off it for like three hours now
yeah and then if you're cold you know
you're shivering that burns energy so
there's a lot of different basics that
helps you and then he it's interesting I
always figured like if you rest hold
your breath you'll do well yeah but he
says that we should hold our breath for
two minutes and then breathe for two two
minutes exactly and then hold your
breath again for like two and a half
breed for two and a half yeah and then
we're going to see how far we can swim
yeah because it seems strange to me I
mean that's feel like you should get
exhausted by doing it no and you get
better in that area sighs yeah let's see
you let's see if Christians right first
we're going to breathe two-minute breath
hold yeah breed for two minutes to a
half minute breath hold breathe for two
minutes and then we're going to see if
we can set a new underwater record with
these beautiful hats that sounds perfect
to me I think it's the perfect like
saying goodbye to more baya for this
time activity hold on
we haven't showed the beauty of Monsieur
tiga Ortega went for the full-on Michael
Phelps like if you're I already to me
alright let's breathe at least I can
take two minutes underwater extremely
long
yeah two minutes
went up sighs to convey folder to you
you could keep on going I wish you'd get
up okay for to man yeah ready yes no
problem that was waiting let's breathe
for two minutes
and then let's try three NASA that could
have done more
no yeah I was like doing pretty okay Wow
4:30 new personal record get Christian
underwater hey I need me
yeah if there was like a camera and
people watching Oh Chris I guess is but
like I was like nope like I was like
getting a little uncomfortable at like
410 uncomfortable yeah for time at 410
God did you have a nice person nothing
like it was chill it's like we're spent
the whole summer in the freaking pool
trying some stupid thing yeah but we
should know we should read let me brief
or two and then I'll try yeah that's
winning cheap that's better not every
day you set a new personal record isn't
there that's big that's a big reclaim
proving that we're stupid that we didn't
like try to ask someone how to do it not
I six laps with the goal that'll be six
to six meters or six lengths these 66
meters underwater what do you think I
mean I have the Hat I have the speedos
yeah you're like a fish or maybe more
adults in
Oh No
that's right hahaha fifty-fifty and I
was a licensee watch out for the muck
when you jump into the water
I wasn't tight enough they can that poor
flap six I was seriously about the
personas like preparing breathing was
terrible I didn't really see like as I
was coming up it was like to go and
whack no nobody but yeah he's fixed
they're a wrecker yeah but if you do go
ahead and like try to do all this make
sure to have a buddy and like don't be
stupid
yes normally don't like push yourself to
death because that's with everything if
you want to get better at stuff you got
to like gradually work your way up
yes but yeah it's important to like not
be stupid when you're diving because
that's what he tells in the video I'm
like pumped and conceded I was like in
the beginning I was like okay let's do
two minutes two and a half and then
maybe three because I'm like I'm sure it
can't be four minutes that I did last
summer and I was like you know like
three and a half and then at three and
I'm like I can do four and I'm like
what's the point to do four I've done
four before like I'll do four oh one and
I'm like I feel good yeah and I'm like
crazy like 4:30 I want to do more but I
got practice more before that so I'm
going to go ahead and hang out with
Kristian on the side and like learn
everything he has to know or that he has
to teach us because it's so I love
learning things doesn't matter what it
is I want to learn so and since we're
doing this together with Skillshare
today the first 700 people that sign up
the skill share with the link in the
description gets a two month free trial
so they have you know as we said we did
the yoga last time now they have
underwater swimming and I think they
have around 15,000 she's if not
thousands and yeah there's lots on
photography filming I mean yeah
Lightroom Photoshop all sorts of
different things I know you guys ask us
a lot but we're we're not great teachers
so it's better to listen to people that
actually really know what they're doing
so try that and then you have the link
in the description but now
time for us to keep swimming put the
camera away and like get our last swim
in before we start packing and head to
the airport
yeah you ready ready these guys water
super heavy yeah
oh no we lose over here when you close
the door cuz you're like did I forget
anything
yeah the cute okay I think we have
everything I think you're ready to go
flying but it's like waiting way too
hard to be flying like this yeah it's
time to go
Oh
yeah what just good yeah yes do you
think you like can I pull off the
Rockstar look like some glass all the
time yes you can
yummy here what is the meaning we worked
at social media we know there is my
mother this is because they're
officially other vision glasses they're
not just a lot no can I feel kind of
cool well fight
we haven't floated that young was saying
she hadn't flown into a month and a half
which was like extreme alright but I'm
excited to go fine going to a nightclub
in Sweden I have not done that since I
started blogging I have a feeling we
might break it break our personal
healthy record in one day good evening
one night
then one night then when I work maybe
two and more and they question it or not
well Bennie's new hashtag be that he has
a lot of thing
we arrived to the same where are we
worth pursuing Lee look at all these
birds no they sound so real Copenhagen
to shut my mouth on the boat I'm not
their alpha oh so good me honey but yeah
it is now precisely midnight and we have
rush to Copenhagen so hopefully we can
find a car from here go to both stop you
didn't look anything yeah I broke George
you're here but I just remember that I
forgot straps so George Newland needs to
eat a lot in luggage compartment George
is a Help section is closed Jose has a
big belly
what's nothing
it is now 1:00 a.m. you know we were
like over there at 12 like midnight it's
not 1 a.m. half the planes luggage is
lost and SAS the rival service is closed
there's not a single person working at
the airport or SAS or anything so we're
like we just leave I mean I'm super down
to leave and then hopefully sus can
figure it out in the morning but Yanni
kind of refuses that program because she
really cares about her luggage which is
like but it took when you can't change
things then there's no reason to worry
about it so I said we go like hang out
with George no luggage mom yeah like
blazar way the boss thought and like
we'll just have to try to convince Yanni
to leave let's see and you probably like
sneaking in through a back door to find
an employee
oh yeah he's over there with an employee
not really very getting tough time and
tomorrow to go party we go party who's
one side clapping whoosh ah ha ha yeah
that's all yeah I'm going to be back at
the exact same spot the weekends log you
know and show you the exact edge on the
club where I sprayed blood but here
comes Yanni let's see what she says
okay it is I'm now switching from
guessing your bonus to another new line
yeah this got info this is not going to
be a very good blog for SS no sis you
need sucking on a huge level oh I think
you have cooking an egg phone call
tomorrow they better be prepared for
that you don't want to mess with Miss
Yun Eve and mushy not through my luggage
that's some high-level sucking you have
a direct flight and you lose half the
plane's luggage yeah well done I'm
cooking I believe in good to use us I've
always said good things today I'm not
going to say anything I'm gonna let
Yanni talk I wish they had one of these
like heart measurements we can see how
angry I was making more about hmm you
know this is the true colors of Johnny
Dylan when goes out John Doe George
yeah loves a happy and good ol George
so that was like now on we have a second
car we can actually lots of good old
George from the outside because I have a
feeling that if anyone is bought in the
right lane miss you need he's gonna give
him a good old flash oh yes yeah you
know where the control is on the right
Oh
Semyon mica the one that was faster than
expected George set a new speed record
unofficially in between countries yeah
not George is like it's like it's your
first longest drive with George now
isn't that long enough how did you feel
it I'm so nice we were doing disco the
meetings in me right round baby right
round but we should go check on the like
and the vog yeah
turn up the volume whoo ball sack we're
here here to give a good time we've
decided that we're going to end the vlog
in a weird way every single day yeah ha
ha ha and you have to end and sing at
the same time I always said I don't drat
dance over
I hope you like this is Dave oh you look
I wrote we'll leave that to you we will
just say to a wolf and that's all I got
look ciao Stefano
