pick up the coffee coffee delivery foot
timeout yeah America oh did you burn
yourself
yes that was really hot I think we're
okay so coffee 14 billion a donut ah mr.
Sega do not show cooler cooler meteors
on my time tada yeah we just wet but
yeah good morning good morning as you
can see we are anchored up in the best
port in Europe I'm going to go ahead and
say we are in formentera huh and we love
formentera beautiful beautiful little
port on this beautiful quite island it's
so funny when people say this unlike
this area people think party disco and I
think like beautiful calm morning coffee
good morning work and like in other
mornings the good time of the day and it
was nice like we walked off yesterday
the boat and were like whoa yeah but
it's nice to be in a fork
we've been anchored up in a little base
and it's been beautiful but it's nice to
have some variety and the good thing is
that when you're in a port you can go to
the restaurant so we don't have to be
you know some burritos all the time and
we went to this restaurant called kooky
kids oh just will put them from the
description below because I want to put
it there because I am going to go ahead
and say that yesterday's dinner was
maybe the best dinner I've ever had
oh yes if you're for material to go
check out that beautiful place fantastic
food Peruvian right arrogant mr. delare
good morning morning do you like that
damn camera here again oh it's this
thing like that was probably the best
restaurant stuff that was really good it
was like you know not that most
expensive crazy but just like every dish
was I want better better better
so yeah huge recommendation but now it's
time for more coffee and then I think
are we are packing up heading to - maybe
it's quite windy today so we have to say
maybe Oh
more food yes we're coming back tonight
guys get ready we will just do what we
are told to do you tell me to do some
both things and I will do some good
things okay now call me are you hiding
yourself more honest are you hiding
itself under some things no we are
securing everything we're putting double
thingies here
I am still still waiting for a little
carrados judgment on my skills here
uh-huh
I feel pretty good about full confidence
and we leave and we are leaving I'm
gonna be a bit windy who it again sorry
really
where are you wrong now good try though
oh no you're right we went through there
dammit Mickey I know it was not good
there was nothing wrong with the front
no way no you perfect oh yeah did serve
secured oh and if you're wondering why
we haven't filmed the jesters it's
because we have too much fun riding the
jet sir yes we won't build the dressers
oh of course
oh there's so many things going on on a
trip like this it's hard to pick what
the film done been jumpin
OOP everything secure that they can drop
data yes then I can't believe it either
and we could sort katakana yes the solar
8 hours of nothing land and then
hopefully were I think we'll be ok
there's no wind no problem no problem
and
good morning captain are not really good
morning though more like your daftar
noon good early night yes more than good
but Cartagena so stage 1 of our trip to
Marbella complete just within roughly
eight and a half hours yes there was
something in the bumpy ride and the wind
that we are kind of anticipated just did
not happen at all it was beautiful
perfectly very well driven a Richard as
usual so very chill yet I was sleeping
as usual Emily both leaves Gianni sleeps
but now we are in character now we have
been here before but we have only seen
the gas station this time around we are
going to go explore the city for
tomorrow yes so we we were actually
going to say goodnight for today and
then we will be right back in the
morning for the second good morning of
the story are you ready for some
epicness in Catalina I am I'm listening
to Richard uh as I said on Instagram
yesterday we can get him to 100k I have
to pay for fuel so it reaches like doing
a preview of the vault yeah oh wait I
want a preview every day go follow
richard below and have the nicest kill
and you have the nicest study on the
exactly he's very good at picking the
right music with the right words yeah
for the occasion but yeah I guess we
should maybe say a second good morning
for this vlog not a name good morning
honey
good morning we're going to go explore
cut the chain off with this yellow honey
brings a big yellow or a nice yellow
dress I bring the big nice chemical
monster taste one morning a god oh good
morning yeah you know what our morning
project was we were googling old army
ships and like rescue boats because what
if you could buy an old boat that I can
didn't trust real boat and then rebuild
that to a modern yeah yeah I like this
idea it got me fired up this morning I
had a hard time getting away from my
Google if you're in I'm totally
you guys I love him this one not this
one but like a rescue like ship yeah I'm
good with rebuilding things yeah I can
make a camel can we visit this this is
my house your house is built in 1854
tonight a mother Oh
pegye can yo we can oh he can my house
doesn't look really taking a good shape
oh there's so many cool things hearing
and we only work for like 300 meters
yeah like when you feel that you can
shoot like when tea outfits and 300
meters with Yanni
you know it's a beautiful place oh look
at all the color houses yeah yummy will
you look at state of supremist
yeah yeah me feel question is who is
more excited Yanni getting photos or me
taking photos I'm Eugene coming through
for all Instagram influencer girls I got
the cran eyes really to do and for old
camera carrying people where a light
shirt because it's getting kind of hot
down here and everything goes alright
yeah you go to the same colors your
dress
matching everywhere go to another
matching wall it is like made for me
what's wrong with displays you have low
seen these very walls with nothing
behind them yeah so we feel like we're
in Hollywood at a movie set where they
just built walls yeah just one of those
different places I've ever built it this
time for cooking I think we should have
a coffee we've been on kudos when we
took it out that never pick the first
day okay
always listen to Richard most of the
time prospects not all the time blooded
please yeah so impressed I thought it
was just like an industrial port because
we've only come in to fuel gas Sun left
and like never would ever met it's like
to walk around here I think it's the
coolest city in Europe like you go to
Milan or whatever it's like a million
people oh yeah
and here it's like explore yeah it feels
like it should be a super tourist
destination - the tourists
living when you get to video yeah so
Penrose and coffee and behold it's just
a camera and look at the night needed
yeah
King
I can't even like walking to the rhythm
I have no real okay this is the second
place a third one okay
just on the face that's the truest two
rows for everyone you never tried
written no okay so BC what is that there
is a real Spanish de liquor shop that
you can I find it so interesting that
you are a Shiraz not very good memory
yes exactly
because normally vending is very healthy
with everything you need to know I can I
can tell yeah yeah yeah then a little
bit of sightseeing coke like I just
bought for freshly squeezed orange
juices which I think in Monaco with
eight euros for juice here and with 70
euros or or know what no way Oh
long team tourists in mouth oh yeah by
lightly nice to look fake a sham level
higher than before an hour of just
drinking coffee and like discussing life
and not stressing and having your
holiday life yeah oh you want to buy
something
yeah maybe Benny should buy a ring oh
boy State ha ha ha squeezing time
can you music I was getting looked
half-assed inside hands ass outside then
your t-shirt is red no I'm kidding ha ha
ha yeah yeah I just took her this
there's something big in the way well
done got to commit to the photo ok so
this is the place crazy like so we
looked at photos in the museum and this
whole place was like covered by houses
and all this random stuff they only did
still rated 2 years ago number 98 90s
yeah and then they dug it out
so like Karthik and I used to be the
stronghold of the Roman Empire yes
Caesar like yes sir Caesar Caesar was
the boss heat their way that I like this
I think it's so cool you know it's
pretty when you're like you're just
looking not even shooting mm-hmm
are you getting this shot alright honey
hold on
get it oh it's really hard to balance
like this it's because you listen if you
get the good shot oh no I totally I'm
telling you yeah hold on one more you
got it yeah
makin me fuckin yes ah forever yeah it
made the photo clean yeah mm-hmm so
we're still shooting oh we are shooting
shooting shooting shooting shooting Oh
heaven yeah this okay so together we
have been to I would say almost station
the world but not every but like we've
been around a lot shot photos everywhere
and I have never been to a place where
there is so many cool things to shoot oh
yeah it's really good like never and we
met so many friendly people yeah like we
were talking about I think it's a
conspiracy incurred the show know that
they only came together and they all
said we're all going to be really nice
so we get sorry so yeah we get tourists
but on the other hand like yeah it's
awesome here no I just think they're
really nice people
yeah every single person that we met has
a lot of them spoke multiple languages
perfect English and they seemed
generally really smart so Thanks like we
met a lot of people today so it was
great mean all you and I think that
since we've had a long day yesterday and
hey walking around here it's like a
double bar today
yes but a fantastic one fantastic and I
think you guys enjoyed this vlog as much
as we enjoyed it you know with my little
baby-baby really but now I actually have
a lot of photos so now you can check out
my blog with the link in the description
yeah we might put her in there somewhere
done description all the way down down
whose note but it's been amazing but now
we should end things get a couple more
shots maybe and then we are gonna head
towards my bay out early tomorrow
morning yes so we will check back real
soon with more value here one more day
no oh yeah we love you precious Jenna
yeah well I hope I pronounced it
correctly
Katherine Katherine custard
how would you pronounce it does the
panettone maybe not I don't know either
way we like so yeah that's it for today
yeah why not no chiz hasta manana then
there's one more
we should start saying good morning in
different languages because that's like
when I shine like that's when I have
brains yeah in the moon when I know but
ok when I started this from now on we're
going to skip this whole like saying
goodnight in different languages because
I am NOT a night person I feel like I
seem retarded on this kind of things I'm
gonna say good morning and differently
goodness ok what a great idea yeah
