you
good morning Enid morning good morning
guys
Heinrich is in the water well the fishes
oh yeah you didn't say good morning huh
more technology Sherman there's a ton of
fishing yeah I see these like right and
it's so crystal clear all the way to the
bottom and you just see the light beams
going on Wow
the moaning Henrik oh I thought oh
really
yeah nice it's almost the sizes are
great pool with fishes it's so clear do
you want let's go down to see if we can
take Sam yeah morning session and Henrik
is going for it how deep do you think it
is it's pretty deep ah well don't add
castle so quick it throws up gonna be
pretty hungry come on Kiki okay after
that to the bottom yeah we can see him
ah he goats in yes who do you touch it
yeah but I let it at Catterick sweat it
out and then I was like no I let it out
so that I can see that I touch the
bottom we can see from here that looks
old all that you feel far away can I
make that now we can so good morning yes
let me bring the water housing yeah we
should
you
and the taxi is right in the English is
like Ola Bible and Henrique is packing
up
train station good morning oh yeah good
morning Richard
and we go to lunch I could lunch I'm
real hungry for once
me too in the breakfast nine me neither
look I mean I'll go we were busy
swimming and fun fact of the day last
time we were at Blue Marlin we were at
Maximilian scoopers wedding from couple
and then I left the rebellion here and I
was supposed to get it back in it was a
big mess I just remember that whoa thank
you so much okay first time we're on
land except for fueling up oh yes now we
can grab a coffee we can grocery shop
funny it thinks that you can take for
granted in normal life here looks
different
Lou did not visa Glasser
welcome to Ibiza get out yeah now we let
Yanni take the lead otherwise go to
McDonald's some real hungry oh there's
one here okay we've found the restaurant
that was a solid no are you guys being
okay it's a waiting wave yeah it's an
earthquake
oh yeah perfect perfect I'm ready to do
anything though okay everybody enjoy a
restaurant meal yeah we did it for one
first non home-cooked meal to fill up
that's why I got to be by Lancome oh
good yeah good thank you bye that's for
the lunch check for the lunch my
pleasure
fantastic well with the place hope it's
not right oh yeah all right super super
delicious we come here as tourists and
we don't know which places are tourists
and bad but this is good
oh yeah it was going to be support Oh
grocery grocery groceries and written
pies and cheese yeah three yeah not easy
we are not out my finger three packs of
water is a really bad idea
justly when you have to use a metal no
way Oh perfect yeah yeah we're in giving
the luxury yacht life yeah this is make
much better yeah a shortish fish water
fresh water
haha hi geniusly seated but I wondered
you your opinion that the more you
exposure Bharti show the stronger is
going to get ya improves your immune
system look at him oh I was just saying
I think that it's really high high high
genic Oh clean yeah it was we had a taxi
station but no taxi but we have plenty
of groceries oh yeah so we can continue
cooking at home
we made a what a mission oh yeah turns
out that they only wait to the dock
through the beach Cod look in real
trendy here with the 2017 model hyper
center Havana and the shuttle guy was
not too excited about it
no next time we just take the jetski now
yeah for I am sweating more than ever
before there we go
voltar you on his back watch watch watch
watch watch what you are yeah I was like
one day Gary fish no yes oh that's nice
oh great post chilling mission oh that's
why we love the boat oh oh yeah oh this
is good oh well hi myself here like so I
can sleep right against the ladder
that's a good yeah I'm going to join you
maybe and take my sail on the other side
but I think we supposed to like kinda
that way cooler know exactly where what
I think we're going
but they're there Henrik is over there
yeah so we came here on the island and
Henry can those guys over there but the
wind it's over here yes so we're going
to go and try to find a different spot
they figured we kind of had to like hit
that on film so it's not like b-roll -
Henrik so we're back where we started
so we mean by fully important we're
going to go along the coast see if we
find like a really good winter
effectively oh because the what place we
had was pretty sweet
oh yeah it was super nice but we thought
the wing would be okay but then the wind
swings around the island says mr.
captain Olson been analyzed in weather
patterns and the radar and you know the
stuff okay I think we've all understood
that I am by for by no means a certified
captain yet but I'd like to like look at
everything Richard does and try to
understand and learn because you can be
on a boat for two years and know nothing
or you can try to analyze and like learn
yep but to me it makes sense to go find
somewhere else because yeah then this
wind direction and it increases
overnight yeah we're going to wake up
like hugging the cliffs that varies at
night it's way too open to be facing to
win yeah
and Henry knows guys they have a night
guard checking the anchor no way yeah
yeah we're going to go look around but
that's why you have a boat so you can
explore this make way
everything sex we're good okay come on
are you ready 100% ready go ahead wrong
like that yeah that should be all good
there's a night light okay now we got to
feel get that middle yeah get into what
now we wait for the shank in the chain
yes oh I'm such a quick learner
especially when it comes to like waiting
for the reject the jank and yeah sound
in the chain
wait for it not have you heard morning
for you can do it
yank first tell me to check yeah I you
see so I'm happy thinking oh well the
toilet is that ha ha ha but he end up
into this tea anyway getting prepped
matching the pins with this guy ah with
the water in this
we need someone to double-check your
earlier a second-deck campus yeah I've
seen on movies like divers they go like
this this is my guy you're going to hurt
yourself but do it every single shot we
have a betta jumping off the boat he
does but it's back companion do it's
also got a dive oh no because I ever
messed up three two one go you were
going to jump at the same time I'm more
of like that tack diver
maybe type guy good job guys okay go
down and check it now okay will they
come up and say that it's fuck what got
it yeah no it's good but we'll do one
more yank it's kind of deep to work with
a big metal thing in the bottom to do
this right yeah of course as soon as the
boat go back behind could go down we
don't intend every doctor all right
keyboard key pulls the chain I yank the
anchor okay
Gizelle's we're good to camp go for it
got it yes good job guys good job
right so not windy the anchor is just
like no use yeah but now it's Duggan
that's good yes another one's for the
books
nice face and nice dinner looking fix
just what I call cooking with a view oh
yeah good eyes you doing a better check
in here yeah so what is the menu tonight
the menu is chicken marinated in chili
bear Nestle's oh because we forgot to
borrow it marinating yes but I think it
should be really good oh yeah we have a
salmon burger here for if you need and
then a bit of salad and all good things
I have a feeling it's gonna be like the
greatest dinner ever made the history of
mankind looks like it well even if it
sucks we still have the view oh yeah
that's why I'm cooking tonight
ready hold on chicken ready let's shake
this last part here we are good perfect
salad is ready and I have to say that it
was kind of warm to do the barbecue here
in the Sun I can imagine yeah well
everyone made fun of me because they're
like God it's a fire if there is a
beautiful yes around
I hope the chicken will be perfectly yes
yes it's not good I have nothing to
blame
we got the salad happening it's good
it's bigger than everyone want to say
that we need a judgement on the council
as you always say bad effect oh yeah
something about
I would love to get my brother actually
this is Maria my brother's girlfriend
she said they bought such a cool vacuum
cleaner that Hawn's now thinks he's in
ghostbusters it calms do more videos
because you're funny yeah you're right
we have an end of the vlog because we
were to look at this like look at where
we are anchored up hmm zero wind here
annoys zero noise just a hundred percent
yes
hahahahaha
we were talking about some vanity today
- hashtag earlier so any was a doubts of
sizes a big get written up a stag
benefit I think that's the side of that
we're tired appreciate guy roaming the
woods I think it was funny yeah well I
think in that very positive Square we
should end today's vlog yeah thank you
Richard thank you Jim yes yes so ciao
and good night
