fuckin good morning morning welcomed
more laundry service yeah we had a
malfunction on the dryer so we were real
creative up there
and now I'm trying to get creative on
attaching the floating wife or because
we are going to Ibiza ah we have been
hanging out here in Formentera it's been
beautiful but I mean a boat is all about
being able to move where you sleep
yes so now the mission is to try to
secure the floaty the pink flamingos I
think this should work I can take care
yeah totally working now we can go full
speed no problem look at how create it
one right here one with the fender
perfect and it's another good morning
here on the boat oh yes except my neck
is like real sore because I sleep like a
beer Hartman aiding in the winter on a
boat and your back my back it's okay are
we going to do some activity we are
doing activities no matter how my back
feels today that's good that's what I
want to hear no but it was like someone
said on the comments like while I wait
for you back to get better because
you're going to break it in anyway again
yeah but now it's secure so I think we
are ready to loosen the anchor and just
get out again
go fast
well done will captain assistant I
totally like lower the whole chain by
myself so if you use your vote but who
he found it Henrik Henry and the pirate
ship hello
uh-huh fly board already well good
morning it's one way to wake up yes we
have fly Barbie of jet board we have C
bought overboard hoverboard jet keys of
diving goggles there yet and Henrik has
an assault bike and a rowing machine on
the top so that he can keep doing
crosses
you drive down here now it's violent
more than it looks
you go high and then you dive in you
better rate
I've tried a similar one but not exactly
like this I had like with the hand
slight thing me Rachel tried we went
super like ten meters high but when you
start falling you know your hands are
tied with other thing it's like yeah
yes your turn at bohat it means you know
what you're doing but suddenly go I was
toggling to put the box whoa first side
yeah ah ha
nice whoa
yeah
I went on I survived yep but when you
dive and it keeps pushing unless you
change direction you're going to the
bottom really yeah
I'm scary but you did pretty well now
I'm awake good morning
now a lead concern is the rich eerie
doing it right you want to try you want
to try the cameraman for the moment I
see you're the tribe I think rich I got
a damn it
yes can be good we must be good recharge
entire big - for this how was it what I
felt the need to perform because I know
you're good at substance so you have to
try the overboard later
Oh
yes like a bar yes the dolphin yeah yes
is not
yeah but it's my first time no problem
backflip did here backflip backflip
exactly
belly flop that sounds like such a
terrible idea
whoa sending it for the ground no more
dates of any I'm totally blaming my back
for the lack of trying the iron man is
in the house
nice
that was a good laugh oh okay I have a
headache now good mornin George honey
thank you I know we're not supposed to
look like a desert oh we have a dinghy
coming oh yes of course I go outside on
this sled ha ha ha
that's like light gold track yeah I mean
coming crap are you going to sled Jenny
I don't know see when you are able to
swipe a flight off the yacht you have to
oh yes yes one two yes hello no problem
so me and mom are you going indirectly
yeah are you ready for this I am ready
yeah yeah checkbox checkbox yes oh my
god think if you go again when you're
wet you're faster oh yeah it's good you
should be like haha now you have the
technique perfect three two Oh
whoa how did it here we are ready
be for the last time yeah but it's like
I'm not used to that like that scares me
way more than a 20 metre clip to jump
off for the book and we got it
yes autumn but don't tell you to make
comics will yes that's on another
adventure
new adventure where are we going the
slide has been slid the water has been
dyed with the key open jobs ah that's
the good news
word we have a limitation over type oh
yeah we're not sure
no I don't example the 50 meters or that
yeah yeah funny when your limitations of
cliff diving is it kind of shoots you oh
well I guess the hard core like ripple
puts our guys they go 27 meters without
anything yeah but they're hard cleared
that they actually know what they're
doing we spit a lot by slide
and we all go off when it was quicker we
change to boot we're just throwing up we
both have activity like you're fine
it is the diving spot either stairs here
oh yeah perfect
looks like heaven to me don't aim to the
tongue over there this is too hard we
first like with the lighthouse why
doesn't Congress like finger higher hey
it's right yeah I was like trying to
like make sure my core was really strong
when I landed huh my back is okay ah
perfect
no broken back no broken by how happy
were you they were challenged to a super
hot yes that's a good spot there but
it's too shallow research your figure
you you're ready to jump I am this is my
turn yeah it's probably bigger than it
looks
so happy to be bunnyville people that
hate high-fives are gonna hate this
board there is like so many - it'd be
fun
Johnny before you only at me now you
have another
but way less scary when you turn back
and you don't really see now usually oh
yeah because like looking down I was
like it's funny without a person up
there it like it looks like four or five
meters but when you're up there look
today
oops benjamine notice a guy you have
more energy than anyone I know I'm
training not a bad place to Train though
right no I feel like we haven't done
anything else but ran around and done
things the entire day and then Benny
finds a rowing machine and goes wrong I
used to be roller still if it's like
yeah yeah for openers maybe I'll go on
the assault bike yeah I totally don't
breath
oh yeah he said
it's nice on the boat I like the view
now
ninety-eight ninety-nine if you got us
100 this thing killed me my legs is no
stable hold on one more for the haters
yeah that's a good thing is that you can
die does it work we good yeah we good
super super a Steven Spielberg film are
coming Benny whoa laughing lovely
oh I'm the two people a minute we pop
pop pop are we leaving already
you're leaving already after after how
many hours of fun when it's me I God
thank you super thanks yeah energized so
we can do twice as many like the last
adventure of today walking on this no
and I think my bag don't no problem
adios amigo thank you so much bye-bye
Ascari coming we have nice neighbors
here in Ibiza just welcome back be 65
timeout it's time for a timeout oh yeah
that too
he's sleeping good night ah now I
prohibit any ideas that have anything to
do with physical activity and extreme
sport including rizal Hellmuth but I
think we should end the vlog here oh yes
but we need those guys to like focus up
the mic hey guys
okay look out like you are never as cute
as your when you have like salty summery
blondie yeah
hola no no no ha you look great but I
was just saying like I think today is
not going to get any better and I don't
know if any day could get that much
better because we were discussing on the
books like thinking about what we did
today I would not have thought that was
possible no back in the day but I guess
it was boss life yeah everything is
possible if you put your cool they can
come I think I think because there
should end today's vlog with getting a
meaningful life mark to say good I need
food so tired you want to do fun things
don't forget to eat yes so over now
angry Joe pepper chicken Sun flare and
Swedish life
