New York move first of all good morning
second of all here's the burrito oh
thank you oh yeah good lowing to God
good morning that's the beauty when you
have time you can cook up a nice burrito
with a bunch of different things and the
ambitious breakfast that's the really
good surprise thanks good oh good and we
should be seen man
pretty done yet and at one point about
one hour 40 minutes that looked like we
left our mission a penis lie upon the
Mornington like that and I filmed the
sunrise I was like whoa and then I got
real tired so that I must work of art
but now we are good then the Sun is
burning shine war yeah
I expect nothing but perfect sums and
lots freedom and lots of blurriness
and maybe try not that jet surf today oh
yeah I'm gonna go get my burrito yeah
good morning any party
one hour and 40 minutes at 9:09 actually
p.m. Reverend I've seen the numbers open
you mean Keeneland no but I thought bird
a second ago well really but it's my
kind of this hate on our item the first
thing we have seen for the last several
hours
oh yeah it's so sick to be on the boat
nothing but now I feel like a contiki to
hate all who cross with that raft you
haven't seen contiki google the story
basically this crazy Norwegian do it
took a raft from Peru to the he D
because he was he wanted to prove a
point
committed to what they wanted to prove a
point that the people that live in
Tahiti they came from Peru and the only
way to prove it was to build the raft to
show that it was possible
Wow please act I feel like a mirage oh
sorry di seabird scores the lab
hello ah the land is this direction how
we see the land yeah we see yes straight
at the Frog or maybe I'm a listen eating
because I'm related yeah we feel and of
course we feel and look there yeah yeah
yeah provided ladies yes tahini here we
come but they're supposed to be this
like really high cliff as well that's
really cool I really think that
Formentera
uh-huh and that should be visa in the
cloud whoo I'm trying to learn all there
is to know so I was sitting with da goal
might like what's the green light what's
that red light how's the radar working
can you drive a boat now yeah no problem
okay yeah till the end
one more hour to go yes how many hours
have you got what do I say what every 27
our no no maybe you control the speed
it's possible but you think when you do
at the beginning did I yeah okay all
right I think it was really more bumpy
than I thought every I would kind of
rough there for a bit
were you sleeping when the drawers came
out like that yeah I heard like glasses
I being mainly memory it was bumpy for a
while I heard like Dallas right asleep
in the front where was I yeah like oh
yeah you should be the one jumping so I
went off and I was working on navigation
with Diego so perfect navigational when
I was out slept one hour yeah back up
and you look like your life buddy go to
sleep sorry sorry for one hours is an
hour and a half only and I came back
from like seven hours of sleep and I saw
each other I said how do you sleep well
yeah two hours make some we will both
have a boat slice and so we can help you
alright
if they bring the egg oh yeah really
good so we have Mr crazy
can I get an anchor Oh Diego did yeah
but he is a captain I'm going to be a
captain one day yes you're leaving
really want to sit all about anything
come don't sit on this we always thought
the egg of the captain uh-huh he was
sitting on the anchor and then filming
dolphins underneath who from the angel
it looks it's just a really bad
situation if you fall in cuz like you
have this thing that's going to like
really mess you up
uh-huh
remote control to mind-control how I now
portable control with my cylinder this
will be a dinghy tender yeah one of the
one of the little ones and vehicle I'm
sure he has like kind of tank thingies
but that is one a while you can't tell
whether it's an old port industrial boat
or like I involved there you can tell it
Wow but yeah we have now officially
tight ourselves up to port I hope we're
not going to fail have you up let's just
say every field a lot last night oh yeah
or 2700 liters what yeah
how many euros
totally worth the money oh if you will
up again your monster the monster is
always drinking
it took us we had this pump we went to
the gas station at like 3:30 or 4:00 and
with this pump and we're pumping for
like 40 minutes I was like 400 liters
whenever I realized there was a full aah
so there was a name then we had to redo
it but it still took us like two hours
to get old fewer no way forever we were
all hanging out I was up trying to like
to pretend that I was useful for
anything except using my credit card
working hard your credit card yeah I
mean I'm trying real hard to be the only
hands you know me the Sonos June it's
time again you cannot live for 1,500
years the maximum that you can put in
one yeah I think it was yes now you have
to redo it's like you're feeling 1500
and then you have to put the pump back
so you can continue and I was more
having my job to put the pump I'm like I
would be helpful with like tying up the
boat putting the Thunder you know both
things and as soon as I tried to do
anything I did it wrong and I want to go
for a coffee we start with coffee we
figure out what to do we are going to
try to get up to the spot in the port
before we're day or two just to like
fill up on water and all that stuff and
then we're going to go anchor up over
there later but we don't know if we're
the spot so we'll see what what happens
worst case we don't have a spot and we
have tanker up in turquoise beautiful
water
I thought this
you
we Santos founder spot it's a little
windy you can't hide from the wind that
good nice book and then you just take
that jet ski into the beach
oh yes but all we need to do now get
anchored up and then you'll watch tennis
track baby oh the one I hope you should
metal watch that you don't want to play
with yes don't if the diamond like oh I
forgot it's okay yeah
is it fresh it's fantastical sister
oh well done it thank you thank you
we arrived safe and sound thanks to you
guys
yes J goes out whoop oh here oh yes no
what what a gracious died ah the what I
do want life problem now where's Yanni
she promised us the bomb oh good a
fighter
that was the least exploding bomb ever
received how nice
oh look it's all dark yes tonight yeah
no it'll be a little smart no no it's
okay
it's not like anyone's gonna watch this
anyway so who cares to swim in your
boxers hola
that was good I did not think you're
making about swimming okay I was really
not put it better so like I got was like
stinging my legs I told I turned around
and he was like ah ah and like we keep
on swimming and like not one to throw or
jellyfish okay background sorry Benny
in Diego jumped and swimming and if the
current was pretty strong this way like
you guys aren't making it back there to
walk all the way out there then try to
swim this way I had one leg behind you
oh yeah we can see how yeah yeah tell me
yeah well you got an adventure
oh yeah ginger wanna trash the books
this one was really bad throwing but we
are about to start cooking some salmon
here on the barbecue little dinner here
with a decent view but not to see
everybody miserable for me some action
communal Noricum Anatole up is going in
for it the sea bulbs are now so we have
one dig knee that has left this boat and
now it's lost here
come on smoke them in LA
Donna I'm not on the hood put the rope
of the day in the mouth oh yes yeah
some perfect dinner entertainment uh-huh
we don't have TV we have people missing
it would be nice yeah we have a dinner
show here I mean who would have thought
about a snorkel man on a sea boat no way
yeah Donna no yes yeah guru can I go
into the boat so bad that's a bad good
idea
Chen's bone rescue boat ha ha ha oh we
are not spotting oh yeah you are yeah
yeah we have like 400 meters and yachts
over there in two yachts do you get good
shots with the sunset yeah I just want
to ace them you know I wanted to move
around a little here's what it looks
like now Mike how sick is that boat we
did sorry yacht ok then
anything well won't that speed the
process thing and it's good that it's
the sunset because I am absolutely
destroy it energized and I have the
light on me because I didn't really
sleep last night I was up helping Diego
you know navigate teaching it means
delay okay you continue you can finish
now okay you help be able to navigate
and we arrive the job might as well yes
and now we're just going to sit here you
and critics and photos and we're going
to watch this are you just going to
watch not take photos I'm going to enjoy
the moment this is not for the grab this
for us yes experience so put that down
enjoy the ride and I think I see great
good job
yeah toto how hahahaha I love event
Oh
Oh
