good morning are you ready
aha there you are you crazy bastard but
I wake up like ah give me yeah of course
I did
sorry like oh please goblin need a
suicide or something I thought you'd be
down here I want us to start organizing
because today uh-huh we are leaving to
the vote yeah take my fingers crossed
wind winds looking good wind is perfect
we're inserting the only problem we had
is that since we're delayed we don't
know whether we're flying from Ibiza
we're taking the boat back kind of
refine from there we're going to a lot
of places afterwards ah so it's
testicles packed but I think we're
looking good yeah I'd say we keep on
packing and yeah we'll figure it out
along the way see you a problem with
this later
everybody ready I just threw the trash
were ready but sounds it's outside our
gate
what's this song's been hanging out our
side a or gate again again but ah we
brought two four pack our bread bolts
that we didn't have time to buy uh-huh
and you're going to love this
what is this a game thing Oh for the
booty tonight yeah yes so yeah if you'd
bring in a pack of Red Bull when I'm
tired in the morning you can do you can
totally say hi no but seriously
no drones no job but blue is the trend
thank you so here we got Red Bull are
you ready honey aah
good morning jobs much judges noise yeah
so she's no he's not in Georgia has an
extra belly up here oh but when you go
on a boat you're not allowed to bring
big bags hence our plus B and then
Johnny light probes everyone like to
predict that yeah it's reciting from
where hello I'm your Olsen I own a bag
company
George start eating ready we are ready
ok we are ready let's go to the boat
ready we almost forgot that oh but when
we did one of the most important things
we have three important things for we
have the water housing the surfboard the
jet surf Richard how are you today I'm
good yeah good
Oh
I'll be ready yeah we're trying to just
stand here and try to make ourselves
useful yeah but no one seems to request
our help and this is Diego has Diego
helped enough richard drive the boat yes
ready I'm ready always already yeah
happy always happy super happy I think
we can officially say we have left for a
visa yeah or for Madeira with jet sir
sir fourth jet skis only fun only
fondant now we just have to the wind
quaver undersold she was with us last
year yes
jumping jumping for the captain by my
port she'll now so now we have roughly
fifteen to thirty hours depending on how
heavy Richards right arm is going to be
I think it's going to be twenty two
hours he always says we'll start slow
and then like you wake up by the boat go
real but I want to patient but in the
morning I think I just had to face the
fact that no one value is my boat guilt
and come trying to help with something
today we're going to have to win in the
back relief twelve hours so that's
really good
we are saving Jews that's good you're
going to lose the credit card you left
oh yeah
for all you going to do this we couldn't
tell I'm lonelier fridge yeah no it's a
bad credit card roulette Toulouse I
should never do it I lose every single
time let's do the end we could be yummy
yummy SPM yeah
Hey
Oh
all good or perfect altar face what's
going on downstairs if the restaurant
just opened mostly what are you cooking
the pretty parma ah what's the sauna
it's like potatoes meat onion that's on
the lake mix of everything funny stuff
fantastic Swedish very swedish fish
uh-huh now we have the very Spanish
Padilla well yeah we've gone for a
couple hours of tests yeah and we have a
couple more to go
Oh God wearing no stress the love you
read Philip and I think I would say two
hours to kind of asking if we were there
yet no way I'm to vote Rochelle do
whatever I'm told are you feeling that's
great any I can be here for so long
last year I remember I was editing in
the front of the boat we haven't come
down go to the bathroom regarding
believe you computer here you were
editing at the throne yeah I was for
five always being waste and it was when
I went in there to see if you were
sleeping I was like sixteen degrees
he has a solution oh no matter premier
it was like one of the first of all
Saturday and there was bumping so you
know you're trying to color great yeah
and you're trying to slide one leg yeah
go hundred this mind is a hundred they
say that seasickness and all this people
with good balance get seasick easily so
they plan must have the worst balance in
the world really yeah you can have good
balance and don't get seasick if you're
stupid enough if you like you're not
good enough makes more sense I guess oh
thank you welcome chef Ricardo what
yeah my place pulled that quick 54 not
you need a cheese sandwich
a true Swedish bit de Bona includes the
cheese sandwich just you know if you're
not from freedom okay - Sol LeWitt's Bon
Appetit I love with the fauna even
cooking in a small kitchen as one in a
bowl cause it's like part of the boat
yeah I'm so excited
yeah it's like we're the boat rotates
and yannis like the whole fit run before
yeah but she's not as well yummy so
we've happy
Oh
are you crazy are you crazy how
about a hundred thousand in your hands
don't do this gotta get the shot
episode orb of water okay I admit it was
a little sketchy but did you get
something interesting
yeah like for you haven't you Instagram
photos for sure now yeah we got it okay
we got to go edit to letting the board
now oh yeah this is because of six weeks
the Sun is gone the Logan zone we should
be okay clown wife dream okay so not as
about that we've had a really long day
sunny gone we will feel alive we're
still alive we'll have another long ways
to go
yeah you guys can follow our the rapid a
journey on the next vlog yeah and I'm
going to run out the drop this in the
water yeah guys to face one Simon I have
full control and I will fully like Ivar
this camera so I'll point by it if
anything bad happens but I love it Joe
you
