manager is for come on cricket
this is like the dumbest freaking hit
there we go just checking that we've had
material don't trust me so he just
caught in the classical music maybe yeah
I know I hate wait I drive this car so
hard Yanni 220 yeah Please Please honest
and good bye bye bye bye bye bye are you
ready for the real speed enjoy bye bye
can you put this one down I'll take this
one in your hair just sweet
how late why are we why are we always
waste no we are not just a for earning
it easier we just want good exercise we
are late on the way to the airport
I was running on you know when the gas
meter tells me out for here we go and I
was running on 0 0 0 because I didn't
want to take the detour
ok that's such a nice running technique
an interval this palladium technique I
have have it back hard
benita hazardous yes my knee still hurts
like I really seriously need to stop
getting older because my brain is not
getting any older and I still want to
jump off the roof and say hey your buddy
hood following know what though and the
drug at the same time Fermat yeah we
thought we were super late but it looks
like we're doing ok
zero no Frankfurt Thanks I mean I think
we're ticking
yes also thank you thank you so much
like a family man food final destination
perfect thank you so much
introduce a night thank you thank you
whoo we are on time going from running
to realizing plane it's late to like
chill mode and Orion Jules in a cock on
Gotti but I almost forgot
normally we only start with good morning
today we're much more like good
afternoon so we should say good
afternoon yes but let's have any good
afternoon good afternoon so the reason
why we're starting in the afternoon is
because we are on our way to fly to
Budapest because I am about to check off
one of my bucket list things I am going
to be able to sit in a real Red Bull Air
Race plane and I've always wanted to be
in a jet fighter or planes like this but
I think Airways plane is about the
craziest thing you can do it oh yeah so
that is where we're starting today
consist we start tomorrow being in
Budapest it doesn't make sense we have
to start where we left off but now that
we know that that we're going to
Budapest they say we can spin a way to
boot up us because you've seen enough
airplanes in this vlog anyway so let's
spend a Budapest and welcome to Budapest
yes this is like actually the morning
light it is now Sunday morning at 5:30
in the morning and we have had one of
those long give box where things do not
work out so 5:30 in the morning and we
have realized that one of the two
cameras that we've been shooting the
entire weekend kind of corrupt the
memory card like Benny has been awake
all night trying to figure out how to
get the files to be uncorrupted but they
are not going to get uncorrupted so we
are team positive we do not you know let
us be frustrated over things that we
can't change no so we are going to try
to do a little bit of voiceover and
figure out how to find a new concept for
this vlog but I think we can get
creative and I hope you enjoy because we
have had one kick-ass day yes and we
still have the best on yeah we still
have the one for that matter it's the
flying part yes so let's take a ride
with with us today we have b-roll we are
going to do a bit of voiceover and it's
as simple as that when shit does not
work out you work with it and do the
best you can good now we have to get on
the flight and fly back towards Malaga
and at the same time try to be creative
but that is no problem
nothing is ever a problem no even though
my brain is a little too slow to like
explain everything right now yeah but it
was perfect
was it okay yeah okay then we have a
good start of replicating the day so
then we go through security and then we
can continue explaining e perfect come
on Hans no awesome John no we call it
because we have a problem we went to
Budapest yesterday and then we were
about to start editing when we realized
that one of our memory cards were
corrupted I don't want to fly anymore
but I know you are creative and you
always have good ideas so I wanted to
call you to see if you could help us
figure out how to make it work in a very
creative hamsa shui
all right let's try I do my best not
give any guarantees away but the story
have you ever heard of the Red Bull Air
Race well this is it it is established
in 2003 created by Red Bull GmbH pop is
an international series of areas in
which competitors have to navigate
through a challenging obstacle course in
the past pilots live individually
against the time and have
complete titers to a slalom course
consisting of pilots known expertise
this time the infinite youtuber you know
some rather through parcels on the
younger the more successful the back
yeah you know that guy he's pretty cool
but anyway this is units are in
beautiful up in the Red Bull Air Race
with the Swedish pilot is he going to
pass out is he gonna vomit either you to
his week is not exactly as he used to be
well this is it
you know some against this G you got to
find the plane so I didn't we didn't
file but a Budapest him look at the race
Norway
yeah like I wasn't the least bit nervous
until I saw the plane in real life and
then I'm like I should just tell the
pilots like can you fly so you can knock
me out like I mean that was the first
thing I had to pilot I'm like look I
don't want to be cocky but like can you
fight to knock me out and he's like no
problem like really
so yeah well let me talk to more and he
was like I was asking like how often do
you feel sick and knock out like
normally when they do that like demo
fight like six to seven G but I was like
what you know it's better for my
videoblog if you knock me out I think
you should push really hard and then the
girls like no you should you shouldn't
be cocky you shouldn't have like demanda
sees like when every man needs to show
how cool they are and then they end up
with puke all over the plane so I had
the Swedish pilot dhania Rita it was
just like I didn't know what to expect
so I didn't know whether I should tell
them to chill the fuck out or like you
know punch in heart did he knock you up
it should be that's difficult you're not
that much athlete anymore no we have the
GoPro footage - what we can do is look
let's watch the GoPro footage and
knowing that we pulled 90 almost 90s at
some times she weigh 80 kilos it's like
they are pretty close you're intelligent
yeah it was seven hundred and twenty
kilos pressing on the seat the look good
yeah let's watch it two three zero
degrees five addition to determine
opposite the film o'clock
you
No
I'll mendelian out the truck lock it
everything I gotta say that is by far
the coolest thing I've ever experienced
times fifty like it was unreal just but
like your vision starts to go black
you're like trying to breathe all fun
but I think I'll be sipping my body
tomorrow because I was trying to tense
every muscle in my body I know when you
speak Swedish like I've only had get
really high recyclin when I saw the
movie of you in the Bugatti you're like
yeah that's like it decided that it'd be
real you know yeah I didn't pass out and
I didn't throw up but at one point he's
like okay you're ready for a G turn and
then I asked him before I'm like okay
but like what's the trick like what do I
need to do to not pass out and you're
supposed to like tense your whole body
like core legs every muscle that you can
like makes your blood stay in the brain
and here's the scary part that I get in
you know first they put the parachute on
all on and all this and they explain
like here you open your belt and if he's
like if I if I yell bail out bail out
bail out she's like that means I'm
pulling that the window of the plane and
you need to open here and like jump out
and I'm like what about that rear wing
that's in the back like when I hit that
he's like Navy but at least you'll
that's better date back then to go into
the very ground with the plane no no no
he was for real like I was like you
think your life is all great and then
you get the parachute like all this talk
and I'm like okay but anyway so I was
asking him I'm like what do I do to not
pass out and when you tense your whole
body place this up there well first we
went through the gate oh my god this is
like kind of fun and then you'd like
like pulled it and it was like someone
dropped a house on my head it was like
but anyway so he's like okay we're going
in 4G turns I'm like you can't see it on
the video but I'm like my legs are
shaking because this video yes I say
your son but believe me I know that's
not your life average YouTube they try
to look excited or something I was like
reveal suffering you also and then I
just see like a black curtain coming
down on my eyes and that was like no
like that came down then he let go
the curtain came up again it was like
lawd to come and away but this was like
if I compare this to right along in
whatever mega super car like from now on
cars are useless like the insanity of
this plane like I could if they told me
you can fly tomorrow in Tokyo I would
fly to Tokyo just to be in the plane 20
minutes Daniel told me that I'm like
what if you pull too hard like and you
pass out like if I pass out you know
it's no big deal you keep flying in it's
good and he told me like once he turned
so hard that he passed out and then like
you know waking up controlling the plane
as it's falling down like does that
sound like a safe sport no but yeah like
as usual I think we should end today's
vlog but yeah should we end with Han
once you get the honor to finish up
today's vlog and we appreciate your help
and support when team over kills brain
is uh well gee forced out of position
okay so I should end it now right here
right now that's it from the video blog
opposes brother Jules he's not as cute
he's not as muscular he's not as
good-looking he's not as humble he's not
as silent or whatever but this is it for
this time over know Hagel from water
Sweden ciao ciao ciao you do dammit I
knew there was something I forgot like I
was transferred to remember everything
we were trying to do but first of all
one I want him to say that there's link
in the description if you want to see
the actual race to see more of like the
full course so you can check that out
and number two is that we figure this
should be online that like
the urine on Sunday so redbull ended up
putting together base 10 favorite vlogs
so if you want to check out what you
know museu old daga thinks is what's
been the best of our vlog career so far
yeah you have all that in this
description below with an interview yeah
interview like yo you'll find it all in
the description that's all I wanted to
say now we can say ciao and I'm sure
Jana once then would shower as well
ciao so far evil
