and good morning good moving we are now
we're finally back here in Marbella
we've had a couple super long days with
trips to Amsterdam and cars and all this
stuff and we figured today we should
actually show a bit of behind the scenes
because we shot so much stuff and we
only showed so little today's vlog is
going to be a little trip back in time
about 48 hours to Amsterdam what we
started building the car and then you
can just see all the random stuff we did
in Amsterdam funny looking so the first
impression make sure like that's like
I'm Volvo
I'm not sure all those were thinking
about it really yeah so the whole thing
is going to be slammed down because we
initially we lifted it for the off-road
setup and those wheels never arrived so
now it's going to be slammed tomorrow so
today we're going to work on the
camouflage yep I mean the idea of self
wrote set up initially came form
there's no cool tires for winter tyres
and then on my ball is make off-road for
the winter but then not wear in summer
so actually summer tires way better and
when winter blues do them we go bonkers
crazy well I guess we should we should
make a game plan I guess all things that
we need to which them to start what hold
and brake likely yeah he's like perfect
stuff yeah whoever you're like would you
show this to people they're like we are
you mad like this you know be said this
is what I'm talking about to help like
the stuff that like you know that takes
time because you want to get everything
right and like I was just looking at the
car now and we have like the perfect
camp canvas to like get the final
touches it's like we have everything
blacked out we just need to lower it and
then details and the difference that
happens within like 24 hours when you
get the final things or didn't sing it's
crazy that's the most interesting part
but look at this here like this this is
the sticker
George where's the illusion oh yeah
that's going on for sure
yeah I thank you I'm excited to see this
oh yes it's like I've never seen one in
real life
no you've never tried I know football it
is going to be insane for the 10th time
this fence oh ha ha ha now that's carbon
Wow Wow
only 1880s no wait also the engine so
this is the jet sir
oh yes which is basically a surfboard
jet power in it is that we thinking so
you can riding every time and nearly
everywhere yeah and have fun Knievel
with it around 65 going to throw like on
a surface that look is insane Wow
welcome to the future that is welcome to
the Future type stuff you know we would
get you know the summer edition of the
car that normally we have skis on the
roof no ski season now they're like what
do we need on the roof now I'm like
we're gonna be first dry um the roof
crap it's like it's made for it
the pop-up doesn't fit the light of the
front and it keeps on going at the back
imagine with the thin ice but likewise
if they're on a computer and I have all
these right here and you never know
until you see it if it's actually gonna
work very high level of winning already
and nothing is there anything but I got
to get back
if it here it come back now it's low you
need at school we just have a little bit
of camera left in the logos that we're
like but the first time we get to see it
slam like yeah you didn't feed from the
until like 11 hours ago I did a nice
trailer no but more and more things are
falling into place you have the papers
coming yep the paper we got the papers
and plates for the car at 2 p.m.
yeah and Benny's cousin is flying in
with them is one yet at 4:00 p.m. so he
gets here at 7 or 8 p.m. and then we're
going to drive tonight so like mega last
minute insurance done yesterday the bags
that they lost state seem to have found
them most things seem like semi official
yeah somebody
oh it's life you survived yeah I should
like retired but they're putting listed
animals were it really Adam some videos
are traced ah now we're talking tah-dah
haha first time you can hear it in real
that is told totally normal looking
hello I'm going to go jitter if I think
we rule but here on the front I could
look at the extra line tonight's our
ethics I would see that in the rearview
mirror I would wonder like what in the
world is going on
you cannot see anything but the other
thing it's like dark windows really
makes a car really the police usually
has a different opinion on that okay I
can
and addy
meet the G winning on the base level
she's back
yeah no reunion here yeah Wow what yes
like I should have kept it sad both
because they look good together
yeah yeah why I came here can the keiki
ever to get louder than this small this
will create a crazy phone Wow never
but it's so subtle yeah it doesn't sound
like a corny and we'll keep working on
this thing
enjoy nice to meet you
don't they drive hard and drive back yes
see this right here
proper motivation to work if you a nicer
dev all of these in a really big around
and the thirds yeah go depending a
bigger house you have a bigger garage
enjoy doubt Oh
bye-bye UNIX time
I missed the sound of the acceleration
but then we would have to leave Yanni at
home of course pence George who's going
to take care of all the
good what's up my cousin just made on
the plane he's on the boys yeah boys are
comin yeah
they are coming points were coming
within the plane was delayed yes we
weren't sure played for cover and now
he's on for the point after time is ya
know so this is this life never take
anything for president first 100% for
church it's good okay that'll committee
with this oh wow
no way
are you kidding me do I really have my
name on George yeah haha no way like a
fair guy at the front and you need it at
the back yeah so I hope you're ready
okay Donny yeah but yeah I'm more of
your profile then yeah I mean yeah let's
hope so
no way yes of course this is insane
isn't it incredible berkelium overkill
is God a team without the Benjamin ok
touch Oh three months ago did you think
you're gonna have your name on the
rollers
no not oh that's the light go okay yeah
having a name on the roll I'm not gonna
pay for it
you could just leave idea with this
really there we'll see if we have time
if we have time I'm gonna have another
surprise for you ready
I get really funny more ha ha then
complain you into like seriously fine
honey
yeah oh you mean this or leave it at
that I'm not gonna tell you anything
okay
it's coming together the slide uh-huh I
concede it
what do you think like go check out the
whole side uh yeah
oh no way no okay go away
I was like yes I will prove no way we're
gonna get a date okay if you want to
join you have to use this hashtag no way
that was a surprise you how can you cook
you're spitting ideas I don't know when
you're tired you come up with good stuff
you're really interesting many needs
today if you're interested just put it
on at a selfie or whatever you know
anyways I'm sorry I'm an official
hashtag do you want to date me good
I think the plates are here really
happening yeah beautiful hahahahahahaha
davier dhania deceiver hey Zuke we've
plenty of time
well done with like the little things
but oh the Gras we get I was really
unsure whether this was all coming
together mm-hmm
but it's what 10:00 p.m. now yeah wasn't
Cynthia that's team Ortega making stuff
happen
Oh
officially Monegasque god
the license plate is like the best
picture you can have and the front one
okay how we look in here center wives
are we putting the exactly here I hope
so it is wrong it's all you right now
stand up so what did you say Benny
hashtag is going to be on this one as
well
hashtag ready needs a day really on this
guy as well sure we must start sending
it like anyone who wants a Benny needs a
date hashtag a hacker but and everyone
for sure yeah are you on your roll
Lambo Colombo's no Ferrari yeah we don't
do for our no no no no unless one
everything is in yeah I'm just checking
if the other a key how do we well it
would be better anyone has the key yeah
we got the key right there ah everything
is in I think what time is it is 1122 do
you want to leave now hold on let me see
here
okay the shortest one seems to be two
thousand two hundred and eighty two
kilometer hello I believe now we write
that 821 on on yet less Brunei next
evening
oh yeah cuz it's tomorrow night what
we're just going to start driving and
then we'll see what we're supplying I've
really been 2 hours or now we can sit in
the car big night I'm used to like
starting trips like this in a race car
that's why by now we have a star roof
yeah and it's we might not use the
handbrake the first 20 kilometers really
we're going to try to start her off so
we'll treat Lord tonight it's nicely
yeah so that was the end of part 1 we
could have made it three hours long but
instead we wanted to split it into two
pieces so that was part 1 part 2 with
the journey home is coming later but now
it's time for us to join up with a
douchebag team we have cruel we have all
scary of curse name with Jessica we're
all here and we have a serious challenge
coming up so check back in the next vlog
to see how this is going to end up over
now ciao hasta manana from our bail
everybody ready
we're ready good night everyone
alright good night
