and it's finally that time it's the time
to present George the rolls yes that uh
say hello
let's do a little walk around this is
George turell's who is the slightly
modified gross Roy's brief let's start
with the engine underneath does a v12
twin turbo super customized by absolute
motors in the Netherlands fill to eight
hundred and ten horsepower and let me
tell you that's more than enough for
this car and we have the dyno papers and
everything that it's actually 810 it's
not some fantasy number
what should we go out of course number
two haha will you have a monster set of
extra life because I come from Sweden I
skied in northern Sweden and in northern
Sweden you have truck drivers that love
on ice you know you get quiet now you
have truck drivers they're all looking
for moose and reindeer so big extra
lights and that's why I've always loved
the big lights that was my dad's
favorite part of the whole car so I love
the extra lights so k9i got the lights
for you yeah so we have two in the front
for the top I should move this way here
mm we have 24 inch for gelled rims
yeah these are not sponsor rims this is
me like okay like I want those guys so
we bought at their I'd like 40s before
everything so super happy with them and
of course most importantly we have
entire letter rules from thread words I
was joking for the guys that thread
where I'm like wouldn't it be funny to
have George the rules on it and then
when the package arrived I'm like they
actually put torch the rules yes so yeah
tire sticker is always an important part
of the finishing touches and then I mean
of course it'll be a guys like we got to
talk about Leah Vegas because if it
wasn't for the Vegas I would not have
the partners in order to come up with
ideas like this and just take all the
craziest things they have in my head and
try to figure out how can I do this in
the best possible way so Thank You Leah
Vegas for like well if it wasn't for you
this card wouldn't be here and we
wouldn't be doing burnouts in a Rolls
Royce oh no like from the bottom of my
heart thank you I always wanted a bird
up in the road you might not wonder why
69 I always did so many car rallies you
always had a number and I was just
playing around with it and then I
realized that with the logo here I
needed symmetry in the logos so we
picked 69 yes and who doesn't love 69
losing and then the little team overkill
logo we felt that we needed a little
logo so we did one real quick last
minute um what else we have we have you
know so name here the budget always do
we have Yanni she got the backseat sorry
Eddie
and then of course the top roof special
solution so Alexander from b2 please
neon who helps me with all the lights
she came up with the idea to use magnets
for the roofs I'm like does that really
work and now after have a driven 2208
two kilometers and this thing's still
sitting here we know that magnets work
yes they do scare me the first little
bit and then let me open here so we can
get up a bit your company since we don't
need skis in the end the summer we don't
need a ski box so that's why we came up
with the roof folks because I always
have too many things I need to bring and
never enough space so we're like yeah
let's put one of these on I mean they
look sick on the car cars and no one
would ever dream of putting that on a
Rolls Royce Oh perfect
to it so in the middle we have a
jet-powered surfboards etsu that we are
going to go play with once all this is
finished oh yeah but we are so both me
and Benny are surfers but you don't
always have waves so now we can just go
this and this is things yeah like it's
all carbon fiber 18 kilos right yes a
monster of a little thing and then we
have you know I'd like to thank mega
China here for these awesome gas tanks
yeah we need gas or the jitters yeah of
course I'm like well there's something
missing in the roof we need gas tanks
yeah because most of all I hate to fuel
up and I always end up running at empty
so now we have gas for that jet surf I
guess for me when I forget to fuel up
I'm what else do we have on the back
here of course we are douchebags coming
through for those of you who are new
douchebags is my bad company that I
started and we don't like to take the
name so seriously so we always like to
joke about it and yet we're do specs
coming through who else does this dollar
roll Rose the douchebag in the rules oh
look at the back Jeff powers sir
that's insane kind of way to trade this
one yeah me too
and then I just love the rolls-royce
absolute motors mm-hmm and of course I
mean with a camel car that uh remembered
the brand new camouflage douchebag line
yes
hello let me model one turn around how
does it looks like if I'm walking like
this next to the car it looks perfect
like I don't know why I'm such a like
fan of camouflage but I just love how it
changes stuff so yeah that's coming out
very soon so check out douche bags
Instagram and then on the stories there
you'll find out one there online it'll
be super mega soon so check that out and
the whole collection and the whole
collection we had every bag in this yeah
and please don't like all go to the
website at the same time so we crash it
beautiful we have a lot of these but I'm
expecting them to
not lost lost more than a day that I'm
real happy he so please like don't go at
the same time and we ordered six times
more than the last shipment so hopefully
that should be enough for you guys
hopefully people don't like camel as
much as I do
but I love those and then of course a
car is never ever complete without a
serious set of exhaust system so this
one has a custom built all the way crazy
system from Quicksilver mmm-hmm I was
like trying to Google around to find a
cool system and I'm like yeah this would
sound anything then I got into contact
with these guys they're like we'll make
you something that sounds a lot so now
George doesn't sound like a regular
rolls-royce anymore and then what do we
have we have a couple more couple more
things of course
dark windows we all love dark windows
and then now that Benny is officially
officially like a hardcore part of team
overkill
she needs his name on the car and his
reaction was just priceless no way are
you kidding me - anybody have my name on
George yeah haha no way but his reaction
to what I put on next was even better
because I figured that if I have Yanni
on the back seat then he needs the grill
as well but then he doesn't have a girl
so we made this hashtag hashtag Benny
needs a date that's the best ideas
you've had any reaction to that so if
you have you know a friend that you
think should date one of the members of
team overkill and you know likes to go
on a rolls-royce
enjoy you know you stache tag if you
were a girl I think you would be a good
soul mate with Benny if you like surfing
traveling the world living a casa combo
I guess yeah and writing real sources
use the hashtag and let's get Benny a
date yes um do we have anything else the
thing is it's like it's like a
combination of a monster sports car and
a four-person cruise let's go however
long you want to go yesterday we drove
2282 kilometers non-stop with us and it
was intense it was still long to listen
Sestak I'll tell you it was better than
a Lambo yes
so sick so we're already starting down
fine with George it's lowered as well by
absolute motors absolute has also done
the wraps that say that you know the two
main power reasons that we are here is
number one the vagus teracle company
because they support my idiotic ideas
like this
and number two absolute motors because
finding good car tuning people in this
world is not easy
I found stepper motor sports in
Stockholm but they don't do Rolls Royces
so thankfully absolute motor stepped in
and I can just recommend everyone to try
absolute they're fantastic there's
fantastic people and we had a great time
with them so I can deeply from my heart
recommend it because I know how hard it
is to find good yeah find good people
yeah oh yeah good people we like good
people but now you've seen the stink so
I say that we do a couple drives show
you the sound and like see see if we can
actually make a proper burn out with one
yeah well I've never really done a burn
out with a roll source right that's
going to be my goal for it okay but
let's hit the gas you guys can hear the
sound we'll enjoy
Oh
ah
so that was George the rules I think
that he's been raised very nicely and
knows how to behave
he's I hope you liked the sound the
acceleration everything to be lots more
but most of all I hope you like the
burnout because I always wanted to make
a burr nut and like a rolls-royce and
just see like every light they problem
stop do not so fantastic so now it's
time to roll home jump in the pool and
keep enjoying this more bad day so I say
we jump on the car I'm like fruits that
way
oh hi what it been toxic ride successful
mission yes George is a lion am damn
good old George we got to have a
beautiful shooting - George morning
oh yes because 48 hours ago we did not
play to put in another finish car we're
in Amsterdam and it's been stressful to
say the lead but now George is here he's
here with his smaller sibling we need a
name for the Guara a golf cart uh-huh
but they sure do look great together and
I mean for those of you Eman doesn't
know me and you might wonder what is
going on with camouflage and yes I have
a camouflage house because I've had
camouflage cars forever and I just loved
it and then Yanni's dad was like he
should paint your house in camouflage
I'm like first of all you're really cool
dad second of all I totally should
so now we have George's home George's
alive George likes to do burnouts and
I'm so excited that was like my one goal
with this so now we're going to go jump
in the pool float on a floaty and then
think about what happens in the winter
for George what is 2.0 so if you want to
check out all the photos and bunch of
writing you have a link in the
description to my website so you can
check it out over there and feel free to
use at any places you want but now it's
full time and things are good core
release over so Cho over a nap from
Kokomo George and the unnamed golf car
and the camouflage juice bags make sure
to follow through specs on Instagram to
know when they come out so let's go jump
in the pool
