who and good morning good morning we are
saying good morning again from Marbella
we have had a long road trip well we
don't want to secret stuff so you're
going to catch on everything soon but me
main most important thing is that George
is ready and we're working on his
presentation so while we're working on
this I figured I was telling penny about
all these crazy car memories I had when
we were driving so then I'm like we
should really do a core memory vlog
because I have so many good and bad
memories and fond things so today's vlog
crazy memories I have a course so first
one I tried to start as old as I could
so we're going to try to do in the meta
timeline with like really old stuff
coming to newer kind of in that way and
the first memory is me sucking on a road
trip it was a long trip and we had a
good Oh which had to gear books that
just didn't like us whoa people we are
going forward our gearbox broke and we
are going from Germany Denmark and I
don't think we're going to get home
today which sucks because I have driven
1600 kilometers after sleeping three
hours I'm hungover this really sucks but
it's been raining and I'm tired
please let a couple look at this
complete blink blink II read read read
all right all right we are going to get
off the ferry then question is will this
card shift in the second year
ah we could always go first gear all the
way to Stockholm oh yeah where again
party time south of here we come so we
didn't end up shooting the end of that
whole thing but it ended in a waiver
from the Danish border up to Stockholm
650 kilometers
I had 1st and 5th gear on the land oh
and we managed to get it to Stockholm
and then realize the gear booked school
was completely broken and I had a buy a
new gearbox so not the best of roadtrip
memories but hey it's a day remember
next clip is it's actually the clip on
YouTube that has the most views on my
account it's a bit more of a fun time
with the same Lambo but with the new
gearbox so today we're going to find out
how does this baby like snow our Ukraine
but it likes to start because it got a
lot of snow
she is ready now we just kind of dig her
out more I do have a rap on this part
for the page
you wear them black people I feel like
it anyway I guess I have
luckily that clip and a good
everything's good about that page so
it's nice I've had a lot of promise with
cars but that was one of the good ones
and then a funny story about this quick
me and Oscar vodka shot this and we
didn't think we had enough good shots to
even make a video and then old scare
about a year later went through his old
stuff and he's like you think you're
making Eddie do this oh my madam now is
that gal make one anyway and that ended
ended up being our biggest YouTube video
so far so what do we know what you guys
like I have no idea apparently and the
next one a very very very old clip that
I don't think many people have seen it
is the first version of the rebellion
and this is the morning of when we were
supposed to leave for Gumble and it was
also the first time the course started
up its engines we're growing out of the
garage twelve hours before we're in
Stockholm gumbo started in London so
what we were thinking about not even
testing a car before I'm going to gamble
that's the dumbest someone's ever done
awesome
as you see I mean the card was like
absolutely wild nine hundred sixty two
horsepower sequential gearbox insane but
nowhere near complete enough to do a
gumball with so the biggest wrong we had
was that the top guest in the engine was
leaking so we had air into the water
system and the millenniums kind of
broken so then me and Oscar had to grab
another car and drive straight from
Stockholm to the start of gumball and
that was we were pretty tired at that
point and then the next clip that's like
five days later driving during gumball
and this is one of my favorite clips on
my channel because I had such a good
time that day it was me Bode Miller were
Nickerson I know but I wasn't there yet
he came later late Christian how again
and took on a Swedish friend of mine and
we were driving pretty hard that day so
my favorite quest well pray my whole
youtube channel
and
Oh
only from when you drive fast is that
sometimes you end up getting caught how
much we're we doing
they happy free work going any fool to
fun and games or other guys I was
vomiting so kind of sensitive
I think I really uh see we're trying to
keep it legal here and then this this
really fast motorcycle thing comes down
to the back so I'm like kind of chillin
he goes like this and I started
hammering at it and I'm totally thinking
I'm winning the race until he puts on
it's loose and we'll see you for 222
yeah so like sitting here by the wings
that was you pushing but the police guy
was actually super super nice and even
though we don't have video of it the big
police chief's that came and picked us
up these are all very nice car
well I mean I believe a thousand
kilometers to go so can we just pay and
go like oh you ain't hundred I was like
nah he's like you give me rides in the
Lambo I give you free speed for police
station and I'm like what yeah no
problem
so he goes out on it's like police bike
with the blue lights I wish we filmed us
but we were we couldn't do it so he goes
out with the police bike blue lights
start doing 250 the brace bikes that
caught us behind us two or three gumball
cars doing 250 and a police escort and
you're like bitch this just not
happening this is insane
so we're catching up to other gam
ballers that it was just like delight
who are you like you know the precedent
or like no we just met they're really
cool please because we were nice and
respectful and yeah it was awesome
and then the next clip is on our way
home from Istanbul on that very same
Gumble we woke up in Istanbul like super
tired most gumbo teams you know they had
their concierge oh here's your transport
sir how you do this and like you know
they woke up and then they flew out
we woke up like dead and then we're like
is Rudra so cold so we go in Istanbul we
checked and stuck him on the GPS and we
start driving is 3,700 something
kilometers and you know now how long
2200 is yeah the problem we had though
is that I didn't have papers for the
cars I only had a photocopy and it was
like water damage I was really unsure
what
I was getting out of the country at all
so we need somehow at the GPS took us to
this one like super ghetto border
crossing dirt road and number like oh
man this is not good and then the border
guy like stamps the papers like you're
good to go no really
and he said yeah big problem and he drew
like a beet with water I'm like what do
you mean
and then this happen so this foot would
have been longer if it wasn't for the
guy with the machine gun yelling at
Oscar that he would like shoot him if he
kept filming for yeah the only way out
of Turkey degrees on that border
crossing was through a river but we just
wanted to get home so we took the lamb
blow him away thread through probably
one of the stupidest things I've done
but when you do all these road trips
that are this long you just stack up on
a lot of hmm let's call them interesting
memories and then the next car we're
moving on to the Audi r8 supercharged
full wide-body carbon-fiber body
probably one of the most expensive
builds I've ever done we changed
everything on that car and it was sick
but it wasn't really a hundred percent
perfect like that we always had some
problems with the suspension and stuff
but we still had some great times with
it and we're going to show a couple
clips of this
let's put subtitles on the police or the
border crossing man that was not amused
by our doughnuts at the gas station okay
think on it quick where's the door
no English right nope hey German no I
don't be sorry
yeah Monte Carlo yeah no Alice resort or
lower I don't pick up the phonee
in Christ I'm sorry my my tired I'd go
there because I've been doing it long
distance yeah
Norma's liner I don't think German good
I see with how we let let us stand here
you saw the Karma
you see people once aiwei
Oh
but for once that was one of the long
road trips it was hooked up to Stockholm
and we did not have a single problem
well besides the customs thing but of
course everything was running perfectly
I'm so fun to drive with mask mask
you're a great driver if you watch this
and we had such a fun time with this LP
570 so great trip super fun ok now we're
moving on we've had a lot of summer
stuff moving around a bit of winter
stuff that me and curl the original
editor of the video blog was shooting in
one of my favourite cars ever the Nissan
GTR and this is us having a lot of fun
between Val Gardena and the body in
you ready for this
by me
whoo
Wow man that was killer without rally
drivers gonna keep going get your skis
back and we'll see out there in the ice
skating rink tomorrow
that was awesome yeah and a fun fact
about the Nissan GTR is that I drove the
Nissan GTR from November through April
pretty much only on snow sideways I
drove it 60,000 kilometers so when you
think we drive a lot like for a few
years I was you know I was around a
hundred thousand kilometers per year
every year so we drive a lot but there
was one one of my favourite cars they
just kept running and loved it and then
of course it wouldn't be like record
video without the famous r6
that you know nine hundred and something
horsepower wide-body DTM Gracie gold
turbo 406 that segment motorsport built
and let's start with a few clips of that
things you can hear the magic sound and
Al fun that wants to drive it in the
snow
with that one I was also an uber taxi
driver for today so anyone could book
the Audi rs6 so I was a toll on taxi
driver today and it was really fun to
just pick up people and see their
reaction of being inside this car
gonna out watch baby walker thought
the monitor
and I think that is going to conclude
today's memory blog I hope you guys
liked it it for me it's so fun when I
look back at the best and I'm like I've
done a lot of long trips a lot of
problems and but it always comes out as
good memories I hope you enjoyed it we
are now going to get to work on George's
presentation so make sure to check back
tomorrow afternoon and we're going to
hopefully add some more car memories to
this so over now from our baya and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
ciao ciao
