and good morning good money what do you
have in your hand I have a mic to go cup
a cup I needed a coffee in the car early
morning it's your show because we are on
our way to Holland the Netherlands to
pick up George the angry rolls movie so
early you know always bright and early
in this vlog
you know Mike my time of day right now
I'm shining in the morning and then at
night I'm sucking so we are at Malaga
Airport and we're going to go check in
and we have seeker bags so we can't show
anything of the bags so I'd say we do a
little spin into the plane yeah
supposedly we're going to give it a
happy guy because we are happy yeah
because we our batteries are heavy when
it comes to carry on weights and they
were nice to us yeah we were just let's
just say our jackets are real happy this
is going to carry on anymore
no that's the bad thing about cameras
their batteries are heavy especially
when you're cooking overkill yeah cuz
then you can't surrender is it boring
yes no it was probably almost like we
arrived to the check-in and we saw this
huge line and I'm like we're finally on
time to like stand in line so this was
down in there Benny's like I'll go get a
cup of coffee and then we realized that
that was the wrong line and that's the
line for our flight was empty we were
the last guys on yeah as usual after
class yeah
this is today's Malaga Airport
recommendation upper crust the salami
and cheese forget nor shoes very good
director yes means I can aside okay
thank you
I think I know you yeah yeah you a video
made cute or something like that yeah
yeah leave the video have a good day
right yeah first first Oh see early
where is everybody
this is we are actually earlier because
we arrived right at the gate one they
started boarding so we went straight to
the gate to be first and that's how you
do you do lose time yeah
right now we're going to learn to knock
high five
as soon as we get excited we're going to
high five yeah because you have the
tickets right no I have the ticket Tony
tag hola hola hola
cheers to the weekend in Holland from
the start of a mellow weekend but mostly
not to relaxation and no stress no
I
yeah good morning
looks good she did well yeah we slept
like your babies on the flight light we
got on like Oh sleep now no internet
connection or nothing it was great I
needed a little bit of rest me for
flying in it was cool to see the
Netherlands from the air because it's
like such a crazy country - beautiful -
what's good yeah that could have been
real I think this country has to be the
country with the cheapest like
waterfront properties in the world
because the whole country's waterfront
we are in Amsterdam in case we didn't
mention me I don't know tired this
morning and now we are on our way to
rock the dumb - absolute motors who has
been racing George to be a bad boy been
a long time coming and the reason that
it's taken a long time is because where
I've been too busy vlogging and I
haven't had the time to make all the
decisions needed in order to make a
quick process I was an Anthony soldier
told us I saw George when I bought
George and then I sent him straight to
his foster parents and and it there and
then he was gone
but now we're going to reunite again yes
absolute where you were looking for over
there where and kamorin tell cat that
would sort of in the orange over there
yeah I mean you cannot miss it no I
can't right now the bus Airport pick up
yes follow well at least you have board
shorts that were ready this is its if
you can do them you can put it on it's
already with what were they
it was the fruit of the best oh yeah
from study both or palpable hello my
radio play I get it as it had cannon
from a motor
yesterday now we've been telling that
you've been bracing giorgia bad boy to
the gentleman
really nice I don't enemy boy we really
keep you know how to ski by yeah yeah
they want to mortgage the first tip
airlines I'm gonna grab this one yeah oh
that was my AC you came to the
Netherlands on the hottest day yeah the
whole year here compared to 2006 I
called because I was happy I fresh out
of you well I hate to disappoint
whoever's watching but we can't show
George day because we want to finish
finish him up first
yes so that's sort of on the plan for
the data work on the last little bits
work everything out and like you know
it's the final touches that makes the
whole thing it's a nice suit I've always
this like this has always been a dream
of mine I wouldn't mind having one a
distance I the lighted windows like this
here to me I mean I've always thought
they look old porch so this is this is
all foot with like I just saw this about
you because I'm a I've never seen one
well what do you have on your buddy
what are you doing I'm making camouflage
and it's making me crazy like I'm trying
to replicate this one side of the other
side say walk around to look at the car
and then by the time I get back here
I've forgotten what I was going to do oh
yeah they just called slow but they're
going really well it's turning out
really good yeah it's just here it's
just like a little bit of yeah I look
fresh in my eyes done ready to prison -
I bet some teen time today we retired
today yeah we're fighting but let's just
say that we got no it's turning out
really good really happy with everything
and like things are aligning but there's
still a lot of details to be done but
like there could have been like four
different things that didn't work today
so it's movement they didn't work I'd be
like place them under the car and then
asking them to drop it on but no they
work but now I'm just trying to figure
out this one spot that's like really
giving me a headache
because when you're doing all the design
on a computer you don't see all the
little shapes on the clock yeah and then
you come here and you're like damn it
he'll sit in my network 3 weeks on it
needs to be tweaked and that's cheeky
and you know also vlogging when you
can't show a single thing will mean you
don't want to show and we could show but
it's way more fun to show the frame the
finished art do you want to see one
thing
AHA George is coming alive yes that's
all we're going to show ok now we got to
continue because in the pace I'm doing
this they will have a camera car by
Christmas good luck
thank you I'm gonna need it
time to go I think it's time to go we're
what hits 11 yeah we left Marbella 19
hours ago it's time to go we actually
have a hotel now and I think maybe we
are actually also getting the plates for
the car tomorrow we're having a one of
Benny's friends fly from Monaco tomorrow
because I'm just getting the plates now
fly from Monaco to here if you give us
the place we can drive maybe tomorrow
Maria Zuri there's a lot of like we're
going to cut this vlog short because I
looked at yesterday's vlog and I
realized why I'm tired now because I
feel like complete the in pain person
and the next 48 hours are not going to
be chilly there no N Things here how do
you say goodnight and goodbye in Dutch
goodnight is God rested bud Bell Bell
just slob lacquer yes publican I was an
easier one level of lacquer just
