good Morgan mornings well yes this
morning for most people but I've been
awake since 3:30 because I woke up by
freaking mosquito and then I had all
these ideas because I mean you know we
had this like car coming in a couple
days
so I woke up 3:30 I'm like I can't sleep
so I went down here and now I've been
drinking coffee and and writing like a
book on it up and I'm like Benny Benny
you have to wake up because now we are
about to transform this pool into a
saltwater pool because finales are
amazing gardener it's going to come and
we're gonna dump my bags of salt in the
pool and then change the Machine the
hoops and now it's going to be saltwater
no more chlorine like yeah and you can
say Yannick is where Johnny this is for
you if you don't swim now I'm gonna like
push you in let me - no excuse no excuse
nobody's going to be nice to the
saltwater pool I think and then the
tiles they'll be white later soon can
you see they had a lot of coffee like
when it's 8 a.m. and you have like three
books written on your computer I wanna
see eat no it's time to eat everybody's
a mega child up for the tanning bed
they're pretty nice actually really
useful I will see when they come right
morning morning
yeah you can use it right away ah yes
the soak is here that feels so weird to
put all that salsa but with the salty if
not better in the pool oh yeah yeah good
money is okay but I wonder if that's
good or bad for underwater swimming I
mean we won't explain to be able to swim
in the ocean yet so we need to replicate
that's actually why we're doing a
saltwater pool so we can replicate the
yeah beautiful in Marbella and you need
saltwater pool that will put one else in
from the description yeah and you're
doing Richards later later important we
go first this was for each other oh yeah
this machine yeah what's will reach out
because said no no because it has family
here we can then see the poll perfect
thank you Richard know we did a
high-five again and it's not even 9:00
in the morning we said today we would
only do this okay if they say we do this
way too much Danis everything is in I
think everything is in and where do we
go we're going to leave this mess here
we're going to go to the boat huh
seaweed like today it started so awesome
but now I just have like a million
things so yeah so we're gonna go on the
boat and like jump in headfirst and like
it is drive to the boat let's strive to
the bus
no I was like what we have the Gulf's
car here and we're going to go get food
huh but then I realize we can't lock
anything in here
oh no yeah the bring everything that we
just grabbed it give me this one
we are we are on official duty for the
boat today so they do to delish oh I've
never been to the dish but we are gonna
get a lot of the lake and the cold press
juicer next door yeah
welcome to delish wonderful there
zucchini pasta yeah good to do sir
hi what did you get you'll be surprised
the pictures right haha you can now
let's ping to the book
well you find a friend today I guess one
of those sports cars I mean he really
wants to be a golf car but he was just a
little lower and powder
oh yeah way too loose yeah for sure
anything to take the golf car over
list iron hahaha
I'm gonna try to not drop everything
here on the floor Sicily not on the base
got it
I hope this should be enough for
everybody
mmm oh it's like distressed you get in
the ocean and everything goes away yeah
we have these like old wigs that are
giving us a bit of a mistake and we just
saw some dolphin yeah that one
everything was it also is a good day
uh-huh but yeah they're never usually
when we go to your browser
there's always often you know not like
right outside of it before like next
time we should swim next to the doesn't
I ordered that I just really thank you
all right I bowl then I order the adult
fan you look like Nick the video
promotion yes
no yeah yeah that was the dolphin ah
yeah oh yeah oh yeah leave a comment
about it yeah we apparently do it like
the first needed this morning was high
five on out yeah and they're like guess
it's like you're just too excited but
it's just that's what we yeah even when
we see the Gordon I'm like yeah sorry
sorry about that we're going to go like
this from now on
hope that feels better for their guys to
you that are commenting them you can
high-five all day every day all day long
nominee
okay going to the gas station for you
chouchou your back making it Benny
everlasting energy alright I was amazing
College is way too fast and say but you
are on the a kimono like really I have
oh yeah but he was good so I think it
was good fun time from oh yeah that's
right let's go up now it's time for that
me in their wake up
I
what
that was what the school ball
nice diving well on this one we can't
even do this no that was the best diving
trust that we managed to get diving for
like three hours apparently we are
terrible dive donors yeah we're good at
diving vanilla which place they go from
the bottom I couldn't see it and then we
I couldn't have any is like camouflage
next time I'm going to buy any a pair of
orange shorts like neon orange and like
an orange mask how many times did you
have to turn around to try to find like
I don't think I ever saw Benny
underwater a single time though when
we're right at the bottom I saw you but
everything on the way to a nemesis
behind like a good we're here why are
you turning the other way around yeah we
got some work to do but it was really
fun to die yeah so - the filming party
was awesome I was really like sort of
expecting us to capture like this epic
diving segment straight out of National
Geographic like your intro yesterday but
we have some dishes that Alec officious
this isn't seaweed then two weird guys
try to find the camera
how much did you enjoy that till I got
hahaha
are you guys alive why you need time
apart I love that thing every second
except when you're next to Phillip and
you're doing this an acceleration I'm
not on the big one you're like yeah well
done yeah remember we can't tie fire
anymore why because people say that we
aren't I've too much you wash you can
never say five too much ha if you say
this it's the truth yeah
that looked really good
with the tattoo huh yeah yeah yeah a
sentiment
everything is always for sale right you
have a buyer well it looks like it's
mine right yeah had that look mine look
my guy you you look great in that
look now I know how it looks know how
we're gonna do extra money - yeah thank
you for these bigger thing I thought for
a good day yes
yeah I think so much for this amazing
day yeah I think so was amazing rally
driver do you think we can just like
magically make a wish and make like this
disappear yeah that's a later Poland
when you have a problem you're gonna
trade are always you know you have to
stop this you woke up at 3:30 yeah nice
and no you keep on working there it was
a horrible finish that has these little
like marks have to paint again the first
epsilon I don't in March you see the
most snow then obviously I I have to
shoot some photos and they're going to
wait for this on rolling our mornings
I'm trying to just stay busy they stay
awake so I guess your photos and then
sleep even politically it's their slots
up one all night to day so almost done
with this Oh even your body thing you're
just up you're sweating like a pig ah I
have a final roll oh it's sunny yeah
nobody say obvious rub an employer
wondering how many strong stirs with me
ah I think we do a little spin and then
we'll spin back once our days over you
we feel good win the low getting no I
was hoping you forgot I surrender to the
day whom I gave up trying to be
productive ended up with Ben & Jerry's
on the caption I mean when you wake up
at 3 you can do this at the end and I
sleep no it's gonna cook oh wow we've
been awake for worked way too long so
we're making it quick
so from no I got so tell me enjoyed the
vlog thank you yeah good nice
