and good morning from Tulum paradise
this but you've been Yanni's been
wanting to bring me here for four years
since she last one and I'll be like
there's no surf there but now I realized
why she wanted me to come we've started
it's been like the best trip in history
of the world woman let me sit down there
we go
as I was saying it's been an incredible
trip it's been fantastic to not be
vlogging filming instagramming social
media now at all times because normally
if we go on a trip we go and do like a
million things and we a vacation ends up
being pretty hectic here we walk from
the hotel to the Sun beds and we've
really had a vacation yes I think it's
time for some breakfast and I mean we've
been cheating a little bit on the
filming and photo part cuz this is too
fun but now breakfast and then we'll
continue exploring Tulum because this
place
I mean hello
plus some bed hotel massage place and
it's nice we currently have a tan so
that we don't have to greed and be like
should we look at the hotel from the sky
yeah we are staying that see I haven't
filmed this so long that I kind of
forgot how to like wrap things up and ya
know I've always been bad to that but I
wanted to say let's have a look at the
hotel we're staying at love Elise and
it's I think it's it's the nicest hotel
here we walked up and down the beach and
this looks the best I think so let's
have a little look from that from the
sky what we have some breakfast
and I think one of the coolest things in
Tulum is that you can be on a beach in
the middle of nowhere I look this way
palm trees turquoise water and nothing
if you look this way same thing and I've
never been on a paradise beach like this
it feels like a deserted island and I
think that's the number one thing about
Tulum there's not that many people and
it's incredible because every other
beautiful place is crowded now we'll
meet me and the Misses we're just gonna
chill here tan swim and enjoy this
incredible place
and maybe take a photo or two because
it's really hard not to actually hold on
we are doing a tiny little collaboration
today as you know we are mega fence of
the gh 5 we use it for everything but it
is a film focused camera so today we are
having a look at this sky the G 9 and it
is it's basically a gh 5 but more
focused on photos so after half that's
why we're taking too many photos because
this has been incredible we already have
all the lenses so we've been able to try
it a lot and I think this G 9 is going
to replace one of our GH 5s so that we
can take more photos because in this one
it shoots 180 slow-mo 180 frames per
second slow-mo 4k it has a lot of what
the gh 5 has but it has a few photo
functions that I love it has the screen
on top which is good and I love the
design it's a little more square be cool
looking the only problem with this
camera is the yani kind of really likes
it so she might steal it
but it truly is a fantastic camera and
if we can do a collaboration with a
product that we would have bought it's a
good collaboration so g9 if you film a
bit but you also love photos both
cameras work but you have this control
the focus point I like this little
choice that great viewfinder as well so
since we've had this and played with it
I'm gonna post a blog with a lot of
photos because I have so many photos
from this trip and it's complete
all right it's brand-new we just got it
the day before leaving here link in the
description to my blog feel really
excited and I can make I make a mega
recommend it it's not many cameras that
I want to buy this I would have easily
bought if I didn't have a collaboration
but now let's take some photos
time to head back for some lunch I love
you too
I mean I love you I love you in two
palm trees white and I love these
trees is they mean wilderness and yeah
we could stay here forever and we think
what we gotta stay out of the Sun
because realized Sun it's really strong
so now back to our beautiful hotel and
grab some lunch
one more shot
and this is our lunch routine guacamole
fish taco these fish tacos chili ah
I'm Ashley they're faint merci beaucoup
all right muchas gracias so now we're
gonna dig into this what this week
but I think the one thing that has made
this trip the best trip in a really long
time is the fact that we have we've been
chillin here we actually went on a
vacation and had a vacation because a
lot of times when I go on vacations we
go do a million things and you feel like
you leave feeling like you need rest but
this time we actually somehow managed to
take it very easy and chill and and
that's been fantastic maybe it's because
we had a load break so that you can lay
here and you don't have to like have in
the back of your head I probably can't
film a Sun bed all day but now it kind
of looks like Yanni is ready to go
swimming you're ready to go swim
oh I don't think I've properly showed
the backside of this fantastic middle
hotel montre lair jungle so this is
where we came in the first night it's
like we have our own private villa small
boutique hotels my new fetish it's at
that time what time is it
Johnny loves her mojitos and when you're
sitting here looking at this it's not a
bad plan so I say once again we take to
the air while we wait for a mojito cuz
this place this place is just nicer from
the air so you get a full perspective on
where we are this is just I say it a lot
is this the best I've ever seen but this
might actually be the best place I've
ever visited I agree
and it took yani four years to try to
get me to go here cuz I was like there's
no surf there now you understand what I
meant
now I understand so let's have a mojito
I kind of forgot
how to do transitions I missed it but
now we're back come on they're gonna get
the same yeah probably
whoa check it out I have an idea instead
of ending a vlog in total darkness and
what are you doing what I was gonna say
instead of editing a vlog in total
darkness I think now when the sun's
about to set
I say it's a good time to end the vlog
yeah now we're gonna go and have fish
tacos
yes we are at local the best fish taco
I've ever had the past the best of us
but yeah it's that good
and nothing is sponsoring guys we just
like the opinion we just like good stuff
so I hope you enjoyed this sort of like
yeah a lot of a lot of drone flying in
this vlog now wait damn it
now you guys are gonna stop watching
because it's the ending and I can't say
like what I really want to say now I
feel like there's so many things I
always want to say and then I see the
views drop either way I feel rested I
feel energized energized more tan better
to grade so now we are gonna see you
guys on Tuesday where I'm not but no
laying here until oh man it's gonna go
too and I'm gonna go to Santiago so
we'll see you I didn't say where I was
going in my life
oh no but I'll see Benny in Santiago so
over and out from paradise on earth wow
this drink looks really big because it's
in the wide angle it's not that big
actually
yeah I mean not you're making the ending
look okay sorry over and out ciao how's
the manana not Hass bad what's up how's
the Marcus no wait my arms getting real
tired mark this is pro is that Spanish
or French hasta Tuesday okay see you
guys soon Lunas mark as miraculous
yes it's Montes
uh-uh damn it I know there was one thing
I forgot I was gonna say make sure to
check out my blog with all the pictures
and yannis linked down there
you also have a link to the g9 so you
can see all the specs and everything
like that
and then you also have a link to local
the awesome fish taco and love Elise so
check it out all in the description and
please don't crash websites but that was
it
now I can chow again scheudle nailed it
you
