you
you
I know I wanted an electric freaking
garage thing I mean the blue door was
great no no
Luna's but having this upgrade so due to
many high fives know you can never do no
no fives means that you're excited and
we are a bunch of excited people good
morning good morning good morning but
now I don't with this thing I'm like
okay we have got a good gait but first
of all like paint we need paint well
basically you see the mess here kind of
the same mess that we saw in the laundry
room so our plan is to turn this room
into a nice room all right let's remove
everything yeah we're gonna do that and
then we have a bit more fun business
later me yes we do yes we do mm-hm
not for you not for you though you're
gonna be like the new room when we have
our fun business what do you suppose
she's gonna be locked in her room when
we go yeah when we go to fund this and
no no I had them do this massive thing
you're just kidding let's put this thing
somewhere hold on
yeah figure the old dishwasher can have
it flat to Ray at a tripod ah
so when you think you get a little
better each time and I know one of our
weak sites the first time was that we
think clean enough so now we are gonna
have some cleaning thing and some
cleaning stuff and it's probably not the
rice but I think it's gonna be better
than left
yeah
where you get sticky from I read a lot
really no this is picnic
yeah well we have a pillow that was
going to the trash so I figured why not
give it a little time to get the phone
business and then then we'll be back
once we have a paint solution ok Liz
good that's good with us yeah we feel
totally in place here we go far next all
the such thing as you can write up your
house like a construction truck anything
sits in the big ladder yes grab that no
we activated alarm deactivates yeah so
that no one comes in as feels our Luck's
and our private settings for the vlog
yes you have a question what do we do is
it are we getting closer to figuring out
what we're done as you know we like
really want to jump from the roof it's
not really deep enough and it's kind of
like it's hard so we figured if we buy a
ladder put the ladder guy here and then
we extend that we can go step by step
shoot underwater see if there are four
on the top then we're going to break our
spine or not yeah
if we need the bottom of this cool but I
think it sounds like a freaking
incredible plan uh-huh it's too smart
and absolute the pillar is useful now
yeah
okay we're now at the top of Mount
springboard at casa como you might come
up with it's a thing fur ball it's no
probably just gonna get it in a big one
oops we'll try it from here have
launched and then big that right back at
it
okay I hear are you okay yeah except my
ladder with my one foot on the spigot
loading whoo no food the painting expert
yeah so this is for all white punk Lea
yeah we're gonna take a week's vlog
break cuz we're going to paste the whole
house forget your approval yes I mean we
probably won't get approval very nice
you remember before yeah yeah yeah
really nice so much okay buddy yeah I
open for you you're ready to start
painting I think I am I think it's like
it clean us and kind of get I'm hoping I
do you mind if I join you on the work
house and I let you paint
oh yeah okay perfect
yeah yeah I think that feels much better
I don't want to feel like you come here
and you're like a slave painter I'm
going to go ahead and crush this floor
and you guys curse each other I will
crash go like I would push go harder go
home yes
haha oh that was nice super nun I want a
high five but even though good luck with
this thank you all
mommy duty oh yeah
Melinda duty hmm let me to take over the
painting arm how about you bring money
and I will try to finish up here unlike
in world with a floor
like freaking epic when you want to
enjoy okay - and then we go to me yeah
oh hello
so that's spotlight yeah I don't even
know how I got it yeah is the best
moment you could have it right yeah did
you hear that solid yeah high five high
five with my pin oh you have faith now
laughing hahaha okay let go
ha ha ha finish me
oh yeah I'm so sad but you're sick
sweaty
I like Susie I see the Kruegers wow wow
so bright ah hold on Philip have we
don't hear about our secret upgrade no
no wait here 3 seconds and I'm going to
show you what secret upgrade looks like
do you see anything yes or not no how do
you both like a jumping thing that's it
ok tell me how many centimetres they
have for the bottom ha ha ha Wow you
were like this clone Robin oh wow so you
all the way to the sub now I'm at the
top
the air baby are you ok yeah so you put
sig disliked I made y'all know yourself
a letter do ready
I am super idea the only problem we have
is that I should be scared and you're
not are you Vera
heard you kids boring straight ready to
jump in woo
hahahahahaha the judges yes
me
doing cameras like Sandra's like really
soaking want to make everything I think
that that told that was a swimming God
sustained it to look this thing that we
were successful and that we should take
a break
we did it yes five years in the making
I've been setting up there and then who
knew that like it's just all about the
language fish spread like a starfish and
like really take some impact on your
body yeah that's all you need
yummy I might need a butt massage
tonight I might need one too but you're
okay now
ah so big - Annie what do you say to
your incredibly awesome boyfriend good
again the lint is so blurry yeah we'll
stop we'll be right back what's that
bigs dry almost done with the day ha
uh-huh one more layer then we're good
like I'm gonna start painting everything
please no but a crazy difference it
makes let's go surfing instead yeah I
mean okay I want everything much I don't
want to taste everything my heart but a
good day is not a good day without a
shooting sunset time zactly Yamini I'm
on our last night and absolutely killed
oh yeah in shooting white yeah and it's
always nice to vote for a little golf
car ride at the end of the day keeping
all your stuff in a mess outside the
garage is it look at the nose look mrs.
but that is all tomorrow's schedule now
we are going to go for we shouldn't
leave Maria cruising Oh Alma sure you
know one thing
okay shooting you and stuff something to
Tuffy I'm trying to be faster again most
of them are really excited these guys
are going to be so excited whoa Oh Santa
okay
oh okay one photo for it yeah I think
the other ones are really happy behind
white one more yeah we got it
Thanks that's us there you go I know we
need one to go with you oh so she's
excited oh these guys are so pumped yeah
sorry everything for the truck she was
so jealous had a pink shirt and she was
like I wish I could pose on this wall oh
wow that was really not afraid
everything feel the feeling here it's a
good shot we have some girls going to
join join join join the party oh I think
I've seen some people's really happy I'm
happy that there is such a nice shooting
in the creeks it should be the one
that's such a nice nice matching really
nice matching next any semester house oh
and don't forget to check general
ergodic um alright
is this the last one yes we did the
exact same note I'd say - like my
painting incident it was a fantastic day
yeah remind me we have a white garage
door so not all that bad but Yanni found
probably the busy street in all of San
Pedro with the pink walls yeah I didn't
understand like I've been driving and
passing it and it's been hard life is
all about challenge guide and we could
assure that that is why we put all the
weights we have on the top of the roof
and we realized you can jump from the
roof Oh max you have to come back now
and jump higher you only jump from the
edge what seems like come on no but that
was good yeah it was good we could start
in the summer of like thinking
creatively of things up that are stupid
to do these typical things are fun but
now over and out from our bay out we'll
see you and we'll see what happened this
next time yeah
so I would say to wonderful know
