good morning - good morning you sleep
well thanks to your haircut we can say
so yes it's a nice look and it's really
high
that's if you want to watch socks I use
it's called swimming in the pool 24/7 I
think it's time to cut my hair real soon
yeah yeah no I think it's real like this
yeah yeah yeah look at me it's growing
and growing and never stops I think if I
can feel the volume what it's like this
I think it smells like this like this
yeah yeah that's like cool like a cooler
murder cop we just got out of bed yeah I
don't like this cute it's no morning but
I don't want to go out the door like
this then I'll be cute we can look in
like this drink in my coffee but yeah as
usual we start our morning right here
every single day because if you can
start coming you guys do you see us
floating around on floaties and like
doing nothing but that's not the whole
truth
like every single day we set the alarm
really early and then we get to work
that we can get enough work done to true
things that are fun to shoot so it's
really like the best combination in life
where you work super hard in the morning
and then the rest of your work is making
blogs and blogs and instagrams have to
do things yeah yeah that's where the
magic happens and I'm doing stuff that
you guys are going to like that's my
focus this morning and today's question
again how's the rolls doing okay here's
the deal
we know that the wheels were supposed to
arrive in customs two days ago but as
soon as that I get confirmation that
like all the parts are there we BAM on a
flight and make sure help wrap like do
last finishing touches and then we are
driving it back here yes so that could
be today well not not today because it's
Saturday so I probably get confirmation
but it could be Monday and then it'd
probably take a day or two to fix it but
we are close and I know there's some
cause I had to mention it that it's not
like we're holding back on secrets we
are literally waiting for a shipping and
customs but now stop this and go to the
market kind of said Oh
open all minutes okay is it Matthew yeah
we decided we're going to go to the
market with Yanni the market is gonna
get you'll see what the market is of
yelets let's get ready and do it because
it is warm out so we go to the efficient
we got to be there when they open before
they open and they open in 20 minutes
tres max it's actually like almost fun
to take out the trash when we have the
trash 'mobile what nice shoes you
haven't yeah that uh what do you think
you're next like bonus thing should be
comment below and tell us what should
Benny's next bonus thing be oh yeah I
mean it's gonna come real soon
considering how hard he's killing it
every single day they're comin something
nice please what do you want Benny uh I
have no idea
did you want the camera ah I mean I need
one yeah but today's life lesson is that
make sure that you take care of everyone
you work with because I I know some
people that are made successful and they
are the best at that and that's
something I've learned in the first ten
years in the beginning I thought wasn't
really that important to treat the
people that work and kill it for you now
realize that it's more important than
anything okay life Knutson in the
morning winning we found a parking now
let's go attack the markets we're going
straight on foo Gus we know that we need
a little tree for like all the keys and
like remotes and all this stuff and then
we need like a bus get a basket for our
really nice health did you find some
things Oh
the entrance key keys like lips and my
stuff now we need something for the cow
oh nice I can't like them this is a very
wide in like a lot dark worth Jonnie
Jonnie was always good at determining
Factory
hold on let me try to look good you like
your new men the rude men I'll try to
post looking good you like didn't even
pay attention three back if we can just
scrape that off
I like the shape yes what that's good
right yeah so then it happened and then
you can just replace the lenses add an
optic and you have good lenses that's
the way to find unique glasses at a
cheap price you go to Gucci Prada they
all look the same
perfect good Dean's roll number adorn er
done with sale market oh yeah I got from
Zeiss oh just an extra yeah yeah that
was the seriously efficient in an hour
mission let's go check and see how the
towels fit in this guy look at this
ah now we're ready beautiful but total
miscalculation as I said of toast we
should have bought two well we'll leave
them like now and then we'll just get
ready because now we're going out with
the boat with the regatta dog yes
both I let it gather though and I kind
of want to see if we can wake surf
behind it we should try yes we don't try
we don't know if labels about little
time it's only for the thing damn it I
thought we were all anonymous with a
surfboard Walker I'm poor at the moment
and look at this and you what is descent
them federal or Pearl we've never had
the pro before no so now we get to try
that and we also have a pair of goggles
the DJI go we need a futurist they look
and stuff so we're going to test wake
surf we're going to test this and then
we'll see what happens this just brings
back all the epic memories from last
year last summer was just a good summer
long hello - all just like a dry liar I
feel like Stevie Wonder I like your new
night vision driving goggles
you see naked girls I know her haha yeah
are you ready everybody ready ready Wow
turning a boat with a remote control
that's impressive
that's investor and best best friend I
don't think if you're not on the boat
you don't realize how weird it is that a
guy is standing here with the remote and
then you see the front of the boat yeah
20 meters that way it looks like a
really windy bad day I hope it's not
raining but like I feel cloud over there
Oh hahaha
Oh what do you think I think the turn
that we like that we have it right now
you've been confident on this one I mean
confidence would be like an exaggeration
but I'm excited yeah beautiful are you
ready oh yeah
oh yeah yeah hahahaha
you
you
it looks amazing listing right here you
enter it on the way back
it doesn't matter no maybe on the way
back please I worked look well driven
Richard the best planning cop in space
you will get an that's for sure it's
like reflector all around you Oh hahaha
oh so nice
the water is perfect on the test oh yeah
I hear you
you wanna grab a yeah it's taking the
dish night on the water with the mic
yeah we have to show what it looks like
from here
ah and we have mr. Instagram in the
background
haha we're taking a timeout and the boys
and the boys and a bit older than I run
me over
boo gasps ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha what
is nice
oh no oh okay Yanni turn Oh Ricardo sir
my turn
yes it is look nice Isaac okay we are
going to try something new we realize
the winds picking up real fast to run
our attack
so whenever Richards ready firing up
this thing I'm going to jump in still if
it's going to go next up the road and
I'm going to try to get on the wake get
ready
yes please
yes
yes
ah
yes yes
ah
that was the biggest torture of today
Rudy
trying to catch up to the boat because
first I tried once and the weight wasn't
right the hook and then trying to catch
up I wanted to just quit and die and
just stop they weren't self and I had to
get there some like standing there and
I'm realizing that I have no balance
left in my legs and then I started to
try that I was just too tired doing
outside it was a mirror bumping it is it
definitely I was getting windy so it was
always shaky like why surfing is epic
when there's no way but bumpy
I might go first we catch open up I
prefer I didn't like no no no it felt
like I was in a torture chamber
I have everything I have happiness I
have and my shoes and my phone but no it
should you have Indian food on the way
yeah we just ordered like enough Indian
food for like an entire army I'm going
to watch and get our course and also VIP
parking ok and we see up at your place
thanks Raquel oh thanks thanks a million
see you in two minutes the right
he's judging us so far coming up from
the bottom and come out yes
winner winner winner Indian chicken
dinner
Lu Jia slowly lose my solemn you
it was fantastic as usual so now we're
using the last set of energies to just
clean this place up it's going to soon
as I've done wiping this I'm going to
consider this day over in one of the
best yeah like no lobby is officially
here
the first attempts on the wakes are for
epic the second ones were the stupidest
ones I've ever tried like why would you
do that one it's like bumpy and wait yep
but that's going to be easy later we're
going to do that later but bottom line
is that it works and it's really fun
yeah because they I mean the idea was
that we were going to do it a lot more
on the way home but then the wind came
to ready to go real quick so I couldn't
train either no but we want them you
idiot Benny on there because both of us
at the same time on each side yes yes
maybe mr. soccer player here won't bend
the law oh yeah I said come Isaac do you
want to end the vlog yes you can end
along any what you want you can just say
whatever you want to say to the camera
all right you guys a little longer than
that have a great nice show
