is
good morning good morning we made it we
are starting the morning off by a pickup
mission hmm
brides what do we pick up a whole row
listen we go get the other one which is
slightly bigger yeah big packages that's
a good size thank you thank you
ah cool so I'm sure the VIS across with
an African realistic is it heavy yeah
thank you so much for help
thank you thank you my hair every day
all right yeah Henrik has been kind to
us I've been able to send a couple
things to his office because no one can
ever find her house open open business
you know like when you're expecting to
get something mm-hmm that nothing comes
nothing comes and then it all comes at
the same time yes both at the same time
I like so space something too but now we
just have to go back to the house to
open this having such a good morning I
woke up to like we have some really good
news on George the rolls we're making
progress we're like this close were very
very very close upset that for a while
but now it's actually looking real good
since I woke up to like good emails
there's a lot of mornings you sent out
all these emails and then you work with
the states and then they all get back to
you during the night and you wake up to
like no that's not war yeah but normally
it's like you know that's not working
blah blah blah today I woke up to only
positive things and I feel energized
yeah I seen you a pump you can sure you
can tell the difference right away yeah
but I think maybe also we had along to
me I can't do two things
I also before we continue I want to
recommend the outro restaurant here in
LA baya oh yeah Jacana obey I wrote up
the outro we just shot a b-roll so I
didn't have a mic with me and it was
really loud but I can truly recommend
that if you're in Marbella you should go
to theater oh it was great we liked it a
lot but now we're going to head back to
Gaza camo because parents are leaving in
45 minutes so we stole the car while we
have that so we could go pick up this
I have the gate key also thank you for
being here me together with you our
pleasure
you cannot even imagine how good the
food has been this week like all the man
and no no no no my food mister Monica's
chicken coming on me here yeah
come back soon guys yeah yeah it was
fantastic and now I see the canine has
something on his mind yes unfortunately
we have to go home now and pick up or
third member in our little family Moana
lucky the third member
and the important member of the k-9 unit
which is really like Housley cuddly
little dog yeah I can't imagine the
Keith wonderful so you are happy to go
home to her as well
yes I'm longing for her asleep it's all
my heart step
yeah like that we bring her here yeah no
but it's been fantastic to having I knew
I might come up to Mora yes yeah we have
to go to view yes failing yeah yeah yeah
yes I don't know if we've said that but
my parents here they are actually
Swedish champions in sailing together
uh-huh
I have to compete in sailing when I
attend any to honor 81 Hey
no no your uncle yes thank you one thank
you how competitive people a few days we
were competing and we ended as a winner
yeah and you stayed together if you say
together to do a sailing race I think
that yes yes good time we have made
attached to each other but now you
should jump in the course you're not
laying there poor do you want to be on
time there a bit more better on that
than we are I think to medium for
everything and you have plus 42 us you
haven't forgotten anything we don't
think that and drive carefully be aware
of the police that's either safe lights
and we'll talk see when you land bye bye
bye
it was so nice having them here we're
really where we're improving our family
game here you know which spent time with
Hans our parents came know Hans like you
so barrio hon ponce when are you coming
and oh yes well yeah William for you
yeah go to Han to Instagram and LinkedIn
Egyptian below and tell them to Casa
camel yes both handsome Maria come to
come visit us
yes we need some comedy no Showtime no
why don't we start with should we open
this yep ah sometimes you can break you
see well Hugh box it in there I used
open all like when I was sponsored by
Oakley back in the day like sunglasses
yeah but the daughter could see uh this
is really strong in the milling its you
box yeah no but I have an idea let me
tell you one thing Kevin no I do like oh
don't go into the guard or a bit of a
peaceful yeah have a stone so what are
we in the Stone Age
hey work on the Stone Age boy it's all
to Felix
so Stone Age boy is killing thanks to
Nicholas you remember I was asking for
yeeeeesss a couple a couple weeks back
Nicholas I can I'll put it in for in the
description below
anything you need when it comes to this
he's the master he is the master he's
like what do you want I'll find anything
no no no oh yeah yeah buzzer probably
yeah we should pray always no no like we
we bought this and but Nicholas was
really good at finding the best prices
ah so think any cuts let's see what we
find
oh not this white one so cooling wait
that's a big no yes they are because
they are film bonus for the best film er
in the world
wow you really yes just a little uh is
my science do you do my face I hope it's
the right size I hope so you should try
them oh yeah
oh it's perfect ice yeah yeah exactly
perfect so you got backup I'm Catholic
bye-bye van we'll need you anymore so I
like the bags legit no but I needed some
Scorchers to run and everything so it's
perfect Yeah right like mega really nice
that's the thing with these shoes they
like fit so many different styles of
like people you can wear pajama and then
you look like a pro but how comfortable
are they oh thanks
I didn't say thanks I think but six
million my pleasure
ah the whole collection is here but
you're missing one yeah I'm missing one
pair because I forgot them at Parnevik
s-- when we recorded the TV show no I
forgot Yanni which one's your favorite
you confirmed my uncle you look like a
marketplace like you wanna serve but
yeah happy new shoes good design we move
on to whatever's in those box oh yeah
ice cream what for you scream watermelon
yellow well to come Oh should we
activate mega super floaty overkill mode
yes activate activated Oh
ready one two yeah I just write grants
straight to it because I know we have a
lot of floaties huh so it might like
take us a while to pump all these guys
are mega shine a pump is not the best
way Anna sir Swan one ready you can join
swans x1 Wow look perfect then you can
have it this guy now
oh yeah Yanni I'm gonna inflate your
favorite I think the unique ordinal and
pink unicorn then you come here she's
hiding we'll bring her out once things
are nice book
thank you
getting better it's getting better okay
like a sue I need to be honest we still
have a few oh I think we just jumped to
the like final yeah yeah the final will
jump there you can you fit oh don't
break you say yes you do the honors you
get to drop the last one off the roof
the main question is is there space for
the last one like God thank you
no Brooke look what did you guys do what
all right we ready for the final one
final jump
whoa don't don't jump with him ready
yeah yeah make you want to jump in yeah
I want to jump from two like this thinks
so slippery
you mean I get one in you get one we
will do a synchronized virgin swing
ready
what up you think it's bull huh huh oh
I'm here brings we have a lot of swamps
from the point you're not under and
piratin school I mean you said you
checked the ropes right I'll take the
roadstead but not for two people
independent are we flipping that's what
it was it's it together yeah I think
there's only one way to find out don't
be stupid on name you know by now you
did not like get into a relationship
with a normal human being now we don't
know if she'll kill you're good I'll
choose before four years ago yeah
someone else looking for one right now
anyone interested in the Quran is
searching for normal person okay got the
donna321 go whoa
okay yeah what was the noise oh we from
the white wrong
that's my to start the noise what did
you break not a single I keep remember
break ah nothing important not the
rope-keeper
oh no guys it is a record huh I didn't
record so what did we going oh oh okay
now we're going to chill because
inflating all of these look like forever
yes and now the main question is why do
we have so many inflatables in the pool
yeah I guess you can swap okay have fun
guys I just a few of them and I like
them are they good yeah oh good
which one's your favorite the unicorn
the last one blue and the turquoise and
pink yes this one I have to try that
tomorrow
biggest one oh yes oh yeah we should
like say how easy and good it is to cook
a pizza on a barbecue yeah because we
don't have an oven in this house so we
have to work for all we got and the
beats actually turns out fantastic in
here and I mean I want to eat healthy
but my dad left it here so canine that's
all your fault
ah Monica salad Monica or are you we
already miss you yes that looks kind of
similar right yeah I just need one mango
or one peach Tibet uh-huh you can't
compare it to a good old pizza salad mmm
just the best combo pizza so a fancy
house not auntie hmm I like everything a
salad that's not salad we just had an
idea like we were curious whether an
inspire could lift a unicorn I think
that's what Benny sounds try
something but idea what he's up to
see this is the kind of stuff the Benjy
comes up with on a daily basis
he has unstoppable energy me I'm older
and after you collage them like chill
from time to time this is saying that
you can't a lot of normal stuff all the
time
ah Pisa took the photo stick it's good
that we're keeping up better than family
routines that we need to be there yeah
exactly instead of like everyone eating
at separate times separate things
mm-hmm and we all watch the movie
together
yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
really oh you can bring like pillows
I mean and floaties everyone is on their
own floaties yep choose your 30 english
a movie yeah but where does all the
energy come from
oh okay bull and me energy no no energy
to electricity do you mean no no I'm
saying you guys is energy ah
Oh what I will do is you rest and then
and then we all fall asleep on the roof
yeah okay I just need to eat first
I can't think but yeah absolutely I mean
I'll do yeah I'll do whatever I'm so
hungry I think you know how about we
just post today's vlog we supposed to
shop up mm-hmm
and then I think that beats us so I can
think again yes sounds good
okay okay Boris much is over now from a
cow successful we deal in pizza yeah
