Benny did you find a new bedroom oh I
got up and I was like I said your room
was open and I'm like where it's Benny
find a new bed and then I realized you
have been talking about sleeping out
here since you got here I wanted to try
and yesterday was a windy night ride and
the question is how was it I don't know
what time is it I said okay thirty eight
thirty yeah I didn't put any alarm
because I thought I would wake up early
but no that's a nice view
oh wait we need an energized good
morning good morning
oh you are not normal my friend
oh my Pinot is
tray on the pillow
are you awake though yeah that's why I
wanted to sleep here so is it a good way
to wake up yeah I think it'd be better
now whoo that's how we might have that
is a good way to wake up oh yeah
good morning morning where's everybody
they just woke up so that they were
everyone sleeping a lot ah why is it so
nice to swim with clothing on I don't
know I like you
me too can this be my official bedroom
yeah the only good key Turner I was like
really sure I didn't have anything in my
pocket
no he did you in the matrix no that was
the only one now you can get it in and
out you think it's gonna work
don't don't don't press it just put it
into right now okay we'll push it
no I don't remember the gate keys oh
yeah good morning everyone good morning
and only one Kanan you co-created with
Miss always we solve everything
yes petition it will better take some
minutes though so let me just work with
it
oh okay non-union son made it no what do
you guys think broken or a chair no
problem no problem no because you didn't
press anything supernatural but this was
like open yeah exactly and then you
remove the rest right but hey at least
we're awake
yeah and we can start our day yeah today
I have a couple things but that will be
once this is dry now we're dry than the
dance order no way yakkung it's working
it we need to go get some towels so
we're going to start the day by getting
some towels
that's a green use the fact that we have
well actually we forgot to charge the
golf car so that's why we take this ah
well whom is Marv AFL's there we come
where's tuba news Oh me my bitch oh oh
oh happy no me no loud no yeah no idea
is that every like really nice place
always have like a basket with a bunch
of matching health and outside yes and I
was going to buy them and then I sold it
home it came out with them the same day
you should have one of these where can
we find the gangsta paradise Matt are
you got a name that's high get cool so
we have to check where you can make the
entry carpets because now we're we have
our nice white boar I always feel like I
want to be clean on my feet but you want
to write something like this thanks uh
paradise no don't go for the onion
that's right pork but you so much the
hill the town now we have matching tells
outside but we need that too yes later
we should go to the springs and benefit
oh yeah come on yes good one now we are
matching soul yeah show us how it looks
ah-ah-ah that's nice well done homies if
I was saying every nice Villa has like
matching guest towels for the pool area
so now we are guests ready for whoever I
stood out going to come we want to come
open invitation
yeah address in the bits description
below ready ready first look at that
what Oh
not blue anymore button to the old gun
store the blue is there ah fully
automatic modern door we just need to
clean it you just need to paint it later
yeah but we think that we should lead to
a professional because when it goes up
and down it's going to show if we're
amateur is but now it's time to show
mrs. and mr. Olsen are a bit of this
Arbor surroundings as well as mr.
freshman aha
so let's uh jump inside it's good for
everybody ready precise the seat belt
we're stuck behind there but we're only
going like really short on small little
roads so please they don't matter
let okay nine months I'm not used to
very slow I'm used to higher speed I can
tell that you're that of my brother okay
nine left
okay nine transept can continue to call
coming there is a car clear work will
you from the throne yes yeah we just
have to create it
there's not a lot of people it's really
hit or miss up here
oh-ho things oh come let's go down again
you'll have the great disco person down
you don't have the great hiking shoes no
ah just nerves yeah but the good thing
is they have helmets so that means that
they're going to keep walking so there's
a doorway here in the middle they're
turning in their back Smith stuff that's
the spot and we will not say where it is
oh boy we secret okay I'm assume if it's
cold
and unit number one is jumping whoo yes
whoo
good okay 99 is about to do a back kick
okay oh yeah oh yeah another belly flop
oh yeah yeah let's go at the pressure
camera bring some pressure
Monsieur Benjamin Oh bigger ready for
jump ready for takeoff I need to go far
I don't hit the rocks he's climbing with
your pega there's a jerk dragon getting
finer chasing you whoa okay so quick
so you're basically throwing front-flip
but not too much foot send your arm that
way yeah I was a bit irritating but then
I think I Suz it yeah not look good
attempt number two Benjamin Ortega oh
yeah
it came an approved yes certainly
oh yeah so now when we get the higher
cliff then we're going to just go for
another foot another one another and
double from you of course and double
from you everything I do you have to do
yes otherwise I get fired
y'okay mr songz double-glazed a pro yeah
it certainly proved you said to be a
little careful stove with this me stupid
body
where's Kenan k9 is huh coming from
analyzing the water so is securing the
area okay an area secure yeah really
secure k9 unit ready all ready ready
yeah ready behind hand a ready
thank you
everybody ready we are all ready we're
just waiting for the golf car keep
continually your joints poof look look
out dressed up we are looking more
pretty than I am but oh hello you we are
actually going out for dinner scene
black in white yeah what we're going out
is it the opening or is it no it's like
an open yeah it's like this almost
opening what of a restaurant it's like a
show thing like a dinner coat it's
called tiata as yes but first we're
going up to Richards to hang out there
for a little
hello hello don't hello host ahahaha how
you fly mega Giga tire but yeah let's go
a fun look can you do it with your way
what drifting machine come on faster oh
wow alright wait oh yeah
okay that's big sir so nice
cheers everyone
you got sort of got it perfecto huh guys
the opening team I say that when we're
all up here it's a good time to end
today because it's beautiful and we're
going to go out to dinner and do some
nightly activities nice thing there was
this insane yeah exactly so for once
we're not going to watch the sunset and
I go to bed so we will see everyone
discrete birthday - I think skiing
canine approved the day flares enter
