some families s good morning did we nail
it this is the perfect timing
yeah perforations are excellent yeah we
have the whole family here
oh yeah it'll be warmer than in Sweden
yeah it's the only one that's cold and I
like to pull over come on no but it's
it's getting warm in the afternoon but
we have a full day of a home activities
we bought a bunch of paint and we want
to like your memory stuff and make stuff
nice yeah but I have one idea that we
should try to start with which ones to
try to see if we can lift up the over a
la oh you think we're strong enough yeah
we all have keys we are tied together a
sportsperson it's heavy but what we got
back in two seconds with our first
attempts of today's first mission okay
nine unit this is that time it is okay
from now on whenever it gets stormy
let's let's pull that thing together
good straight yeah nice watch your
fingers okay plane first go oh the
camera myself well yes
welcome back Connor working we got back
investments into the pool
mission one item please
everything is easier when it's a team
effort thanks everybody
and thanks Tina thanks Tina and unit now
the only thing that is not epic is that
you remember I said my knee was sore it
was from like swimming with the fins
like this yeah a lot and it kind of got
worse and worse and worse and yesterday
it was terrible today it's a little
better yeah and if you notice I'm not a
mouse I'm trying to be smart because
he's let me know so I've been swimming
here like keeping my feet together like
just arms and I'm like lay up let's make
sure to treat this be nicely we have a
couple projects a good suburb Eddie you
ready
for what for Henrik no no again I penny
this morning all right we're gonna go
see Henrik summer Fitness coming up I'm
happy happy to see you again know so go
see no I'm going to just say feminie
much better now but it's just the
inflammation in the you know the middle
of cushion yeah it's nice yeah he's very
excited so it's like that like that you
can peel it we're going to lift the
mountain with the shoulders yeah perfect
this is a no problem
and we have the whole family in the
mountains everybody is going for the
crusty yeah
almost the thing is you never never know
where you're going to do as I say we put
that like on a bench and we focus on
that and we come back who can like not
like now
today was only the one with another
clarify what is wrong with you like
utter see if you see my arm posture and
we have the traditional you get the
morning everybody's saying you're so
good clips are cool now ready ready any
oh come on oh that was the house ready
I say we straight back I would say call
this one walk is ready for Maine
otherwise
now Black Swan ah you know summer is but
a nice little start if you're worried
that are overkill like mode has
disappeared don't worry this is like a
pre delivery thank you floats by the way
description in the link below but yeah
there's going to be a sue here real soon
but at least now we have three little
floaty swans so I say we do a
synchronized team Olsen dive on them get
ready
yay okay what is it that time it is that
time like this is our like laundry room
/ old kitchen I think it was and today's
time to transform this thing we have
pain we have rollers we're going to make
it nice and throw like organized like
this whole mess it's been on my to-do
list for a long time but then i always
thought no i'm going to rebuild it
anyway so whatever but it seems like
rebuilding might take a while whatever
that might happen so we're going to just
do this and this should be easy you know
you should I've no idea
we have paints yeah all we need to do is
clear it out and then we'll throw paint
on them oh yeah it's just we will see
the question is when where do we start
with we start with like an attack
session like all in full speed
everything just out that door
first step duh yeah like 100% done not
funny you look good
wow I got it all that fit in there but
how it looks cool you inside I would
want it yeah this is like this was
supposed to be real good for like strong
like concrete floor yeah that with my
great Spanish I like painting like I
think it's really fun when when you feel
that you can make a big difference
yourself without having to call people I
really do that take your house yourself
and then buy a private jet I thought the
as they say there's no elevator to
success you just have to take the stairs
exactly you're not sure if this is smart
steps on the West who cares I enjoy it
now I need something open this guy works
well which one is for which do you know
this the foam one I have no idea I can
take whatever really there let's try
this guy okay
ready ready ah oh wow oh that's already
dinner why are you
it's been you why we call brand-new
human this one this looks like a really
you know I know did you want to throw it
away okay
Oh ready for the real deal yeah
well we are never going to win an award
for like most perfect to paint but we
are going to win the award of like
changing stuff the fastest oh yeah this
will be covered nicely by the second
layer oh no no no with your subs Matt
was by black Peyton cover that but now
stage one is complete now we're going to
let it dry chill for a sec while we
right back with stage two so we decided
this game that to go straight away to
the finished product
first we get our mind you what it looks
like this wasn't before photos and now
you're ready three two one ah wow look
at what a bear like pink Norman and like
legit like teeth I mean in this is the
toffee since you recognize come to
complete Wow the same room anymore so
nice yeah love it boys are boys yeah
this looks nice right yeah this does not
look like the shirt fit this one
Oh your enemy to them yeah I won't go
baby yeah I'm fixed voila we did kind of
better big bigger tool so let's angle
that folks something of it that's
perfect but it's I eat even this yeah
exactly host even is also painted that
because this is not going to last for
that long when we rebuild but it's like
a really nice quick fix but I have to
say like it actually turned out better
than I thought but now I have started my
painting obsession and I'll ever
practice like a good painter I remember
that ugly yeah sitting there gone idea
yeah yeah I mean these we're supposed to
come out here that's my joke for later I
would dude yeah I'm gonna do this but I
put him next up uh-huh how to turn and
roomie do something super nice yeah
don't lay a trap
yeah then don't be afraid yeah just go
for Oh over here that you don't have
dirty feet coming from the outside
really go ahead is me
but let's paint can you
yeah this is pretty freshly dried we
should probably let this dry like that
it's it perfect mmm-hmm but I'm real
happy
yeah sure photos after repenting
shootings a good day has to include a
million different thing let me grab one
last shot this let me glad this simpler
oh yeah
the promise my arms are shaking after
freaking Henrick yeah little new you was
the painting or henrik booth well I
could just keep on shooting but okay I
guess it's time to end it even though
like we're having fun so we don't want
to already it might look like we're set
up a little bit we're like well the mom
and dad has to come down when we end the
vlog good everybody is to be prisoned
exactly I say that we should just end
the vlog with the simple advice in life
you should spend time with your family
and enjoy your mom's amazing cooking
delicious very delicious and now we're
gonna watch the sunset probably from the
roof and then we are going to sleep and
then probably do about the same thing
tomorrow
there may be paint more I'm really
starting to like this whole painting
good yeah it's really good it's going to
be white and nice yeah I can see that
that's mr. dad is preparing to say
something Thanks
thanks for the good day your eyes you
read my mind boy because I thought maybe
referred complex-- but good day is a
good way to end things see you guys
tomorrow
