good morning good morning loading we are
sitting here on the grass we have this
nice little quiet spot with a couple
blue flowers and we're going to do a bit
of a Q&A where you guys get to ask us
stuff that that we ask each other or I
guess reply for each other so we'll just
get started and then you'll get a hang
of it I think that's much better it's
harder to explain many has the questions
I've been getting the questions and now
even as progresses it's a little bright
yeah henna penny so first you know do
you know how many boyfriends
Danny had before to make you I want to
say she had one serious boyfriend yes
well done yeah it doesn't count when
you're like Sabri I'm so serious no no
you said one area so only everyone
serious then Yanni
how much does you care about money from
one to ten so ten is the lucky like care
very much yeah I would say between seven
or eight do you agree
because I think can't let me explain how
I think I don't think you care about
people have a lot of money or like but I
think you see money as something that
you can do whatever you want in life and
do stuff that you dream up but on the
other hand we say no to a lot of things
that we could make money off I haven't
sent an invoice to YouTube in eight
months so it's in a way I think I care
more about doing what I do well because
that will generate success and success
usually means freedom so I don't think
it's the dollar signs and numbers
exactly when I was younger is more like
that now it's more to feel good inside
and and as you say freedom to do
whatever I want I think that's important
yeah okay Yanni can you name unit size
favourite countries I would say Bali
Monica thank us no specific us hang on
yes country yeah but sometimes the
country can be very different la no no
okay Hawaii how are you
Hawaii comes way before LA Japan maybe
Maui where have I looked at buying land
a Lombok number when I counted that as
noise that was volatile unison yeah
Lombok Bali Monaco Mar Bay
and how I nice surfing or son for Europe
easy
yeah those go division the viene like
having a cameraman slash friend always
around you know I have any please go
home right I'm gonna say when we are
traveling or we're in Marbella and stuff
like this
I think you have absolutely no problem
with it and it's fun I mean you and
Benny get along well when we're going to
work out and - yeah peace and drinks and
all that we have our own tea party in
Monaco Monaco is really small so like
there is zero privacy so a Monaco I
would say that you're not the biggest
fan of it but that's what's of one of
the reason that we wanted that I thought
it was great to work with Benny since he
lives in con which is close to Monaco
but then we were a bit bad at like
planning and make Benny run bank
accounts we all say in Monaco but I
would say that that's something that I
should get that or mean Benny sure you
get better at planning so that we are we
should all get better at planning being
alone and Monaco's because I know you
appreciate that anything you want to add
this is your time to confess it's really
nice when Benny's around because then I
can do myself and they coming out I
don't have to hang out with kitty
so next question is what are the three
objects your partner would take on a
desert island
no cameras possible should I start yes
Yanni laptop cell phone and a wireless
router yeah you would bring a laptop a
knife in the car anakata
on laptop surfboard and board shorts it
has a border doing tonight let's keep
the router every night to unity Yanni
what can any note stand a messy kitchen
yeah yeni what game cannot stand easy
you hate imperfection exactly the
imperfection I hate it
come on forget this one you both answer
together after my countdown
in which country would you like to leave
if you had kids three two one
mean I don't have an answer oh really I
don't have an answer either but I just
said that's like the only place where I
could have kids yeah yeah but it's like
if we're thinking now live to have kids
Spain would probably be the first choice
but it wouldn't be like it'd still be a
temporary solution because I don't think
we have found the place that we are
looking for you I don't know if the
place exists
but again perfection there's no servin
everything in Spain so yeah and you
can't get like stuff done without it
being six weeks late no space good but
um I think I'm looking for something
more in life than what I find here so
yeni
what is unis sighs besides okay you
don't mess besides I would say kind
everyone generous good-looking ah oh
yeah I like them always wants to make
stuff perfect but that's both good in
man you know what I mean yeah caring
nice that's pretty good and you know
I'll take that yeni sighs best sighs
yiannis fight best sides one I love that
she is a motivated hard-working girl I
think it's sexy when a girl is not just
sitting back waiting for things to
happen well - she is the prettiest girl
I've ever met without makeup you look
great always but you are special when it
comes to looking fantastic cause I'll
make us number three you are
uncomplicated and not jealous like it's
like she's chill it's not like if I am
somewhere and I can't call for two days
she's not going to be like oh and call
me okay here's one thing that I love but
I also hate Yanni does not spend money
at all which is like the worst thing you
can find for me it's a girlfriend that's
like Oh Eunice money let's make him buy
me this but you or maybe on the other
side of things extra yeah now you're
you're really on the other side of
things where you're like holding back
too much so it's both good on a bad I
think the good is that you're absolutely
not trying to take advantage of me
having money but that's probably because
you have a lot of money yourself and
last thing she always smells good
I've never ever no matter when
like she can be hungover she's done a
workout she has not a shower for a week
like she has never ever not smelled
perfect haven't had a shower I don't
think that's happening it's not
exceptionally good there you know you
can say yeah now one of the three worst
thing you hate about Yanni ah but it's
what can we pick here to not get it in
argument I would say one of those is
that she is a very uncomplicated
life is easy she lives her life and you
know the sky is blue and everything is
great and that is normally a good thing
but sometimes thinking about people
around her and what she can do for them
she could be better
number two I think sometimes she is
being too conservative with money I
think if you make money you should treat
yourself and there's no reason to work
hard and make money if you're not
willing to spoil yourself a little bit
here miss like this girl will not spoil
yourself ever the desert and number
three number three she stole almost
every single storage space in Monaco so
I have three doors left oh yeah nice I
said that before I move if I move a lot
of stage yeah no you should give me more
space where things about you
he wants more space in Monaco he's very
obsessed Thanks like he can't let go
yeah sometimes I'm like come on - like
yeah behind that yes
as I said good and bad is that your
perfectionist like stuff has to be like
super perfect which sometimes for me
that it's like oh I'm like who cares
yeah me too yep and then laughs yeah
sometimes you have an idea in your head
and when it doesn't turn out the exact
way you can get grumpy okay I agree you
want to go to the double question so I
say the question and I say three two one
and you have to both answer at the same
time which should be your favorite next
destination to go that you have never
been to 302
okay one for a while good evening and I
meant it to them but not together okay
poor amor I would love to go to prom
where ah pick mine
yeah nice another one you have to enter
the center in how many years
do you think you would have kids go
right right pregnant or get kicked going
kids three two one three whoa
well done I'm getting something although
Yanis or three years like no it'll
happen when it'll happen but that seems
like a reasonable timeframe another one
how many kids would you like to have -
whoa twins born a girl
bamm-bamm sorry I think every girl wants
this yeah how many years would wait
until getting married three go three how
do you want to get married before your
kids I don't want to get married when
I'm pregnant
you have a point so you can enjoy a
party yeah okay any last one but not
least what would happen for the vlog
when you will have a family just
blogging include blog Instagram and
every everything that sling to the
Internet
I think we're going to continue the
maybe not like whenever we have time for
it the kids have to learn how to take
photos and film and edit little minions
a little flames so we can use hey edit
one for editing one fulfilling that's
injured I like I mean you you have to
see when you go there but I mean I love
blogging and taking photos and I don't
think I will stop loving it it's a good
kid
Benny can be the babysitter to the
missus has this year and it is like no
but I guess to be honest like I haven't
really like thought about it when we
started the blog you know it wasn't that
my plan was not to be a vlogger or
youtuber Here I am doing it and now I am
having a lot of fun doing it
that knows yeah we'll just do it along
as it's fun I guess you can't say like
I'm going to vlog every day because
something happens someone gets sick you
have to go to the hospital like I do my
sister yeah but imagine how much content
you have when you're kids they're puking
in life going to the habitat maybe also
enjoy the time when you have a baby
because it's only for a few months and
now but then if you film at all you have
the day yeah we will take a responsible
mature decision on that whenever that
day comes good answer but now I think
it's time to get out of the Sun because
they got real warmth oh yes and I have
all these blue flowers hanging around
but that is it for from us here today we
will come back Tuesday with a full full
day vlog with the team parents all being
around and hope you guys enjoyed the
little Q&A it's fun to do different
things and sort of get a little deeper
than one is the Rolls Royce finished
finished soon by the way the Bible then
will say ciao and we'll see you in
today's show - ciao
