ready we just go does that hide it
enough cspgs
okay perfect good morning by the way
good morning yeah we are on the boat
we're about to leave the island
I'm trying to protect these company
secrets here that's like Google
releasing a new algorithm so we have
these epic plastic bags I'm turning like
not film this way girls you later man
litter my guys now makes for an awesome
weekend I think guys I am gonna I'm
going to either work myself to death or
sleep myself to death let's see it again
soon
that we will see that's how we do
meetings perfect my place was beautiful
thank you so much you're welcome
no we're at its best so we get much
better but I turn dice Lane it's so
incredibly flat
this the way you go to work every single
day
like you know a place is beautiful what
it's beautiful even if it's like super
grand raining you know the pure fantasy
and increase with not too much for the
bit of collector it's a fantastic
combination yeah if there was two Emmys
I'd be a drunk ya know with the
consumers of you I mean most companies
have major lack of young-soon oh yeah
because everything is all restricted and
organized them should be that way the
visual will remain to think of it
out-of-the-box and dares to take sort of
some chances for everyone look a great a
person yes always always but you know
what I realized on the last video know
that we are officially the worst people
in the world to promote things through a
blog we went through this whole bag and
everything and like will promote a salad
restaurant be like linked in the
description below and Here I am like
spending a year developing something I
like explain it all then we go in am i
oh yeah I didn't put a link in the
description below three you always say
the only thing we're really good at
YouTube is to not cap with life and make
money off it yeah we're really good at
not doing that but we like your videos
but now you can check out the link so
that I don't forget a second time oh my
film that waiting about thank you so
much for everything and a million thanks
for the hospitality and the boat ride
last night huh so now we just saw this
is perf on cue jeff has pork yes - yeah
viewers I don't know what imma do I just
sit and this is mine alright Airport
always on time
now that's pretty awesome that we took
the boat an hour an hour ago from an
island the vermin island which is pretty
sweet so I love a small airport but I
say that while we fly we move ourselves
to some warmer places we look back at
yesterday and sort of see what we did
yesterday so hit it young from the pot
how's the hair uh hair's looking great
is it all right yeah oh you have a no
where's my stylist I nevermind okay you
ready to go Eddie okay good morning
again I guess then good morning again
yes so we figured that we wanted to do
more of a recap of this weekend because
we are in meetings discussing you know
all secret things 12 hours a day so hard
to shoot a full vlog on it so it's
better to do a bit of recap of because
we're not only meetings what we're doing
here with respect now is that we are
looking over our current situation we're
looking over how many people works on
the company how many new products we
should develop how many new special
editions and cash flow and like
basically checking that everything is
under control and we have a lot of like
extremely experienced people that will
ask you the difficult and the right
questions and it's like the amount of
energy I have and like the excitement
like you get new products and I've
really really come to realize that I
love product development like I might
like that more than surfing or car
racing or really well in disliking
because you have to think about a
product then you have to think about the
person that uses it and then you have to
think about how do you market that and
then how do you sell it and everything
and I just love the complexity of how to
generate a product it's waving off full
speed and it's like yesterday
voil√° were straight with meetings and
I'm like can we continue like have so
much I want to say so it's like a super
the whole company so cool everyone's so
good at what they do and it's like you
know they talk about how what do they
call it them well the vibe in the
company if you go to a meeting for 12
hours and you're so excited to keep
going that means that the group that
you're working with is zink
so yeah that's what we've been doing in
there we're going to do a bit more
meetings
we are going to try to be a little
active physically active what I've
learned is that when I was younger I was
like I know everything this to know
let's do it like this now Mike I have an
idea on how I think we should do it but
then we have like me see you over there
bless the house Christian the stuff he's
done the companies he's built if he's
like what about this you and I'm like
 I don't have an answer to that and
then I'm like but it's yeah it's super
fun and it's the amount of new stuff
that we are working on it's like
incredible and we just set completely
new goals for the company so it's all
exciting but it's time for me to go
inside and probably late but we wanted
to start this little update and then
we'll do a little meeting a little maybe
some Swimming's and voting some whatever
happens today Lucy but as you can see
I'm loving every second of this I can
fit yes just got something wrong wait a
rusong I see where are you going to
memory to Polaroid yellow in the Sun
to
you'd stop eating ice cream it's time to
swim really where do you Andy look it's
not ideal when but it's sunny it's of
course we're gonna swim
check out the sick one oh no does anyone
want to come who wants to join yeah I
can film you guys Oh perfect do you want
to go to the island over there yeah yeah
it's correct this seat
alright go switch jump into this I mean
I'm fully fueled with some cookie dough
now you have energy yeah I do like but I
just developed a new product like me
Benny had a paper like working if you
would see us the amount of creativity
and productivity in these 48 hours it's
like on a new planet the human no no not
like it's like Majan when I was running
wings for life world run imagine that
the focus the energy and the
determination that's what hours a day
ready ready
I am i well I'm used to pulsing like my
goggles and my swim feet oh yeah we
don't have those No ah beautiful like
water in your eyes or let's let but we
should start and then we decide really
yeah I mean the only way to go faster
okay what like what about that see that
boat that comes there uh-huh then we're
gonna have to do our deep diving if that
comes when we're swimming that's going
right over our heads yeah but sometimes
we slip and check for the boats and then
we take them going
that's not risky what
haha
maybe today oh but it's like the weights
on the way past trying to breathe and
application my mouth to offer bonus each
one fine in our search I say we we draw
friend one swap Otis yeah put it like
like all right yeah very you guys look
good at least that's what counts
we look good we don't look good try to
run
do you think things know
hi I'm trying to think whether the
Swensons wait thicker than Benny's
Orbeez just way tougher but I feel like
exhausted in a terrible way
I don't think I had any food really
today I think you need to stop hanging
around with these young guns yeah new
Vollmer search out there need to be out
of shape old lazy lazy nothing like
Benny
I'm alive again took me like two hours
to like we are on our way to go have
some dinner
yeah it's with the whole team I guess
this is how we do it
hichy actually I did it Wow well I heard
a bunch of stories in the afternoon
about
I mean I'm usually not the responsible
kind but we should like yes of course
Benny it's so hard to find the new
filmers I'd rather keep you alive you
supposed to look with the sword ro turn
around
am i s'posed bull-like you look safe
just unzip when you in the water like oh
I'm drowning again did - this work does
this float me or does it change in the
water what that's it
let's turn no yes I swam enough today
driving Viktor - perfect he excluded the
resident if you like the
Oh
what a ride didn't 16 on ah that's why
I'm trying to surf at the front yeah
six rat oh yeah it is now again I want a
boat let's give you some self I backed
right there you go for it
you look ready to see genius at work
yeah sorry don't get us one percent
closer to this boat
keep your top on need to come you oh my
god oh that's not I was your books man
yeah and a condition uh what is the
condition you guys all got it each buy
one oh I love your books man alcohol I
look every day is right Hey the
coincidence to meet here on the duck I
even bought this up with the karma grip
I want to cook like you yeah we were
just joking like we're like curse things
you go talk to those guys because if we
can sell more respect then we can buy a
boat oh using mobile an amazing job
thanks I'm Benny is not a URL I'm just
like I'm just behind the camera no do
your thing you're the Magic Man no not
what we enjoy it it's fun
have an amazing day you sir so today
we're not doing today question we're
going to - flip whoa today sleep it was
done good job good the house top cut my
knee my knee hurts I can't do that it's
quicker than to the question
so honey your head two things happened
look the city yeah beaner hello Freddie
good ah that was good amazing dinner
yeah last night I just sort of stayed in
did not say man just like rested to be
fully focus today I was social showing
the group and how to kick ass wonderful
dinner but I'd say you know we're going
to jump on this boat and then we're
going to go sleep so I think that we can
concludes our little trip here and we
will we'll jump to you know the future
see how that guys doing well thank you
Yoon from the path I think that your
boat ride home is going to be more
interesting than our car ride from
Malaga to Marea so I think we jump right
back to you and now we'll come back in a
little
ah
now I'm learning to take the outside
fire okay now for you and you can
continue again hallo welcome home how
are you we are great are you Benjie
people how are you but we kind of made
us come here misunderstanding so we went
to Richard house Oh welcome home come
home no I like the gate is open I like
huh I can't see you where are you I'm
like at home waiting for you given home
I figured that was home now that you are
free job yeah it's mum but now yeah
we're home we had a great trip nice but
our brains are exhausted because I've
been thinking more than I've ever
thought in my entire lives it's like
going to school but you're sitting like
this and want to learn everything nice
people even from school no hell no I'll
be honest I got an A in my math test
ah right now but have you been behaving
yeah yeah happy person I keep going to
the poor to hang out I'm like tonight
yeah mm-hmm let's hang out it's like
what I get is I don't know I know some
baby chicks everywhere you have a
girlfriend yeah you didn't know no you
didn't know no she's Swedish yeah
shoutout to France
yeah for yeah Instagram below yeah
preyas Instagram below go Paul or Philip
is now officially taking four for the
moment Wow I go yeah Johnny's taken to
now I say we throw that camera and the
pool and like relax for little people
yeah just like throw it away so what
relax
the lesson if any cuz sometimes I don't
understand what he's doing but it's all
good
you see I have an idea we are going to
end today's vlog here because my parents
are arriving in like half an hour and I
want to spend the night with them and
not run around with a camera but before
we end today we have a little bit of a
different vogue tomorrow because we are
going to do a QA but not a traditional
QA we're going to do a QA where you guys
get to ask questions that I would ask
Yanni as an example Yanni does Yoon's
feet smell really bad
or you is Yanni insecure when she goes
out or then take photos you get it like
the idea any type of so many questions
so another example could be does does
Yanni feel bad when she goes out without
makeup the whole idea the whole thing is
to show how well we know each other and
like get real and there first and then I
answer yeah exactly
sorry is like hard but I think that's
good because that way we get out honest
answers and different question mmm so
whatever you can think of everything
from sommelier feet to like obsession
about bag building to like everything
does you have a problem with cars easy
ask away anything you want and we'll be
back with that tomorrow and then we're
gonna be back with the whole family
hanging out in morale yes so we'll check
back we'll see you tomorrow over now
from current time you you don't get that
you will watch it
