and we have arrived to beautiful Norway
yes I feel like we forgot something I
feel like this not enough heavy stuff
yeah because we're doing covered with
this few Legos usually
ready for school yeah happy did you do
your homework so now the plan dressed up
to school marketing by hi enjoy school
later
da da don't do what I do Oh Monica you
had such a good drop-off system in the
past now you changed it and it's really
bad now we're in the way of their
getting back up okay Ian a couple down
by the phone and up and plus board ah
horrible place like in the past you
could just park right outside walk
straight in now that Bush people for
joined up this garage not ideal
no but now we're here at the airport
let's hope there's a boy disobey key it
worked
thank you thank you passport yeah
building sensitive up that was lucky
that we didn't stay at home and like go
to the airport late on we got a text
saying your flight is one hour delayed
but apparently they closed check in at
the same time anyway so a little strange
I would have to say what we went to the
airport early to be on time and we were
responsible smarter human beings
ah life under control oh yes we made it
through security we had our nice little
baguette love the upper crust here at
Mulligan port so now we're ready to fly
the reason that we're going to Norway is
that every year with douche bags we have
a yearly kickoff where we get together
in the management team we sit down we
discuss the current situation what's
been working well what we can improve
where we should be going
and we also make sure to have a lot of
fun so it's like have half-day meetings
and half-day fun activities well last
year I almost drowned in the kayak
looking like this so like every that was
really fun but it was also pretty tough
so let's hope we'll see what happens
this year I have no idea what they've
come up with this year but I think
within a company to keep like the
excitement and you know a good dealing
that in the group it's important to do
fun stuff always so we'll see what
happens but we should probably head over
to the gate and start some flying but
I'm excited I love these meetings
because that's when we set the plans on
how to achieve success so we'll try to
sort of bring you along and let you know
sort of most important parts of you know
creating a company and making a girl but
now be rolled to Norway
okay we have two person already that can
go but we are not done with it so now
the names are popping up there of the
people that have had their luggage
scanned so far there's two people who
get to go to domestic yeah we're not on
the list we're not on the VIP list yet
now it'll be interesting to see we have
the priority tags on our bags from Star
Line's gold
so hopefully that should help us and
they'll get one one third our fight even
in 40 minutes and forget super booty and
what is the boarding time probably now
yeah I guess so only on tour and older I
can go to port NOLA there is another one
oh okay can't go as well okay you can go
this must be the dumbest idea out of all
airport ideas I've ever experienced but
I'm wondering with you what is the idea
behind things that mean the only reason
I can see is really have four will
trying to help people to understand
what's going on and if if we have to go
and ask the ladies in yellow what we're
supposed to do it's not a very good
system because we travel quite a bit
then okay yeah I can go no way go I can
go on in VIP so come on up somebody else
can go yo ho you're young then Alice now
let's see for this work in the club and
me yeah we could have totally had a
great hot dog instead of looking at that
screen and standing up yeah we could
have don't have to send up the eggs I
speak nothing my knee really hurts from
all the swimming hole that I've been
trying a new technique with the fence
underneath the water and it's been
hurting my knee like if we would have
filmed most of underwater swimming we've
done and showed all of it you guys would
have thought that we are mentally
challenged like I have done 100 laps a
day every day
yeah oh okay there they are
Christian's retirement anyone let me
check with the dominoes you can our fine
at five we are playing a time rod so you
have 30 minutes you have time for those
where is this e t1 is it a holdup
no no it's a barbecue jacket okay I
think it is what I think we should see
Jessica
Lathika our marketing yeah super
marketing girl from douchebags she
should be here
draw been honest with you
life was good but we had to hang out
with that stupid new system where you
have to wait for your luggage to be
scanned before you get into the terminal
uh-huh yeah Delmas Hoth system I've ever
seen yeah haven't been there yet yeah I
have to bring my like a food with no
weed in here glad to they got the
hybrids have been ticking again
she had right way rather do that than
the stupid so your ride and then you
have a big screen and then your name
comes up when your luggage to scan so
until you'd scanned you have to stand
there and look at a screen for yeah I
couldn't have time to get a hot dog I
wanted to give him a Norwegian hot dog
yes no I'm brown cheese probably wrong
this is good okay I'm going to try
I'm super quickly that was a really
quick flight we were so super going a
douche bag meeting we were so involved
with jesting Elmo's I forgot about you
getting off the flight
thank you so much I mean I didn't forget
that I know you're coming off one way or
the other
no that was super cool really took off
and then remembered now let's just hope
that our luggage made its way here
considering it was nice weekend yeah of
course
what's your luggage scan but yes yes it
might not be there
that's magnanimous coming all the way
from Budapest Oh whoo the only cooking
thing about the character yeah now we
know that it's coming no we know that it
was scanned and also oh yeah we don't
know that it's on the fly so useless
till you settle everything everything
arrived a machine I think I've seen us
coming
a - douche bag has been another one they
better be is a black leather ah it's
coming yes it is
there we go I don't like seeing a
wedding in there because last time at
the kick-off with Yoon and I almost died
why me - poker you know I'm talking
about the Klein but you put me through
all the crimes it's like there's a shot
from the climb her name it Gollum Gollum
barefoot golems comin I like the
barefoot determination of cono
move to Norway they said I am still
laughing about the fact that you're
doing this barefoot true determination I
feel like this trail is getting smaller
and smaller or like I think you took the
wrong way I told you briefly I look at
this there's there's no trail just
mountains but it's gonna really suck for
you alright it was perfect
you got a dalam of the streets that was
a great great day yes I called my
insurance company before I got there
what else let's do it I just said I'm
going to hang out with you local for
three days so by breathing no welcome to
cliques and Sons gold yellow your app
Norwegian now like which caps are the
ones to avoid this is one this looks
legit we probably need a station wagon
yeah no way even that I could jump in
the front yeah you can enjoy your first
experience in Norway and I have a book
it builds me thank you
you
your arrival destination we arrived
welcome to Norway thank you
oh you don't then this message from
friends present a nice smooth yes a
little roller okay okay
don't you're funny okay it's pretty
heavy yeah I like it
jumpin jumpin yes now that's what I call
a serious travel day when you start
Marva and end on a boat in Norway yeah
that's unpredictable I love the length
games this is so nice very very
Scandinavian
so all day as well as I get all used to
be boathouse so I never rebuild it is
where we are going to spend the day yeah
yeah oh really yeah that's insane you
swim huh please print work
of course it's clear watch it with us ah
do you know what it is it called it like
a little chilly oh and something out
yeah wow this place is peaceful
and the water is super clear yeah this
is uh this is how we do all meetings in
douchebags I mean in order to get
creative and smart we need a peaceful
good environment exactly and the lease
all right Jessica there's no noise
I like this place well understand what I
mean with Bob green on effect on Judah
yeah a new cereal it's fairly totally
different I'd say we should show this
place from from the air
sorry like Norway I like it they need to
repent really yeah I think so you're too
used to the heat
yeah but it's beautiful isn't it yes I
think that's what makes like in this
company special that we are very non
boardroom corporate we like it like this
and I'm sure that since they told us to
bring life festival see what else we
have in stock but since we're with
douchebags huh
we haven't you done we have a new
product I know I've been using a little
but we released this two days ago so
brand new product you know I love
developing products so this is a it's a
street bag that has a you know
photography and vlogging of course I
mean when I develop a bag of course I'm
going to think cameras and stuff I'm
going to do a quick little short demo
we're not going to turn this into a
sales video we have more pockets and
stuff on this one and it's a bit more
complex than the other bag so it's a bit
higher price but it does have a lot more
features um you have this little first
aid good-looking guys go ahead here I
like to just drop my phone there
yeah magnets okay and then first pocket
goes here which is like you know the
everything pocket and then there's two
like inside pockets and zipper pocket
and then if we move on we have this guy
of course different trips different
cameras but in this one the size of this
opening was actually made after f-stops
medium slope I don't get so many
questions on the insert yeah what is the
S sub is the incidence including side
yeah then I've stopped you're welcome
for the promotion so it's made actually
with the dimensions in mind it's also
made I mean I was measuring out this
sizing and I was looking at you know how
big are a pair of big gym shoes and like
how much space do you need for that so
this you know if you hate photography
you remove your movie bore you don't
have this and then you have your gym you
know compartment or whatever it is you
want to put in there I love camera so we
have cameras in there then what I did is
that I figured theft stop comes with a
padding so I took the padding out cover
yeah because that way you have quick
access and quick access so main pocket
can be used for I actually also measured
it out for a helmet
if I wanted to take this pack on the
hill and sort of you know when you go to
the glacier can you see the helmet fit a
helmet gloves and goggles like I've
tested this is like 20 different thing
and then with the bag I was sort of
picturing myself traveling and when
you're traveling let's say we come here
like you're on a boss you're on an
airplane or whatever it is you are and
now it's starting to rain so we're going
to make this quick but like in the
airplane it's like oh I want my camera
oops I'll pull it up and you have this
good sized big pocket you can actually
try that you can actually fit RGH five
with a mic on I put it I wanted to like
have a good access like top pocket that
was stable like this you know you don't
need cameras again but it's it's really
nice for it and then inside you I love
little pockets and then another one here
this is much nicely I like it I'm going
to be organized you know I need every
help I can get to get organized and then
also the laptop that you pull straight
out and then here haha
famous hooks the hooks so you can hook
it onto your big bags and if you don't
know at home you just slow it and you
face it back and then I was always on
airports like you're walking around
you're like I don't want my passport
then you go and it's safe passport and
it's a hundred percent yeah I don't know
did I forget anything
oh yeah the looker no oh yeah I almost
forgot my favorite feature I was like
thinking about I'm like if I have all
this expensive camera gear and I'm on
the beach I'm forever and I'm like you
know wanted like secure the bag a bit so
that someone can't just grab it yeah so
then we put a little pocket underneath
here look at this smart thing and you
have a cable uh-huh that's see put it
around here put it around there and then
say I want to lock my camera compartment
you place this one inside and then lock
so since everyone wants different locks
and people keep loosing their keys we
decided to let people buy their unlock
so they can get what they they want you
can either load this or this yeah you
can choose whichever pocket that you
want to be like the laptop depending all
you have and what think that's the name
of the bug is their name viii the
and then it has a little cousin called
the artist which is like a smaller yeah
I sort of designed that with young in
mind
yeah we'll show you that later we're not
going to I just wanted to show the back
but then I keep talking perfect and now
I'm dragging out the ending again so we
will say go mop over there and then
Laura whoa good not oh great
ciao
