Oh today it's an early good morning I am
giving you rich shot of those a ride to
the airport because she has her flight
to catch so if there was an early
morning but you know every morning with
a Red Bull and a nice fast car on free
highways a good day
any last words before leaving us thank
you for the ride you really appreciate
it my points are like five days of rain
so you need water to grow we would see
you very very soon
now back to my bay ah miss your tiger
missile gun how are you energized and
you how are you like that so yeah okay
we are in the same time yeah I have one
of those mornings like you know we woke
up like at 5 something give Richard a
ride to the airport dork out like nice
car and then me and Richard okay we're
going to start today's vlog with like a
life tip huh
which one you have so many people around
you that when you ask them for things
things are difficult than that it's like
that but if you can surround yourself
with people that just say of course of
course I'll help the richest like thank
you so much for driving I'm like it's my
pleasure so my lesson it's like try to
do you know things that your friends
need and if they don't do it back then
come on so have fewer good friends and
then make sure to just like you need
help of course like and I think that's
that's why we get along really well and
then by me and Richard get along really
well it's a good listen so yeah we'll
start the lesson with that but now you
know I'm ready to get get shit done it
will where's the car
I forgot the key sits down ok but sup
number one is that we're going to go and
be mom and dad's to Philip and drive him
to school ah see how that works I love
this car
I was just gonna say I want to tell you
a funny story you know I'm feeling like
I'm driving pretty fast
and it looked kind of like 140 I'm like
I must really be getting old thing in
147 this whole meters in miles per hour
oh that's why though so that I was
laughing by myself I mean officially
we're just joking but driving this car
made me realize I need the rolls ace up
there there hasn't been updates on the
rolls because I haven't had much stuff
days I've been working on it every
single day but we have this wheel
problem that is just like it's like a
nail in my eye so today's Monday we have
a couple options
it's either shipping wheels from the
states but then I'm worried about
shipping I potentially have a pair of
wheels in Monaco that I'll find out
today
okay if I do I'll send someone to drive
them to Holland absolute motors who's
building the cars basically we just have
the wheels left so if we can just get
those wheels what I decided now is that
we're gonna go with a summer look and
then we're going to go deep shit crazy
for the hole but yeah there will be
updates real soon because I'm about to
like drive to hole in myself to like
help with whatever I need help with
should we tell them the horsepower
figure you don't know the horsepower
figure yet no no idea
okay we'll give it a little okay we
gotta get give me a little so what was
the when you voted six hundred something
now
we have a full Quicksilver exhaust all
the way remap by absolutes and we have
been noted to 810 the horsepower this is
no fucking late
yes way so that's why I want it now
like now 140 miles now you're gonna do
it something else at 400 miles an hour
okay mission one feed the dog ah you
crystal 70 already yeah one and a half
cup food well I think you know where the
food is Richard if you're at the moment
where the food is where would you put
dog food Maxie where's your food could
you think it's in the basket out ah
there's one yes hey Jamie good more job
soon
hey is it all ah breakfast time for my
princess come here sick I should go ah
ha good boy I did not think he was going
to pay anything I said
alright mission one accomplished wisdom
good morning Polly are you ready for
school yeah happy to go to school no oh
come on
sorry oh come on come on seriously once
you will sleep half of the time you are
sleeping now and you would say oh I
slept so well last night
so the main question for that what is
your dream job like what are you gonna
do when you grow up I mean maybe explain
what are you doing because maybe people
doesn't really know Richard started a
painting company in Stockholm that grew
into a few different businesses within
renovations of houses windows product
management of construction and a lot of
different things and then he sold all
moves to that and now in Spain he is
working with buying properties in remote
wall fixing them and then selling out I
mean it's good if you have the
construction knowledge you know if
someone comes in and builds a house or
me like all this looks nice whereas
Richard comes in with a golf ball and
bounces it on the tiles on the floor and
then you know people like the builders
are like what are you doing inside you
can hear it's not empty underneath there
so if you have a knowledge of
construction I think you can be a much
better real estate investor or building
I would say for anyone that goes to
school make sure to like think about the
subjects that you are actually like what
the advice I give my son is like there
are subjects that I'm like seriously why
in the world should I learn this so I
made sure to pass
everything but I focus a lot on things
that more useful like languages when I
was younger I might get I just want to
have some tears but languages you are
always going walk languages like I mean
just tell everybody would you learnt
this morning money only not enough think
enough of frere no but focus on the this
is this is turning out to be like a life
lesson blog but I think that's good as
well but I'd say like focus on things
that you're actually going to have use
for in the future find someone that you
trust that you're like you look up to
that person and then take their advice
when you're young you always think you
know the best yourself you know like I
personally didn't listen to anyone until
I was until I met Richard I'm like I do
not know everything I should listen to
this guy and then about the house so
listen to smart people and work hard I
saw a poster this morning I loved it it
was a homeless marbella poster black
poster there is no elevator to success
you have to take the stairs
exactly that is today's - lesson first
work work work work work when everybody
else is sleeping you work some more and
then when everybody is hungover we work
some more and you would be winning it
and then you have fun right yeah I
science it
although we really still might say yes
we should do like drop off to school for
kids would like motivational speeches in
the car we ready to that yes I want
years ago say Go Go yeah are you taking
us somebody
yes we're picking up Richard Home
Helpers om time 10 minutes early
that's how we do it some federal
international school enjoy yep
my Benji about joy and focus and learn
learn as much as you can cha-cha-cha
welcome back to rich old lady good
morning you need morning
what do you think of this ah do you
think it's a good idea well I mean
basically we have these towels here that
they're actually orange and I hate that
orange color make the disease orange yes
so we made a quick fix and pink titted
grade because since we're going to redo
everything later then we're going to put
new cells
mm-hmm but it's like the paint Canasta
stakes sure that makes the dirt State
and once it's there it's impossible so
we painted it a few times but our man
Catalina has always done it but now I
figured like I want it to be nice
because look at this like God renews
yeah no duh the new living ocean room
yeah yesterday I mean Benny went and got
like look at this photo see the golf
cart it's like the best transport truck
of all time so we've got this we figured
it's time to like make the place a bit
nicer mm-hmm but then we still have like
all this crap and I want to like I want
to have it nice mouth but I'm not yeah
you paint or Easter
no okay good not in any way Jonnie your
paint expert I mean you're you come from
painting family this guy is this dead or
can you use it yeah but I don't have
another one I want to paint now I found
this but this is a new one yeah but the
question is can we like remove it but
how do we remove it I'll put it as hard
as you can hear I try that but I wasn't
strong enough
yeah to be one face oh crap oh I hate
those pimps there it's okay working no
not working what about what is this oh
he's working yeah well I don't like this
we have the killer axe so what if we
like we hold that there yeah and then we
hammer on it
yeah come on that has one idea look you
hold this and I pull this side yeah
ah you can use the little axe magic oh
right
do you think you have enough painting
for the whole thing I have no idea but
when do we ever know what we're doing
but thing is when you try something you
learn something
yeah that's true so all your painters
out there please excuse our lack of
knowledge okay
first impression it's so good that's a
nice couple teamwork right ah proud of
you guys I look like look at the
difference like on the brown and the
gray so before snacker
he needs to we are almost beneath all
like your hat that's nice
here you like it dries up like in two
seconds
woo I'll see you in a little bit
everybody ready ready love mom and dad
duty there you go
hello again haha the house full Sun exam
day oh well oh yeah I think I think they
were home sweet home
ah alright when we get in you're going
straight to homework because daddy needs
to go for a couple laps in the pool
that's another word don't you know
that's exactly my dad said that you
would say ladies and gentlemen on your
mark get set
no we're gonna work out and I was like
really tired now as I was eating cheese
doodles but then I decided we needed to
stick to the plan to get shit done and
then I'm like wait what can we do work
at wise so I thought of a plan 50 laps
underwater jump in swim underwater get
out two push-ups swim back so in total
50 laps underwater no no no jump and you
come up during a lap you have to come
back and you can't count it okay and we
are going to race next to each other
let's not try to race too much no not
really we're just like okay bye mommy
bye bye well hey we'll secure the little
guy competitor number one you're also
from Mura Sweden signing up ready to
swim competitor to Belgium enough to get
some consent not happy to do this
ah I have the massive equipment failure
yeah you know you ready
oh you smash it yeah we have like a line
it hurts like a batch different filter
good actually
Oh getting blue up here great now that
on the side you can see like yeah bombed
it was after like 25 laps right I had 25
more to go
curtain didn't hurt yeah I heard more
and more but what does a broken Reed
make from your side
yeah but I had to finish the workout
good job
goodbye way banging was faster than the
air felt again oh I was diving in by
goggles yeah like all over my face and I
told him no goggles because I was like
you know I figured if I if I had to face
like straight like this they wouldn't
need to come down her up but then they
like way I was not wearing goggles but
if you have a broken nose you can
Spitzer for do activities broken house
again overall yes let's only : tomorrow
morning we are off to Norway for some
douchebag for some douchebag yeah I need
some dislikes going I'm gonna take care
of the house mm yeah I call it way to go
you know those TV shows like home
teenage mom hole like ah trouble in the
house yes I'm like that trouble in the
house will continue here we'll check out
and we'll be back once we are in Norway
yes
Yanni I'll be back in 3 bucks so see you
soon over and out from a blue nose Marva
ha ha ha
