good morning good morning
morning we're so much better at intros
and outros because we're all like fired
up in the morning we're talking about a
million ideas and things to do we're
just pumped I'm really pumped right now
and enjoy working out today oh god bad
no like I I'm not sure if I will get up
from here without your help oh yeah you
guys can stay down here okay come back
we're gonna get on like this I'm sorry
they were out for a drink last night
she had heels I should like you know
when you're like with your foot she fell
down she come into my center like she
couldn't get out her friend she was also
doing to working with us and try to tell
for often they're both like ah good what
they've seen see she's right on the
floor like no but people must have
thought they're drunk so that's the
feeling so take it to success is to
crush they kill your body are you better
I feel when it bleeds like your muscle
please I can feel that love if it
doesn't that feel good yeah like oh like
this is really bad I call it the feeling
of getting better looking Yanis bikini
body challenge but we have enough
another challenge here in the morning we
are gonna go get something that I really
really really really really really want
which is you have to wait and see uh-huh
I shall cover if I do this yeah
oh yeah red new car what I was looking
for the guy that I bought the watch off
had a friend coming down today obviously
I have no patience so he was able to
send it then then that you do hey nice
to meet you thank you thank you Oh
quick and easy should we have a quick
look I say we put it in here yeah
since Henry just been straight Gianni
yeah are you ready yeah I'm going to
tried it on yet
no no wanted to do it with you they're
normally it's a giant box Rudy's but I
sent that to my parents did you buy it
all right that ah Lutetia yeah see I
just didn't try it on no you know me I
like to like I like you could get it
done so you bought it without even sing
it yeah I'm never trying to understand
yeah and that would be a big problem
maybe how wants to buy in all the marks
became almost we just saw that ap the
brand names too difficult to pronounce
are you ready
where's the food more interesting not
incident oh I didn't even open it no I
know I mean he's really nice
first ap oh good said it was good in so
nice isn't that cool yeah look did you
know he was like that cool remodeler
does that mean yeah exactly right
elected like the first ones I was
looking at their giant and they're like
there are a lot of gangsters have
exactly but this one it has like the
skeleton elusive laser oh I'm having one
of those moments are like fucking
perfect
know when I was watching the other this
compared to them this is like who has
done - okay it's like the dune growing
up instead of like being too pink Lambo
over the top okay so it's the 30
it's the Audemars Piguet Royal Oak
thirty nine millimeter skeleton rose
gold I hope I got that correctly but I
figured maybe if I said that I bought
something I should say what it is 39 is
fairly small compared to all the other
ApS but I like it because it has AP
sights and all this but it still feels
like it's not like I show you my Wes I
enjoy having a good was think so I'm not
going to be in a classy but I think this
is like as close to classy as I will get
but I did order a couple extra strap
because I want to like use this swim
like I don't buy stuff so you want to do
the swimming with it of course when I
get the rubber straps we're swimming you
buy a watch they are not willing to swim
with you should buy another watch yeah
sure last but not least yeah I want to
say thank you to time hook you'll have
it his in insta in the description
never had I believe that buying a watch
trevita smooth yeah was a thank you no
supers no this is it we could do a bank
statement see that it is this one
someday
um talk to your dad there at the new
house I'm moving in do you want to go
over and check it out
can I change yeah you can change I'm
gonna take one hour one hour walking up
the stairs will take 30 minutes alright
we'll see you in an hour then yeah
good cookin tinge go Yanni go yah it's
like after we run for life oh come on
okay see you when you're done
are you ready guys yeah hello
and you watch trash trash guys right
what I was going to say is I'm cool
I should send those to getting
downstairs right I like them to me I
know the feeling
oh come on ponch or at me first cute
after you good I get plenty of whirlpool
blah oh yeah many cactuses you should be
your plaything
oh how you serve I know you oh nice
really nice is it Richard of proof the
proof where you can't really say
otherwise of course I could the answer
your honor and a gang code if I didn't
like it it okay nice good Julie I'm not
just to see you to watch does one time
go Graham yes turn to be lucky and
successful when you come to my house oh
yeah listen to your new house calcite
cataleya
I'll be pleased you can see the view is
spectacular you have early morning Sun
coming around like this spoken like a
true a real estate agent yeah and then
we have you know you've got Richard has
better afternoon light than me so here's
the pool mmm the nice big garden and
then in here you have two bedrooms for
the kids your main area and it was just
such a few of the other kitchen and
degreasers can open up the wall to like
connect it all Oh shiny garage come look
so nice yeah look so many things down
here yeah I think those faults all my
time really nice ball mm-hmm hello
little bathroom this looks like a fez
you could sleep in this is an even
lights under you put me in my socks what
what's my sensor massage no try it no
way there is this the point where we
should have ended the house tour are not
gone into this these are the proof
things I'm sure this bad is the cheapest
way out it's going out with no way I
grew up here yeah building a kid no way
okay
now the most important part massage is
working chef Taylor massage yet
listening to business thankfully oh yeah
it's just like strong yeah antastic
werecat order one of these oh okay bye
bye
okay that's on my list of things I want
crazy massage that real estate agent
talk to me on Krista Como Zoo because I
come of you right there that means like
you basically have this gully so if we
had a cable right across oh we could
like send morning now love dope about
this forgive your son's a few months
with me yeah how much time do I spend in
the bathtub way too much time per day
between three and four hours of we
didn't to town but like at least an hour
to yeah and I used to love getting up in
the morning checking all the emails like
because with the water pouring it's like
a relaxing feeling so then if you get a
bad email it's like okay so that that
one my work spot this is where if we add
this out it'd be like Kurt screams
editing suite most their devices oh yes
but I think it's like it's awesome to
have an inspire your workplace you can
work for Tom boom like richard has an
office richard has a boat no one doesn't
have an office even doesn't have a boat
look is it that time again shooting time
it is shooting time
you
boom yeah so you leaving some photos
somewhere
yeah I can find them on my blog yes
better than we see on his blog because I
checked lugar contribute because these
are really nice very accurate these very
very good oh yeah see you later we're
gonna go jump into the pool
you
ah good same time very good but not time
for a couple missions to a summers equip
the house a bit more ah
we're at a big furniture stores our
outside tables broken or yeah there's a
research ah side furniture Wow you could
write 39 euros has to be the pillow 4000
it was the biggest with most boring shop
Avenue beam but it's like good if you
will spend like 1 billion dollar on
furniture and order three of the weight
Imperial furniture look at it oh you
need legal bipolar with happy we
officially decided that this is like
terrible like way more fun to chill by
the pool and like big things so yeah
we're we're going to give up like house
improvement for today here a couple
photos of the Ani and then we're in Agra
BBQ with Richards mom
why do we stop here we had a photo wall
which one one ah I couldn't see it for a
long here okay quick bureau
wrinkles place ah
that's like a new place in a few hours
yeah I couldn't recognize it oh the
smell is great we gotta get our heart
barbecue up and running and use it every
single day
moaning okay barbecue okay lunch
barbecue barbecue like 20 chicken
fillets every morning you can copy this
is for you is for you and this is
something and mr. chips and it's the
guacamole how is life so far
we shouldn't complain of the cannot
complain but I say we should put that
thing down there yes yes we'll just
enjoy the sunset oh yeah and hope hope
that we made good on the barbecue
well as you might hear we are already on
the golf cart and we decided that ending
with light and dark and bad light that
was just a bad plan
so we're just going to stay Chou and Li
you guys sort of just watch the sunset
because variety is always skiing a vlog
but I know that Yanni has something that
she wants to say
