all right let's go Tommo we are say good
morning from story feel hold on thank
you thank you so much the man the myth
the legend made it all happen here
everything okay I left a few douchebag
and the garage over there for you you
have a couple extra lines thank you
least we can do but now we're gonna try
to stay safe towards also have a safe
that way we'll my kitties glad you're
joining us and punching and show you
unboxing on the back to you I look like
sick do you think that's okay team fast
first welcome to the editing studio yeah
studio okay you know how good life
always steals the moment you get in the
car you start going it's like freedom
yeah but do we have the cable for the
music we have a whole tech department
the backseat yeah other than my backpack
I could get up super easily there's one
tree Scouts right here or is it further
away yeah all the way down so many
questions up inning yeah the question is
where did the rest go through someone's
back then we should probably get music
then that sounds smart
yeah well stop on the flats where you
don't have any impulse lighting India
yeah
and then we're far enough away so you
still have some of that freedom feeling
worse freaking open the come on whoa no
no no I know no deceit perfect hopefully
it's the right one wow that was very
stressful our life is so tough cable oh
my god
all right door door fuck in three two
one
Oh
nice the benefit of being earlier
there's only seven people here now
priority one is getting the export thing
here Express Express Express run Benny
you need a power cable no I haven't see
this thing does not export faster than
car power it is now what time is it
oh yeah half an hour and as I said in a
previous vlog if we are late at a for
publishing time I have to pay a thousand
you were fine to charity so that's
really hope this Mac is fast
what's charity we Richard is starting up
a foundation so we're all gonna put it
into good stuff
please computer how much left saying 30
minutes 30 minutes yeah so you're
telling me there's a chance yeah no but
if it's four and five minutes later it's
okay no it's just a computer and cut
into it it was not powerful it's not it
yeah it's for next morning for an hour
and it's a 20 minute vlog yeah it's nice
for you guys yeah it's a win-win we get
to do charity you get a long vlog but
you have to wait 15 minutes yeah the
most expensive 15 minutes of my life so
what we're gonna do here now is that
we're just gonna run a couple meetings
here wait for once say goodbye then
we're gonna go drop off the car then go
to the airport sleep to the airport go
to Paris and then fly to Cancun so lots
of things coming up on the vlog but step
one get the thing online quick update
it is 348 and 10 minutes away from being
exported
I have prepared acknowledging our
failure here if if the others unless
magic internet happens
three minutes neared three minutes two
minutes on my phone
oh it's exploded no we're doing this on
purpose because we felt we haven't done
enough charity lately sir yeah we
actually just passed it to make it seem
exciting yeah 10 minutes not looking 10
minutes
that's YouTube smoke all the Wi-Fi spots
but it's just when you have a you know
to our export and then missing by four
minutes that's just a little and we
could have missed it by six hours yeah
because the fine would have been the
same we could have just chilled and
unstressed no but the whole point with
the thousand euro fine for being late is
so that we're all in time so four
minutes past four is better than eight
that night exactly maybe we should have
an $1,800
3:59 I'm about to push publish for
publish
the thousand-year sorry to eat Bowl me
and Benny are about to be the only set
people still hanging because people are
leaving and leaving everything but we
are we've almost convinced the boys to
join us to Japan and once that in ten
days two weeks yeah yeah we have a lot
of traveling going on so here's the
little explanation of our travel so the
trip starts in Oslo the first flight
over to Paris where I meet up with Yanni
and then we both fly over to Cancun to
spend a week in Tulum I gave you any the
four days for her birthday without
computers cameras or anything and she's
gonna check in on that and use those
four days then I fly from Cancun to
Mexico City and down to Santiago where
Benny's gonna meet up with us and I'm
going to be able to drive the formula e
car again and wash the race once that's
over jumping back on the plane me and
Benny long flight up to Atlanta change
planes monster flight all the way over
to Tokyo and then we're gonna spend ten
days in Japan searching out the best
powder in the world and just skiing or
asses on and then the last couple
flights will be from Tokyo to Dubai and
from goodbye to nice
so a whole lot of flying all across the
world
oh that's great to see them in good
times good times
get the coop I'm driving a jet drive
safe Benny you know
yeah Oh are you going to get it are you
joining us no DJ snake didn't miss me
too drunk Andre
why don't you that's a good idea
actually usually goes why don't you go
to Stockholm yeah why don't you go to
Stockholm what are you gonna do here
hang out with me look felt like there's
a lot of Benny as a date opportunities
up there this is happening yeah we
rebooked a lot of flight
when I met Yanni I bought six new
tickets in six days huh yeah what I was
gonna go like the next day okay so
looking at Lenny's face right now really
the price for the tickets for if I go
home tomorrow I didn't want to get rid
of a but you need to have fun after a
hard working week that's perfect have
fun in Stockholm the only one left to
hang in here so I'm gonna keep doing no
you mean Benedict there we're crushing
some new no we're being productive on
those legs but I say that now that you
need to put the camera down we'll just
just spin and I'll pick back up later
whenever I'm alone and bored okay good
luck on that one buddy thank you and
have fun in Mexico yeah yeah yeah
merci beaucoup
ChaCha oh and I made it to Oslo
gardemoen where I'm gonna spend the
night and get some sleep I'd like to
thank Christopher who gave me a ride out
here
super nice Christopher really appreciate
that so time to sleep and we'll check
back in a few hours and I'll let you
join me on the journey to Mexico oh yeah
by the way I just watched the vlog that
we published a second ago I'm Benny you
are pretty freaking good at what you do
and it makes me kind of bummed that I'm
trying to do a vlog after haven't seen
that because it's gonna be really tough
to one-up that one but we'll try to do
our best and we're saying good morning
it is still early it's roughly by 45 I
think and I'm about to jump on this
flight over there to Paris and I'm gonna
check back once I'm in Paris because oh
I getting alone at 5 a.m. in the morning
is kind of painful so a little bit of
flying and networth sit down
like this
look at these things I had to get a
couple headphones cuz I didn't have any
when I was flying over here but now I'm
on my way to the gates I just hope Yanni
makes it on time cuz she's sort of late
I love these things
looky looky ha that's some great weird
look nice for the shades Yanni made it
it was actually no stress at all so yeah
that's a current update of Paris Airport
now we're gonna coffee we're gonna kiss
a little bit so we'll be back in a
second
I'm so happy she's here princess
hello home for the next Eva not along
the flattest no 11
we've been fighting forever Johnny
wasn't ours you know are we there yet
not quite eight hours but we are here
now we're gonna sleep for a little so
we'll say goodnight for like the second
time in the blog with a third coming
yeonggil inspo and we have arrived and I
just changed the plan I was gonna end
the vlog here but this place is way too
awesome so we're gonna end the vlog
tomorrow morning see if we can show you
this amazing place now we're all good
we're really tired - so ending tomorrow
look at this so we'll see you guys in
the morning then we'll just do a special
boy and end it then okay so I can't
really say ciao but I can say good night
now see you and 14 seconds
now this is a better way to end a boy
and say good morning which is weird
hello awesome place hello so now we are
gonna dig into this breakfast this
orange juice is so fresh I promise we're
gonna show a lot more of this place in a
couple days but first it's time to take
to stay Thursday off and as you remember
I gave Yanni four days of no computer no
cell phone no camera no nothing for her
birthday in April which was in April
we're finally getting to it and I can't
think of a better place to just live
life without computers social media
emails everything it's gonna be rest
cameras yeah so we're gonna be back on
Sunday we might like break the rules a
little and take a couple shots here and
there because it's a little too nice not
to but basically we're gonna be back
Sunday and then in a week in a week so
I'm gonna pay my 2000 euro fine for oh
really
1000 euro for Tuesday 1000 for Thursday
to charity since there will not be a
violin but a birthday gift is a birthday
gift so we're gonna dig into this
breakfast and we're gonna see you guys
on 4 p.m. Central European Time on
Sunday
over and out from Tulum and what do they
call it yeah engagement moon we're on
our engagement moon so we'll see you
later
ciao ciao ciao
