oh and good morning first good morning
from our bay of the summer and I gotta
admit it feels great to be here just
like it's quiet it's nice it's birds we
have the pool that we can play in and in
a little bit the guys are going to come
and finish up the camouflage on the golf
car and I'm an organized thinks and life
is going to be under control and then
we're going to create just magic called
summer long so good start we'll see when
Benny wakes up and yeah I like it
it's mornings you know I love my morning
so time for coffee and some more work ah
mr. Ortega how are you
I think energies I want to jump into
school I think you should jump into the
pool don't hit the bottom it's not very
deep where he's going to land I feel
like there's going to be a dangerous
number with your ideas but a dangerous
summer is a good summer and oh yeah good
morning oh I'm gonna wake up every day I
guess ress bless you of water oh no this
is the key to productivity Alateen
overkill Oh wake up jump out through the
window into the boat and then you can
stop exactly
good morning oh yeah good how are you
you're ready to make some camo golf cars
yeah we were finished today
perfecto I'll be right down how are you
good how are you everything good hey
doing nice to meet you okay we should
move Richard's car
thank you but then I thank you for
though and I hope it isn't working you
can just feel if you have any question
of you know produce subject okay
and good Morgan to Johnny
good morning how are you today good you
feel good being in Marbella yeah hey I
love this place make it and now we're
going to get a camel golf course my life
life is good
I'll be up and rolling by the end of
today well time and now a lot of things
to do a lot of things to be done so now
more action to this for me let me play a
little line that you'll see one which
Chloe will please do not care on that
I'm gonna be inside never got a golf car
before but it's so much easier to do it
on hand like this than to do it for the
shop and go inside they're not as easy
as it looks
just take it safe into the perfect angle
yeah but then you also want to make it
kind of easy for these guys I mean you
can make one design that's slightly
different but a pain in the ass to make
oh yeah okay it's funny I see so many
like camera cars everywhere but I always
think that they just put tamil on and
they they just put it on instead of like
building the camel with the car and to
me that's the key do you have any tips
if someone was to do camel toe
ah yeah try to copy mine no but I never
try to go with lines that are like sharp
or ninety see here that it's like always
more than ninety always more than 99
that's a good rule of thumb 120 is the
good base yeah and then I try to work
with first pattern a black and then
grave to work with the black it's really
hard because you know it wants to create
sharp angles everywhere and then maybe
it's one in a presidential army
we need to heard some nice I love it
breaking new ground on California Yogi's
the pool is better like this it's more
like a summer time yeah I'm working on
activating summer mode but it looks like
all the swans died over the winter yeah
we only have these two lifts so I'd say
the mission is to just jump in here cool
off for a second and then go Swan
hunting oh yeah do you know where we
can't one hundo but I'm sure there has
to be some nesting grounds for Swanson
Marbella ah yes because we need swans
yeah we even if I have to jump a fence
and steal this one we're gonna get swans
here today even if they're real swans
yes but first I'm gonna try to get some
air in this pool cannot have not no
floaties in the pool it's not a pool
yeah we only have good guys
yeah happy yeah you can give it a good
little clean oh yeah give it a try
oh hello oh hello summer when you had
the swans are bigger and better yeah and
they're just cooler as well yeah except
for that man a flamingo
yeah listen let me clean this one ah
nice nice
do you wanna do your daily challenge
yeah yeah if you need to buy yeah I mean
as long as you all the record he's my
record dammit I don't have I don't have
any speedos Oh
or should we have a no speedo okay let's
go get speedos today no come on we got
opus tomorrow you think Michael Phelps
is in board shorts trying to beat the
world record of like pool swimming in
Marbella of numerous videos or like 10
years 15 years how about this how about
today we do three rounds of five to see
what we can get the five-time down to
because in order to optimize training
you're to switch it up so I'll do five
so five should then be so five should be
under two and a half exactly easy I
think several easy whenever you want yes
you big the record well was it there 220
220 but yeah I think the keys to just
saw in slower yeah because then you keep
your pulse down so then you don't need
to rest as long yeah because that felt
like easy really yeah but yeah let's
keep this short I'm sorry we're not
going to bore you with this every day
okay now your eternity whenever you're
ready
yeah 2:30
ah 2:30 exactly I was 220 right yeah you
do 225 got the weigh-in today yeah all
for this round
first you know the best thing about you
know you keep me active like even more
active I then when I'm by myself
ready yeah it's awesome cool high-five
again and you keep me active as well so
we keep like each other
yeah first we get up and work and then
we get active and go crazy but now it's
time for new missions and should we
decided to take a walk instead of thing
in the car down and you continue with
active help be super duper life stuff
enjoying Yanni for a walk down to Fort
de Bono's yeah but the good thing is
that she's like a living boombox when
you're walking so that's kind of
perfecto when you want to walk
we'll see go south ciao
what store again
well we're walking down now to just see
what they had you heard something
interesting come out okay so since we're
down I mean my bad
a lot of watches so well the mission to
go down is to go buy a home with Maria
because they just open up a shop so I
wanna go check it out but I mean there's
nothing that says that we can't check
out a watch or two on the way there
until you find your I mean I have one
that it's supposed to be shipped
tomorrow but I mean there's still time
to change your mind can you
yeah of course Oh another one super nice
the way too classy for mr. Holtz oh this
other one hold me
are you I'm gonna finally down hey honey
check it again what am i explained or
spell yeah yeah I'm coming up yeah
we took a walk down with Yanni to her
life Rajani she's there with the babies
I was going for 10 more days because
she's like hey nice I assure you
everything new young music like I wanted
on Instagram yeah hi everyone Lexi have
you filled out the bottom yeah it was
like why some life yeah okay I
also like okay this is the new
collection or yes that's nice
I feel like we should have shorts like
walking up and I mean I know that is
good because they was warm up and if any
only has long scene shortly - I'm like
no way they have to get yes
yeah that one I really like like this
t-shirt I want to go with like something
it is baby and I put it on and I'm like
I thought it was wrong like I felt oh
yeah we need to fix the babe yeah ah
it's good numb it should turn around
yeah that's the good length
yeah now I feel comfortable no you can
do it by April yes any proof I just
looked like a new person I feel like a
different light why here come on kit I
love it
hello summer that's not that I feel like
so nice and you say yeah it was like
deja vu about a year ago we picked up a
bunch of stuff and some are started
let's just have a quick look no either
place that I did I have a swan no I'm
not giving up quite yet on this one this
one maybe I just feel like what sir no
Swami nice one China no like I can't
believe that what am i baby that one
place where there should be a store with
one of course it's the minute all year
long here yeah and everybody has a ball
and everybody that has to pull one Swan
right like the mini green with white
wheels it has good boys where ha right
see those little guys over there
yeah ah depending one longboards wonder
if those are any electric you think
nope they're not engine I think someone
filius that we shouldn't have a
skateboard every time they try to get a
skateboard we end up doing something
else
all right now one quick last mission and
then back home hard drive a healthy
juice yes you are sure now that looks
much better with the house I'm it took
us a while to get it done but now when
it's done it's perfectly done okay so
well done ghetto I think it's done see
if you might think like a golf party but
it's so like small and round shapes and
everything and it's like yeah probably
not the easiest all right no no but it
was worth it because now it looks like a
golf car should look yeah it's
completely right now we can roll around
and style again yes while we work on the
other no your card yeah nothing compared
to this one yeah look at the difference
before after way nicer thanks Amelia
guys it looks unquiet this so now you
know if you need a camel car in Marbella
you have been a large they know how it's
done
oh yeah we've we've had the foal like
debating like lions and like but don't
copy me they take it's fun when people
do camel cars here it's cool to see
different takes on it but I have yet to
see one that I like more than the ones
I've done myself can I say that does
that sound real cocky
ah no exactly that's true how long have
you been camouflaging to tell us six or
seven okay was ten years but I feel like
I learn a little bit ever
single time mm-hmm but I should probably
take it found out before this goes down
yes you guys know as well thanks a
million really appreciate it
finally yeah finally look at it should
the ten name I like it she like your new
camera girl no really
well don't you need your study tomorrow
morning before market was raining out
Yanni's like almost risk to the
roundabouts over there Connie whenever
you want to drift around here feel free
you know let me turn I'm gonna know unit
only three wheels
I like no no I'm like one of those real
I'm like one of those guys in Saudi
where they've gone two wheels do you
think again on this this next change
well I read it somewhere else cuz it
like if any neighbors home they would
not like that but before flips over I
say we end today yeah we have finally
successfully completed yeah no you think
oh that's good I just like it okay yeah
the boys did a fantastic job so a link
in the description below if you want
wrapping especially arm area so yeah
yeah I think we just say you know good
night and all that stuff and we'll see
us tomorrow more summer adventures to
come mañana
buenas noches
Savion II okay ciao ciao ciao
