daddy mummy and kid X likes Allah
beholden morning morning we are back we
are at nice Airport we are about to fly
to Marbella and we were flying very
languid all of this luggage so it's a
bit of uncertainty this morning
hopefully that works well but we are
going to go to Marbella because Johnny's
lovely sister has her kids there for
another 10 days that's why we're like
BAM and switching out to Maria so that
we can see the little guy and we love
more pea soup yeah everybody knows mommy
yeah we have a lot of fun plans for casa
camba the summer we're coming that's
like the plan on the plane today
actually comment below if you have any
ideas of things we could do to the house
that normal people don't do like we're
going to paint the whole wall in the
back pink and put a cactus there of the
grand wall that's not like anything
stupid you can think of let us know
we're going to go on the plane and like
try to figure out something stupid the
first check-in hopefully that works well
and then our favorite drone the juice
sandwich I really love those well no
look it over good we even I just have a
bad feeling about today's like it's shot
in two inches written I don't know why
what a 14-ounce
and thank you so thank you so what I
call smooth as butter oh my god crazy I
thought I thought that was going to be a
bad day like this first my bags - one
kilo
come on that your bag one kilo so much
and they or buy one kilo too much I was
like and you didn't say anything
yes she was super nice okay young the
fourth nugget she was only 11 huge tons
of - really - fikriye throughout - like
please - hey wait very well I'm - do you
have one of these from the roof into the
pool
yes let's do this but I haven't found
any stores to shop I like that if you
are still and you say this yeah let us
know exactly we're using the fact that
there's a big variety of people watching
so if anyone is a slide expert oh yeah
today was not the best days a lot of
luggage early like Yom super coffee
first for a bun gate then they changed
the gates for entering around they were
on a bus and we hold this luggage and
we're running around getting real sweaty
and I think we are getting really late
for an export to coastal got anybody
think are we going to make the Barcelona
bike no problem
in do you think we take the bus for this
lightly I think so that's why I'm not
like in no unlike each country then we
be walking like the other side of you
and you don't care I really don't speak
this is the one because freaking like
the gate we're supposed to be a problem
we have that that is where we answer the
bus yeah and then we went over there
turned around and now we're parking on
this side to get out of the Sun
officially the least efficient bus ride
of my life
Nancy Obama collision
shooting time oh it's shooting time
there's no one around let's take the
plane now talking to me the shooting
Yonex official photographer the trunk of
a job
don't you configure now yeah just so odd
there let's let's just spend the
Barcelona we'll pick up there when it
called it see like we need to run for
good
absolutely we had an hour 45 in
Barcelona but then the claim was like
seriously delayed so now the plane is
departing in like 15 minutes
just by Yanni and Benny they want to run
and I'm like no it's ok like learn just
to be exercised but I have an idea let's
just tree away from this and we'll see
you in Malaga and we made it to Malaga
yes it was one of those days where it's
like delayed and we're like are we going
to make the flight and like yeah and we
made it remain then then we got on and
it was like the oldest plane I've ever
been on in my entire life
like even Yanni's knees hits the front
of it after that something not ideal but
I got to shoot a bit but it's really
like in this a union format for the one
you're going to put some photos yeah
we're going to post photos blog like
yeah last time when I'm like you might
blog my blog man I forgot to post for us
beyond today you know it's just me guys
now we're gonna head over to Marbella
else looks nice yeah a VGA in there for
a couple weeks so hopefully he did a
good job cleaning up I heard something
about barbecue oh there's a surprise
with the Bubba cute yeah ho-oh took up
to see if we got a lighter because there
was a tight connection in what is alone
ah yeah squealing they will never answer
if they love oh it took me five days
last time before someone who nicked up
the phone yeah we were on a boat going
to different islands everyday so we
couldn't really tell him where we were
because depending on when it came we
were on a different Island
tried to call like four days narrow
every every day and that one he picked
up was like you don't hang up Hawaiian
he's like whoa whoa whoa take it easy no
my dog is off do not mess with Johnny
keep on yours oh they make it is yeah
welcome to Casa karma ah you're already
here good to be here yeah I had to run
up and like open up and stuff Jenny oh
yeah we left Johnny on the way she I
want to go see her sister and all the
kids are here later but to be throw this
stuff in there and we and we get to
there oh yeah real fast to the food
oh nice yeah good job of Ichi I'm sure
I'm sure he clean it himself
Oh hola mr. cactus mr. cactus have a
sickness
whoa that didn't super initial in the
DMP we have to go get to know mr.
Hector's choice but the poor looking
green and nice as always smell white yet
because the plan was so this was all
going to be white and everything but
finding the right people to work with
it's never easy
no so we're trying to like stay focused
on the blog like focus on that that
trumps everything look at this before
after
that's a bit nicer the golf car is still
under camouflaging 9:00 a.m. tomorrow
it's going to be camouflaged we're going
to camouflage the tennis thank you John
for swimming that's the only thing I
want to do right now
Wow I do it again haha yes what was the
last record that 6:32 will set a new
summer record yeah hopefully last time
we suck
how was it you liked it how you feeling
my Colts not quite done yet the hell was
it mm yeah whoa yes one minute I see
yeah that's perfect but I was fortunate
like it is easier now all right your
turn yeah bunny I was pushing as well
545 i0 587 sighs you fight we have a new
unofficial pool record ah belonging to
mr. Benjamin Ortega aims to be such a
wife for me like more than five minutes
52 that was really good but now we have
a standard for the summer fire we're
breaking 5:00 tomorrow
now I say we go to time left standard in
Marbella and we will see they're gonna
bet
hola hola Senor s o Indian mafia
somewhere in Indian Oh what's up silly
how is life it's good I guess it's your
bay up over you ma be a summertime
Gooden and all the music is great yeah
what the search for you uh but that was
the only one someone peed on it not
really yeah oh but I get here
yeah good good oh yeah this is you again
what an incredible idea with Indian code
keep your shape you need so much
cautious seriously hello glad yeah it's
the drug guy sucker broke come on video
is freezer she started look okay we need
we need to shut someone up in the
comment I've seen a guy come on every
single video for the last two weeks
okay what kind of hair wax is Richard
use we will shoot a Bugatti on your
saltwater that's that's the thing that's
the best one another vessel just all
water no I use some product but I don't
know the name okay we get I just what I
have so I'm kind of get I mean we spent
all day like working super are the next
video about something gone then no no
masala Makani masala Makani masala
is his team football ah 100 euros of you
now this one yeah yeah the nerves come
ahead
oh we got a hundred euros running on
this one shop Oh your turn will up it
Richard
a thousand if I make it a thousand if
you make an excellent
oh oh oh okay
Jonnie last attempt 100 euros to be made
if you stick it 1000 euro if you make it
oh you can do any way you want
all right no more thousand euro bets
here I say that we should we should end
today's vlog yet before we make any more
bad keeping good no no we did it bounce
before okay well not into the thing a
family and bog we have a fact no I'm
trying to do this yeah come here when
back in Spain we have done with the
flare yes no good alright perfect well
then I say that we end the first vlog of
the summer here in Marbella yes magnet
team Dallaire yeah so yeah over and out
hasta manana not a remembering it is
Oh
