morning good morning Michael
we have the f1 Sunday here in Monaco
during the Grand Prix but we're going to
start the day by going on a boat with a
couple friends and I know that there's
some crazy yachts later and hopefully we
can get a bit closer to those things
step one get on the boat get out on the
water and see Monica from outside if you
did the boat take us out so that we can
like it make it and jump in the water
yeah price 30 degrees here in Monaco
today and I'm with ya Betty's wearing a
long sleeved black shirt I was only
taking between white shirts today
Bonjour what you got I love this so
retro cool oh yeah give an integer I
think but I have one request and one
request only today humming I want to go
up close to the crazy weird as looking
at a sailing yacht polluting as we go
for stock this is nice pathetic if the
bull doesn't break down problem no
problem you know the score is 50 percent
rate Constance is an analyst I have a
breakdown
some fears like you dumped it
Oh
Oh
swimming time maybe just give the Grand
Prix and stay here oh yeah how do you
all agree yes
first in the water
this is that time yes sir : go no no I
remember it was okay it was completely
okay oh yes and it's like good morning
you wake up and like some point in life
I don't have any balance it is like
right no good again
moldable yeah oh yeah I can't not know
that it done but how nice on a scale one
to ten I just like an 11 bungee oh oh
it's as fresh as fresh can be oh yeah
coming up oh no way
it's nothing it's like a meter I was
lazy like that he looks a lot different
we have I was actually a bit worried
yeah
come straight no not what haven't I cold
oh yeah I mean trust me there's nothing
I want to do more actually magic yeah
especially you Wow
okay let's climb this climbing climbing
above the cave okay nice job Monsieur I
have some funny pictures of you with all
the cactuses it looked like a horrible
place to climb oh yeah I mean I'm
throwing rocks from you do remember part
of the job description for applying not
be afraid to jump clips and when I have
broken ribs you really did a good job
taking my am part of it yeah heck did
you ate so this way when there it was
nice to watch yes be the safe one on the
boat
I've never been you know climbing but
this is the only kind of means every
night but it feels fun to climb up on
jump down
oh the red carpet I thought it was a
slow leukemia even he wasn't out of the
heart and bitch that's weird that was a
very pleasant way of getting back to our
lounge
I was wondering with 20,000 signatures
to be taken and no it is not you guys
are not in Monaco like it feels like in
a prince has somewhere to watch the race
would be here three thing L agree that
it's the best but usually when you are
part of Red Bull you stay next to the
pool yeah but is it above the smooth
gradual so here's an interesting thing
with Breville one I blew my knee I had
ten partners Red Bull was the first one
to call me after I blew it and then they
told me every single day for the first
10 days after surgery yeah and that will
make them special that they care about
their athletes when they're winning but
also when they're going through a rough
time and then the fact that we're
allowed to be up here shows that they're
different than most companies yeah so
other companies out there pay attention
your athlete is injured then he needs
attention for victims of to Red Bull
yeah in many different ways
yes
that's why I'm finished over
yes you guys a yo-yo from we're just a
third are we at 11 minutes max first up
and up a really open is going over take
those two Ferrari cars in the start and
then I'm looking for Dean Hamilton he
starts way back I think he can create a
map Gino which position you lose one
nominee and I always want to do Ferrari
messed up the first bar thank you
yeah see f1 girl right now
yeah whatever expectation expectation is
that we're going to experience Monaco
Grand Prix and then hopefully remember
went nuts
18 or 19 minutes late max you went from
go-kart one year f3
pick us up three straight up on no two
years he went from go-kart racing step
one
traitors wife young and youngest and
writing in one stroke all the Tennessee
how did you ride on the road there you
cannot jump on the road the fastest
driver crazy but I mean imagine the
pressure being that young and then
having damage like County crash today's
100 million euro crash course formation
that warm up and then start in Monaco is
like the most important things it's of
are tracked overtake so if you want to
pay attention to anything today it's the
start
area
to run my County
thank you oh thank you so much we're
going to eat some food
listen to the cars
it's time to go see if we can get really
close to the car maybe maybe not all
right so we're going to pretend like
we're just going to we need to go to the
other side and we're going to go real
slow and try not to get Yelp
that is right
yeah oh yeah
regards like selling cars
right over here
good luck again yeah we kept again like
my lunchbox or apollyon here's our
contract on one
room law
Oh
no purse not been winning kind of an mi
boring great great life but in Monaco
it's like
since that matters not the actual ring
the hundred billion girl's job
hahaha
competition of the siren
like I was doing the thing you're ever
was an incredible spot yet the only
problem is now that can't meet it we
don't have this fun mixture it's going
to be not good you're up to standards to
an achievable but let's back up and that
way so if we ended up like we're taking
a car back home because we've both
situation was just great we're trying to
figure out how to get there but moving
around when the race is over models you
know what we should really get I love
these boats a plain seamless hazard her
dad started Wally yachts undergoes that
so every time we say we like fun ducks
she hates us they're so beautiful like
you're racing on thank you and then you
go in reverse
you watch I'm gonna try powder haha look
at me
Oh July guys utilize our later I canna
scare them can see me like that the
whole way but now it looks like just
come on when the freeway opens up right
you can I save you yeah thank you thank
you so much young people to also up get
to watch oh you know what I want to do
know I want to cook like the best pasta
pesto the world's ever seen
we can make pasta pesto and do world
champion car spotting on the balcony oh
yes planted is no okay we have pasta and
yes so Parmesan said that she's a little
bit of chicken it's going to be good I
will be right back with some pasta pesto
and we'll have it on the balcony all
right Oh ready for the pasta pesto of
your life no no no oh the thing I have
the she no look I hope they usage that's
something she embroidered Byzantine mmm
good super super super good the best
thing of all and I'm practically free
you know we comparing the grand prix to
like 10 years ago when I would have a
giant table with lots of champagne and a
set menu for 500 euros each yeah so much
better but now we're going to do some
car-spotting and like show you how crazy
Monica is here in the Grand Prix but
first pasta pesto whose gamma Ferrari
Bravo's G rolls rate artist ad very full
for 588 I guess you can make it to
Philip NT Rolls Royce will change him
drop at or Rolls Royce morals Royce
seems like that is the way to go today
that's the one I rented back in the day
it's awesome that is the most boss
player car of today Huracan car filled
with girls racing tow truck to someone's
of Pride Park where they shouldn't brag
on karate penny can you call out the
name mellow pave I'm pretty bad I hate
there I should say there really helps
get people today Wow no horses not cut
it in Monaco for car collection sporting
we did realize that course spotting at
Sunday night Monaco is like the worst
thing you can do because everyone has a
drink and watching the four not so it's
not like a single car out here
that's why but at least you have to feel
like a collection of like a bad hour in
Monaco which is still like pretty decent
and I think it's a sound from the club
just behind here and we're going there
no no no no no we are not going there
holy yes absolutely not we are going to
end today's vlog go to a party and no
it's the couch and like enjoy something
but yeah I'd say that we can any son
okay okay no more car sputtering now
because we gotta focus up finish this
vlog and I was just going to say that we
should improve the weekend it was I
think it was an awesome weekend it's
different from the Formula One's I used
to do ten years you know when partying
going crazy like waking up Monday
morning destroyed now we're working up
early we got stuff done still
experienced everything and I
this one who no one till the weekend it
was amazing like for my first trillion
the only thing we didn't know it'll jump
off the boat on the way back but that
was pretty good for ribs and we were not
on the boat in the way back we couldn't
jump on the car so we'll uh we'll see
you guys on Thursday we are off to my
Bayer Mathematica oh yeah that we do so
then we really gotta end the vlog so
what to say or my yep wannabes and I do
not know academic a pediment upgrade
Masha
