Oh
blowing good morning in the Sun I guess
today's a really good morning because
the days being Saturday on the f1 grand
prix air Monaco and as you can hear
there's weird noise in town we just want
to go get the groceries in the morning
who came up here and like loot this
juice
mega y'all we're really working on tryna
you know experience and enjoy life this
is like pretty freakin crazy that we can
call this whole I wish we coming here
every single morning yeah this should be
our morning routine I love it up here
today we are going to check out the
Monaco Grand Prix in Red Bull style
hello everybody
what school do you want us to go down to
get breakfast at i/o I already have yes
you're good yeah
in the Monaco Grand three week
everything is closed good
let's just get ready and figure out how
to get to the red ball Mike hold on I
got a package last night what this is
whoa this in Monaco during the Guthrie
it's worth its weight in gold Saturday
Sunday pulled one agenda he this is the
only time I like wearing any kind of
badge around my neck and pull' madam
I'll flip a turdball see I'm gonna tell
you these are not easy to get like I've
been with Red Bull for 20 years such
high demand for them that they're really
like play your cards right and be really
nice we're going to head over but you
have to take a boat over which is nice
but it's hard to get the boat but that
is the next hours planning and we'll be
right back
I go first here I heard that I thought
it was cars on the front boat I'm like
where's the sound coming from I didn't
let you see looking around I got it's
where they are it's different when you
have cars like that just running around
the city it seems that we are finally on
the boat good boat business here in
Monaco these days like 60 hours per
person for a two-minute vote
Wow but it's the only way to get over
there because you can't like you can't
walk over there so no you can swim but
that's probably get you killed on the
way with all the boat traffic am I told
it's still like dude that act so nice
without a date it is those are nice but
it's more exciting that the years when
it's like for me and like super wavy and
you have a small town but you get legal
done silks on the way but there's not a
lot of boats this year maybe tomorrow
hold our nose normally it's like soft
three or four times
we ever seen as many boats you know in
another minute insane just never seen as
many people flats in one place
not even at the camp in person or
another this is like 10 times worse
alpha over here oh I do energy station I
would've wanted to be a lap down bored
oh thank you thank you never thought
maybe living this palette really liked
them whoo cheers yeah cheers yummy
there's Brad ball and two pennies first
Grand Prix yeah
this is like paradise
today's menu organic beef gazpacho
voila white polenta gnocchi lobster and
see
go there you don't think this is good
enough
now we have two three yeah any louder if
your Bravo so we got the track right
over there with the screen right there
and we have two you one going on you
don't have any left are they forming up
sir q1 is 15 minutes okay and then you
have q2 and q3 okay and that determines
the sort order for tomorrow
and right now we have pretzel and
regulan and both us and Hamilton but
we're going to try to not like report on
the race because if you want to watch
the race you can watch the race so there
will be a bit of that for Morgan a vlog
about our experience up here and I feel
like we were sent to the wrong place too
we're not be acting at all and obviously
is one of three we sweet so thank you
rat bulgy children but just this whole
town during the grass for you like and
I've been sitting around cause I've got
a very expensive
thank you all right we're gonna check
the rate we'll be back in a second
Miami puggy yeah we have Johnny Johnny's
blogging - you can find the Anees blog
up up there have one from a girl's
perspective the sound is really cool
otherwise I don't care too much Prescott
look back how you feeling when I look at
Benny 8g nuts so he was like dying for
half an hour but now we're doing okay so
qualifications is over we have rakin in
federal photos messed up and Ricardo and
the only one missing from this office
was Hamilton so kind of a different
qualification was it exciting
yeah a year after Shawn's interest like
you were up there something like 5 -
yeah we're always open for max but they
did okay number five now well yeah
tomorrow's the big day so we're just
going to enjoy here the hospitality is
you know as good as it gets
heaven German just observers we're nice
yeah German was taking over
alright so we just finished off a little
Red Bull athlete Facebook life thing and
this place is pretty much dead I think
it's time to head back over to you know
our side of the country and then we're
going to check back tomorrow when the
real action starts Benny how you feeling
up for the peanut poisoning a bit better
now
poor guy Mississippi yeah let's go jump
in the water or something it's time to
move locations even though this was
really nice like look up here we're like
on the top of the world and the rest of
the Red Bull energy lounge and the
ladies I know that was the thing that
it's time to move on this place is dead
all right well let's go throw offense
head over it's always like Saturday it's
just qualifying it's fun to watch but of
course tomorrow's the big day
yeah but it's been like the fat it was
like we had our own private you make a
VIP cafe buddy going like it's so funny
like we've never been allowed if I feel
like the thing I mean they're like you a
very important person you know honey
we're walking around like where's the
meridian dog and then it was right next
to the honduran station see we could
have taken that pain junkies okay here's
the dilemma you can take the Red Bull
boat but the only place that can come
back in is in the Montecarlo Bay but in
order for a non guests to use the dock
at the multi kind of a you have to pay a
slight little feet or 500 euros but then
you have a nice booth
I'd like the most expensive dock walk
I know coming oh yeah it's right yeah
thank you so much do you guys want to
party well back in the day where I would
hang it right and you're absolutely
freakin nuts and I'm glad I didn't have
a blog done because that would be so
seriously he responsible behavior so
it's good to watch I guess I'm so hungry
I just mean that's like my main
objective - oh really maybe Oh where's
Jenny
so Yanni went inside to the party I was
way too hungry it is a little order to
enjoy especially when you're so hungry
you're about to like start eating that
Bush right there so step one is to get
some food and then we'll try to figure
out what to do and then also like yeah
walking in through those doors but have
been easily a grand each for us probably
really that's like if you don't have a
table at sunset I remember back in the
day at sea lounge we try to get in and
they said the cheapest table they have a
15 grand and that was the only way to
get in but now we're going to grab a
burger I'm so hungry
Nicki I fold and then we'll see what we
do yeah oh and we have all pull what up
I'm so glad that you're here you are you
fighting for
why are not party oh yeah I'm going to
go to Sunset Beach later to grab some
drinks to a couple of friends of mine
yeah not burgers that I denied Monica
feeling that Monica feeling you know
yeah party yachts and girls make it
girls a lot of naked girls around
children or like a hamburger and Netflix
is awesomeness ten years ago I would
have been like popping champagne and
it's all set but now I'm proud to say
I'd loved being at home be quiet
oh the burger is exciting no but it's
like you say don't wake up brushing you
can do stuff and you can keep on going
pretty sure the owner of the bragan√ßa
from yesterday since been dispute being
drunk pretty sure he worked pretty hard
today's motivational lessons nothing
comes free
we're going to do that because I'm not
going to look pretty when I eat this
it's a really fat burger oh oh I see me
reality yeah we could talk Paul did one
so we wanted to battle him and how many
views we got how was something that's
fun was it yeah like the music cookie
analytic new and it's no chill uh-huh
yeah Paul was here we had a party yeah
yeah dinner it's right there what you
are solid ah thank you we got it all
good policeman yeah I think so
but we're gonna have a long day tomorrow
as well because we have the v8 the big
day of the Grand Prix and then we're
going to bring down to more energy yes
cuz that it was like a really nice chill
day so we'll check back tomorrow under
map a level of challenge
