it is morning - to your voice good
morning
no a good break no a good morning good
morning
ah yes well you innovate
okay are you guys head about having a
sore throat brewery pretty bad here is
my solution point first music then you
need a pop herbal infusion of lemon
honey ginger and cinnamon first water in
the pot cut your ginger
cut the lemon squeeze the lemon now that
it's boiling put the ginger turn down
this five minutes later put your teeth
at the cinnamon if you have real
cinnamon in Twitter that will do and the
final touch the honey that will do as
well and then you end up with Bridget
bad looking dream take your favorite cup
look at this take a ginger slice voila
voila Monsieur hello are you feeling
better I feel great I take this you re
what is this herbal infusion a lemon
honey cinnamon ginger do you know one
okay sure I put this inside you can just
sew the side Thank You Benny
numerius the best like there's so many
types of any that you don't see that's
like awesome at the fact that it does
this like makes me appear in the US just
hope you feel better let's see are you
feeling better
I mean I still can't talk but I'm
feeling good yeah I think it's better
than this morning yeah and now I'm like
a singing bird oh hello my friend herro
from Germany hello nice to meet you
welcome to the luggage the vlog but no
one the lady wants to ladies wants to go
on to meet some more stretch or anumana
me no but it's like when you're sick you
just can't refuse to be taken go out
exactly and then how you here how I
slept a lot and I like rested so now
it's like I'm not your camera back just
like everything is back to accept my
voice yeah but I'll be like real badass
and just laws this up you know the
confessional fogger no are we going to
eat
yeah they have some great restaurants
right on the beach
oh I like this
was it good yeah yeah we're gonna go
ahead and um we get a lot of questions
like where should we go it's on the
monocle that kind of scooped up heaps up
at Miami posh very very very good draw
for like grew out the pizza
whoa so now it's time to go dress
hello hey let me feed you I like your
blood guys thank you in without a
question on itself today yeah what's
your name
Christian Christian ah yes you don't do
a lot of collaborations with other
youtubers get a special reason why or
it's like I think a lot of people on
YouTube they just call up youtubers to
go meet with them to get more followers
yeah I would rather call up someone that
does something fun even if they don't
have a channel okay so it's like if you
not love to do collaborations so yeah I
want it to be because I want to hang out
with the person okay to build the
channel yeah
so we're not we're not really smart like
that if you want to build the channel
but we just want to make sure it I'd
rather do good content for less people I
mean I think there's already enough of
you questions so yeah so I think it's
better to do it good but we are maybe we
should do it them cool not very big
question but everything you wake up and
you're still pacing like yeah we're
trying to figure out when we moved
underneath and what to do is oh yeah
we're not really good like zookeeper
yeah like video could be okay that's it
you
you know is a white girl Thanks
mm see it's really clear in the water
and it's no one here yes male 1 really
nice better the overcrowded beach where
some cases going to kick a football in
your face we lost lost Carol because we
Tom Paul Ripken and he stole her to go
like around that one track and mopeds -
they said they come with a boat every
German yeah German schnell say we need
no more shyster for an out we're going
to just enjoy this beautiful place if
you snap a couple photos
this place is like heaven don't tell
them where it is but in the night it's
really far from Monaco and you really
shouldn't go here no that's one hour to
drive when I walk this is our secret
Monica beach no but it's so nice like
Monaco especially during the Grand Prix
so hectic and people everywhere if you
come here and you have this whole place
to yourself
not a single person I realized that I am
like the stupidest person I know life
it's like I'm super sick terrible and
then of my underwater housing let's dive
down deep sigh how dumb can a person be
no I'm refusing to be sick exactly I'm
looking to sickness right in the eye and
telling him you go die we're just going
to go home and have a hot bath it's now
I'm cold with the shade just like okay
so again we're going to walk again the
hood bath oh yeah we need to start doing
this more often like every day like
everything I do that I like I want to do
every day all day but as expected Paul
and Tara didn't make I was telling them
when they're like yeah yeah we'll take
them open and then we'll come with a
boat and I'm like surprise stuck in
traffic 200 meters away from where they
left us he's on the moped but we we did
the winning we shot some great photos so
you guys can check out the link below to
my to my blog which one oh to my blog
okay my blog
like hello let's run down that now run
hello yeah Taylor are you will enjoy
you mean I am take this time
ah stop
Wow
I'm Emily
I measured average answer
all right do you need
fuck that
here's a tip like if you want to be able
to sleep don't go in that car like after
lunch
and here it is one more time
that means fuck like I have never
experienced anything like that
I know I need to make a lot of four
million euros somehow real quick I'm
trying to explain how it is but it's
like have you ever seen me like excited
about the acceleration of a car it was
fucking incredible
yeah it was like it's like a warp zone
it's like you're in Star Wars he needs
you the stars go like this you're in a
hurry it's a good car it's the state
ship like oh my life goal I've been
doing for accelerations in a Bugatti
I've never done that before in the look
up it goes to 422 seconds a paint job is
300,000 euros the car is for milling
yeah ah no she's doing no you can
understand yeah and exactly like I mean
Huracan 200,000 this four million let's
just say something about how crazy it
yeah and then it's that was perfect sure
on that was delivered in the world I
can't explain I hope it came through a
bit how crazy that was and it's rare
that I get to experience something that
I'm like really excited about yeah it's
just about done yeah better make you
excited yeah to me I'm going to say it
is the coolest car I've ever seen and
VIN it so since today it's not going to
get any better I say we just see say
ordinary of them up aurevoir
and let's hope tomorrow will be as good
as today yeah I hope so and it's going
to be good to be insane so we'll check
back Monaco Grand Prix Sunday so let's
all hope that Mex for Stefan's winning
come on max oh sure
