good morning this morning actually I
don't have that much energy
oh really but come on in yeah come on in
yeah yeah good morning we are we're
tired yeah your eyes are like yeah I'm
not a hundred percent healthy but I'm
like I'm gonna try to ignore that and
bring the energy yeah but you know what
know what I got to watch the ball
yesterday like you guys like I was like
oh like there's a new vlog like Gotham
had no idea what was going to be in the
blog yeah so it was like I was that
excited to watch it because I didn't
know me exactly yeah so now I felt like
a vlog viewer and it was many years and
I can rewatch they were like he's good
like you're really good at from the
camera yeah let's try you to pretend to
be good you really was good right yeah
yeah yeah I said but ya know we had a
good trip to the UK but we're little
tight cuz it was so like quick and
last-minute like I can imagine it was
good it was uh we'll let you know what
that was about later but it was like
surprise almost like life-changing
meeting so yeah good stuff mm-hmm
but we should get out of it yeah we
should it's so warm outside the only
thing we need to do first what let's
grab a coffee bringing the energy and
we'll be right back yeah so you know how
I get like really really obsessed with
things and if you follow me on instagram
you saw that I posted a photo on a watch
and that was kind of thinking about that
I want to watch again and that's Gunny I
spent like hours and hours and hours on
coronal 24 I think it's called looking
at watches so I figured the first thing
I want to do today this is called try on
some watches and check that out but once
I get obsessed it's like nothing else
matters in the world the only problem is
I don't know how excited these watch
stores are going to be about a vlogging
camera but we'll see
when you have all the barriers and
medicos McClaren's behind trying to hit
you Monaco Grand Prix this weekend so f1
barriers everywhere the first door will
put the camera down and then we can ask
if we can film later yes we are out
already
we're out already because we walked in
and the guy wouldn't get off the phone
apparently we didn't like look like your
traditional for DeMars fires so we were
not priority that's not smart that was
not smart that hasn't been a good day
for you but no good day now
there's your Daytona yani and here we
have some googles I don't know though a
skull I like skulls now let's go to
Richard Mille instead that would be not
an expensive Johnny doesn't like
Christian mill I love Richard Miller but
like we're just looking here but what I
want to find is the second-hand stores
because you have so many more unique
models that are limited like that's
really what we better then but the
problem is we're running out of time
120 okay Richard mill like real quick
and then we'll even go yeah we'll see
see if they get off the phone if we come
in yep
even though the Grand Prix is really
good for Monaco and it's a fun event it
looks terrible
no not like when you live here it's not
nice nice offensive fences all around
yeah it's not supposed to friendly
Monaco Thank You Maggie I'm getting on
that to say like wonderful cafeteria
it's not beautiful anymore feels like a
prison
this is there for the families can I
take a nap look at the behind the theme
checks and see how that's how we get the
money when I shoot with a camera like I
know what's going on but when you share
with a phone I feel so lost and like I'm
no idea if I'm sucking or not you guys
seen this by the way I bought like seven
sunglasses at the gas station in Italy
yet but the lenses were so bad so now we
have the lenses replaced with good
Lancers so I have my 19 euro sunglasses
but now a lens in them yeah I love these
glasses now we're talking oh hello Lisa
yes well this is a bomb I love this
thing
monochrome yawn Blake like a hundred and
thirty grand what alright we can control
yeah we people
yes so as you see it solved we were not
allowed to film but we could take a
couple photos do you like I loved it but
I hate the fact that what like why can't
I like have some like normal interest
yeah but the price is just no ginger
true but here I mean I think it is crazy
but here's when I was younger I was
thinking about like how much does things
cost I was like oh I can afford that now
I looked at what is the damage like when
you sell it like how much do you lose in
a year so like clean yes so basically
like yeah you buy the right watch models
from some brands you can basically have
them for a year and then sell them at
basically the same price if you get a
whole design model uh-huh otherwise I
would never consider it it's not losing
money so it's a good reason to like by
stiffening yeah I love investing maybe I
will invite you invest in my Gucci bag I
don't say that it's exactly the same
yeah but they're not that expensive but
now effect or what all right we should
go to a meeting and make some money
instead of God and then we'll check some
secondhand stores yeah I'm an Lydia
you're going to leave us who should we
take away I will walk over there Monica
Wow look at the cruise ship and all the
ships over you yeah because I mean the
odds are big the one organized like how
big that is
/ - entire you can see even better than
here it's nice to walk around Monaco I
like it especially when it's sitting
like this yeah
Pirlo time in monaco polygon i have a
good day town why look at the poster oh
wow
I want to see them on one of the deck
like this Jacobi on this guy
Chapra on this one and another tech to
be over there it's more like oh this is
why when you live here you get a little
crazy distorted but now I fear let's go
do that meeting so we have that over wet
so we can then just walk around Monaco
and just enjoy this beautiful day and
we're done
gotta love those meetings when you like
Bank stuff you know this up you really
don't want to do and no it's done now
it's done that's one of those meetings I
pushed for a long time like like it will
do the next week but now it's done now
so now I say we walk back up to the
casino and see if we can find some
secondhand watch doors with like you
know better priced items that are you
know unique and unique yep always unique
that's the key in life look only in
Monaco do you have a window was a big
private jet like he like should be
customized a private jet play never seen
this before you will allow see you in a
bedroom I would be interested about the
princes no probably not but this was
this would be expensive like we should
have like the blonde Force One like the
Air Force one like the blog central she
had a plane you have the sleeping
cabinet yet an editing station a big
team American written on it never stop
dreaming although that might be dreaming
a little to walk away but you never know
yet no but it's nice to walk around
Monaco in life just a normal day yeah
we've been walking around talking all
day like you good normally were just
like doing stuff so we never have time
to chat exactly
I like
say me to put that
okay we had nice boat but this steel bar
that guy over there
I'm guessing that would probably be all
myself 1526 listen eyes on that nice and
I look bigger
I'm sure that there'd be a million
million people that will know so come
and let us know dilbar and kona how big
they are and what world drink we have on
them but that it's like impressive now
we should turn must see when you walk
past a casino yeah they always give you
pause filming all right yeah I've never
kicked we should hide it okay yeah first
yeah look at this boss man big old rolls
Lord like the plate inside Lord
wellyou've Lord I'm mr. Lord no children
last night no justice at all
I like this one you know how much is it
I'm guessing a hundred grand and they're
way too classy for me lady I'm like I'm
not that's not your type all right he's
not so much grease he watches this
walking around but you want to look at
watches but say that Monaco is the right
place well is it so cool that I need for
my motorcycles yeah yeah I reckon our
reading glasses by the way ah yeah so
sick of being blind my my eggs are
always read it because I can't see in a
mug I should like get Botox in my whole
face I can't do it
huh that's got it yet they have one that
I like but ah there's the middle one
gray gray and rose gold yeah that's the
first one I was looking for yeah you
like it uh-huh he's never on James it is
Justin yeah if we can fill probably not
smoothly so we couldn't film but know
that but it's good like we spent we just
spent an hour in here talking and
learning a lot about the different
models and I lost with LeBron James but
it is one heavy watch okay here's photo
LeBron James I like it because it's not
like black and gold which most night but
whoa what do I know
I mean be the body you know who should
fix each other
we're going in yeah and we are out an
hour later it's the Photo Store syndrome
you do something we end up doing it all
day
now it's an hour later they had the
Alinghi picture but then I also tried on
the creme Prix and I kind of really want
the Grand Prix but they don't have it so
now we're going to leave watches for now
to try to get smart yeah we'll walk that
way okay it's nice and real long did you
find which on the new 720s I've never
seen this in real life before it must
look like where we won that we've been
looking at watches all day so it must
look like we're it won the lottery
yesterday
unlike this yeah I mean that believe is
like a board hi Deanie
yeah I was like how do you open the door
oho
we ran out of battery oh we've been
walking around too long so no battery
we're going to try not to buy this today
so I say we spin
straight home and like oh hello hello
dah dah dah dah dah
I don't know why she's trying to hide
the ground
Wow
so that is not a watch we didn't buy
anything although we did spend a couple
hours in the storage game check this
thing out
is it a drone yeah the brand-new DJ
spark it's been announced in two hours
plug it in plain sight like no no no
thing inside last time I try to fly
inside with Samba Mavic and it sucked
the curtain in a hotel room sucked it
out it's like yeah yummy Scala dressed
behind the curtain she's given my dress
my dress my dress that I was going to
wear at the same night so I'm freaking
out and they won't shut off because it's
keep hitting the curtain and I fully
like smashed it I like grabbed there
like you know try to tackle from down
from above
yeah like reaming from the propellers it
was just panic that's why I say go
inside
hello-o like this is sick we are gonna
shoot a video tomorrow morning that's
going to be out before this video yeah
so you can either click in the
description below or click the link up
here when you're done watching this
video I have a masseuse coming so I say
we can look at a couple boats and then
we'll be right back after my massage
it's um
home Swamy yeah once a lot I just had a
fantastic massage and then I realized I
was so tired I'm like I should end the
vlog and then I'm like Betty where's
Benny Benny where are you I don't know
he's mmm somewhere you looked relaxed
yeah it feels so tired you know when you
have a cold Danny laying facedown
yeah I'm really congested but I want to
recommend it's about the lady that came
here and I did the massage fantastic if
you need a massage the Riviera
so you can find her info in the
description below so she can't hear home
and gets in fast
exactly but now I say we end today it
was telepon day just walk around and
look at a bunch of nice thing then I'm
going to sleep on it and see what we
decide and see what we come up with okay
but yeah I was about to make a long
ending again but that's it that's it for
today no more we'll see you on Saturday
so over and out for Monaco and ciao ciao
ciao
are you still looking for watches yes
you know me where I get like crazy he's
crawling but any watches no I like now
we've never like I okay I think I know
which one I want
ah so on is it available somewhere um it
is the autumn are speciate Royal Oak
Offshore chronograph rose gold Grand
Prix so maybe if there's any watch
people out there that have connections
and know how to get things like by
tomorrow it may up for the DM or any
things I don't know how to get this well
put them from the description below
perfect that's the one if you like it
take it exactly and don't swell and okay
no now that would get out ciao you will
end cow
