good morning good morning today we're
doing a little bit of a bonus video
because yesterday we received this the
DGI spark Wow the smallest cheapest and
maybe the smartest drone from DJI ever
and today we're going to do a full
review on this and see if this thing can
actually fly I mean look at the size of
it yeah like if this can actually fly
and take a photo or film that's anything
better than a Nokia 3210 then I'm
impressed
so yeah we're going to go through all of
it and test all the features and show
you everything and see what it's all
about so we got the spark here is one
berry which is pretty small and super
light and all you need is either nothing
to fly or you can have your phone and
you can have a remote but we don't have
it yet let's plug the battery and show
you around the drone how it looks so
here you have the SD card and you have
also a micro SD port which allows you to
charge it on the go but the main thing
about this one it has a face recognition
light and you can wave hands and do a
lot of different things like take photos
without even using your phone so you can
actually teach somebody how to fly the
drone without even knowing anything
about drone there is a gimbal at the
front so your shot will always be stable
I mean I'm doubtful on technology like
this afterwards I am highly impressed
yeah let's show the first feature like
this as the normal drones hold then
turns on yes and then you said a quick
double tap on the back
quick double 7:51 - because now is your
face
all right spark Reina start with a
little rotation just to check that Jedi
coming up port and a Jedi back whoa whoa
whoa and then we're going to jet are you
down
all right now we're going to wait to see
if we can get it further away yep whoa
whoa brother of course and then now I
have to say take a selfie I think the
selfie do you think it's actually taking
photos I hope so all right now we're
going to try to bring it home because
she's over water now oh and it's coming
Bart you know you're not supposed to be
overground yeah I realize that when
you're rotating absolutely your buddy
you get the green light and then you
rotate with your body and the green
light shows that you recognize your face
and blend me down your hand and after I
land it just play to end under yeah and
no way
like this yeah no way then way better
than this fire that scares me every time
I love ya
one two little six recognize my face yes
he said sparked I like you behind park
turn with me park is turning yeah
that's the easiest drone circle I've
ever seen okay now let's try it with the
phone yeah we can get some great footage
oh the lending is impressive yeah of
course you have to hold your hand out
over the water so it's as easy as this
you just go to the Wi-Fi here is your
stock then you go to the PGI go for app
go for absolutes the same app as them as
for any other drone so if I start flying
can you see us I'm really curious on how
to fly up with a smartphone oh all right
push record before we go now I'm like
Sun recording with the microphone yeah
okay okay now it's recording it looks
like like not bad on the quality now
it's really good and look look I'm
shaking how stable it is yeah because I
don't think any other small drones like
this have had a gimbal not never never
before okay now let's fly takeoff oh wow
so you have the joystick and you did
enjoy six come up like this
yeah they come up directly inside the
screen I don't know if you can see but
it's like a here and here
good to go joysticks on it so you're
going to fly away then you go like this
you want to fly up no yeah I think we
should also mention that we have gotten
this sent to us for free but we are not
paid to say anything good about it we're
just saying what we think about it just
so you guys know we're not paying we're
not not a paid promotion no and this is
our first time flying it so you get our
first time experience I've seen these
features so you have also the gimbal you
can change the angle of the gimbal just
by changing the angle of your phone out
of lie whatever yeah that's right
do you like it I'm kind of blown away to
be honest and you also have all the good
features of the Maverick you can track
your your position you can rotate around
it's a smart drone and it is recording
full HD view so it's not 4k like the
Mavic but still the full HD seems to be
pretty pretty good pretty look the thing
is one impressive little spark guy like
the Jedi Master but we can't really say
how impressive it is before we actually
check out the footage so check out what
was shot and we'll see you back in the
couch where we can look at
if you guys are opinion on footage
all right well now that we've seen the
footage I got to say that I am like mega
impressed by this thing like it's
expected it to be level like wobbly and
like all this yeah but it's like even
just the first time flying it on I think
having a bigger iPhone or an iPad would
be much better because then you have a
bit more room for the toys looking at
the screen and controlling it yeah but
even like the first time like that you
can actually get a smooth rotation and
how smooth everything was like I would
expect this to be a more total camera
but it is like a normal camera yeah like
to put it into perspective we usually
carry around this fire too to shoot
daily vlog stuff but like I think this
looks like good enough where if we go
somewhere and we don't want to bring
anything else this would actually work
great yeah and I think another benefit
for this is that if you have this people
probably react in a different way if you
have a big drone like you're standing
there with a big control they're like
wait are you surveilling like yeah you
know people are kind of negative to that
sometimes but this I think oh look a
little toy drawing start but yeah like
very impressed and we just had a quick
little task then of course there's like
a million different features like the
other follow me of things and like all
the smart features this one also has
like you can get all the footage for
here
straighten your phone and it like crates
and edits right away yes and then oh
yeah and then it also has that photo
mode where you take a photo and it makes
the background blurry kind of like the
iPhone when it like simulates short
depth of field oh yes and that's written
yeah so like I mean there's a million
features on this and if we go through
everything it would take an hour there's
a lot of good info on the web and
there's a lot of tech review people we
like to review just like what we feel
and what we see and how it shoots and we
are going to use it yeah like we are
going to use this product of course we
like to carry on to our big stuff as
well but like for some certain things
when you don't have the space when you
just like want to keep it easy and
simple and less than yeah that's great
so I think that pretty much concludes
our review that we are kind of blown
away by a few of the technology of the
future well done GG i yeah i keep on
impressing us yeah it's tiny little
barky guy
yeah and you can feel like a Jedi if you
have that so this comes out June middle
JUnit well if you're a vlogger like for
Yanni this would be like the perfect
thing that would just get a couple
aerials so if you're a blogger but you
don't feel like you want to drag around
and inspire or a phantom or Mavic then
this is like epic yeah and it's so like
let me if there's anything I would have
done differently no not really I mean we
like fast drones and all this but then
you have a bigger drill so I think being
the size that it is I think it's it's a
perfect compromise on a lens and it's
nice to see that the video actually
looks good for being the first time that
we use it we haven't played with
settings or like any of nothing we give
us an IV books and we're going to be
masters of this yep hope you guys liked
it it's super fun to try new stuff we
love that yeah and I'm glad that we have
been around cos I'm usually not the
technical but that was this was easy
this is so much easy that I use this one
I've ever tried but what that will
conclude our review absolutely we will
come back later today with the book as
well
mm-hmm so check back in a little and
hope you guys liked it yes see you soon
chit ow
