Cibola merci beaucoup
okay take it so lunch Johnny hold on I
have an idea so that all happened real
quick see her back at the airport
because we had to go to a meeting in
London overnight like super last-minute
and super quick but I know you guys have
seen a lot of airports will travel
lately so I I think we just spin over to
Benny and let him take over this for a
little bit while we fly over to the UK
so go go ahead at Benny good morning
guys you're not lucky to go to England I
am here in my hometown tan and this is
the red carpet no I'm kidding this is
the red carpet from the train station
this is the actual red carpet but it's
not so funny because you cannot walk on
it you have to get an invitation
but it's where the whole magic happen
with the movie stars people walking
taking photos I'm walking on the red
carpet
and in can we also have some nice
bitches oh wow look at this isn't it
beautiful
so here we are in tan and now it is the
Cannes Film Festival and usually it's
pretty quiet but now it's like busy all
around so I would say let's start the
day by taking a juice and why not going
to this
it's funny because I've been working
with June for like the last three months
and I have the feeling that you didn't
even have time to introduce myself
because we have been working and
traveling so much so quick intro about
my life my name is Benjamin Robert
Francois Ortega and I'm 25 years old and
I was born and raised here in beautiful
can in France so when I was a kid I
wanted to be a professional skateboarder
but then I had so many injuries that I
said maybe I should stop and do
something else so maybe why not filming
so then I went traveling for a year and
three months and I was filming all my
adventure with only one GoPro and when I
came back here in Cannes I realized now
I want to do this for a living then I
started my own production company and I
worked for a year with it but I was
doing commercial stuff so it was not
that interesting and then I did this
good morning guys
and when you'll also call me I was like
yeah let's travel and have fun and enjoy
and have some good time in life but now
it's way too warm to talk more so who
and here we are
thank you probably where we decided to
do some cuddling because it was way too
nice but now at the weather turns out to
be like English weather so we are going
to take the paddle with my friend excel
and I'm trying to go all the way to the
island
oh wait
and we are by the way this is sad visit
the island this is the yacht do you want
to write until there into the shore -
pulling up and we made it to the island
okay guys so we have a side of the
island and I think half an hour should a
little bit dome amazing first capital
and now we have to go back can because
my friend is working in half an hour and
the office is just next to the beach but
we only have half an hour reading it
took us 45 minutes to come here I think
mm yeah 45 minutes yeah now we have the
wind helping us to go back there so we
hope to make it on time let's try to do
it in 15 20 minutes max 15 put it okay
so we have to arrive at 5:15 5:15 let's
see if we can make it
yeah
and we made it 15 minutes later yeah 45
minutes there 15 here that's crazy
he is late work I am she has to go
ciao Bello ciao ciao enjoy I am
pretending it's warm in Canada it's
actually pretty silly the backpack is
like a sponsor I'm trying to remove the
water that's why I'm stepping on it and
if you're wondering why I wear a helmet
because I'm feeling cold and this is
keeping it warm it was pretty nice ok
the weather was not here for us but I
mean like even if it's not sunny as long
as you have time to like enjoy some
outdoor activity you should do it I'm
going to stay inside so it's better to
go out but like I'm wondering how
England isn't right now is it nice is it
nice you and Yanni are you guys having
some fun I think it looks like you are
winning today I am in a board room doing
meetings do it meeting so it was a
hundred percent worth buying here and
it's probably good that we are doing it
this way because I'm not really allowed
to say what I'm doing here but we have
some big things coming up and it's
looking really good but I am jealous are
you being on the French Riviera just
chillin while we are working away so I
think we jump back to you and then we
can check in later tonight I'll see you
soon
No
I'm sorry guys accessories are good
relax
I want to decided angle so that the
camera is sitting down and own it let's
try this from heading back to my place
now and actually making my favorite
world thanks to the Beast you can have
to teach you all and when there is a
surface like this like today
it's the bathro ever
and I'm gonna show you how it's done
from my point of view
but now it's time to enjoy some
relaxation
so this is probably one of my favorite
place here
close to can so right here this is the
beach that I was going my whole
childhood with my parents and my family
and we used to come here almost every
single day during the whole summer so
like coming here is for me the best
place to enjoy a nice quality time and
look at this view
nothing is better than just finishing
the day by sitting down and staring at
this view
I just realized that had my sunglasses
on and it was pretty dark and now back
to normal
what's up in the UK do you have a nice
view like this now that does not look
bad Benny I gotta say that yeah I mean
it's nice here too we get some Sun
outside but what isn't is nice is that I
am starting to feel feverish or I mean I
am kind of feeling feverish
Jonnie just went up for dinner with the
rest of the crew that we're here with
and I'm going to jump straight to bed
and get some sleep so hopefully I can
wake up feeling better because I hate
not feeling good and you know me when I
say that I'm sick and not like life is
awesome it means that I'm probably in a
pretty high fever but before we're go
we're going to I want to show you this
little apartment that we are in here or
suite I guess I should say like hello
join green couch over here we got a
little bit of a bedroom going on
beautiful view and bathroom and then I'm
going to walk out into the light again
but that was about the last productive
thing I've done I'm going to do today
because now I'm going to sleep and try
to wake up rested so I will see all of
you once we are back in Monaco and I'm
going to bounce it straight over to you
penny so you can finish things off with
energy and like yeah just do your things
it's always good when you do or think to
do your thing and we will check back now
I'm dragging out and ending again but
whatever baby or do you okay now it's
getting dark and cold and I need to get
back to my place to edit this so I guess
we will see you guys tomorrow and I hope
you like the whole thing about like
mixing between UK and Canon so have a
nice day enjoy life and see you next
time ciao ciao
