Oh yummy
you only make in the place safe for
yours oh good morning how are you you be
great
nice well let's go in here yes
absolutely yes
I know hospitable uh-huh how are you or
great work oh we're a little tired yeah
yeah Jonnie was napping over there and I
was like my kinda want a nap - it's not
on the beach the beach yeah but I have a
plan our bodies flying not great so my
plants that we're going to go on the
jetty the pier
oh yeah and do some physical activity
before I do anything else that's good oh
yeah oh yeah I'm back I have to mention
so yeah let's do that then we can do
everything else later okay that sounds
perfect
you remember when I was in LA and I was
trying to do yoga and I look more like a
scarecrow than anything else then I said
I needed some YouTube videos and help I
actually got an email from Skillshare
and I went around looked at the site and
after having looked at it I'm like I
think this is one thing that we can do a
collaboration on which is not something
we do a lot because I started Bri you
know they have everything from
photography filming meditation yoga and
all this so I was actually looking at
how to learn After Effects like the
graphics but then I decided that I have
Benny when it comes to that yeah but I
still don't know how to yoga in a proper
way so we're going to work with this and
if you guys want to sign up the first
500 people that signs up get a free two
month subscription so if you want to do
it check out the link in the description
below and this is probably for you
notification squad so when you're early
you know the five under spots going to
go yeah quick but yeah we are going to
use this in order to teach me how to do
some yoga let's show that enemy yeah you
know we're such a good thing especially
now when my ribs are not feeling great I
can't really like kill crush and destroy
workouts so I figured yogurt be a good
thing perfect option so I chose this one
class
ready
hahaha feeling great tonight yeah dying
of me yeah it got a little warm but
every time I try yoga oh my god it's so
good protected yeah and I think now with
my ribs like kind of thinking might have
to do one tonight again well done guys
no but that was great like it's good
when they have more proper instruction
it's better like you go to youtube you
type of yoga class and it's like 95
percent stuff alike and then you do this
post and it's like different names that
I have no idea what it is but okay let's
hereby promise each other that we should
do more yoga it's hard every morning
when you I'm game like we have this down
here yeah yeah before the Sun is rising
at 6 before ok triple promise handshape
every day but at least twice a week
you went from every day to twice we
thrilled not to design my morning how
about three times a week yeah okay
that's why we're doing them a baby let's
start with yoga not my thing oh that was
great
who do we have everything yeah we have
everything okay I suggest bitter work
upstairs and then back to Shawn yes and
swimming yes all right that is one
monster mega overkill dome we go for a
replacement yes this on the land and in
the water that is nice huh where's the
rest of this day we got our power okay
that uh water housing for this guy is
this and this we got to mount that thing
up and like throw it in the ocean
oh yeah I've never had a water housing
before and that this is make the proffer
one weight and then there's like handles
one handle against handles like this I
think that it's let's mount it yeah that
is 1,000% overkill for kill modes is
back yeah god this is like you know
those compositions 386 logs too late we
should have had this from the start
yeah this is the neck hole stick uh-huh
gonna shoot now you can get your
over-under Schultz yah yah yah this
needs to be like crazy all right let's
see if we can well that is if we can
actually make it work because you know
us or this meat I can never get anything
worked you can have any lens or
Oh
okay me and yannis we're going to go and
try this thing yeah
come join us like 50 minutes what're you
done yeah and I juniors right graduate I
want our coldest in the water
I know it's nice I've been swimming here
it's good yeah okay little new friend a
new best friend
ma like a little bit see a little there
is one thing elevator of course I carry
heavy machinery Saturday on the beach in
Monaco
you should have appreciated that private
island I had this vision that we come
down on the beach it's empty and nice
and monaco I'm a satyr yeah like me we
were same like usual in the summer it's
like this to me should be less I got a
nice plan all right first we heat up a
little bit before we go in the water
yes do we give it a try I say we go
throw this thing in the water
and since result first of all see if
there's water coming in if I assembled
it correctly I cannot believe that you
are going straight like this directly
and not like without the camera
what's the corner what do you think
stupid crazy I'm going to fin with this
one
knocking all the water is warm I don't
know if not we run on the beach and we
grab a bag of rice
oh you drop it directly like this is it
yeah looks good to me drop it directly
like this yeah but it's like the thing
gave me total comfort yeah oh my this is
going to be insane Wow where's all the
bubbles oh good
oh nice I do we need to work on the
focus a little bit oh that is dumb
strategy but I am a new favorite toy now
we really have to change the pool color
in marbella because I'm gonna be
underwater with that they go oh yeah how
many other I always order a lot of them
we good oh yeah mix it before I pull
pull fresh numbers are short
Jonnie yeah cap quiver plop can you
understand what this means
cap cut some qualms yeah cap cut for da
yeah MC 4 times 20 yeah baby at one some
friends you say yeah 4 times 20 plus 3
and then 98 would be 4 times 2010 not
touch without these notes yeah like why
make it so freakin complicated it's not
easy for you get like a lot of them I am
saving
I'm going to show you what I mean you've
had enhancer which ones inside joke oh I
could smell it I was like this some
genius yeah the training for later
they haven't burst y'all need to first
def paint the hell picture then you can
play the help if you do this oh this is
healthy thank you at mine
mmm pizza chef capo Madame Monsieur
Kapil Kumar oh it's a boutique it's a
boutique I like speaking French I want
to get better at it
Wow yeah nobody say this you're like
being filthy
yeah good action where where no week
where okay this is let me know what you
should cut the pizza special order that
next time take it what better way to
cure jetlag than a whole bunch of pizza
from Pizza boutique in Monaco they are
great oh yes you're watching this did
somebody give us a sponsorship yes
because we know you're good
thank you I don't trust you anymore
we're not working sanctuary boss that
and planet oh yes Johnny wants to attack
that thing
both laugh yeah they look at this oh
then tala pizza so we are we are
skipping Beach 2017 and go it's very
pretty
no but it's like you know when you're
jet lag and you just like oh I just want
to eat something
novella give me energy for tomorrow
yeah so can you guys finish I'm gonna
have like chocolate like your finish of
the vlog hope you guys enjoyed this and
we did and we'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah Emma over bra a bonus from Monaco
yeah
