good morning what it's happening again
we are all alone at breakfast but it's
not raining today
well nice would be an exaggeration rain
it is better than rain but it's like we
flew across the Atlantic to go to Turks
and Caicos to like get a tan beam the
Sun but we didn't get a 10 and see what
was still the sample like a little bit
first thing but as you can see here
breakfast is served here on the balcony
so I think that somnus like it's
overrated think we'll have plenty Sun
some of the summer but today's our last
date and we are going to have some
breakfast and sort of Packers stuff up
and sad leaving I want to stay this
place is really nice we'll come back
soon again because I rent on Express on
the Swedish news site that it seemed
like it was our villa right yeah
which is not the case we're here with
rebel which is a clothing brand a Yanni
works with so it's all thanks to them
nothing thanks to me
I do nothing I'm like just a plus one
but it's good to be a plus one sometime
Oh already a photo shoot going on oh
happy birthday
that's a good way to start the day maybe
we should go for a swim later - but
first so to see vitamin M all the work
done for today so now we are going to
jump in the water
I figure we can't really come to Turks
and Caicos and not swim so we're going
to go jump on the water and then we're
going to pack up our stuff and get ready
to fly love flying overnight because
then you have a full day before you
leave to see if Yanni's ready
oh not naked no are you ready to swim
yeah sure yeah sure bring a towel yeah
that's probably a good idea good thing
that you think about the things that I
don't think about I thought about it and
then I'm like now that's like filled
with the problem later I can't wait
ready
that's the Murphy house that's my girl
stay inactive
well I geek out on Premiere Pro okay
trying to hide the microphone from the
wind I am sorry for the sound quality
god it looks so so not what I pictured
you're just going to a little camera
here you know something
this is the first time we like exit the
hotel room without shooting photos
like wind protection I do think it's
pretty ironic that we flew all the way
here and it's been sunny and nice and
Monaco the whole time oh yeah we were
just saying taking a swim here was
exactly like a ambition Turks and Caicos
yeah yeah like stormy grey ha ha
rainy you soon yes like you go here but
it's like anything but a vacation
because we've had kind of late dinners
and most people sleep in until ten
twelve and we are up between four and
five so nice I like waking up early
oh it's really nice but it's not a
vacation I feel like really beat up
after Betty I need you back Tapan in it
this it it are we leaving our villa I'm
sorry McCullar yeah I'm starting to feel
like home here it's like me and we're
always up early
so we're alone for the first like four
or five hours in the morning and now
everybody who likes left so we're hello
and ah yeah truly feels like I could see
myself living here that's be okay all
right a little small but alright in the
shower thing fantastic absolutely
fantastic food you got a pump or you're
good you make such a good breakfast hi a
million this to see you yeah
taken care of the whole time given us
that food yeah awesome pleasure yeah
hopefully we'll see you get somewhere I
think so much hi now we only have our
warning little dilemma at the moment we
have a business class ticket but it also
says it's on road 12 and from over
nerding have gone on the aircraft that
we're going to fly row 12 it's not
business
my ribs would like not love me if that
wasn't the case so will not the waiting
to get the airport
hi Yonny say goodbye to the house bye
bye Vila start ah thank you so much for
everything really appreciate it thank
you
alright thank you
thank you bye-bye yeah we'll be back in
a week when it's sunny well there we go
Airport here we go yeah I was just going
to take there for you recom what do you
think does that look like Elvis business
it looks like ro Thomas and the cargo
Department I did not see one single big
plane that could be their car you well
we're departing in two and half hours
I'm actually wondering where our
plaintiffs may be Pierre plaintiff funds
be on the ground in 40 minutes
all right you know ready no no okay get
going all right well that explains that
it's actually my bad company and then
define them so you can hook them up that
way you don't have to roll as many and
then I made a special one here for the
good old drone back then I can hook that
up
not bad right thank you so much for the
ride thank you
what did I tell everyone leaving the
villa today you do not need to be at the
airport two hours before your flight
that is just something everyone tells
you and it's just about plan now we are
here for two hours doesn't have a stall
and it's like the best kind of food you
can find as kringles I should listen to
myself I just felt like the dumbest
human being in this whole Airport right
because I wasn't having this rap and I
was like God it's not like really that
good you look at us I didn't see that it
was wrapped in paper she's like how
could you know I have to wrap and I was
like disgusting
oh my god I saw and then that moment
when you realize you ate the wrapping
paper yet oh my god you go to get so
thick I thought it was a bond in your
rap or something no the question is what
worse a bug or the you eat paper the bug
oh my god I'd die go oh my there it is
oh my god is talking up oh no damn
weather if it ain't the rain and the
wind broken Mike it's the fall oh that
looks like a bigger plane we're going to
seed real intelligent in this vlog but
you can still comment that I'm
intelligent like that so whenever I fly
book tickets
I go to see guru calm and then you can
check out all the different planes they
use on the different flights not
sponsored at all yes seeker you want to
like work with me actually promote it I
go to your site all the time
well anyway so Bruce Airways has four
different triple seven supply and the
ones to use for this route well AMD is
not innocent
so either a seeker is really messing up
or we're in autonomy
if we're in a good scene refreshing work
in Europe hello plane the Boeing triple7
200 all right officially means that
Securi were probably not working with
you - in a table in the front yeah but
it doesn't matter because there was the
good speaks to it
okay so we just realized uh Bremen more
steeper than we thought
you remember how we like to and now we
be in life
because I
yo
hello there whoo what a movement I
slipped a whole seven hours really nice
and now here we go nice and quiet now we
are going to have like five cups of
coffee and then work like two obsessed
people you can swing your when you have
a three hour layover the best thing you
can do is just work and get stuff done
thank you ah boarding but now we are
late you can always tell when Yanni for
little threat if there she goes silent
and she turns on this like six leg mode
for the bags like mom oh no spike in
traffic
young loves logging when she's going to
hurt Oh No
- toots oh now when you're walking I
have to run you have like the fastest
walk I've ever seen but no traffic am
oh no I'm not stressed that guy stressed
Jonny going for the next Olympics and
power-washing look everybody's chilling
what do you think should we skip the
flight and we made it to the French
Riviera and we see blue sky again oh
yeah it's nice to be here right
father bull nasty
home sweet home
we made it good job
Oh me here now so since I feel like
nothing exciting is going to happen and
to say anymore because we're pretty
tired
this is predict hiding that's food it
doesn't look exciting but it may be good
before we end we got to finish off the
Benny Gokul giveaway so as I guess ok so
here are all the photos that are tagged
and Benny and I'm going to randomly just
select one and we'll see for the winner
it's okay no but okay ready yeah that
person so 2010 set go fall a bun
Benjamin Ortega y1z I'll send you a DM
right now but now you know what I'm
going to end today's well real clean
real easy real fast because a lot of
people told me that I am terrible at
ending board and I completely agree
that's why I always wait before you say
bye but now you make it long yeah ha ha
ha
forty other not and we'll see you
tomorrow with some Sun awful yay
