so we are about to go play with a 3.7
ton car worth 700 thousand euros that
feel great about it
and how many are existing though 99 OKC
98 doesn't know don't make dua 98 Rob
Annie hold on
good morning good morning and a kick-ass
awesome Norwegian morning it is we're
saying good morning from story fuel in
Norway and we did we didn't plan on
doing a throwback every single day but
we have too much fun yesterday so let's
do it little throwback and we were right
back once these cars are warmed up and
ready to hit the ice track so we started
the day in Bergen where we realized we
need washer fluid because yesterday many
was throwing water bottle on me on the
once-great sparkling water sparkling
water and something agreed on yeah very
very good water so now we're trying to
we need to top put it god you're such a
handyman Ortega I know more about
driving cars than these kind of things
good feeling washer fluid to spray the
most boring thing you could ever do but
since we're still waiting for people
it's a perfect time to do it but usually
my other strategy when I do that is that
I get really up close to the car behind
or in front of me
so the windscreen gets really wet and
then you can wipe it nice yeah
look inside we haven't even shown this
part of George I think this looks good I
like this side by alright I think it's
time to leave everybody ready probably
not but we'll leave real soon
and head towards the mountains that's
like hell of an angle you want to try it
so excited
we had a lot of fun on the top of a
mountain and then someone gave me that
that's a nice way to puff oh now now I
have to turn around have to turn around
that's annoying takes a long time you
see together man that was so boring I
want a gearbox so I don't have there's
no no it's no manual gear so you don't
really know what's gonna happen that was
fun
oh that was so much fun I just had the
best surprise ever ever since we got the
bed in Marbella I've been really bummed
in every bet I've slept it and I walk in
on my I have no idea but it's here
yeah totally behind this so yeah you
know the airplane or car or airplane or
okay we're gonna use this so we'll we'll
check back in real time
Oh
they got it bedsloe with injuries
beautiful they okay show's over I got a
sleep
can you guys think of a better way to
start a morning no no like the sunrise
this morning was amazing like all pink
purple red that's how we like it but now
we just need everybody to get in the car
so we can go pray of course that
shouldn't be triggers it yes finally
waiting for like hours I mean it's not
like we're waiting to do anything fun so
and here we go the full time car traffic
post car going extreme photography
always are you comfy ah one objective
was easy to do to stay safe on the way
to the track oh yeah and then send the
truck I think you're gonna say buy a new
car no well that could be the case if
we're not staying safe
that is are we gonna get stuck Oh go go
go go go noise I guess you've been right
oh wow bat stock we are oh damn it
we are screwed look at this Oh
okay we're gonna have to push the rear
as I've reversed we make sure that I
don't go and dish it any further
this car is much heavier than our
strengths not helping back on the track
yeah like to disappear soon what a great
start to the morning
we're actually on a mission for
rolls-royce to check the off-road
abilities this is a no-go it's a little
too deep yeah Oh perfect now I just have
to reverse the whole way and the car is
just sliding left right and centre
rule of snow Torres no always do we
shouldn't do but hate we made it like at
least 250 meters from the home come on
mr. solo
nothing like a better than bitch in the
morning well now we're warmed up
straight
come on you can do it what time did we
leave like you know and forgot it over
this clear as low as 400 meters I've
ever done in my life somewhat Austin
Powers shit yeah Tommy will give be
giving Austin Powers lessons later today
okay take two we're back in the don't
worry store Warner generally that's what
it feels like a little bit yeah
nothing's ever a problem
the only where I have now is everybody's
staying on the road all the way through
the truck yeah do you think we can do
that
yeah I hope so it's a matter of hoping
so you don't sound so confident Benny
yes it made it the Fun Factory now let's
just try to stay alive but it's so fun
to drift so what's the what's the deal
can we just jump onto this thing and
drifter absolutely great doing Caillou
had a really short some really yeah
should three wheeler thing we're just
gonna jump on the track and feel her out
a little okay the track goes but see we
just have a nice little round of
in return oh that was a good one it's
good to know where the track is
yeah yeah pretty white TV
Wow and the whole thing about this is
that I made a deal with the owner
anything is broken I have to buy the car
back so that means if I'm way out it's a
two hundred and fifty thousand euro
oopsies
oopsie but it's just too fun not to try
wait but I thought it's for sale for
three hundred yeah but we made from
their henchmans work I got a discount
No
well George one rules are made to do
that this is why we went on this note or
man I hate the seat belt 8 but is that
is that you that listen you know it's
like automatic it like it's like even
when it goes really sideways and tight
so it's the the chorus teller here oh
sure prepare to die yeah so that it's
lifting up the window and everything at
the window to do is lifting about
sideways Rose rose you're way too smart
I'm getting a little nervous for George
really I don't know a little nervous
like you're not your intensity
increasing rapidly from the first lap to
the second turns on the oh shit mode
yeah
why are thinks so much more fun what
it's called sequences they said I could
drive the lawn delay next yeah yeah
inside no issue okay it's time to just
step out of the car and find someone
else's car oh wow this thing is going
down oh come on I thought the lives in
the broad car
yeah this back seats pretty money with
the massage chair yeah there is a
massage then we have remotes back here
no glasses right here no way sort of
Benny's in the back editing and I'm yeah
sick of seeing mmm yeah that is all the
massage I could fit deep don't feel it
wow so you have TVs in for each other
are you going to what watch the you know
some video blog yeah so yeah this is
like heating the drinks and then this is
just regular and then it's cooling the
breakers yeah they actually get
something really properly cold damn yeah
we should have chopped the roof off one
of these yeah this might be the most
baller car that I've ever sat it is a
car like a baller factor the most
accomplished car but have you seen that
the table here the airplane table oh
yeah no no I need a new ride row yes
Benny's new work requirements I require
you to get a 650 this is like a preview
of the the completely ruthless G but the
main Christian is
does it drift so we are about to go play
with a 3.7 ton car worth 700 thousand
euros but feel great about it and how
many are existing though 99 OKC 98 isn't
it
come on me I got to Stowe and we were
shooting some video it stops oh fuck and
I see parts lying around that's not mine
that's not mine yeah
your little chip account to be able to
drift to close this long delay because
it is a bit snowy inside yeah that's
what the G would have been like yeah oh
thanks for this Thank You course for not
wanting to go in the ditch I have a new
favorite car we're just kidding please
subscribe like and like tell your
friends to like so we can get ya even if
you have the monies you couldn't even
buy these things no you can buy it at
over tag price which I understand
because it's how much you do with that
place more than 700,000 and then with
the imagine Benny Joon driving you and
me in the back we can sleep with your
word it's like the perfect media car
like for us we can vlog all day in this
it's no problem and then uni likes to
drive you can go fast we can just if
it's annoying we can just put the window
up and be like now what every day in
your life I think you're gonna drift a
rolls-royce and a G Maybach it's the
same day and then look
this looks like an extra bad idea
oh hey guys did you explain what's good
about this well Oscar had this really
nice suit and we thought maybe we could
go sledding
behind behind the park okay Thunder I
think the defender I can't really see so
good no are you feeling confident a
thousand percent
you're doing 55 kilometers an hour come
on I couldn't see anything I didn't know
I thought we were going like 10 no
that's not true it felt pretty bad that
was some serious skills
whoa yeah how cold are you
Oh God
Benny you crushed that what a tease
oh my lord I was knocked over like over
there doing a bit of this
oh man yeah there was like there was
this like carbon blue lights blinking
that like kind of like got sideways and
end up going around it in Benny bastard
so hard that was a big hole sneakers
yeah this is micro sneakers this is a
super comfortable you know what I have
an idea we have zero broken cars car
parts Bowling Buddies or anything so I
think it's time to call it a day and
like return on top instead of like
ending in a ditch because you want to do
one more you're gonna say I have a
really crazy stupid idea and then we
were gonna do something silly
I'm happy you didn't thank you but that
was so fun the bats been stuck for like
half an hour
don't get those guys they don't know the
rule about the last one who know our
knife just said screw ending on the top
no way
well this partner is stuck with the
Batmobile over there he felt lonely so
it wants to get stuck too
we need him to really risk enough if you
give us a really good crash we'll give
you a proper shoutout oh come on you can
do it we should have told him that
before maybe but it was totally worth it
yeah Wow
he was sending it like that was we were
fooled sideways on the whole thing oh
you're all here okay yeah he's totally
trying to get a shout-out he's even
trying to take your seat so he gets it
if you would have crashed really good we
would've given you a shout-out
yeah you missed it so we don't it's like
a 1-minute recap every day we're sucking
we're a bit behind Middies up to speed
yeah
machine running I have to say I'm
impressed
isn't that a beauty look at this we're
back in the garage or enough is
assessing the casualties and the
frottage is that's underneath noise can
see that we're back and I've even after
one kick as they here at storage yet
great location scouting guys see the
Norwegian they know what's up and now
I'm actually we're doing a surprise and
the vlog now because I've seen that the
staff is like they go really down one
end the vlog cuz apparently that sucks
threatening the bog here but there's
some good shots after I'm talking so I'm
gonna say ciao and keep on watching you
guys wouldn't say so you need to take
okay three two one
my extra layer love love jumps long
johns such a difference but yeah this is
what we call zero point zero zero yeah
can actually see shit like actually zero
point zero percent
