hey guys Bonjour
we can't really say good morning because
it's not morning anymore we figured we
would do a house tour but we've been
waiting for the weather and the weather
it's like not blue skies so we've been
waiting and waiting already and then we
realized the weather's not going to turn
blue now so we're going to show you our
our house our crib I mean we're going to
move in yeah it's our new house no but
it is one insane house so I think should
be good house tour
go explore called Villa Starck villa
stark do you want to be our guide Yanni
maybe we can mix yeah so here is the
entrance and there we have the
basketball scene you have a basketball
court right as you enter I'm guessing
this is like staff housing oh yeah or
something kind of been there it's this
whole place is so big but it's hard to
know but you have a kick-ass car you
kind of matches the villa with a
basketball hoop hoop I don't know and
then I love this entrance it's so this
is what I call boss player you have palm
trees for coconut and then oh yeah but I
haven't even been in the gym what I have
you know hello Jim yes
hello they have a gym of course they
have a gym like we I would say that
we've stayed in a lot of houses but I
think this is the most over-the-top
house I've ever stayed in
sure so okay here's the entrance
I love those things yeah so entrance
good uh so here we go
all right cool yeah this how many pools
does this place have I think three or
four a lot of them but yeah this is like
the main pool which has this really cool
red tile setup pattern very cool
and then you have the view over the
ocean
a couple birds flying by and then like
where's the blue sky and all this coming
I don't think it is but you have four
bedrooms up there we have the kitchen
everything in there and the not master
up there unfortunately we're not
important enough to get the master but I
feel like there's like 20 masters in
this place
three outside deck
I say we buy the house never will do a
quick tour inside I feel like the
outside is words knock him home this is
our workstation right here
so where we sitting words bit of coffee
yeah not much to say I guess about
refilling to father and lots of drinks
and coffee and then back in there you
have the extra kitchen yes okay time to
explore pool number two like when I walk
around I look at these staircases I like
them a lot yeah let's just say it's easy
to be an Instagram husband at this place
and I love the holes they have holes in
the pools so when you're underneath yeah
we'll show underneath then you can see
the pool from underneath pretty decent
view and then we have the master bedroom
in there but that is probably okay yeah
it's like we're staying in this villa
with like I'd want to say 15 girls yeah
yeah it's like girls everywhere just
taking photos and it's really tough to
be one of the only guys here so this is
like
oh yeah hold on here's the roof look at
this very sick detail can we go in now
we should should we switch should I be
the host for a second okay so we've seen
the main area
yeah hang out and chill and then yeah
now it's like jungle exploring for the
respite the compound Yongle hey palm
tree are you laughing are you laughing
at me no I never thought so
so this is a little path that goes okay
and the hot of another little lounge
area with like a bar kitchen and a
barbecue over there
all the girls were doing yoga here this
morning yeah it's really nice it was
good here's a couple shots of that oh
yeah like nice yoga spot and then uh
nice view here huh yeah it's like just
bring this nice I like these a lot
yeah this mission what we get some are
Bay off yeah
yep uh it's pretty big
can you guess how big it is I've no idea
yeah like really really really big just
the name says it all
the last part that's the guy the
architect I think I'll do this no else
is different you think no I don't know
it I don't know we'll say it is you can
start design and then this is like our
our building we're rounding a little
house Boyer
hey guys hi guys how are you working
reveal our resolve
I don't think like a beautiful water
proof we're gonna call yeah yeah yeah
it's raining now yeah a couple sunbeds
over there and then it's a clean know
what it's like really not clean hold on
okay now we have some life in the drone
we have a drone cameras and all this
because it's icon which opens teeny you
just want to go out like in this place
you're outside so all you need here is
AC and a bed and light it's good oh wow
super bright and then soon as people are
sleeping we can't march into all the
bedrooms now but a bedroom is a bedroom
and I think the the villa in general is
the interesting part about this place
and then they have this like pool cob
yeah pool complex that is try as big as
my villa it's the third pool now right
yep thank book they don't know it's pool
here yet Wow
look at that have no six-door
that's pretty sick shut up this is nice
and the third rule involved wha yeah do
you see the picture one the girl was in
here and they shot with a drone am
really good which is your those we shed
and then I'll get you on top of that you
shoot it for sure two more bedrooms and
this is like a playhouse I mean what's
the job an extra kitchen to hang
anything ease I like this one I really
didn't have time to check move it out I
know but we should play room later for
sure I'm up for it
the beach so pretty
we gotta complete the health door all
the way up yeah I was saying when you
look at it from here the pool house
looks like an entire villa yes and then
you realize that there's something above
it that's a lot bigger so I want to say
that this is the biggest complex like
it's like a compound rather than just a
bill up so I figured since we're going
to be here for a few days I thought we'd
start with a little house tours you know
where we are normally filled with people
but since the weather it's not epic
today I think most people are inside on
the computer but of course a holster is
not complete without a couple drone
shots so check out the house from all
different angles so you can get kind of
an idea of the types of this whole thing
yes
you
Oh
full
pretty sick right like breeding yeah
it's crazy but I'm actually going to let
that conclude the house tour and today's
vlog because we have a lot of stuff
planned in the next camelid update a
couple then next couple of days
thank you and we are pretty jet like to
be honest so we are gonna yeah make this
one a bit shorter come back with full
energy but we have taken about a million
photographs so link in the description
below to my blog that I've been updating
a couple times now I mean from like
border again and Instagrammer yeah so
make sure to check out the Instagram and
the blog and also if you haven't
subscribed to this channel I think you
should subscribe I think that's the
third time in 400 videos that we
recommend it yeah so yeah subscribe
because it's really fun to see numbers
go up and we'll leave it to that we'll
come back tomorrow lots of I think
there's a boat yacht tour planned assets
are and I know we have about 80% guys
watching so it'll be yeah yep tour with
lots of girls on the up tomorrow so
check back and we are going to go and
coffee and try to kill that jet lag
we'll see you guys now I never know if
we'll see you guys tomorrow or the next
day or whatever it is you guys did yeah
we'll see you real soon
over and out from Turks and Caicos in
the Caribbean yes Oh what
