whoo good morning noting we we needed to
start the morning because we got a
package yeah from who we know do we know
it's funny I was just saying yesterday
that we're not able to get back here and
then we have to to a today's surprise
what is inside GoPro ah this has to be a
seriously big GoPro you're not curious
yari oh-ho
that big box it's a backpack but it's
filled up with crimson heads I don't
know is it heavy no I'm not really heavy
ah that's the good news
they're fantastic Oh Oh sick that's nice
hero back here oh session yeah oh and
we're missing some of these Oh memory
card yes what else what else I love that
they serve stuff in a backpack yeah
because it's like so many different
pockets that you don't know oh yeah we
need to dis me this is super
great at all is there any more and we
need to use this under the surfboard
under under the surfboard and I still
think that's what Benny says he wants to
put it under like a fin yeah I
administered like it real slow like that
I I have a better idea for this one huh
which one how about we put this guy in
here and we do a getaway oh that is
better than attaching it under the
surfboard and sucking on the way I think
someone's going to get way more pleasure
out of that okay that's a great idea so
which house you're ready to give away
how can you I've got it ah I've got it
what is your idea everybody that posed
any picture you want but the text needs
to include follow Benjamin on Instagram
oh yeah yeah oh so any would like post
whatever picture one tag Benjamin and
say something follow Benjamin and then
we'll pick a random one out of those Oh
yeah usually sometimes we do a giveaway
and it's like maybe something everybody
can't win and then people get upset so I
think that's good this done everybody
can win yeah because the amount of work
that Benny puts in on on the vlog he
deserves a good amount of followers on
Instagram yeah so we'll pick a random
picture are the ones that have tagged
Benny
you have Benny's instable oh if he
reaches 100k on Sunday we'll give an
apple given we'll give away this guy as
well is that a deal
oh that's nice yeah 100k by Sunday then
we'll do another giveaway on this but
either way you should go follow Benjamin
and also yeah taking him tell us what
you like about it whatever you want and
then we'll pick a random photo out of
that that's perfect yeah yes perfecto so
I think that was a great start of the
day yes I'm gonna get a girl problem is
gonna get 100k more followers because
this deserves more followers and we
should also say thank you for 700 K fold
words oh yeah we kind of forgot yeah a
million things I remember like the same
Atlantic you were like let's make it to
30 yeah and then this whole thing kind
of became a big thing yeah well done
well done to you and to smoker's and to
everybody so everyone of all them most
of all to you guys because it was if it
wasn't for everybody watching
there wouldn't be a blog because then
it'd be like well why make a vol like if
no one's watching yeah what a thought of
the day I know that's a great answer
today but now we have more stuff we got
unpacking right do and maybe some surf
later and yeah the crazy weather
continues it's like clouds Sun huh and
boy waves yeah yeah I kind of hope that
the waves are not getting any bigger
because that I'm going to want to surf
and that's going to hurt like way too
much
imagine if Monica had like a perfect
Point Break I was new cadet here then
watch parade and then watch like mega
super duper yachts and then you could
surf yeah that would be the ultimate
ultimate like intimate paradise
I like today today it's going to be a
good day yeah
Hey look now ah come on perfect okay
ah no wife let's talk about yourself
ah you know it's coffee coffee coffee
coffee time it's like to drive a like
let me go buy coffee in the morning
actually I tried making coffee but we
only had ETF at home the iron stone I do
have to say that our Monaco go get
coffee setup is better than Riley
because we can walk 50 meters around
here to take a car yes there they have
great coffee here thank you now we can
start the date really are whoa
looks like young this is Mexico oops
also we'll go by foot Oh quicker oh it's
really good good to go hahahaha double
mail time I'm setting this for you thank
you
you guys all ready yes I'm just having a
discussion here with the Miss medium on
how to format the memory card ah so
what's the pen where are we going
I'm gonna go pick up my cat's initial
decision
cap the tissue what we're leaving my
friends we're gonna go through so it did
the first time with this one yeah the
real act like the first time we shoot
something that should be shot normally
we have just shot like a train bless you
bless me the curse this is sure the yen
is picking up is in centre of Monaco so
we're going to take a little walk which
is going to be hopefully good for my
chest
you
you're dead food leaking how up and down
as the weather goes and hosts at first
I'm like sweating like oh you are
wearing this and this and I'm wearing
this and this yeah so you were right for
like 20 minutes and then it was like
cold and whether you need to stabilize
so now hopefully Ani they're gonna get
her cut this is sure yeah she will if
she has been behaving
she's been well good good good girl are
you that was the quickest administrative
thing Olympian differently yeah not a
hair taken who thank you the well Jana
picked up is the curtain sure which
means that she's legally allowed to live
here and a lot of people ask us how
difficult is it to move to Monaco it is
not difficult at all like a lot of I
think a lot of people that live here
they want to seem like it's really
difficult so that it's really cool that
they live here but bottom line is that
as long as you're not a criminal and as
long as you have a decent amount of
money that you can put in the bank here
it's just so that they like a guarantee
but it doesn't cost anything like done
that's it yeah it's like basically not a
criminal and when I moved here you had
to put seventy thousand euros in the
bank so basically had to put in their
management account and you know it
wasn't a fee in any way but you
basically have to show that you're not
going to be a problem to society now
it's gone up a bit so when I move here
twelve years ago but bottom line it's
not that difficult I thought a lot of
people be interested I want to include a
bit of information in the blog but he's
not much is not just like girl look
camera like have a meeting with the
police Lucy how did you ask questions
about you like your family and it's cool
how it's not that's not difficult this
is for you you imagine that one in like
pink yeah baby pink available
tend to be my car one day when you go
birthday is coming up there ah
oh whoa whoa Killa okay I'm gonna go and
repair we'll be home in a side to you
we're gonna go see our favorite video
because my calf hurts like it's broken
and the ribs they're feeling real weird
and I still haven't seen a doctor since
I crashed on an idea what's going on and
then Benny can't walk anymore I am like
Jesus Ava great to have a good physio
like next door
how are you just good you know I veggies
broken okay yeah yeah yeah the broken
yeah I mean not yes but the least I was
saying was broken and it wasn't thank
you so much
yeah thank you so much appreciate it and
now rain will come by tomorrow and I
good hi I'm just laughing I'm like odd
start dog and then I'm getting baby
wha-what do you think you think I am
broken ribs or no broken ribs I am
broken ribs yeah yeah how could you rock
yeah that's kind of like I kind of
thought that I was okay that it was just
something but then I'm gonna lean down
and talk weird so kind of taking medium
okay and then he's like you did the
ultrasound say no okay because I do so
much cool it's like I gave this one
art piece the Yanni's dad what does it
say it's better to burn out than to
slowly fade away I'd rather burn down my
house burn break down whatever that's
like I mean now I'm fine
then it was what did you think bones can
heal in six state week but it's not
dangerous if it hurts so like you said
just don't like crash on it the pains
okay but what happens if you crash and
afterwards mother to clean is like break
in my country alone yeah yeah that's
what I'm scared of no nope no problem
never I see what he's like he's like oh
yeah broken and I'm like yeah I mean I'm
like I mean no yes but I'm I kind of
wanted it to be broken as I said to
everyone that it was broken and so I
didn't like I'd rather have a broken
rape than to be the guy that said oh I'm
so broken yeah that would have been bad
so even it's like any city could be
close to broken winces yeah like if any
slowly fading away it was like you would
like the face before a stress fracture
good push yeah I bought some a lot of
rice yeah
Brown right let's eat okay are we good
we are yes you think it's going to work
I hope so
so we are just now trying to do our
first question of the day through Skype
so hopefully we get the technology to
hold up ah ah there we go
yeah we're all here where I am
yeah yeah no we're all here but where
are you calling from him and what's your
name
oh yeah nice that's good dear and and
you're driving if that was me we're
going to get a lot of for being on
the phone but for you I think it's okay
yeah I think you too sir
yeah we are here we are packing up we
are flying over to Turks and Caicos in
the morning well me and Yanni are and
then Benny's going to have a
well-deserved couple days of vacation so
do you have a good question for us any
questions good question can you wait a
couple of seconds I'm picking up a
friend from work
absolutely probably he would be really
surprised you hello how are you
yes we're just having a Skype call with
your friend here oh ya know what I mean
we were I guess calling to get some good
questions to us rather than just reading
questions in the comment field so so
yeah we were hoping maybe you guys had a
good question well now maybe later
I am committed I'm talking to you guys
how old are you guys predator yeah all
right well let's reverse this listen
we're gonna yeah nice question oh yeah
that's Antonio what when did you guys
find the vlog and why did you find it
yeah yeah when you guys to start on it
up okay nice yeah I follow you on the
Instagram oh nice so yeah through
Instagram but then from the beginning so
the hardcore followers that's good to
hear I've been watching
every single blogger together Wow that's
what yeah the unfollow just in stock
that is good to hear what I have to ask
do you have a favorite blog one that you
thought stood out above the others I
love when you burn we're in the Vista
 business yeah for material are
that the oak tree yeah we have two to
three weeks blend doing the same thing
again this summer so that should be
pretty good and then the triple
mountains with the big jump that
recently the one in Italy like a couple
months ago when yeah did a big jump in
you was falling on their back
yeah I have the weirdest like time there
because I'd like I looked at the jumps
and it was like I was in a dream world
cuz I was like I can't get hurt I just
want to fly I don't care how I land it
was like it was like I was 18 again I
need food like to sit up yeah and then I
grew a lot
I didn't land that much but it was like
when you get when you're upside down the
air up there it it's really cool yeah I
loved I learned for the first time when
I love this yeah I was one of the
sunniest thing on Sodor left right
really yeah yeah yeah yeah are you
telling for everything although now
we're just broken both of us from the
little jogging session we had the other
day did 18 kilometres yeah which was
like 17 too many because my whole body
hurts and I can't walk no it's wrong
it's like going real slow I've been on
it all day like trying to like progress
but the wheels that I order they like
you can't buy wheels like that anywhere
so it's a custom thing so if you buy a
custom wheel it's like six to eight
weeks I don't have six to eight weeks
I'm trying to find a way around it to
like get me the wheels that I want in
the time frame that I want which is like
in a week so I'm like I'm struggling a
little bit but I'm trying to find a
solution okay can we see the picture
that you showed us
okay of course anyone that has today's
questions differently the rendering can
you see oh my god totally normal right
yeah but I wanted like now I really I
want it like him now that I have some
like when we were doing daily vlogs
everyday I didn't have time to think
about it or drive it or anything but now
that I actually have time to live like
more than one second a day like I'm like
get me the car like I'm about to yeah I
got to figure out how to did that now we
actually have to start packing because
as usual we are not finished packing and
we gotta leave for the airport at 6:00
in the morning go well enjoy the
beautiful weather up there in Norway and
hope you enjoy being a part of the ball
and really good you guys yeah yeah we
ain't gonna pick up my friends yeah it's
like this is way more fun than than just
like knitting a comment yeah that's a
good idea
we actually got a credit Florie on who
made the compilation video cuz yeah he
wrote wrote me an email with a couple
ideas and he's like yeah you should do
like more face-to-face Q&A so as always
Florian thank you coming up with good
ideas if you guys liked it hope you yes
I'm variety and then yeah if you see us
on the street with a camera feel free to
grab us and tell us today I'm doing
today's question yeah and don't hesitate
to post more questions if you want to be
cold
yeah and post question and put your
email address when your comment will not
appear but we can see it so it's 9 yeah
exactly and your skype name so we know
that directly yeah and now we just gotta
sort of they're finished packing up yeah
yeah well done on this or should we
should we end today's vlog here sorry
doesn't mean didn't mean to leave you
hanging it truly ended but before we end
it
hold on I was going to say that before
we end we should remind everyone that
you like you even filled this back to a
couple more goodies since we left off so
if you want this guy then make sure to
yeah
tag me on Instagram
something and then we will make sure to
record Benny picking a winner tomorrow
yes so that you guys know that it's
coming so with this said well now that
we have that I say that we should get
ready so that we're not late and losing
things and forgetting things because I
have to kind of pick up something at the
airport tomorrow morning I left my
passport on the fly but luckily that
stewardess was a vlog follower so she
emailed us in like hey I have an or was
it Facebook yeah she paid them to me
yeah yeah like the way yeah thanks cut
early not like a million thanks I'm
pretty good at losing passports but it's
way nicer to get him back so we're going
to try to and get organized and not
loose another passport Amaro yeah well
that will say goodnight gel hey where
are they boy yeah yeah
