don't forget this million plastic
where's the car no let me focus off the
converter yes good morning
now as you can see we can actually
almost walk but we're not sprint we're
not a same old today
oh-ho no we are on our way to the
airport with two cars because we have so
much luggage so Yanni just once
actually let's just connect at the
airport yeah I need to regroup my energy
okay
OOP we made it to the airport yeah still
alive but barely I can highly recommend
that if you plan on running a race run a
bit before otherwise you have a painful
day after good morning - good morning
any all right well how did you come it's
like so easy to vlog when you have
energy but when you're just struggling
get yourself on the bed light so that
your body hurts Oh
chantek Union even have enough energy to
put my shoes on properly what's your
plan I took my bag first
we're so overweight yeah we're all like
we're just unlike 20 finicky no all
right team overweight all right let's
keep our fingers crossed
yeah I'm excited a nice and nice lady
that like everything oh this lady needs
to be nice
check how much better 23.6 leave all the
way that was not easy at exactly 23
kilos to remain or couple things around
and make it just work but no problem
yeah of course thanks the any for the
27th keynote by Liggins to do that's all
your folks I have to take it ah q1 the
staff they get a happy big green sky
yeah for whoever designed our Londe is
like security belt system was not a
person that ever flew no this is like
brand-new and it's like the worst Vista
machine ultimately change Rolanda change
no we still have done three large my
needs
final column we're like rocker wrong
meets like ah don't scare me like that
Yanni coffee yes give me coffee so I can
actually get on the right plane
tell the men point down hey I can do
some filming like I feel inspired itself
but thank you yeah here's the problem
you can't see if you're filming on like
Casey Neistat
identified so our second case there's a
thing and lumix like figure out a way to
see if I am recording or not yeah put a
light put something like bright big
light
what were they called like the old like
the sony handycams oh yeah then you had
a red light on the front so you saw that
if you were recording but then you taped
it over so you could sneak you film but
now when you have a vlog like that would
be epic like a blinking light to the
prospereth red record a enough morning
talk we have one like hyper jet-lagged
girl that is right now in the middle of
la Lu at night and we have two really
broken human beings that are so I'd say
that we're going to just rest for a
couple hours come back in the Sun
the brunch idea
very well compute a square without this
25 ahead of get it right
testimony they're weaker without - they
can apply at the msi alliance don't
prefer free knife fight with us today
record your voice thank you
and we made it to LeBrons you feel at
home bunny we having a healthy home is
all we cannot say what do you think I
just recall anything that's so difficult
being a monument for those you don't
know Benny is from gone which is a super
cool like basically we landed nice which
is in between Khan and Monaco so we're
all coming home which is nice but you
know what I read in the comments
yesterday you you seem really
intelligent you should talk more
it's the first time that anyone said
that I was intelligent in a comment you
always hear that you're happy you have
energies but intelligent was the first
night I would also have this thing for
me yeah I'm gonna like every comment
that says that I'm really intelligent
haha upcoming this morning when I was
like how we have so much luggage and all
this stuff now I calculated that we've
been at nine different places since we
left home yeah and we've been skiing
with in LA we've been surfing in Mexico
and I think that's why we have way too
much luggage and I've been away for six
weeks seven weeks
can't wait to come home dump a bunch of
stuff like are you organized like and go
buy clothing with energy
yeah we're jumping a minyan er jumping
on a plane a plane and play supply to
the plane it'll make a flame better wire
yes music nation explain yeah Turks and
Caicos yeah where is toucan Caicos we'll
pick it up oh so you're getting from to
ban going back to Cuba good Yanni like
she got the Stockholm and then she's
like I want to check a map like we're
exactly Cuba's and we're circling Caicos
it's just like like a 30 minute fight
but you had to go to Stockholm forget
your passport yes so I can trust so now
look edge please I hope we have the
luggage no I hope they lost the luggage
for once because it's called dirty
laundry and my body hurts to carry it so
please actually ask for once please lose
my luggage I will not say anything bad
if you do
in the bag Benjamin is a really slow
learner
he keeps carrying all the backpack even
though I've told them that I have
started a bad company where you can
attach back if you don't have to carry
them but it's taking him like you know a
few months and I feel like oh no it's so
heavy I don't like it's so nice you have
to carry each time you did you say that
I'm like oh yeah think of it what what
if you're a copter I don't think the
uber comfortable like a luggage stores I
think we'll have to go with the grouper
car whoa so next time you can explain
yeah but the bad thing is that uber is
not allowed in Monaco so we can only
grab an uber from here to want to go
when cheaper than a taxi also in Michael
the French taxi can drop you off there
but a French sex we can never pick you
up in Monaco no it's strange no no he'd
be done up oh we have another one but
it's to have it affected by the way I
use my douche bags is to try to beat
them up as much as I possibly can so
that I can find the weaknesses see
father problem 100 kilos of luggage oh
ho ho
you should see the boats that are parked
outside we have the a and then another I
don't know the name of it but I think
it's the world's biggest sailing yacht
and it is the most funky looking thing
I've ever seen
no we're looking okay we have Venice bag
that's about it
no it's looking good I was kind of
worried that we left this place in a
mess because we came from Italy late at
night and then we left former mayor real
quick so yeah there's a bet in the
kitchen but besides that we're looking
okay we need another lunch but out there
the a is chilling can we jump in the
water
I was going to say lunch water and bene
pulled off another one of its one minute
map apparently he can set his alarm for
two minutes
and in that time you'll fall asleep and
sleep one minute I every time he does it
I'm like equally fascinated by food
Hey well it's safe to say that I didn't
work out like we got home went up in the
apartment and then we looked out in like
poop the weather all then yeah I just
wanted to go on the beach that's always
like that Monica afternoon since I boom
comes in so instead of laying on the
beach to nothing we are gonna take a
team ball the grocery store and get
groceries
so generally close to their home I know
when you're traveling like we do it's
like restaurants are nice but when you
get home it's like oh I can cook and
since we're now on the healthy program
we're going to buy some healthy food and
it's nice to go for a walk so that I can
heal my calf it's still hurting real bad
and for those two you saying like are
stupid running and you see we use them
because we weren't supposed to run at
all oh I go oh my god Ethel so now you
can see what we do when we're off camera
normally oh oh oh you oh you're doing
cause you know this is my favorite part
oh
the weather is getting worse and my cap
hurt more and more we need to stop like
trying to be created by thoughts
elevator was going down with the camera
these are the kind of things we do it
put that camera in the elevator
let the door shot as I hope that doesn't
go down take you we were getting better
yeah everything's I could just show you
guys what yeah this is all for you mate
I'd you know I like to some reason we
can't send stuff here they won't accept
it to the door so we got to figure out a
solution on how to get around that oh no
no we are not walking you see what water
all right yesterday no oh really
right you know the adjustable 100 today
I'm on this narrow flexible thanks a
million
yep we have actually been talking about
having things like this like to swim at
yeah and then all of a sudden it shows
up and god I don't know whoever sent
these is like a mightier we don't think
we've ever mentioned that we thought
about it thank you when we picked it up
the dorm is like the onion ice no no
you're gonna think yeah no problem she
grabbed there's a kinder Delbert no no
anything from us and I'm a strong girl
I'm gonna serve gimmick like pot now I
have to carry it why are you doing this
place do you know the sound oh I love I
know a lot of people pieces remember no
no never had many not this no I know how
to play with you it is really annoying
only tonight in the beginning I'm not
afraid of spiders snakes like anything
but that thing I mean not but it's like
that sound is like okay I think it's
time what do you think Johnny it is time
to organize and do laundry are you ready
look at this boy I know I was saying
like it's time and then we have all that
stuff under the bed - with a bunch of
ski stuff Johnny please excuse us it's
going to be messy for a while before we
go to bed it's going to be nice okay
looking good on here right yes I liked
when I pulled everything out of my oh no
I was about in yeah but we pulled
through yeah but now it's like dark
alright that was a serious serious pull
but it's just so nice to come home and
feel that you're under control I had
queen and boyfriend plus points right
yeah me and Johnny were discussing
yesterday like what does what does a
boyfriend up to do to get plus points
the only thing she could think of was
shave
give massage and clean yeah pretty
simple to be a boyfriend but I think
since we've had a fairly long day it's
easy to say but it's just nice to get
your life under control yes and he's
here too and benjamine oh I was just
saying we've had a long day we've done a
lot of things we've done a lot of good
things and we've gotten organized so I
say that we are going to say born Straub
ornery
Elda ma / well that's about the French I
know
you
