Oh
good morning good morning we are now in
column a beautiful comma where we're
going to run the wings for life world
run we just had a little State your
parents I'm always afraid of speeches
because usually when you're on the mic
on stage there's a delay on the speakers
so sometimes it's impossible to speaks
every time I've asked you on the stage
I'm like heart attack but it was fine it
was fine that was good so now we are
about to get ready because we're going
to try to run like I said with my ribs
I'm going to go to calm our support the
wings for life will run because it's
something that I care about basically
the wings for life will run is a charity
race where you collect money to support
spinal cord research so even if I can't
win this race I think it's important to
be here and support it not to do at
least 10k we'll see work we're going to
start slow run like real smooth like 33
but have it I'm gonna enjoy playing with
people ya know it's a super fund rate
and I think it's a great cost to support
and if you don't have time to do it this
year do it make sure it's all around the
world yeah next year I'd say that we
should get together the biggest team and
run like a thousand people together yeah
now I think it's time for us to head to
the start it's good we're good we're
ready run we have Benji Benji still at
blisters yes alright let's go run and
see how things work out today Popo sorry
is ready my goal is to get past the
corner of this White House here anything
perhaps that is a bonus yeah but who are
we we are the stupid people good people
don't do the right thing they do the fun
thing is that and where people run the
order on - yeah run Forrest run
look at this it's like when you look at
it we can really tell that these are not
professional Red Bull sponsors running
out we have a lot of board shorts oh
Henry look strong the only one we're
just missing wants right now okay ready
are you warmed up you ready to run no me
neither but I'm looking forward to
moving nowhere
we're in the first line we're all the
favorites of events oh lot of people
well even if you haven't considered
doing a running event this is the one to
do it at because it's like when you
don't know how far you're running K so I
forgot to explain oh yeah this is not a
traditional running race where you run a
set distance here everybody starts
running yes and after half an hour a
course starts from here going 12
kilometers per hour and when that car
passes you that's when you race overall
the faster you run the longer you get
you're at the start and you don't know
how far you get her up and that's the
most exciting we should do what everyone
else is doing son I'm going to forget
about my ribs I just go and then
tomorrow we'll deal with the problem I
think you should be in the leaf there's
going to be a race I think you should
challenge whoever's running real fast
and I'll just catch up here if I can't
run real fast one part of chemo
to run real fast enjoy mr. burnshaw I
think you should run as fast as you
possibly can you can be m2 leader them
over oh yeah I would be in the lead yeah
because I'm their sole then I'll catch
up in a little ready
Hey
I'm gonna join you on the rhythm you're
good yeah that's how you do bro
Oh
down here you
Oh
go go
yeah lady you'd gone Goodwin is
overtaking me no I have this stuff
machine yeah where were you
I thought you'd be spending for 200
meters I thought you swipe or no I spent
like maybe 500 I was like a threesome
how's the feeling that's pain in the
knee and you pain everywhere
ah oh but still running
yeah and we all have to finish the
bridge at least all now we're going for
until we die
thank you brother ah the end of the
bridge almost come about 10 kilometers
which was not the plan I think tomorrow
will suffer oh yeah tomorrow
Oh water Red Bull this is good job
thanks Joe
all right never
interview a better - yeah hey come on
guys I remember this shirt
well we are so screwed tomorrow two
minutes before the start I was like yeah
looks like walk tell ya ha meters
yeah and then you see a start gun and
you lose all common sense you use you UK
believable and now I'm thinking maybe I
let me die we can beat last year 15
kilometers you impressed I have be
playing in one of my knees but I can
time oh thank you
how did it go oh we should never stops
oh that's the worst of you pansy lilies
well done now it's these good time yeah
wow you wanna glad to cover mine even I
mean make up you rather I bow oh yeah I
need you get in here here step it off
 now
okay I'm gonna go for it yeah go for it
come on run until I fall over and die
okay no see you there
yeah sorry in the ditch all right Oh
give me a ride I'm billing 13 kilometres
to the best running lots of pain
lots of pain but sometimes you just
gotta take something good
14 kilometers that is about 30 more than
expected but now kind of looking for
that car to come and putting them to
this misery but on the other hand I
don't wanted serious cap crimps yeah the
only way to finish the run until the car
catches your head and you like fall down
and die in that ditch quick thing it's
not up soon oh no never
yes I see if it hurts it makes you
stronger but broken tomorrow right now
I'm on the run 100 steps walk through on
100 steps for computing pain one more
time good job
thanks for filming how are you feeling
buddy ones like my ribs were bad but
after like eight kilometers my calves
were so bad that I couldn't even feel
the rib and then the freaking battery
ran out on the cameras have been running
holding a dead camera for six kilometers
long but luckily we had a stand-in
filmer yeah thanks so much you have come
the problem I was fantastic usually when
you train it's your breathing that kills
you first I was like doing okay
breathing life but just like the worst
pain like just straight paint but then I
was like I was singing in my head
and then I managed to do that for like
20 seconds and that I didn't know any
more words that I'm like breathing for
like 10 seconds then I start again
do you know how many kilometres you run
how your neck 18 and something oh it
could be a world record actually with
broken ribs these things 30 18 k we
broken rib and I ran it in my eases but
it's like as soon as there's a
competition and a start line my mind
goes blank and like all common sense
goes out the window because like I was
on the start line like a kilometer to
maybe and then like they put up a gun
I'm like how many I can do eight or nine
that's 100 meters I'm like I can do Tom
Turkey longer I'm like maybe I can do 15
14 I'm right it could be more but it's
so rad to run this because everyone's
pushing each other yeah how far did you
get no idea like we were on the start
line I'm like baby once you sprint the
beginning and like you know try to hold
it down off the start and then I still
haven't seen you at nine kilometers I
love it but you're you're so tired that
you're running and you end up missing a
kilometer signs you're like drag where's
the next side I know I was 17 I was
running here and I was thinking we were
at 7 8 kilometers and I'm like I was
passing or any with um thumb for a bet
I'm like Jennifer Graham I was thinking
literally eight it's like 4.2 but haha
I had totally come to terms that we were
missing our flight like pretty early on
in the race but here we are looking okay
we don't have luggage yet now we only
have one slight issue and that is how my
legs are gonna take it early cannot walk
Oh Red Bull in the eye moment baby of
the day yeah the iPhone sequences from
this guy give him a follow because you
saved us to the huh making their
memories so we can remember how it feels
to run 18-something kilometers million
saying good job
I'm so screwed you look good with that
you can jump like woah if you like the
same vote compared to me no ha ha ha ha
ha what is wrong in my brain that I am
like super excited about this because
I'm so pumped that I was able to push
come on hello
look young slowly slowly
ah but the good thing is that we are we
just got dropped off by the taxi and
we're Yanni's mom's place ah which is
not Yanni just landed from Cuba two
hours ago so just stay here with her mom
she said comes to here and I'm like
awesome cuz when you're staying with
some of moms
you always get good food and like get
taken care of yes and we kinda need that
but I say Yanni might be like on the
same program flying from Cuba and she
didn't really sleep on the flight back
huh I think we'll have the same speed
it's like hello I am Maya I mean we feel
good in our soul but our bodies are
terrible Yanni's first reaction when i
told her what we did is like honey we're
not 15 anymore
no no sauce on the right side so that's
what us is again
so feeling better now where you're going
to end today's vlog air because
apparently I just fell asleep in about
tub that's a good sign I don't have
anything else mark to say besides
running is fun until you stop I don't
know where that energy came from but the
suit is the gun went off I just had to
run and how long did ruin floor I ran
for 18 point 11 kilometers I also have
to come get congratulate or on who won
the worldwide event
I caught are on in Sweden when I drove
the car two years ago since then I've
been following him so check out our ins
instagram below because that is one
inspirational human being and he is
apparently way stronger than I am you
know how long he ran for he was in a
wheelchair I needed 92 kilometers - in
Dubai in like fifth degree that's I
don't know what planet you're from or on
but it was the same as me but now we're
just gonna say good night and we'll see
you guys later
yeah when brain works again who's not
you next time yeah no mouth closed
system which
