ruining again we're on our way to the
train but we good morning by the way
we're on our way to the Train what did
you say I was saying I kind of looked
the booking so you know me so the train
leaves in exactly 10 minutes ah I'll
give us a 50% chance of making it
like we were all chillin fixing like
we're like all right everything's under
control and look I'm like ooh oh why
does don't but we are on our way to the
train to catch the train down to calm
our yes because trains are nice trains
you can work and you can like hang out
and I look at the landscape exactly and
no security checks but for now we
actually left a bunch of bags in the
hotel so now we can travel light it's
nice no traffic no trip ok we're looking
good we're going to turn off right here
ok I'm increasing 80% chance of making
it out 70 I'm totally thing at the top
let's go cuckoo look how like we're
traveling that we can read this the
proof time yeah but I got to run like a
Steadicam so I don't okay give me to get
that this is the proper site what's the
bouncing the hurt track 11
wait a second I don't know this Factory
wrong huh photo 11 77 spicy sinks no I
took the wrong size format this is the
biggest sensation I've ever seen we
should be oh yes officially eight
minutes from the hotel lobby the Train
world record that's one way to wake up
else fresh pressed to showered a second
ago Ashley's horse the cookie the cookie
there yeah
no just what you think yes
oh ho ho
Paul Paul thanks you nice I can order
for a master to a jog tomorrow
Flint a jog mr. Douglas Joe gets lowered
chug chug
sorry I mean I have a new love she's
called Miss medium
Casey what's not oh you know what I
think being late is really good like no
gives when we're late
nothing on the vlog is planned or
according to plan yeah so we're we're
just off the only hat surprise otherwise
when travel is like alright let's shoot
some b-roll there and like we'll open
there now it's like you know do ahead
should Iraqi Iraq
yes this is a job
Thank You Felix I could go way longer on
the train yeah Louise didn't have
another one yeah but it's not that long
it's like an hour and a half know that
like the Train yeah we met a bunch of
nice people on the trains we're
discussing politics actually a lot of
politics I think 15 years I had no idea
what was going on in the world but the
older I get the more it kind of an
interesting because I want to I want to
be a person that knows stuff that
doesn't ignorant apples
Oh playing notes in the troop-horse on
school tour of work Lawrence Botox I
don't get anything yes Oh could you stop
playing no I cannot
we're ready for train it's okay to play
I think there's a lot to be learned on
this it's not a plug-and-play like this
it's way more Pro than I'm a pro
photographer yeah it's volume 11 trees
nice drink
everything most of it
yep welcome to Colorado Red Bull I don't
know who cannot it's beautiful what
we've been so lucky to the sweetest trip
yeah it's because you are happy
oh happy god I wish I know songtext like
I cannot remember song types to say my
life you happy be little I look this way
ah ah Bonjour looks good
oh my god hey hey man don't terminate
that's a theater except for you do you
think so Thanks
look at that Oh lunch spot nice yeah we
were here a couple years ago and there
you are and had lunch in there it's like
oh I look so nice shirt really no idea
yeah we were here having dinner a couple
years ago and it's like feels are you
going on Game of Thrones yes like for
real is it serious
alright it's serious the worst thing
about this camera though is that you
think you can shoot anything and make it
look good it's not that simple
where's the door you need to take this
little yes up exporting photo at the
same time like already one two
but I almost forgot through my autograph
because nowadays no one wants an
autograph
come on a photo
ha ha hi everyone Jesper been ski skiing
I'm Carla event skating nice to meet I'm
not doing anything
ok then cross it for mountain bikes
right and water God ever every now and
then you came to the wrong place we have
a camera there water guns
oh-ho delicious
oh here's the sniper is it my good test
sir looks like a time it looks like it's
live you're only told to gather up in
this room not told what we're gonna do
but I don't know I'm gonna see what
we're going to do it looks like yes
person school over there I know this man
what is this
it's how did retard orcid Jewish star
and then we're doing some teamwork
exercises now lorenz a mirror and try to
make a straight line on the side
Noah it's at that time none even so much
drama beautiful who's this one we're not
here tonight
there must be a really smart human being
yeah what does that make it not matter
come everybody try nam la good
night last night
yes I do
but it is interesting well you know me I
like to think analyze and think in our
life so we basically well we were
talking about mental coaching personal
coaching and the way we look at sports
performance versus everything but it was
really cool when you have people that
are top athletes in all different sports
of the world and then just sort of like
we went pretty deep like there's some
serious like maybe meeting like
confession stuff so so it's really
interesting to hear how people think a
lot of athletes they do their sports
part you know perfect but then there's
so much behind it that you don't do
which is really stupid so I'm actually
going to do a couple things that's
interesting about a life circle
basically do one circle and sort of
split your life in two horns like come
on idea device okay so it's like how
many percent is vlog how many percent is
family how much training how much is
food and like goal is so it'd be
interesting to do one and sort of look
at what does it look like now and then
do a second one what do I want it nah
we'll do it later but I think that's
interesting and you guys can do it as
home yeah you can do it with you okay
we're going to do some life coaching
teach us what you learned let's try to
figure out and divide the day into what
we think it looks like today like time
was okay so you divide your circle into
eight okay and then depending on how far
out you go is female okay book it so if
we should summarize our current life
situation is that we don't train not
nearly enough what we should do
nutrition haribol we need to cook food
at home and eat good food not pizza not
hamburgers and all this crap that we
eating I need to spend more time with my
family
team-building we should spend two hours
every week to evaluate what we think is
good with heli work or not mental
training it's like I think an insane
amount but I'm not really change your
name resent anything I'm just analyzing
current situation that's not going to
make anything better and relax sleep
sleep is much better now so that I'm
very happy about but I would love to be
able to relax and not sit here and think
about 25 different things improving
skills we should
more time analyzing what we do what's
good what can be better and then also
looking at other people who get
inspiration or what they be well and
like what I pick up on and then yeah of
course
social media blog work business is used
a lot
laughing again
what is everybody what did you do again
I realized that sort of what goes on in
your head really fascinates me so we
started talking and it's like there's so
many things you can learn and develop
and improve and now he grows and now
it's like doughnut hole and everybody's
left a long time ago and I could still
sit here for five more hours it's like
the cameras over whenever I do something
I like I can just go forever no wonder
all that's how oh stop it
we gotta go get the bird no go go
running again
maybe I should run like this tomorrow
the best routine oh I think you've just
made her day I think so oh that's my car
I'm going to move this one you can get
it
Oh got it oh I like the name
now who your ass comfort is inside warm
heat yeah anything is not cold anymore
oh my thumb that we got stuck down here
the seminar discussion okay how did it
go feeling better
oh we have the total plan for our life
the bottom line is that there's so many
things that you can improve in the way
you live life and optimize it and be a
little smart and do ten times more
things that have a lot more time yes I'm
going to try to work on a lot of aspects
so that we can get yeah find some more
time to increase training during your
training business
yeah CrossFit know what we need to do I
know what we need to do we need to bring
you and like do a workout with Henrik
that he's really bad at and have you
crush him yeah I would love that because
we never get the crush Henrik in
anything but I think if you see this
we're gonna have a child yeah something
is coming yeah I've never I've never
seen him struggle with something so that
would be great I know his weaknesses in
CrossFit so I don't think I know what
we're gonna do okay tell us the most are
practicing now and we need like a month
at least look enough time to eat what I
miss you
is it my meal is it my dinner yeah we're
we're going to be a refill once you
finish that ah these step one we're
ordering the fish soup instead of
hamburgers and french fries with extra
tuna time fries hey Bonjour
so slight change of plans on today's
question we are not running Skype we're
running real live today questions yeah
so pump them what is your question how
is it going with the Rosewood okay so I
know we did a small update on that but
we have some more updates and the rules
it was shipped off to get the new
exhaust um we basically have like almost
everything done it just needs to come
back on the car so we are the one thing
that's slowing things down is the custom
wheel good yeah I had wheels order but
then they sort of just stopped replying
to my email yes so now I have a new plan
with new wheels and I want to say two
weeks and it's finished but cars always
take longer than they should but I think
we can have some exhaust sound Peters
yeah and then a couple days late I still
haven't heard the car either but I can
tell you it's going to be loud like
really really really really I hope
so I hope that was a little update and
since you're here I'm going to I'm going
to show on flower rendering what it's
going to look close the loop you've only
seen reaction that yes really normal
right team over to he approved yeah is
it okay yeah
so we're sorry guys you have to wait a
little bit more but if you see me maybe
will be nice yes cool well thanks for
the question we're going to do a lot
more of this in the future that's better
than just reading comment yeah if you
come test us then you have questions
just shoot it up yes well no thanks for
the idea 5 thanks haha that was a good
dinner yeah I'm for the record for this
year wander Benny ordered like a huge
dessert no I was like a touch you
looping but so I now made a decision
that since we're going to work on help
it's going to be six days a week with a
hundred percent healthy stuff yes you
know meaning no french fries hamburger
pizza desserts chocolate nope nothing
and then one a week whatever I want so
then it's like munch fest mm-hmm and
that's one and then we're going to start
working out like every single day yes
because if you eat better you eat more
of like the good stuff like the healthy
stuff and then you work out that means
you're going to get way more energy and
you're going to create a better life so
it's been a really productive day like
I'm it was first when I walked in it's
like a mental training in your life
really like but then when you start
thinking about what mental training
actually is it's like coaching yourself
to be smarter in life just be better
yeah cuz I got an iBook associated
famous here in comes it's crazy I was
here two years ago before we had the
vlog and I don't think I took a single
photo yeah no years ago no autographs no
photos oh so thank you everybody for
liking what we do that's really nice to
see but yeah I think hope it's okay that
we talked a lot about life improvements
because I think there's so many things
everyone can do in order to just create
a more productive better lighting like
yes we're snot supposed to run tomorrow
with the ribs but but now I say that we
say good night and we'll see you guys
tomorrow we have the start of the wings
for life world run up here which is here
so we can mentally prepare how it's
going to be tomorrow hold on the missing
chain on you looking kid I think we can
run yeah the after father's Authority
can mark on the boardwalk rat who again
an evacuation scale on spec then
immediately gets off sister Doris Road
surveys Rashomon excellent ciao
so nice blue sky
