hey good morning we are in Stockholm and
we're having a typical Stockholm day if
when I get to Stockholm there's like
always a million things I should try to
do because I'm not in Sweden that much
so first up is a photo shoot and I was
asked what kind of tuxedo size I had so
apparently I'm going to look go fancy
that's how we're going to start today
and then we're going to keep going and
just do a bunch of things hires young
Bonjour
hi how are you good good we are ready to
get looking boom ah he was taking the
SPD I were talking about the sound of
the real stuff
come on yellow so cool this is nice just
strike without ever seen yeah stable at
least although we are trying to move in
the other direction and like have not
here that it's smarter and easier to
bring around you want to try this with
the red and play it around a camera
nurse in the house welcome oh this is
the best part of the day you just sit
here and relax I get taken care of like
resting and then you have to try not to
scratch your face after that which is
the hard part if you're not a girl and
you're used to it this is actually what
we do every morning before we start
shooting the ball we have a hidden
silent oh wait that's the key of Kabuki
no but we should have some day yeah well
we're really tired being Emma stylist in
the morning too freaky Olson and it's
good to get some makeup every once in a
while and like it's so nice you're
sitting there and it's like someone's
putting a face of the pencil and
placement us yeah it's really nice
you can just stand here and listen on
the camera yes maybe we'll
where was you under the shirt one of
different angles of the camera okay Oh
first one already good poke hole whoa
Jen's done I'm done
one more one more yes thanks guys and
now you say like this now on if I if I
change I'm going to feel like I'm so
underdressed mission one accomplished
now I'm back to like normal again I
don't always want to prefer a 62 for
normal it's fun as you both I want to
have suits and tuxedos more often yeah
but now we have mission number two or
with yen still yes yeah for those you
who have yes she's helping us with the
channel in regards to everything and
we've known each other for like 15 years
okay and now we're going to go to Del
now we're going to talk computers and
figure out what we think of Jesus versus
Mac yes let's go to Dell and see what
the good people there have to offer we
have some some cool stuff we're going to
check out rise
welcome to computer heaven look at this
so what we're doing here we're looking
at they have a couple models that's like
monster powerful I'm here to just touch
a deal and learn this looks like it asks
a lot
oh yeah this should be one whoo-hoo and
that's the one we have kind of like this
so on a scale to 1 to 10 where should
you eat to these that we use is already
like really strong this is a five six
and a halt and this is ten whoa okay 50%
if you're going to use this one
edit on the flight you always need to
fire business class yes just another get
another table on them know that we have
my business ok what is this computer for
Yanni same as we have we're gonna go
home and try the super overkill computer
yes it is big to travel with but you
know us like we do a lot of videos
sometimes some days so if we can get
export power that's something we need
mm-hmm but we realize that we should
have come here
wait earlier because having been a Mac
user for 20 years and then go to PC
there's like a lot of things that you're
like I wish you had that now apparently
you just push a button and it was there
so we I learned that learn more Lauer
than we learned in like a month using it
thank you
you're just any just like an hour a day
of like not very so fun having to know
but it's really good and what we're
going to do we've done so many questions
on the computer like that everyone wants
a bit of a review yeah on how it is
going from Mac to PC so we're going to
do we're going to go back to the hotel
room and do an export to show you power
wise how it works and the differences
we'll leave it at that and then we'll
check back on the review let's go
straight into a comparison see how fast
these two computers are when you match
them against each other this is a Dell
physician 55 20 and this is a full
respect MacBook pearl the previous
generations and not the latest one but
we have the same file on both computers
it's about a two minute 30 file with all
sorts of different shots it's 4k it's
drones GoPros read everything so we have
the same setup we're going to push
export at the same time
and we're going to see which one's
faster three two one six four
one minute for 10 remaining 120
remaining okay PC at 50% Mac at 26%
almost 90 percent 45 percent there we go
250 on the PC and that Mac has 45
percent left and imagine you're
exporting a video every single day and
now we're exporting a short video in
Full HD
but imagine exporting in 4k on a long
big video with a lot of transitions and
everything then that eats up a lot of
time Mike
yeah King okay so a bit of background
the reason we wanted to like try out PC
is that Mac release the new MacBook Pro
and it wasn't like really that big of a
difference and if you look at Apple sort
of earnings where the money comes from
it is not from laptops so that tells us
that it's not going to be changed
Apple's not going to focus on making the
best laptop ever and I was reading that
Reb's
CEO Jared he's like okay I'm moving over
to Dell because you know Apple's time
has passed when it comes to laptops and
when he said that I'm like well he's
pretty up-to-date and he has a lot of
tech stuff so I'm gonna try to and now
when we're looking at this Ethan yeah
and I would say that I've been a Mac
owner my whole life I've never had
anything else and PC has always scared
me I'm like I don't understand like I
don't understand anything but I have to
say okay the first hour you're like how
do we even turn it on like where do I
find internet or anything but I would
say after 2 days you're up to like 60 70
% and then you can learn a couple simple
things you know much quicker than I
expected now we've only had one PC one
Mac so we've been going back and forth
and Benji has been edging on this and
I've been sort of emailing on this so
when you go back and forth it just takes
a bit longer but Yanni she's on the Dell
as well and she was like you know it's
easier to switch so if you're
considering switching if you're doing
video I mean we're looking here at keep
going still going so the difference in
speed and power is huge and if yeah for
us we need good stuff very fun but yeah
when I'm looking at this the debating
what's better is over and we have the
times 524 the export to 50 well so
double the
bwaah and export but now we have this
done so now we are going to regroup and
I want to go buy a skateboard yes we
should buy skateboards I don't think
skateboard is good for broken ribs
notebook is good for life having
traveling while also filming you use a
dolly shot so we'll be right back we're
gonna head outside in the beautiful
weather and just be exports buckle yes
whoo mmm but we found Oscar and Simon
yes people it's been on the vlog before
Simon filming Oscar photography yeah
there's so much into that but that's
their introduction but this is all scare
no skateboard he's going to help us
check out skateboards but before that
we're going to do a little detour
because there's a camera I want to check
out whole format boo boo but like a
photo camera no that's something to
replace these guys now no this is like
something seriously unnecessary but I
want to go check it out either way the
smart you quick-quick is my cousin on
board okay let's go
photo time come on let's go you bet so
much and keep up the good work
take care now and I'll see you on the
Internet me tomorrow at 4 o'clock
tomorrow perfect guys thank you so much
I was a super nice feedback feedback is
the bus
I like t5 and it's good when you are not
just saying things are good yeah but
like where we can improve so if you see
us on the street don't tell us that we
do good tell us what we can do better
yes always improve
Oh camera are you playing or I didn't
like the Casa oh I want to see that
sensory compared to that sensor oh yeah
yeah so I needed Oh shooting mature Oh
come closer for the hood it doesn't kick
it's a thing and this is way faster than
me as hustle Bob some know the one I
just brought in this whole thing here on
the nose cameras knows what hustle
blotters yeah okay okay if you were to
pick the food you're the husband blog
you can just walk out of the store with
them yeah and your Yanni boyfriend and
that's where you're going to shoot her
with no not a that Lauren's enough okay
if you get to pick one of them out big
booty that camera works better my camera
looks cool as hell you're a boss with it
yeah but if I'm trying to be a
professional team sensor so I guess they
call it a very similar but it's ways to
take the decision I think whenever we
take them up in a computer compare them
them both of time
everybody in the photo nice do we keep
the photos ready
perfect yeah we're trying to be all
anonymous here and we are bhakti Toronto
foreigner and now in the backstage or
take a deep air taking at the difference
on my skin tones oh you need one lens
one wide lens and then you can assume in
4,000%
evolve is it a skateboard just talk to
my cat background yeah okay for it
what's happening to skateboards no no
what happened again what's all Oscars
fault but what is instant
design a medium for my camera yeah we
entered three hours ago we closed the
show again
yeah they had enough business for today
so they could close to food I have
already had breakfast
furgus time yes lugar oscars like the
food expert yeah that's burger places in
soccer I'm crazy about her and this is
my new favorite oh yeah Marcus we have
monkeys also hey guys and market he's
like kind of like Oscars brother
photography but with more energy he's
gone at the wings for life world run
tomorrow as well so you beast weaken you
welcome to Rick and sons
oh you have to be delicious
good good good job always trust Oscar
when it comes to burgers yeah
Thank You Stan Oh children in the belly
right words along who is sexy
we create our own male time inside it's
a fuji motto I have no idea what it's
called GFX SIA medium format camera
1000% overkill to shoot Instagram
shelter Yanni so we opted for the Fuji
instead of the Hasselblad because
nothing blog was like really slow and
weird good-looking but weird yeah but
this has the same sensor 1 yeah once
again I don't know the technical details
I shoot stuff mmm I like it I like it
and which link did you get a 6 to 3 2.8
like I would just want to know what was
the price of the whole set every
thousand dollars Wow oh that's a good
afternoon
yeah I've done a lot of skateboard not
as good we saved money on the GH side so
we can enjoy this know that we bought
ugh 5 I'm just happy you're excited to
shoot more yeah I like that
but I've always said what's the point in
working hard and making money if you
don't use the money no you got to be
like a little smart but you also got a
enjoy mm-hmm this is our work you know
no battery with a thirst charger is
ready
where's out there we go look how cool it
looks old one new one
can't you tell that whoever has this is
a more important photographer than this
okay does anyone want to buy a Canon 5d
Mark for bring you brand new pretty much
yeah remember this morning we were
looking at medium format cameras on the
photo shoot we're like a medium format
yeah and now it's done
Oscar whenever you need a second angle
you know who to hire I shoot for burgers
okay we'll be back in a second monthly a
battery okay hold on listen yeah
award-winning National Geographic photo
right there I'm sure you guys don't
understand the excitement we have a
camera sound but we just kind of really
love it we're going to shoot with this
the next couple days then we're going to
get better at posting photos mm-hmm
because we've had a couple issues with
an updated Lightroom and new camera so
that exactly life goal check I've owned
a medium for my camera yes well done
ever since I've been a photo shoot do we
need light we got to make sure to end
the vlog surely er because otherwise
we're stuck with crap light and crap
light is bad on the good note we have a
few email addresses so we're going to
reach out to people to do to get some
questions for the next vlog we haven't
had time to contact people yet so next
vlog we'll have a today question yes and
it's amazing yeah but I think today's
been long enough and I think we can end
today it's been a good day with lots of
stuff happening and now we're going to
sort of organize her stuff because it's
a huge mess in here no little bit but
we're going to organize this anyway even
though it's not a mess and then we are
going to go to Telemark for the wings
for life world run tomorrow what are you
gay really fun you're going to be me and
I can shoot it in run with this if you
only know what else carry like the
amount he's laughing laughed at us for
like stuff that's like unnecessary but
like stupid things you're good you just
deserve this comparison between the
blah and the Fuji for three hours and
just looked at like the most stupid
details ever but we can really didn't
really love me but I support you soon as
you're happy shooting I support whatever
you guys yeah I'm real happy so life is
good and we might care about stupid
stuff but that's because precipitant
we're going to end today's log because
stupid it's not always bad look at us
we're sitting here with a lot of stupid
stuff and we wouldn't get this unless
you were stupid yes or we wouldn't have
been able to get it unless we're stupid
so today's lesson sometimes it's good to
be stupid in life be stupid
but that said ciao over and out from
King stupid and in Swedish oh yeah good
up hey Dora thrown Coco team at sauce
come on good nut kadosh a CD right
