good morning good know me you can see
look at this place look how thoughtless
it is we are on our way to jump in a cab
to Stockholm and my brother is sometimes
very critical I'm says I'm useless I'm
always late and I'm just a bad human
being go since these have work we try to
like really clean up the place and make
it nice no way I can't believe team
chaos clean up their mess it was about
time you learn what I said to you you
gotta say that I got a thank you for
cleaning up appreciate it
it was a few spots on the tour though
not sure but if I should be invoice you
for that but it was good having you and
for all you viewers I think I mean I
made the V log I keep saying V long but
it's Bob long I made the B log blog
better than it was before and I guess
all of you will miss me tell I'll be
back someday
somewhere someplace whenever there's me
flying that falls wholesome over now
good having you in order to team over
here Isuzu buckaroo it was great having
your haunts and let's plan more things
together because it's fun to hang out
with my brother especially since he's
kind of a character but now it's time
for us to put down this rag hopefully
yeah Hans was happy because we had a
taxi waiting outside so we gotta move
get our bags but carrying bags today is
not feeling that great because my ribs
are feeling pretty terrible because last
night we decided to walk to the top of
aura mountain so we have these like
really light ski switch skins on then
we're going to see if my ribs will enjoy
this little hike it's very mellow and
that will be okay I just can't sit still
that's so boring but it's the first time
for me in ski touring yet we have mr. go
it comfortable me and David we have a
long path we live together and had fun
at the ski Academy and then we built
jumped skied for a lot of years yeah so
I would say the David's probably would
say that you're the oldest friend that I
keep in touch with but today we're going
to hang out spend some quality time
together and just do like kind of
grown-up activities and walk up instead
of taking a helicopter or snowmobiling
110 years ago we would have an eagle II
taken the snowmobiles to the top make
the harmine in the bushes just from a
source until and Betty have you skied or
and never hopefully my ribs will stay
together I don't know how smart of an
idea that's this but
ready okay I was just saying like right
here here I had the rs6 BPM completely
stuck in the snow and we had to dig for
four or five hours to get it back on the
parsha what did you take it all the way
here
well I I thought it was like hard enough
to get up there so I took fools people
to smell the hood made it here that we
actually had the two snowmobiles coming
out bus didn't work and then we had the
snowcat they was just stuck let's begin
humanness the mountain climber Benny how
thick is this have you turned around and
look at what you're walking from look at
it life quality yep
I'd say this was a good idea for mr.
haunts yeah thank you all Thank You team
active chocolate is that from the
greatest or a chocolate factory in the
world
I'm gonna chocolate on the top of the
mountain in sunset are they okay oh this
is 1420 meters above sea level and we're
in good hands this david has been on the
top of this mountain the most out of any
person in the world the last 10 years if
there's 10 centimeters of snow the
people have found the snow on the
mountain and then made a great charge I
made it look like yours the best ski day
in the world you should follow david
says to grab your motivation on how to
live an active but yeah
look at this crazy summed up a lot of
questions it's the gh five-minute photos
I'm going to put a link below and you
can check out some photos then with your
today Oh everyday normal day in order
I'm so happy I know you know what we say
no speed is your friend here's a little
secret first time I got drunk in my life
it was down in that Valley and then
we're walking back and there's a bunch
of fresh snow I mean David we're like
hey let's just like walk up to the top
of water on the way back to the village
so we walked for like five hours just to
look at the self where the good times
that we did we're through and you still
have the same amount of energy to linear
Slater's but now my hand is frizzy all
No you can do it almost down nice why is
it supposed to be so painful for me you
say practice makes perfect
it's nice to ski with people that aren't
professional every once in a while to
remind you that practice doesn't make
perfect but we have like the best night
I've had in a long time and I'm sure you
understand what we're going to end today
here so that we can come back tomorrow
which will be today in the bog another
high five for today Benny you killed it
yeah
high five everybody let's do more of
this for sure
good initiative oh yeah very good job
thanks thanks so much
now let's jump back to tomorrow Hans
what did you do to me totally worth it
either way yeah you feel you like no
really
my legs are sore from yesterday voila
just like okay the worst part about ribs
is not having broken ribs it's like
watching Murray I carry in my bag it's
like a good thing Maria is way stronger
than I am anyway
thanks for help so nice Javier's going
to be so easy
I know one is going to be super
surprised when he's coming home super
happy good that pretty you can impress
your brother is a great day because that
is not easy
nah
there
is that everything
yes okay now we have one mission and one
mission O'Neil which is to go to the Fed
Ex Depot here at Arlanda because I have
a document I needed to send urgently but
you can send it for more and you know
when you need to send stuff like or
gently and you can't send it and you
have to send it it's frustrating yeah
it's like you just want it out of the
way that's the one of today
come on ups open is it closed I have
called the person I thought they're
coming cook this could be like nice can
we know what is inside yeah that's a
bunch of documents like our registration
annoying boring stuff you know the kind
of stuff you really don't want to deal
with and then you have to get it done
yet send as long have you been dealing
with this like forever
come on you piece perfect thank you okay
I'll get the mo Michael yeah done
sending papers to monocle
a nice 100 Europe no it's cheaper to fly
I'll wake you back tonight yes
turning fruit to miss Clarence
Hey
being localized throw a long time okay
perfect
this is my least favorite elevator to
shoot in ever because it has the
blinking light it's my favorite hotels
it's okay oh I feel like I've stayed in
this room every time oh ho I got a jump
on the computer I have too much work to
do me too
no sleep for the wicked nope nor your
work the more stuff you get done and
he's very interesting to see so
interesting too blue yeah
sleeping who's bowling resting and
sleeping is boring yeah but I wish I
would have rested last night because
walking to the top was a terrible idea
but what did you tell me just before you
had to do it again yeah I would probably
do it again like it was really nice up
there totally worth sucking on trying
new things we need some painkillers yes
and I need some relief they're killers
you should see his feet the fact that he
moved up is like that's trooper stuff I
think having a broken rib is even worse
no no not broken red you can chill with
every single step when you have a
bleeding blister on each foot like the
size of this yeah just like a kind of
hurts my feet it means he's tall let's
put it this way with Benny's blisters I
would have taken off my ski boots and
walk uphill barefoot in the snow
okay get organiz oh yeah yes let's put
the camera down for an hour or two so we
get some stuff done perfect
you know what the best thing is about
having four vlogs to be instead of seven
no this means that we have a little bit
of time over to actually think about
things we can do better with the vault
and we realize that we said we're going
to do a Q and a question of the day
every day but then every day so action
pipe that we kind of like forget about
it that doesn't mean we we don't want to
do it but we figured out that we can do
it better than we have in the past so
instead of just picking a random
question I think it's better if you guys
leave good questions then I look at them
and whatever I think is good questions I
will send you guys an email and then you
can just call me on skype and ask me the
question directly or ask us a question
directly that's a good idea
I think that's way more personal than
just reading a comment so if you want to
give me a call and like chat
face-to-face and then leave a good
comment I know if you guys think that's
a good idea
it's way more fun than you know see
who's asking the question yeah
so come on below and we will pick
whatever's good shoot you an email and
connect that way but with that said I
think you know the Sun is about to set
we munched in a bit of a croque monsieur
this is super you but now I am kind of
tired to be honest that hike last night
was a bit energy draining but absolutely
fantastic that's something we should do
a lot more since we are tired I say that
we say ciao and we will see you guys the
day after tomorrow I hope you succeed so
in Swedish we were together but this
that we also do so norske veritas Luther
Bob Hope on any level or gonna be a
fantastic Telugu or MDMA enjoyed on the
new of a postman tree or the etc sharra
nigga better go get another so the hush
ya tomorrow ciao ciao I didn't get
anything
