really really are you really outside in
this icy temperature what are you doing
on the car sir come on you were showing
as fast about she's planned to help more
furniture but you know his little
brother can also do some things and
stuff you know like look at this thing
the sounds got a pop any minute now it's
just around the corner you know look
behind ice like and you're like this is
the view is nice
wait your forgot to say good morning
good morning
yeah this is a beautiful morning just
below zero degree you can look at us to
see kind of the actual temperature yeah
we've been trying to figure out what we
should do like now we're cruising save
you when I have my shoes oh look at the
wind nobody is in our mom coming to cut
our hair yeah yeah my my ribs are not
getting any better so we're trying to
figure out what to do in the coming week
because I had a plan yeah
to train for the wings for life world
run on Sunday and calamar yeah like
train running really hard now it's gone
well we're following the launch program
yeah we're coming soon outside twelve
and a half minutes hold on I kind of
want to go to somewhere warm okay nice
because I'm actually not used to the V
load life but it's getting me my nerves
you know it's always like I can't go
have a breakfast and I have to be there
good morning
Oh a bit of The Naked program for like
two weeks in my house but that's not
appropriate Laura it out
I say we start the day by cutting our
hair and then once we cut our hair I'm
sure we'll look smart be smart and
figure out what to do
don't work kids my mom would always cut
her hair saving budget so that we could
go skiing more you're going straight up
to do national water water I decide what
they should be do we have an old photo
home in the golden box of course we have
yeah here's an old photo when Monica
decided what to do
beautiful right happy that's getting
better I mean I don't look good you know
I feel like I cut my hair like a couple
weeks ago although it was Tommy washer I
know that was way longer ago I get a lot
of questions today's question what kind
of hair waxy I don't ever ever wash my
hair with shampoo I just said that's
disgusting
no other thing is with hair once you
stop shampooing it it like stops
producing a lot of degrees yes and Yanni
has to reassured me that there's nothing
wrong with the hygiene on my hair it is
my turn to work on my handsomeness stop
stop
I think this is my job
Oh
feels good you did a good job
pretty good huh thank you on sending
let's go overload I'm hungry anyway
hungry very time to eat now it's time to
eat oh how does this law look fresh and
clean so we are now arriving to the
copra hotel welcome to copra meal Oh
copper hell oh wow to be personable with
all that oh I must say we have been here
for five days we have had the
possibility to join the group and be
with the young people and we have have
so many laughs we have had a good time
here and now we're ending these days
with great hamburger french fries oh
love can't be better you have the word
to say Bon Appetit
Malcolm open smoking working perfectly
dry Cali no overspeed yeah no feelings
no feeling I'm an old police officer
playing on unit we always go fast you're
always in a horrible you taught me
everything I know when it comes to
gumball
okay okay
good luck enjoy yeah we see you later
what okay so the plan now is Hannes and
Marie yeah they're going to go and
touring up a mountain and then Benny
said he's never been on an ice before
and of course smart as we are we're
going to go onto the ice that's about to
start melting this yeah this is a
recommendation from Hans to bring
fantastic plan to walk onto a melting
ice when you're broken week this is such
a terrible plan
this crack yeah it is Tim no problems
one key that's scary
like we used to be on this lake with
Norville and when I was opening we'd go
across the water we went up the upstream
come now the water with Stovall oh I'd
like all the facts I'd be totally
confident if it wasn't for the fact that
the water at the top of the lake has
increased by 200 meters in 24 hours
inside this is gonna see how thick it is
so I give me the camera run over there
and I'll shoot a long lens one yeah
you see what I'm seeing
I see what you're seeing and what do you
seen inside this I know they're like
doing something else
no they're putting like the boat in and
then there's like this like I hope
they're not good for maybe because I was
rock it seemed to be looking at us
yeah soon I don't know do you see anyone
else up here no I didn't see anybody
else
they are coming straight this way with
like a rescue boat really like we should
wave that we were finally maybe because
they stood there was like trying to
suicide because I was jumping high and
trying to lend the flag bad like come in
if I was seeing this one from the house
or something I would be like freaking
out like this guy's going to I saw
people like fishing yesterday I think we
my did trouble by funko just wanted to
grab an Instagram photo yeah that's it
like no problem they are coming to us
and there is two fire trucks it's
nothing hello hello oh now you there
let me tell it's old news and you think
you are much more born horrible reason
for Auggie's but you are just a non died
and the odds are long
we saw victory by dealing and on
Manhattan door spoonski
add stupid stuff in my life now I never
had a rescue operation no and this is
the first one yeah from Tom and Frances
like I've never been on the frozen lake
supporters yeah all this time I've been
seeing the frozen lake for a few days
that we're here and I was like we should
go we should connect people with the
four-wheel motorcycle oil bike over
there and I was like yeah we should walk
on it sorry
now inside poke I'll try to keep the
first one on the controller so if I'm a
bad ideas this is the most random thing
that's happened to be in a very long
time so this tops all randomness in
every category one car two cars three
cars fine
Hey well I think today that we can leave
for a 10 out of 10 yeah on when it comes
to emergency situations on the lake
yeah well done ara but unless you want
to feel as awkward as we did I suggest
that norm walks on the lake at this
point yeah even though we saw quad
wheelers and people fishing the other
day
all right let's spend a Hans reaction we
are not going to believe what happened
here's one fire truck through fire truck
three four
what's so funny what would you do then
oh they're running for us they're coming
look they're cold thank you ladies so
we're standing out here I'm like it
really looks like they're coming for us
like they say go find somebody on in the
middle of the lake laughs we made the
news no way because I'm such a people
living at the or legs saw kids playing
on the ice and called 9-1-1 the fire
fire kind of the primitive j-integral on
one guy swish and the other guy was a
thin not so good good-looking french guy
very before we do anything else that
might be interpreted as danger I say
that we end today say good night and
then we're gonna order
ah ah supersorrell podracers yeah so I
just want to say that I am super happy
this best have to get both of you are
safe we were enough super sure that we
should be the middle go huh
so good night for more and sees much so
