and welcome to today's extra vlog
because today we have a new product that
we want to show off the map eCare look
at this thing first thing I know people
like drones so first thing I guess
everyone is wondering how is this
size-wise compared to the mapping Pro on
this part we got all three there there
and here here we have the spark we have
the Medicare and the Mavic Pro these two
have controllers here this one we don't
have a controller for but you see the
size difference when these are folded up
the Mavic air is actually smaller than
the spark and then if we fold them out
to dig-dig-dig
how nice is this display table on this
ribbon thank you so we have a look at
the size here you have the spark super
small but you can't fold in the legs um
the Mavic air you can fold in the legs
and the Mavic Pro that can also fall in
lengths but clearly this thing is very
small there that's nice this is a small
drone yeah so it means that these are
really small then you come down so when
it comes to the gimbal we have a two
axis gimbal on this guy which still
works very good you have a three axis on
this guy mm-hmm and three axis yeah and
then let's have a quick look at the
battery size so sport battery Mavic air
battery Matic pro battery nice it's
pretty small yeah that that's the cool
thing with this this little guy here
it's they managed to pack
pretty much everything they had in the
Mavic pro into something this small even
more yeah even more so I think it's a
good thing to run a couple numbers so we
can compare the specs on the different
ones because I keep thinking that's what
everyone's curious about mm-hmm so if we
start with price 650 euros 850 euros
that's the standard packet and then if
we move over to quality the Matic pro
shoots 4k at 30 frames per second and
the Mavic air also shoots 4k at 30
frames per second mm-hm
where's the spark shoots thingy in 30
frames per second that's it so thematic
air shoots 120 frames per second slo-mo
in full HD yeah that doesn't wear as
thematic shoots 96 frames per second we
don't use it as much because we want to
get the 4k the maximum quality out of it
but it's still cool to be able to have
the 120 it's kind of crazy the Medicare
also shoots 2.7 K in 60 frames per
second mm-hmm where's the Matic Pro
shoots 2.7 K in 30 frames per second
it's actually better on paper shooting
not that this is something this small
can be better and they don't understand
that but it doesn't end there
the Mavic air has a bit rate of a
hundred megabit per second where's the
MAV accrue a 60% so it's better so on
paper this should have the higher
quality camera which is pretty unreal in
terms of speed again 68 km/h 65 faster
and this bark flies at 50 km/h okay they
all have split smooth yeah yeah all
sports night now we're talking sports
more maximum speed and then in terms of
rage 2 kilometer 4 kilometer and 7
kilometer so the bigger guy still has
the longer range but I don't think we've
flown over three kilometers ever so I
don't really care about that but I guess
the main question is is the Mavic air
good enough to challenge the Matic pro
because that's what we are interested in
so here is a little bit of a Bureau that
was shot with the Mavic air over the
last couple days you tell us does this
look ok
so our conclusion after having tested
this for a week is that it shoots the
identical picture that's good if not
even better than the Mavic pro it's the
difference in flying comes when it is
windy the bigger Mavic pro will still be
a little better but if we were to pick
one drone to travel with the size of
this thing
would probably make it our choice of
travel drone if we went to a place where
we were gonna shoot drones all day long
and just your drones
we'd pick this but when you travel with
a lot of camera gear size is important
so you wouldn't even know that I'm
carrying a drone and then sometimes when
you shoot drones it's nice to have
something that small that kind of looks
like a toy because people are they don't
care as much which is nice so that is
our kind of first review of the Mavic
air and I hope that it gave some insight
we are gonna fly this tested a lot more
but first direction is that it's
incredible how something this small can
be this good and if you're thinking
about getting a spark or a Medicare or a
40 Matic pro unless you fly a lot this
is a winner and if you really want like
the smaller thing then this is good but
I'd pick this don't that was our little
bonus video from today I hope you guys
liked it and yeah very very very very
recommended so now it's time to get back
to action and do our normal board yeah
I'll see you real soon
