well good morning good morning again I
don't know I'm dealing with team chaos
here they have no control over their
equipment they're running late I'm
tuning their skis I'm picking up their
bag some getting his jackets holding his
keys you can is a good more enough
because it's do also well we brought up
to speed
due to spandex you start again without
me yeah okay now I have her everything
so good morning or am I too late no we
are back again with probably now that I
hear how I see it is the biggest
challenge so far we have dual forum
today and I can hear just just going and
I can feel my body healing like a train
ran over I'm gonna be so it's going to
be a very very tough day there's blood
coming our way but I do think that the
most important thing would reach a
success in anything baby moving really
you know like when I was like I'm going
to be a free stuff gear but you can't be
that of course then there is reality but
until you get your ass kicked
you have to believe that anything is
possible alright two keys
get ready get this body moves you warm
up and then you can enjoy huh whoo look
at that what is this little kill the
glove this boron how it was so cold
without those it
these have my logo on them ah it's nice
nice and fresh everything out of the
books is good like these both this is
going to help you know well we can't
blame equipment if you're brand new just
sign on your outside speed and go for
one that has been near destruction just
fear 10 years old if it's simple keep it
simple just go for it
Wow nah please get that I know when I
got pregnant ready for today Mike you
got it you got it
yes so as always every morning team
spreads super high let's hope that it'll
see that way a little longer today ready
Thomas what up but I'm nervous no you're
no but like nervous excited exactly move
a little nervous runner like consider
the tension heavy feel great you look
great you guys are looking great what
happened also I straddled second
date like straddle I got the gate then
between my legs
like seriously seriously okay but I'd
rather straddle don't suck traveling at
least means that you're going for it
Oh
hey okay I'm alive one aggress together
ugly that's all that matters I'm like
I'm in the fountain like I'm okay
crashing eating like this is
wearing ourselves way better than Justin
Trudeau near the blue course these are
slower or go but like straddling I
traveled to other three runs like a
little star the duels over
now we all go there we go and we regroup
and I don't know about training protocol
how my hand hurt life or life is okay
but body I just kind of wonder what I'd
part in my back but the good thing is
that the back plane had this morning
that's completely gone much worse
yeah I should maybe go see a doctor and
figure out what I did when I fractured
my back in three places
yeah it took me two weeks before I went
and saw a doctor needing help they've
been laughing at me one last little bit
cinnamon roll in candy and like
everything is I'm going to try to heal
myself with that lay down and eat sugar
this is good
I don't know it took a hard fall so
normally doesn't complain but I'm not
sure how it's like a grandma walking up
the stair yeah eat the cinnamon roll and
put one under your back and lay down on
it
but the bad thing is it gets worse every
20 minutes dr. Holmes cannot diagnosis
for your back oh okay that hurts is it
okay like it's like inside here and I'm
enrolled in the Brady woman as a
medicine
yeah good medicine or warm holy to
doctor
everybody says they like the Lord's
because they're positive always say
positive it's okay
have a cinnamon roll when you're down
okay nope nothing funny hmm
it's a rim to it yeah when you can't
laugh little ray there or I give it up
for Chris Foreman disguise
how are you feeling today hmm
you need feeling good but I think we
have a couple cracked ribs here in the
team oh yes and I'm bombed like it looks
so fun with the cross-country even
though it's going to be deadly but I was
trying to open the fridge last night and
I had to switch hands when opening the
fridge no way this is my replacement my
feeling today now I hope you feel better
you got so nervous on a side of like
you're gonna have to take my son cuz
there's no way Honda really do you want
me get some lift
you are my max Kinect flex yes did you
that's how much I could turn my name so
we have ribs cracked and neck from Mike
with lash and you know the worst part
about this no the absolute worst is that
the worst thing you can do when you
crack your ribs it's laughing and one
said that watching this last year was
the funniest thing he's ever seen the
high level of competition just completed
wow that's some serious five points okay
don't laugh don't laugh oh my god okay I
gotta go warm up oh come on
good luck
that was good very nice lid on super
happy with that you know like okay that
bad no no you look drawing you're good I
see those guys yeah over there that's
the pew concur over there I was looking
down and there's four guys on their
knees next to each other all puking I
don't think it's going to be the last
trip of the day line man Oh pull it off
well comment on oh the Lion Man it's so
simple I call me and oh boy
ah waiting for Dubois in the final of
for doing lately or for what Warriors
law I'm highly impressed
I guess before we leave everything we
got to conclude the weekend hope we can
burn up with you very very tough weekend
you guys ended it on a good note I
defended it as a coach on the sidelines
now you guys be great I was proud being
a team member but I think if we do it
next year there needs to be a bit of
training involved because the level of
this event with all the World Cup skiers
in all disciplines yeah I did not really
I thought it was just like in front of
them with tourists and we were then we
would rule the weekend everybody is
young and fast strong powerful I don't
get hurt when it falls
either way the super fun weekend very
humbling weekend mixed emotion oh well
it's fun to be up here now I'm going to
try to make it down without breaking my
back oh the only question now is is it
cinnamon roll time I think it is I need
the rehabilitation sugar in my blood me
too but for other other broken reasons
how you feeling
pretty good for cross-country skiing was
close upon him
I'm proud yeah like he was going uphill
my god oh no crush like that it was
painful now we're in that zone 3qo I'm
critical the rehab of the body self off
celebrating a successful weekend with
the family of some soul which is
currently the famous since for a church
guy which one you know the one
assaulting the mitla
I can't give it up for kids for beryl
d'shannon s guy
mousie hi
the nation keep me and leash you say
bye-bye thank you for a great dinner
always our pleasure having mom over to
Sonic bye-bye
are you drinking all that beer again for
my friends okay perfect drink
responsibly Jojo the chief and George ah
how's the chief doing pretty good
sitting in my new lounge furniture which
you didn't help me build up I felt a
little broken
well considering the sun's about to go
down it's actually not that nice that it
looks but I'm trying to make oh it's a
little cold to be honest but and and
look at this new bird blueberry
chocolate ice cream on my shirt but
that's okay because now we are going to
say good night for today and we'll check
back tomorrow with hopefully a body
that's less broken and with less
challenges where we can face defeat we
might have suffered defeat in the Skeel
but we did spend a weekend together with
the family like we've done enough we've
done enough sports in our life where we
have had a medal but we haven't spent
enough time with the family true so
still very very good but it's more fun
of it
anyway but yeah it's okay it's okay
all right yeah the house I have a house
would you rather not have a house and
win probably so with that we're going to
leave today because we apparently we're
about maturing at a time soon so we'll
check back tomorrow hopefully with less
stains on our shirts and with the plan
what to do in the next couple weeks do
you want to say goodbye hello look who's
not good enough just remember CD at the
airport three days ago
can I say goodbye I Drive a sick of the
v-log life it's all the time 24 hours
okay for five minutes see a fire oh sure
child
