good don't worry for you haven't met me
from yesterday's be log I am you know so
younger brother they're more successful
the more good-looking the more I don't
know something but this is my house and
it's not the camera house it's not to
become large it's gonna be I don't know
a Swedish house we are about to head to
the Mogul race for the first event for
the four days ski race competitions call
or a ski finals it's gonna be mogul
skiing ski cross
- OH
and cross country Steve
buildings jet-lagged I'm here I'm ready
let's go good
it doesn't know we already did that
are you guys ready we are as ready as we
will ever be for mogul skiing and we
have Maria air no Mary is Hans
girlfriend and he is a pretty decent
skier as well trying to be Italy no she
is a how many World Cup podiums yet I
don't know I know I have to list races
okay she has enough World Cup podiums to
not know how many now I think that says
it all yeah I didn't finish school so
I'm not so good at counting that's why I
said make it look good how does your
body feel
oh this for this is for all people
skiing moguls ski mogul skiing is like
the worst thing you could possibly do
for your back
ready not sure team overkill from Mura
Sweden you 9 times X Games medals
Scandinavian big-mountain freeskiing
Channel and a skiing legend consoles on
move us with 18 times national champion
in alpine ski the only males to ever
podium on a World Cup double base and
earthlings
Junior World Champion mogul ski seven
times Scandinavian big-mountain
freeskiing and 2008 the best free skier
in the world
hold on show me you found it from the
Swedish Cup 99 as they have in time
theta plus honesty in this one yes it is
this year this is our team look who we
have the big boss after you said your
biggest wish was to see Vinicius
I'm hopeful everybody said that that's
the number one thing we need to do this
year I hope that will come true and I
survived the moguls we're going skiing
after that nervous yes very average
exactly no problem
just go for it yeah come on horn Oh
nervous I've had a bad break on your own
core and I wonder about the other one ah
as we said it's only a competition for
fun
go on that we have no problem only
choreography no blood leg back okay
I'm gonna go up all right I'll see in a
sack
ah
Oh
I'm tired no I chose to practice our
unperfect
and then we are not competitive people
we can't handle pressure yeah but that
was what if occasion it is time to head
up for the actual elimination duel
moguls operation damage control hogs
sorted this event is supposed to be a
hundred percent fun and not caring but
as soon as there is a contest it's like
black let's turn on the block and like
try to move on yeah there goes better
you will why can't you work and to death
let's do enjoy keep the water on
hello ginger snake
no that was pretty awesome not like you
hardly know why right you joy
sorry all the time I love you
but if you don't yet you know but oh
well that turns out that speed is
important and overall right now it's the
final so that's how you supposed to ski
moguls not like we did our team is off
to the worst possible start ever what's
alright it's sunny it's nice and I'm
mature enough to realize that regrouping
for tomorrow's you cross to them you
remember your energy this morning we
need that back
I know it's just a Morgan event give me
some chocolate I need some sugar or
something oh so it turns out the Olsen
families do not like to feed so we are
now out for some training we have a
master coach up here and the nutrition
team spirit leader here oh yeah and then
we have the two professional
cross-country skiers as you can see we
have next year's gear we have everything
we need but I just had a scone so you
put the skis on so I think we need to
chase me and we were just talking about
it the last time we were on
cross-country skis together as a family
how many years ago was that 25 years ago
I know we've worked builders when you
tried years ago I think if we 25 years
ago and and it started with me crying in
the car because I wanted to go see
Alpine Skiing and then eventually I came
along and then Holmes broke his ski in
the middle and we has no stuck
underneath the skis
that's the thing it was a legendary
cross-country tour that ended our
careers for 25 years yes but now we're
back so quick quick little practice here
and we'll be back tomorrow it thinks
that we are probably better
and we are back they - just made the
close vacation here in skier cross and
we had another embarrassing result NOLA
Kendrick front flip them like lucky I
landed in an uphill jump 21st in your
temple night and hopefully we can do
better than yesterday
there we are we're not going to
hopefully get better I'm positive
oh yeah good oh yeah how you have to do
that's the horse realize the Iron Man
why run their Idol something on
sirs ago it came time and wind snow no
mercy I feel the whole storm
don't go about the same particle
Hey finally your run where we're not
eliminating it right off which is good
god my back though that's like such a
body killer title draw okay my height 1
title ah yeah totally suck you go out in
the first on come on on most of all come
on halsy can be happy for the rest of
the day yeah owes me for these yeah all
good brah already moving on the first
round you keep on going in tongues on
the course or they were hiding when I
was mistaken good places now there's
nothing to me no I am in fact how they
have succeeded to go forward we were
saying that why came down you guys are
hiding over there they didn't want to
like be here in case we lost but now
we're okay yeah you know you're okay and
I can stand here yeah come on in come on
Oh what up and what a something happens
I'm just thinking bad
usually you say we win together we lose
together so far we lose together we lose
together it's so fun with Kieran's I
love it
picking TV can we have like a imaginary
meeting that came up through have to
leave now like the feeling when you lose
I'd rather like he'll do a front-flip
and break my arm that would feel bad
already
you pushed the feeling of defeat for the
longest today
hello Dean sucking life is tough being a
former or becoming a former professional
- yeah - maybe you should expend all
your daily things combined you wonder
when I do it all look back joy I can
feel the question 15 yeah we'll take a
three-hour break till I come back
reporter
and Benji the cross-country skiers ready
no your first time on toast country skis
yeah and first time on skis for more
than five years
perfect we figured that we're going to
turn everything around positively now we
have come to terms with the fact that
we're not promo go skiers or skier cross
skiers so we're going to go out and
practice a little bit but to give you
guys a better feel of what we're going
to experience on Sunday we dress penny
up so we're going to see how that feels
yes and then Benny can tell you how it's
going to be for us on Sunday
I already feel how difficult it is all
right let's just kick things off right
away and see if you can make it down
that way Wow nice not bad right that's
good buddy's gonna kill it there it is
the fine Frenchman now comes to
challenge for Benny to go up a course
similar to what we're doing on Sunday
it's like a hundred and fifty meters
uphill and then turning people back down
and we'll see how his breeding is after
that look at that professional mr. Han's
it looks so easy huh yeah I want to do
the same
No
so am I supposed to go up and turn him
down yeah you're supposed to make it up
to there yeah and then just come down
with control
razors ready five seconds nope all right
Benji turn around go down
it is so slippery oh here comes razor
dad yeah
nice yeah I felt better today yes really
a big change to the better so I'm
impressed
yeah that's when I maybe on Sunday I
will keep my whole jacket on I don't
know about a gold jacket but call the
surviving on Sunday I must say I'm
impressed from from Benjamin and you can
see that he's been a good skateboarder
yeah very good balance this is not easy
no it's not like Benji is like one of
the guys that I know that can just try
anything and it works yes fantastic I
love the long hair look - so I wish had
long hair like that alright Benny you
ready for two kilometers two kilometers
yeah but it's nice and flat up there
there's no more uphill so we're gonna
just take a little 2 kilometer afternoon
cruise yes oldest Lea no this is not in
the Sun yeah the kind of stuff that you
guys always ask Mike you want to come
okay yeah now we are up skiing now we're
doing it yes to forget about today's ski
cross thing we look forward for tomorrow
yeah I just thought it was good at it
yeah we do always believe in yourself
until proven otherwise
yeah it was a good luck yeah
honest how much to all my speech you say
they're all the way down I couldn't turn
this too steep I loved your break good
job and they laid it all the way down
topsoil where's your junk yeah
the in wisteria sequential the people
know we were coming over that and then
on a few people and he decides to break
like family on Ross goes back again
should really post us
oh yeah we're back again perfect sure
too beautiful for me I should take a
thumbnail like this yeah let's see how
let's grab one for sure okay that's a
good moment there did we get the shot
yes we go done sophistic well I think
then it's time that we should end
today's vlog on such a perfect no we got
to go see you yes yeah let's just
remember this from today and then the
rest is just forgotten right yeah and we
wish you both good luck tomorrow
yes we're gonna need it yeah oh yeah
what is we have an event Saturday Sunday
the next video will be on Monday instead
of Sunday so make sure to check back on
Monday and hopefully we'll have some
positive videos by them and you're going
to see us compete in cross-country
skiing so easily be funny yeah they do
so here's actually covered in hot I
bring my golden jacket so you're gonna
win it
maybe you should end the video blog
thanks for a nice day and thanks for
being with you that's always a pleasure
hi chuckling bye-bye why hey Doc
