you
oh I can't believe it's time to go
already no any honest term stay here
because she's gonna cube on Sunday what
an idea
okay late night yeah but how it all come
to the cold in so cool no yeah we're not
going to Stockholm we're just gonna land
and keep going yeah ah what good morning
Krista moaning all right so we have a
cab in like 30 minutes and I'm gonna go
jump in the water one last time and just
get a couple laps underwater before we
get on the long flight and then I'm
going to make out with Yanni for like 25
minutes of the remaining 30 ready there
sporty but it's a little cool it's like
not perfectly Sonic what's up ballet
what's what's the perfect time that's me
we gotta get warm right check with you
know we should put down this no I'm
doing work emails yeah right I am
refreshing stories no Rebecca fella
did you watch Micah job online yes I
have what do you think I liked it if you
want to check out the UNECE code should
upload oh yeah that's where our guy show
the right corner yes
it took that took me a good like 50
bucks to figure out which corner it was
are you sure you guys are leaving today
we're doing Santa Barbara yeah we're
gonna go meet my brother now I go ski
with my dad yeah yeah pretty one yeah
dad we're gonna go shred shred the north
we need to be there next time okay now I
got to get in here because the cab is
like going to come free soon yeah we
should book a cap and maybe a flight to
tour as well push me yeah yeah if you
really want to okay three two one go
Oh rally back yeah figures nothing
better than that a couple laps before a
long flight we woke up watching Riley do
a workout out here yeah I don't get
after it and I was like struggling with
a thumbnail and name and I'm like God I
wanted to be swimming is good my scripts
do tempest up slim yeah quicker jump
again good morning come on okay what
walks again hop come on ah
Oh is so tiring when you don't have
oxygen you can't fear trying to push up
a good job we should have done this
every day
okay sexy sexy sexy quick quick or to
LAX so nine nine minutes it's not bad
yeah they're all rich for or are you
ready in nine minutes seven minutes away
I got a shower no no no why no I was
hoping over one show up no this just
leave no nothing so good finally we get
rid of these weirdos okay yes he just is
a lot like number 19 that we will come
to you soon
yes you should okay I'm going my money
bye are you staying here picking up okay
ja so good because we can come back yeah
we can always come back you always been
variety in life alright thank you so
much
thank you bye perfect thank you love how
are you today
we're wonderful how are you I'm very
well waiting for you to come to the
round perfe just to let you know that we
don't make 49 now Spencer this is the
first time in here no was it here today
welcome back okay thank you very listen
to me wow that looks thick hi thank you
so much what are we doing we were
throwing control the more time really
then we like choke or everyone a good
name in Airlines like nod that happens
me yeah another's line now it's okay
good okay over there
Vegas is have fun - I wrote a song and I
am your captain we want to wish you a
very welcome aboard never 3:30 on first
off of all of them and I'm very blessed
you
we left this at home and we made it a
sweeter the super nice flight I didn't
get much sleep but us a fool three hours
I got 20 minutes of sleep no wait
meaning that we left midday from LA and
arrived midday in Sweden so it's going
to be a very very very long day for me
yeah good look but it was nice it was
really nice to have a good long flight
and just relaxing watch a couple movies
now we're going to try to find our next
flight and then jump on that info I do
or and see my brother hanging out with
him I'm just thinking has he been on the
board since we started the last year I
don't think so building two but he's way
funnier than I am so like he's going to
make the floor much better because I'm
not funny
then of course skiing with my parents
going to be awesome yeah I like flying
too when I fly to the states I think
it's so easy to fly over but when I fly
back I think jet LAG's way worse but the
good thing with our current vlog setup
is that we can now shoot our whole trip
instead of just half the trip and then
starting a new day so now it's like
start to finish in one blog yeah which
is something we haven't done flying back
to the states that's sweet
thank you I was about to lose everything
from the later yeah and then I saved you
otherwise it would have been like I was
wrong holding down here a friend's
bowling balls I'm flying yeah you ready
oh one last fight of the day then whoa
don't scare me
they're never gonna go hang with my
brother Bonjour jul good more do I get
to get to do the official good morning
good morning in shower and every little
we already thought it didn't work
officially my brother haw
I haven't been on the deal okay no no I
was just thinking like heaven we met in
the last year I I asked you had the talk
this morning but I haven't met them here
that is terrible
good to meet you yeah now we're going to
hang out crush this competent the
question is are you still horns lion man
all to be the lion man but I don't know
I'm in office for Timo we might have to
look through a couple logs do it yeah to
kind of more properly interest has been
given back yeah that'd be me guy so mark
of alized holy selling a location for
fuck you see I am Hans Laird Hamilton
awesome lion man and I'm the man today
keep on I wish I had a name that sweet
Oh ready to fight
this is the other songs I
so please found something I don't know
like it's we have all these videos of
him doing keep link I'm the weird guy
but I'm actually kinda normal
well you were no longer like normally
you to put the Instagram account down
there don't do that on me please cuz I'm
people gonna Instagram below you tell
them to do more video that's the rule
all of them like I have a serious job
I'm trying to be like a grown-up here at
least one of us just growing up we are
up here to do ski event basically a
bubble we're going to win them you said
you thought it'd be are we gonna win
okay I'm getting more more companies
will explain the whole event tomorrow
what is that for them but there's a lot
of stuff that we are not good up on whew
mmm
like a lot of it challenges to the other
oh oh yeah don't go to them but no Steve
I just figure we go to or and have ski
Sonora
I have ski I figure I got mom and mom
and dad are coming as well so I got them
to bring the original helmet what was
the last time you Nora when was it
probably a year ago but now we are back
in beautiful young blonde in Sweden
your hometown in hometown possibly also
on perspective exactly also also this is
no car sarcoma this is Casa would a week
send attended I still a party and open
her up okay so when you get in take off
your shoes okay there's no eating in the
sofa no eating a longing in the sofa oh
that's rules all of you it's mountain
you thought only Costas mountains when I
go first is actually really like this is
the master bedroom others younger more
successful brother of you know secures
their nice I like when I want you to
live in Austria yet they're super nice
apartments that I could just come in and
use and stay it yeah and now we have a
place in order to as you can see I was
blessed with the body that I've dealt
with my whole life this duo swarm out
that this is the Mogul outfit so
tomorrow first event up a mogul skiing I
can't remember last time with you moguls
even pretty I got to get my helmet and
everything mom and dad when are they
calling later this evening it's so fun
to do a ski event where you are doing
events where you really don't know what
you're doing yeah and right now
everything feels like a big big big
challenge because I'm so tired I was
asking once if I could sleep that six
o'clock to me sexy I couldn't so now I
take tardy fun expect to have some
moving people watching I just saw you
should get something from this no but I
think we should add today's vlog air
we've we've been shooting for what 30
hours yes that's a long log ladies and
gentlemen I didn't justice a good
morning you know doing it so yeah you do
the whole clothing is all on you okay
folks BASF Swedish in there in Sweden
that's where a label some Swedish okay
thank you
we're about to watch some action it's
going to be mogul skiing ski cross you
will Salam and cross-country skiing and
I'm gonna be in
you
