Oh
now we can say good morning Emily that
was a bit tired this morning I I have
slept better in the last like yes since
I got to the US than I have in the past
year like normally I go to bed and I
could spend five six hours not falling
asleep now I've been going to bed like
BAM sleeping yes so maybe it's the new
vlog setup that makes me sleep which is
like ting ting but what isn't ding-ding
is that they don't serve their burritos
here in the weekend
no so coffee its peddlers force and now
we're going to go to Starbucks and get
some breakfast yes I really want to like
support peddler's fork but if they don't
have breakfast we can't buy breakfast
alone the weekend comes that light come
on it's like 7:30 on a Sunday like why
are people not awake my wing we woke up
the dog Oh take our dogs good morning
all right where is Marley oh ho yo ho oh
wow
you lighting what I'm seeing yes I see
what you see Vince I just realized a bit
of backstory on why I think I love
swimming underwater because me and Riley
and Richard the anyth dad we were all in
Hawaii and Riley drilled down and then
go through this like rock cave and then
Richard goes down and at that point I
was like I hated swimming underwater and
I show them swim down and doing them
like I have well if they do it I have to
do it so then I went down and did it and
I think that's where I'm like oh I want
to get better at this so that's kind of
probably why I like this even though the
the rock caves way cooler than the
shallow pool trying to make records with
speedo so tell your fault Riley that I'm
like smooth good and welcome if anyone
hates all the swimming in the vlog
due to each channel and complain exactly
okay so one challenge before lunch let's
see if we can hold our breath for two
minutes underwater and then swim back
and forth one minute
132 minutes
I kidding what a minute 20 yeah oh I
thought oh my god seems too easy for
Betty yeah we're gonna go and enjoy some
runs bikini and apron and fresh food it
would be wrong
so can a devotion brings it down
no chow-chow you can pull your classic
are you ready for the IPO
are you ready for the hike of your life
yeah we figured we take a little
afternoon walk and like move our asses
around a little bit then I know this
really good spot shot the Mavic video up
there so stunt road Calabasas here we
come we bump road so funny I mean
marches were up here first we like got
here checked it out climbed up once to
the top and then came back yours later
for the sunset yeah so we spent like a
whole day right up here sorry I had a
bit of Taco Bell I was hungry
ready we are as ready as will be and
here is my brother and here is
Christina's was Krista crispy and we got
to name this thing to Rho buddy we have
George the roll yeah Robbie the robot
all right everybody meet Robbie not only
is gonna come for a hike with us nice to
meet you last time we walked up to the
top of this mountain was like the
smallest drone ever made and now we're
upgrading
you know the way somewhere up here yeah
cuz over there is where I had to look
for the drone that's when you crushed no
now there's no more trail now it's
off-piste
oh it's the trail oh yeah but doesn't
take us anywhere fun because places up
there that was a guide yeah
are you ready slow the hike over yeah
that's the tracks here jack yeah yeah
these are the rooks yeah then you come
up and you walk on like the top of the
rocks and it's really cool ah ah but how
are we gonna get down yeah we slip and
slide and that if you fall down like
imagine when you think you have a
burning drone and you're in the dark
turn the run down here where we shot the
Mavic video we're two drones and one of
them was prototypes that didn't have a
camera we're flying blind like super far
away and then somehow me and Marcus
managed to hit each other with a drone
the water like we're so only one class
yeah we're like no we gotta get the
prototype so we're like running from the
top it's like pretty much darker Eddie's
we're running down here and then I found
it ooh okay and this is how we do I was
just asking do you want to chill here
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and show me the
camera I'm gonna run up there okay are
you ready baby yeah no gone count to
three come on
you got it you got it you got it
you want to go up to that rock
no don't I can feel your belt yeah you
are not old enough probably the robot
Rob you still obsessing % battery you
can do it hope you did good today yeah
boy yeah Robbie needs such a good friend
without Robbie we wouldn't be able to
show you this beautiful sunset no ok boy
I'd say we run so we don't like run in
the dark and I'm sure girls are real
happy already there it's so nice yeah
yeah it was like the most beautiful
sunset up there I've ever seen
yeah definitely look I'm a Mavic video
you can clearly see that this is not
like a real hike so this caught Yanni
in action not even looking at in my
vlogs lying like a bird of a new idea
dance dance dance dance yeah yeah yeah
well that's kind of what it sounds like
overshot it but apparently the mic
decided not to work so we're standing in
here and doing a bit of a commentary on
ourselves we made it whoo we're at the
bottom it's all dark hello caller I see
it where I can't see it I guess you yeah
I see it
Oh get that out of my face it's so
bright that it's so bright but we made
it all the way to the bottom which is
awesome and it's so nice to be here at
the bottoms at the bottom is just so
much better than the talk it's so much
hike did you think yeah I loved it it is
absolutely incredible
and he thought oh the Nissan it's so
nice I love the sound of the new Sun
like this room it's like Formula one of
them I'm just going to take off the
backpack here now because it's light the
flap is so bright yeah it's like super
bright oh yeah there yeah yeah that's
the lens that's where it should like oh
my god ah yeah we should but yeah
everything is really great it was
awesome we had a great time up there
getting an epic trip sure Jionni loves
me by now that trip was honking Oh Oh
God yeah I was bleeding a little bit
Benny - oh yeah Benny I'm gonna take the
camera
no you yeah yeah let me grab the camera
ha ha ha and you have a hole in your ass
it's a huge hole why'd you slide on your
ass down there all look at this by the
way this is that I've been seeing a lot
of questions on the backpack and it's
actually like it is Verma type well
we're it'll be on saving for the fall
but it's now inspired - testin it
actually works perfect for the inspire -
so that's going to come out it's a sick
sick backpack
ok ok yeah maybe it's time to say
goodbye Alex I'm Xiao Chao for
