good morning good morning we're starting
the morning in the helicopter flying
around looking at la the Hollywood sign
yeah cuz I mean we that's the first time
I see the Hollywood sign
yeah same for me I like it from close
okay before I'm really trying not to
like have this thing as a shadow sake
I'm not used to a selfie thing walking
but I'm working on it now we're awake
and that was like really awesome it was
like waking up all sudden I'm in a
helicopter like you need going like
surpassed no doors that was really nice
perfect way to start the day okay I have
it of course you forgot it the man the
man of the hour
oh no absolute way I need my husband so
Oscar and Natasha they've been on the
ball before yeah but yeah they're all
this stuff below and then Oscar was
super awesome to find copter pilot that
hooked us up with the morning flight you
look in there that yeah like it soared
and I look at the street hard right
don't look at green that's what Casey
has glasses yeah hold on hold on what's
up now you have no idea if I'm looking
at street looking at the screen and you
don't know thank you so much thank you
tell your ride home that looks good on
you Yanni's making fun of my parking all
right team we will see you guys in a
little you for setting this up
you have everything Yanni I think you
have it all nice then I say we spin to
Casa Riley in Calabasas
are you crazy little dodge head here we
have the other guy Oh Marley good
morning yeah you're more mellow
oh and Benji Soames yeah ha ha ha Sivan
I just got a nice good-morning kiss from
Walker
oh wait Joe are you crazy dog yeah
that's more like it
do we go out and maybe jump the pool oh
you've one step ahead of me as always
when you're ready found the couch next
to Villa we got to say hello to all
three dogs
yo yo dog you know Avenger told me
another Drake huh he's like when I was
watching the parks I didn't like to
understand like why would you film dog
so much but now when I meet the dogs no
I totally understand little cutie-pie
you're almost as cute as eonni yeah
that's that's a lot you want to play in
the for Walker oh here goes almost Mac
Chargers inside
hello cool really
haha thank you for a child really yes
really
join I'm going to do a bunch of
searching I'm gonna get back to a yoga
master
ah nice I got inspired now that you were
all healthy do you want to work out -
please wiki supervisor
always
I'm trying to remember how to do the
yoga thing which remind me of a couple
more
all right now for the real time I need
yoga YouTube you need to take away
anyone do yoga YouTube working out good
job whoa no nice oh no I'm supposed to
jump in yeah but I fell this way oh I
love your style
yeah do is my farmers market style wait
what was that good famiiy to do what I
can't return something forget what
something else two murders in the house
and then we got Benji the parson we're
gonna put the camera away down up for a
second that means I have some news
what do you have you cool semi carries
camera has one set aside commute my name
on it
yeah we're some super fun movie yeah so
what do you guys say we just go out
there and be back here in about an hour
and a half and do more this way with 3gh
buzz yes love three let's go we're all
work damn it why are we back here again
I promise we'll be quick the stairs to
bankruptcy
Sorelli was told he could return the
camera that played pretty with brand new
literally two weeks week so he's told so
we're like so he drove down here and
then I know he did not like any part of
anything
now we're boycotting together hi
oh we can save up and get that failure
well then we're going to spin back home
again not home yet but we just saw this
sick sick Bronco
how rad say it
you know rad yeah change your plans
hydro fall outlet sounds like a good
place
hmm the watermelon watermelon the swans
are a must
okay yeah 100 degrees in it's good one
in the first-ever pool day better make
it right okay fourth attempt spin to the
house we finally made it to the house I
tried spinning like four times but then
stuff happened it is blow up mission
time
this is that time that time barbecue by
the pool
how were you you malleable I'm good are
you alive again all fall fall there's
nothing better than getting out of the
pool soaking wet and coming and grilling
No
I'm not hungry
I can wait we're just sitting there
ready to get like really crushed they
say it's like the first American
barbecue have been done like forever
really but I get the feeling that
Americans really do know what they're
doing
barbecue what we even have a lot of
practice looks really really really
fantastic well I'll leave that I'm
impressed and I am 120,000 percent ready
to eat the it ready look here oh it
doesn't look much better than that
floatees barbecue and then more swimming
and since I whoa yeah I'd say we get a
lot more squash it's better than you
know way but errantly a lot of places
are
so we do everything as the camera bag
gets hurt less formal different way into
my session oh I still can't believe that
the the camera my got hurt
how can it be so strong this I mean go
to like you too powerful now I get so
you were holding the bottom nothing like
the Davis that's what happens when you
have threads like this need a
springboard a Catholic ah yeah yeah come
here we'll give her some love it's
better we keep don't think haha hey you
never got something
irises really when I felt mine I'm not
gonna we have not entered the vodka no
no good good thinking we just got
carried away we're doing chilling it was
really not a fantastic thing a classic
American afternoon barbecuing and like
playing with floaties from trying to
know like to almost kill ourselves what
was doing read with the cameras face
yeah you're saying that we're gonna I
have an idea
yes I'm playing with this I saw so let
today's quote a question oh yeah we
voted this as well we been Christian I
saw so many comments after our video
last night that we were paid by
Panasonic to do this video and if you
look at this camera is this Anthony can
you see any logos or is it all black let
me something I don't do any any
anything no you see we removed all the
logos is all black and cool and if we
were paid by Panasonic that probably
wouldn't be the case exactly so not
Paige we just love the camera so with
that I just thought we had to answer
that professional on a comet for that
said I think we've had a fantastic day
and done a million things time to end
this vlog so we can start tomorrow with
this much energy just keep on going yeah
we'll say bye bye and chavo from europe
here in the corner we're all kind of yes
hanging out Oh Joe Oh Joe
