hold on hold on we can't start it login
this is Johnny looks so pretty so now we
can stop so she I she okay now good
morning good morning it's actually not
morning anymore but since that's our
thing to start with that we kind of had
to do it yeah we ended up doing a bit of
a different blog today because we took a
little trip to Sammy's our memory camera
store in LA and we now have a brand new
vlog setup so we need to like look it
over and make sure that it's all good
and let you guys know what we think of
the brand new GH 5 Panasonic camera so
let's start for the morning heading to
Sammy's and that will catch back up here
and see how this thing actually works
remember yeah I like this place
I wish I was Benji I'd have a first on
everything we do every day I'm excited
this is really good you like this thing
I'm like I have all these new nice like
man threw stuff at first day like wear
pants it's more good laughs look
welcome to eliminated
Bon Appetit
next a beaucoup Monsieur they were going
strong that you unhealthy life yes no
soda
you know Fred we love LA Domon you're
gonna yes I try to oh that's another
price for living in LA yes
not like Fran no no like print arrow in
pence you have good foot but not as good
as this and not healthy not happy
what was that again don't show you
eating cookie is the French era to
lemonade element the French cook him all
through the town
don't say that hahaha really Wow no
that's why everything's ever had stop it
you look at this rapper
while we're at right nobody never
everyone it's like that Michael encoding
kind of cool yeah it's original maybe we
should spread out at the ball it's like
alright today's questions we talked
about the role ha so the other roles one
of the reasons that I wanted to cut down
on daily vlog that I have enough time to
do anything so I sent the rolls to hole
in to get fixed and I haven't checked on
it and a month and a half so imagine if
you are so busy trying to make videos
that you virals put in a garage and you
don't have time to check on it as bud
but yesterday I gotta take the same that
a full exhaust is being made or it's
almost done so we have progress I'll try
to keep you guys posted but full works
going on and now that I have time I'm
going to like get on it and like make it
finish real soon
yeah we will see I want to see a
gentleman to ride that thing I like I
can't believe I bought it and I haven't
ridden it oh hello wait you oh yeah I
feel sad I've been thinking about it but
at least now you get a little update
I'll keep you updated as soon as things
come along but we shouldn't be that far
away it's like just a couple things that
takes a bit to get done once they're
done they're quick to do so
yeah so I'm gonna get two states up
because I want my car as much as you do
let's go let's go check out some cameras
welcome to heaven Benny oh this is my
first time yet heaven stubbies this is
my favorite place in LA it's not Yanni
favorite place because it's a black hole
and it sucks with in deep into the earth
core but weird out where I am promised
my Lebanon lady that we're going to be
quick in here but we need to go and we
still can't attach an external mic to
our camera so we have been yesterday's
vlog was shot on the Leica q if you're
wondering why it looked different so
we're testing out a couple different
options we just need to do a quick stop
here really quick stuff from this super
quick we left was like three hours and
now it's time to enjoy do we have what
we want do we have what do you want to
see so Anna targets just came out with
the gh 5 yeah which I've heard you'd
want agree think about but I've never
considered it but it shoots 4k
experience per second I'll put that it's
like when something that I have breaks
I hate replacing it with something
identical Museveni always wanted like
Easter a better alternative and like
yeah that's been my latest like late
night
go obsession but I feel it's a Micro
Four Thirds sensor completely different
so well yeah oh that's a nice label
ization is crazy
yeah yes hello so these quick quick
quick I was changing this one is crazy
annoying one today yeah and make think
Sony were out but imagine one longer
lamps be you're always up here
one camera suicide mic for 24 what do we
say goodbye we are saying goodbye to the
Sony the last ever shot in this fall
with the Sony has Amell they might come
up with something in three days set to
make a switch but now we are going to
try out the gh 5 but this one yeah I've
read so many things but I'd love now
motivation hyper mode activated mmm it's
been great thanks show devil yeah I
think we're probably Sammy's not best
customers we're pretty good good best
friends yeah but I I think it's good we
are still on the Leica Q now if you
wonder we're going to just get some
batteries and these for plan but now see
now we're listing into the people people
say bigger is not always better
now we're going with a smart settlement
would be like smart and we are back 24
hours later because we figured that
before we do like a continuation of the
review we should shoot a bit yeah
so now we're going to go out and shoot
we're going to talk about what we found
what we didn't found but while we drive
to where we're going to do some shooting
with the ladies here you guys can have a
little look at some shots that we took
last night just to you know our first
try with the camera so enjoy and we'll
see you guys over in Maui long beach
so that was our first experience with
the th5 and I've never looked at this
camera before so I'm surprised of how
much I liked it there's a few things
that we really liked about it and if you
think we don't like about it let's start
with the things we don't like
number one it shoots super slow-mo in
180 frames per second so you get this
like super slow-mo super rad stuff but
on that setting autofocus doesn't work
so that means that if you want super
slow-mo you have it but you can't use
autofocus number two if you want to
shoot slow-mo with sound you could do
that on the Sony this one does not shoot
the sound it's not always necessary to
have but sometimes it's nice number
three so far we've had a bit of troubles
with the autofocus I think it's okay but
it seems like it's better on the Sony
right Benji yeah yeah yeah and then
moving onto more things we like I have
been a lawyer for a year I have never
had a flip-out screen so being able see
what the camera seen that goes for sure
on the plus side for me because it's
like it's there as a normal screen but
it's also something I can look at which
is awesome number two is that even
though you don't have manual or auto
focus on 180 frames it's really cool to
have 180 Prince jumping into water and
it's just like flops like we're sure
logos and you shoot 4k in 60 frames so
we can shoot
the slow motion in 4k which i think is
rad yeah and then you have a time lapse
function so previously on the Sony for
you do a time that would record a full
like half hour and then speed that out
here we can choose the speed you want to
record into you have a smaller 5 then
yeah like that's our our first
impression my first impression is that I
like this a thousand times more than
your Sony shooting photos with this
super rad here we have ladies so here
like you can so when we're talking about
is it stable yeah wow that's crazy right
actually see what you're shooting
instead of like the wobble wobble wow
that's crazy
like look here Yanni walking slow Mall
in 800 and wait for it wait what I saw
like you are not supposed to be able to
shoot this kind of stuff without a
tripod note and even that you have to
buy a really big expensive heavy tripod
yeah
so far it's dropping that one camera 11
tried that I'm most blown away by okay
so we're going to move on to a different
place and then we can plug a bit more
about the different months
look at this place alright so we just
took them on now you have a shadow there
you go we took a drive and all the shots
you saw we're not on a gimbal there on
that super duper NASA camera and now
we're here at the sand dune where you
guys are going to get some great shots
yeah this place is cool so while the
ladies through their thing I think it's
time for us to talk about the lenses we
have really quick a lot of information
in this one but I think I think it's
such a good camera that I want to try to
cover whatever questions you might have
self lens wife you already know that I
love this super long lens one hundred or
four hundred two hundred eight hundred
on like normal say Sony and numbers yeah
love that thing it's like yeah maybe you
got that then we have the seven to
fourteen light super wide you not Radice
limbs but it's cool to have white shot
sometimes we have the forty two point
five these are Leica lenses that are
made for the Panasonic yes and now
they're playing with a shadow so we are
a serious camera review show but yeah
this one's super cool normal or the
equivalent of an 85 on other cameras and
then we have the twelve on big guy yeah
so like I'm like like full penicilin out
we're going to stop reviewing we love
the camera and if I were to pick any
camera and have one camera one camera
only it be the GH five without even like
hesitating for a second I think this
camera blows the sony a7s two and a
seven or two out of the water together
so with that we're going to end the
review we'll say goodbye once the sunset
is gone but no more camera Talk
my god this party over coming over the
Sun came up got it gone they saw exactly
and that means this vlog is gone so I
hope you guys enjoyed a bit of a review
I think a lot of people that watch this
channel like camera gear and I think
this is the best camera pride so we
needed to make a review about it and
also hang out with the girls and chill
and have a good day basically
oh uh until we meet again I was like
Micaela taking a photo
okay well then in case there was nothing
then we'll just say good night and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
let us know what you think of the camera
I hope you guys like it otherwise we
have a problem I it comes out yes I see
you and some bonus footage Benji first
attempts on a backflip on the ground
since it but remember high up and then
talk oh yeah
Oh u-turn yeah perfect
let me turn in July and I do on the
other side with the background
minja landing whoa nice now we take a
diet good night
