good morning guys I thought it was time
to do a little bonus Q&A today because
even though we're supposed to do for
vlogs a week I still sort of miss
uploading and seeing you guys's comments
and like see what you think and what we
what we say and what we think so
I thought we had some extra time so we
were just throwing a little bit of bonus
Q&A because that was lastly I saw a
couple comments like your two vlogs in
you already forgot the question of the
day and I didn't forget it it was just
like I thought we had so many beautiful
things to show in Mexico that I didn't
want to waste you guys this time with me
just talking so I thought it was better
to show all the cool landscapes only
cactuses and everything and then we
could just sort of answer questions when
we are not at such beautiful places so I
had a bunch of questions I figured I
just sit down talk to you guys and
answer a bunch of questions so that is
sort of today's mission before we
continue with the rest and me hanging
out with Yanni like the whole four vlog
a week thing it's really difficult for
me because it's like I love it's become
like an addiction to upload and then
read the comments you like how do we do
this time what was good what was bad and
when you don't get that every day it's
just it's strange so then I felt like we
should do a Q&A and say hello at least
cuz I like it I like you too it's fun
but enough with that I think we should
get to a bunch of questions
because I know there's there's one
question that has been up there a ton
and that is how is the rolls-royce doing
unfortunately for this video I shot a
question of the day yesterday
so if you want to know how the rolls is
doing just check out tomorrow's vlog and
you'll see all about that I promise you
there will be a lot of updates coming up
so sorry for not having the time to talk
about it but check out tomorrow's vlog
for that and since we have the number
one question out of the way we can move
on to I just picked a bunch of random
ones that I found when I was scrolling
through the comments and reading
everything this morning I think this is
a good one to start with let's check out
the first question tomorrow is a boring
date so let's do a Q&A and we still make
some money it's like when I read stuff
like that I'm just sort of laughing on
the inside because if you guys knew the
amount of sort of brand deals that I
don't think it's relevant for me
or for you guys that I say no to in like
the fact that you think that we would
make a Q&A to make more money then I
think you got the channel all wrong
because to me it's all about doing good
stuff and it's the good good stuff then
financials will sort of you know it'll
just happen so if I want to make money
you would have noticed and this is like
we don't make this q8 to make money I
think that's I just wanted to bring it
up because I yeah I couldn't we could
make a ton of money of this channel but
it's just like I want everything we do
to be a hundred percent relevant for you
guys and if there is a sponsorship deal
is because I think it's a good thing and
it's something I want to show you guys
but so far there hasn't been a lot of
them so I said no to everything that
wasn't relevant and we could make twenty
times what we've make on a QA by saying
yes to a brand deal and shoot that for
thirty seconds but I want everything to
be relevant that's on this channel so
I'd rather make way less money and make
sure that you guys like what we do
because if I made a ton of money in one
day and ever the comments and said that
we were a sellout and that it sucked it
wouldn't be worth a penny of it so at
least you know that from now second
question is from Niels he says he loves
the vlog but now that it's only for
vlogs a week can you please make him
like 20 minutes long and when you're
editing a vlog making a long blog that's
like super easy I could cut a long log a
40 minutes in 35 minutes but we are
constantly trying to figure out how to
make a good vlog develop art editing
skills and I think a good vlog is a vlog
that you watch for 15 minutes and it
feels like two minutes went by and
that's how I want every vlog to be that
it just feels like no is it already done
like when I sit there and I'm like I
start looking at how long the how long
the vlog is past I think we have done a
bad job so we're constantly trying to
make him as good as possible and when we
shoot it it's we shoot it and then if it
ends up being six minutes or 20 minutes
it all depends on the day so I think I
don't look in minutes at all I look at
how how it feels so maybe they'll be
longer maybe they'll be shorter it all
depends on what we're doing but yeah
like me making them longer would be
work for us so it's not like we're
making them shorter to make it easier
but yeah sometimes it'll be longer but
it all depends like we need really epic
stuff them and then Viktor he wants to
know what are your tips for young
up-and-coming youtubers like what kind
of cameras you dab what kind of video
should you start with and how do you
grow fast on YouTube and that's been
everything there's no shortcuts in life
I think that if you work hard with
something and you just keep working you
will find success in most things in life
I mean for me working the video I
started shooting ski movies in 99 so
I've been working with video for you
know 18 years we've shot with 16
millimeter cameras red cameras
helicopters and all this stuff and you
know I've learned a lot throughout the
way and we've only shot video for you
know a year consistently but I think
we've done a lot of practice over almost
two decades so I think in order to get
good you just need to like I think the
difference is really do you want to make
a blog to like get famous and make money
or do you want to make a vlog because
you really enjoy the creating aspect and
just making a video I think that's a
huge difference I think the first thing
you should do is ask yourself why do I
want to do this do I want to be famous
or do I like shooting video and
hopefully your answer will be shooting
video because I think if you like what
you do it'll show and that will help to
channel the girl in terms of content I
think it's good to sit down and like
alright what would I want my channel to
be about like what what am i passionate
about and what do I want to show and
what makes my channel different from
everyone else because I think it's
always important to stand out and figure
out how to be different and camera wise
you don't need it doesn't matter what
camera you have it's all about learning
how to use stuff I saw a video the other
day of someone saying like hey what kind
of lens do you think there's a shot with
on my red camera and everyone was
commenting and the video was shot on an
iPhone so if you get good enough you can
shoe with anything and then of course
that sounds kind of weird coming from us
that has all the camera equipment in the
world but it's a hobby like I love that
it's super fun and I don't think it
necessarily makes videos better but it's
just fun when you have something new you
want to try it features and you learn
and
yeah it's one of my hobbies in terms of
how to grow fast I think it's all about
creating good stuff and keep doing it
and I think also one of the key things
that I've learned as you as a youtuber
is that when you do daily things just
morning tonight then it's not relevant
for YouTube to sort of put it into
suggested videos next to other videos
but see if we're doing a video on you
know a loud Lamborghini then YouTube can
put that next to other videos of loved
Lamborghinis and you can spread that way
so I think finding interesting things
that are sort of trending on YouTube is
is really the way to grow fast and we
are probably not the best at that we
should buy spend more time on trying to
figure out all right what's interesting
now what are people doing and someone
who's been the best in the world that
that is Casey nice that it's like when
Pokemon talk he's doing Pokemon when
it's the storm in New York he does a
storm a video about that and he's really
good at picking up on trends and stuff
like that so picking up on trends I
think is is something that's you know
super important but I've been pretty bad
at because I I don't like to do things
to get the channel to become bigger fast
I just want to shoot what we think is
cool and that might make the channel
grow less fast but it's yeah we just
like to shoot what we shoot but we
should probably get a little better at
doing sort of trending videos because
who wouldn't want to see us chasing
pokemons right or maybe not I don't want
to Shh pokemons but I do want to
snowboard New York so I think there's a
happy medium on that one Anthony wants
to know how long have you been surfing
and how are you so good at it and this
board sports become easier when you are
a pro skier and I started surfing in 99
and we want to say because the ski
towing company that I was working with
was based here in LA in Hermosa Beach
and Johnny who ran the company he loves
surfing so he took a surfing in between
editing and checking out all the stuff
that he was working on so that's kind of
when I got started and and then I just
got hooked and I was trying to surf as
much as possible but didn't really have
the time when I was doing serious thing
so I didn't surf as much as I'd like to
but now I'm trying to surf as much as I
can because there's something
surfing when you're paddling and you
feel the energy of the wave and just
that you feel like it's catching me I
got it I got it I got it
that's like the coolest feeling in terms
of anything in the world and I think
that's why I love it so I'm going to try
to surf more and I think being spending
your whole life on a mountain on slopes
should probably help you to become yes
you're helped you in surfing when you're
on the wave but if you spend your whole
life in the mountains that means you
didn't spend in the water so in order to
get to the wave you need to still be
able to duck dive and like maneuver all
the big waves and I think that's for
sure the hardest part when you're on the
wave it's like not that part but
everything around is so challenging I
think because surfing so difficult then
every wave is different I think that's
that's why I love it I think surfing is
probably the thing in the world that I
love the most I do like big jumps though
like we were in Italy and you're going
in a big jump the feeling it's like
sometimes I think I'm kind of a crazy
person because it's I have so many ideas
going on my head and I think about like
every single detail in life but as soon
as I'm going into the big jump or I'm
about to get crushed by a huge wave it's
all of these thoughts are just gone
eliminated and instead I'm just thinking
about what I'm doing it sort of
explained it's just like this it clears
my head I think that's why I love being
active and doing a lot of things because
it's just like it's me taking a break
from my brain and I think that's
necessary because my brains just
hyperspeed the whole time it's me Colton
he has a comment that states that's a
relationship with a lot of trust Yanni
goes through Coachella and you go to
Mexico and I know I've seen a lot of
comments that me and Yony seem to have a
good relationship and I think I totally
agree because we have a hundred percent
trust in our relationship and there's
like zero jealousy I mean I was talking
our yesterday and I'm like uh you met
anyone famous like a challenge is like
not really she's like oh yeah I did
teach jail virus how to shake a hand
he was like didn't really have a firm
handshake so it's just like this is how
you take a head and I think probably a
lot of boyfriends would have maybe been
really you're at Coachella hanging with
jail
and I'm like it's cool you met him
because I think if you have trust in
relationship you didn't need to worry
about stuff like that and then you can
do things without worrying about you
know what the other person is doing so I
think we have a lot of trust and I think
that was what makes the relationship
really good and then a pretty
interesting question I've seen over the
last hundred bucks or so that we shot on
the Sony a few so many questions you
need to go back to the like I'd like to
look it so much better and so I loved it
much more and yesterday's vlog was 100%
shot on the leica except for the super
slow-mo stuff and I thought two comments
that was you know like was that on the
Leica it looked different so on a normal
vlog when we don't shoot on the Leica we
get a lot of common thing we should and
when we do most people don't see the
difference I think why people really
like the like a lot was because we shot
it during the summer mostly and it was
like beautiful light sunny and
everything is great and then a lot of
the Sony stuff that shouldn't the shot
in the winter when it's darker and not
as beautiful out so I think most of it
actually has to do with the light
outside and how you shoot it and then of
course the Leica has that special look
and I love it but I'm still waiting for
a couple updates on the cameras in order
to get to get to where I would want the
camera to be and then moving on to
another question is alright it's more a
general common field question yeah for
me because I think when every comments I
want to pick up on what you guys like
it's like I want to find did you like
the intro was it the music they like the
what we showed or how was shot and if we
were to visit something was that
interesting so when you guys comment if
I see like oh that's a great video it
makes me happy or that was shitty video
it's like that doesn't make me happy but
whenever you let us know in the comments
like hey I like this and this and it was
cool that you talked about this we want
to see more of this or like that sucked
like that's terrible the more details
you give us the more fun it is for me to
read comments so that's cool if you guys
keep it in mind the more you talk about
the video and details that you liked or
didn't like the more I'm are
and the more fun at history comics and
that the tough part with reading
comments is that you'll have one common
thing like that was terrible like that
was the worst grading editing and like
you guys suck
and then the next comer would be like
that was the best video I've ever seen
and I loved every part of it so it's
just hard to read comments because it's
so up and down and be easier if you had
a general feel to it so I guess it's
hard to please everyone but it's yeah
details like just give us constructive
feedback that's what I think is fun when
reading comments and then we're going to
end on I think a very important question
because I've seen a ton of questions in
regards to this ih4 CK wants to know
what do you think about andreas starting
to vlog and just using you for previews
and like to build his own channel and
I've seen so many comments on this and I
think it's important to bring out the
fact that I have zero heart feelings to
undress I'm just super happy he started
his own vlog and I think what he's doing
is incredible Andrea's came to work with
me and we worked for a couple weeks and
andreas is like epic at what it does and
his editing is sick but I think the way
we work it with so many videos he's such
a perfectionist like me that he doesn't
want to finish a video until it's done
and when you shoot this much and you
travel this much you've got to be a
little tighter on deadlines to be like
right that's good enough we need to move
on so we kind of made sure we agreed
that like alright this wasn't a perfect
fit even though he's super good at what
he does but I have zero hard feelings
like I got a lot of information and help
from andreas he taught me a lot of
things he shot epic vlogs and then if I
in return can help him build a channel
that's great like YouTube is not a
competition it's a place for epic videos
and if there's more it's great I think
it's super cool to see people like
andreas putting out YouTube videos
because that means that there'll be more
good stuff on YouTube and when I watch
on their stuff I'm like oh that's so
sick I love it so if you haven't checked
out on Darrell's log go check it out
here subscribe go give them a like watch
the ads like help them out because zero
hard feelings I think
he is awesome I love him and when I was
watching you know the little skid they
did with the Gulf car him and Benny it
was like oh like ah I'm dressed you need
to hang out again
so people that I work with I want to
help them build what they do and if they
do a good job they can come work with me
for one day get followers and if they
have a better option they should go take
it because life is about sort of making
everyone around you win as much as
you're winning yourself so YouTube's not
a competition if you have good stuff
just read it promote your friends and
don't try to like oh no now he's
screaming more subscribers that's just
good good for everyone
so let's end the Q&A on a positive note
on not being jealous of people help
people reach success because that's just
the better way of looking at life so
with that said I'm going to go and edit
this and get it online so you guys can
check that out and we'll be back
tomorrow with a little bit of a new vlog
setup so we will say bye from today and
we'll see you guys tomorrow hope you
guys enjoyed just some random thoughts I
sure enjoyed talking to the camera a
little bonus day never hurts the ball I
think I might know I'm not going to say
that I might do this
once a week but we're kind of like it
we'll see
we'll keep it going and I hope you guys
like it and I hope you guys can survive
the four vlog per week set up it helps
me create a life and wake up looking at
yani like god what a beautiful girl and
I'm so blessed to be here with her
instead of thinking God I wake up and I
need to edit like No so it helps me to
be a happy person and live a happier
life and hopefully you guys get enough
videos anyway so but that's that over
and out and I'm going to stop talking
and we'll see you guys tomorrow ciao
