you
and good morning morning we are now now
a stronger team good morning with Johnny
here this is great and the fact that we
are shooting for vlogs a week is
probably a great thing considering me
and Riley have been dying with laughing
absolute next to go we got some sort of
stomach bug and literally we were in bed
48 hours there was no cuddling but there
was it was the worst ever like I did not
eat a single thing for 48 hours half a
diet coke and like half a liter of water
so we ensured me things luckily we're
only shooting for a long two week but
now we're back on track and we have
pumpkins me at peddlers coffee and
life's good I know control but yeah
that's that's sort of the story on the
last couple days but now Johnny's here
we're all good and today I have one
mission what is the mission
ah Richards is obviously become a better
boyfriend but then Justin Bieber
assurance might not work that well with
that but yeah I wanted to be now with
the new year more time and everything I
thought it was time to like stuff run
around and turf shorts and like clean up
a little bit get styling I want to get
styling yeah oh yeah very good this is
really done what living soul that's the
plan
oh how are the good welcome from the
dogs right we got to keep you hold
please
I'm just doing my mandatory little work
session here at all as a part of the
Brent
I'm going to help by swimming after this
I got a clean room I don't have tuna
dude no I wanted them
we never know 300 you might have to like
try to underwater swimming part here oh
yeah how cold is the water here it's
tight
oh not as good as mama yeah yeah this is
like the first real summer day we have
in the South Loop feels like I'm living
here too Jenny we have to kick him in
the pool because if I do with me it will
be mad very few do it he would not be
mad
really I think I didn't know how I did
on coupler no I'll think you like Riley
or for Benjamite do it I don't you have
one comment Yanni angry your house has
got even better yeah but you will it's
the first thing you jumped in the pool
but the first thing you don't to poor
everyone that has done it has to go up
there and jump up okay how deep is it
it's easier yeah oh there you go okay
this is going to be real weird might be
real nice well done
nice amount of energy I feel okay
practice like Oh mother I don't want to
go no no no yes yeah no no excuse oh I
hope I help they're going to join no
it's warm welcome to Elaine you know
it's time to work on your skin tone yeah
but we were going to work on the
cleaning up for today oh yeah but now
we're awake and worker is awake as well
you're always awake I missed this one
I missed you how was Coachella Yonex
been at Coachella
yeah it's really fun it'll be cool it
didn't read much but okay cool yeah yeah
shoot some video yeah you're getting a
medal on it yeah you know if you make of
all we're going to link that when it's
online because I want to see what those
places look looks like as well and then
Ricky showed I could see photos there's
a couple photos from Yannick Cottrell
it looks like but we have we like to
Mexico adventure yeah I was jealous
the time for some fresh food yeah took
the place Erewhon and it's my favorite
lunch wow that looks really good I'll go
with deer how do the same with you I'm
trying to look away from the meat shop
Jesus we're gonna try to eat healthier
yeah I'm a better person who flew shirt
looks but now today
Thank You Riley yeah we got part eating
healthier it's done to enjoy we're going
all in on the life changes we have all
these healthy kombucha drinks and money
the lunch was probably the best lunch
I've ever happened I get it
Darley do so next up is that we're going
to give Yanni play Hannah make me look
the way she's in position so that I can
be a proper Instagram husband you sleep
with everywhere out and you're like
together I'm like but I'm wearing this
mega China Shores like we don't have
enough time to do everything that just
wanted to sing some power when it looked
good thank you
oh that's cool sighs that's a great time
I would say we go for like the basic
first so you know like what pant you
heard something you have this jacket
Roubaix the first basic so you know what
you have okay we'll come back to that
yes lasix
you can insert anything right not today
it's all yani if out of my hand
Johnny on the limited budget doing a
whole makeover to put that little bigger
we take for call this and then I the
janitor
Younes to point I yelled like hands up
times up long item number three why
haven't you wanna know I don't know what
I want really cool okay here's the deal
since we're gonna get a lot will show
everything at home but we were sorted
yeah yes good start any good time
she's got it hey on to my client
darah we're doing real good here
don't be deceitful that was born right
here I should always have this personal
shopping experience that means you show
two months when your hands are oh yes
all right I think we spin back home and
check some of us about oh wow look at
who we fell know you can jump for the
top of the roof over the hey Jake okay
you haven't been to the back yet so
insincere highlight is for those who
doesn't recognize max you did this so
he's not normally like that pool is not
deep enough to jump in a wall I don't
know and we proved that it is now that
we were proving
boom but that woke me up good but now I
need to start cutting my hair and like
trying out all my outfits yeah we go to
the ball at Remagen no I can't go
shopping and like not show anybody's not
it's gonna fit for like two hours it was
like BAM energy yes okay see you later
are you I'm packing everything today I'm
trying to get it but overview plus
everything you bought I bought we bought
look at these I'm gonna style you and
then you're gonna show everything so
what should we start with we hmm okay
we'll put down the camera undress you
alright
holding back without took one first
outfit really nice I what do you think
that is nice for you yeah yeah but they
were their socks up to their knees like
no I think you look really cool good
right is good you did a Samba side
something oh no there you go I should
model I want have a photo you look
really good
it's really nice I like all right moving
on check it out nice right on video
perfect diamond wait there we go
then we travel I feel like we're in
stock from like Randy said you're on our
way to the creepers for you and you are
pulling the outfit don't you like it
no I like it I like it's like it still
feels like someone Sal's looking too
much furniture I like it I like it - you
look cute pay whatever your girlfriend
life you make sure to wear it yes cuz
then she will be the exact same for you
haha that's the plan first and I nice
try though there you go you look really
cool I feel like I pull this off but
enough about pulling we going on a
fashion blog
so be sure that they show you what we
spent the Divine's well be back in a
second let's spin our to next moment you
should be god this lens just incredible
are you looking good uh-huh like that so
cool with that and their house color of
the roof yeah cool
every day I want to switch cameras and
then I find something good with every
camera we have this one's really doing
some magic right here is what I'm seeing
cry pretty cool what opposed sorry yeah
so I didn't have time to cut my hair no
no we're doing but we have started
eating healthier yeah we have had what's
it called iced coffee
ah I've come to a kombucha and now we
are all shopped in butter
so now the new year is starting real
good with just time and energy and like
putting energy in life were you should
put energy yes good Giuliani but I say
that but I think with that said we're
just going to end today's well okay yeah
so we can come to quality time yes
are we yeah but I might throw in a Q&A
tomorrow like ah yeah Walter I know Q&A
tomorrow I'm feeling real awkward not
having a ball every day so no purpose
for you guys just because I'm addicted
to vlogging and that I just like like
doing videos okay yeah so yeah bonus Q&A
tomorrow bonus yeah yeah it's a
challenge yeah you can always HL
yeah Cho Cho
