who morning good morning oh I'm autumn
morning it is oh yes I was just
appointment house thing that I'd looked
a little too fond so away with the drone
and not with the swing short the ways of
Big Valley here's a good test come in it
today is a blue Thursday the clown very
nice it's so cool would be everything
from above and I have slept better left
to nights that I have in Sigma it's a
great a nice that's a good sign yeah a
worry-free life yeah you don't stress
about it perfect so we're going to jump
in the water so the morning that way and
then move some breakfast later yep I
think it's the best ways to sell the
moaning
Hey what happened we babbles out and
then it seems like the wait for her like
20 minutes apart
mm-hmm got cold time to check with E Oh
Oh like there is nothing better than
everything getting at the golden I want
Jacuzzi for you the only one is from
setup law and Luke now it's back it
seems like there's great waves
everywhere
yeah when you're up tonight there
nothing you can't find them there's
still so nice out there though it's like
if you have a surf session where you
don't get great waves it's still 25
times better than like a morning walk or
doing morning again now I think it's
time we get and form and then breakfast
it's still good though it's a good burn
feel the burn
oh yeah I have a feeling
this is what I ain't with surfboards
they're so fragile and I'm trying not to
break him but yeah now who's eight I
think it's been really hot in the car
yes and lately cause no it's okay I
shouldn't get any more Sun like I was
kind of burped last night like pink
really pink
no it's getting better now is getting
ten yeah exactly you got to take this on
while you can
yep I think it's still pink from
yesterday as well I'm gonna turn this on
what they see
yep the Mac okay let's take the car so
we're gonna go explore we brought the
surfboards in case we find a wave but
bottom line is we're going to try to be
a bit more mature and not just surf surf
surf and not see anything but that was
the previously but we will go on the
road trip with the surfboard exactly in
case you find surf but most importantly
see more Mexico yes everything
everything everything Trevor I'm the
oldest I should be driving the most
responsible
Hey
so you asked for their drug this is a
good thing we have a G how far did fit
on this road how many Kaizen now I was
driving a solid 20 okay I'm just trying
to trying to find out here whether we
have two minutes there's one for
probably thirty so what they're
dangerous
look wait Wow
and he
you
so basically the road we want to take
has the fence across it and the
gatekeeping and yeah there's a tenth
keeper so now we're trying to figure out
why there's a fence on my road you want
to keep exploring what we just jump in
the water here look rocky or anything no
no it looks mellow you guys find that
route did he say that road up there you
could take or no Oh guys I'm back right
right again it's probably one we almost
took we'll try that
alright thanks I wish you could go on
the beach yeah so we found this really
random place it's like this ball you've
seen the road and then you have all
these really nice really nice and also
for sale centrally located great access
from the airport wait maybe we should
add these guys where to go yeah excuse
me Upali pond say can we got those off
at all see that's a donkey and watching
some horses
no bye-bye see you later we can get a
really blue house I would be pretty sure
that Yanni would say that's gone I mean
these ones I would do more thinking that
feels like an underwater all blessed
okay look
nice mission but all around is cactus is
around yeah yeah he would love this
place
take this and blue houses but it's cool
that you have this like modern hotel
everything you need and then you have
this like 35 volt it's 45 minutes away
yeah let's see welcome to Thanks
ah ah oh
nice coffee
we went out at a quick launch and then
like BAM clouds gone yep so now we
really feel like we're in the desert of
the oceans right there yeah yeah but we
don't see the ocean we just see the
cactus I feel like I'm in the desert
yeah me too I think it's a sign to go in
the water
be fun water yeah yeah we're going to go
try to find this one wave that's
supposed to be really good they say
you're supposed to get there like at
6:00 in the morning because it's like
destroyed a ton for little late
different glass office yeah we're just
gonna go scope it out and check it okay
see what it is if we find it like a 30%
chance mission of today how to be
fishing for tuna boy okay go go go go
there it goes that's what I talk you're
fishing Oh found it all right
that looks really good mmm esta su /
stupid in funny Russia report
Italy
it's ongoing don't stop those stuff yes
no more shoes nope no more shirt ready
professional I need the shirts otherwise
I'm gonna burn oh yes it may grab them
guys grab them you got it yeah yeah yeah
oh well there's weight yep now it's just
up to us
I just saw the smile on Riley's face
drop it and the mom
haha I'm in love with Mexico like
showing up here to a wave like that no
people that doesn't happen like if this
is volley there'd be 400 people on that
and like 387 would be professional and
I'd be stuck on inside like getting
Delta to see the waves here yeah come
did with the long lens how's your foot -
am i doing okay it's looking a little
like a roadkill still moving okay yeah I
can feel it
we'll go buy some water yeah so if
anyone who watches this like to serve
don't come here very northern mama hello
thank you
I've been out trying to get some shots
wearing a hotel towel because I forgot
to bring shorts to work wet so I've been
climbing the cactus mountains in a towel
nothing underneath but now I decided to
head towards the hotels although I don't
think any one of us wants to leave I
think this is officially my new favorite
surf spot I think this is the cheer that
Riley and read things it's the best surf
they've they've ever had average for
Benny
yeah average Oh average because they
could make that I have an idea we are
going to end today's vlog here because
it does not get any better than this a
white like continued something that does
get better yes look at this light it's
so I so sick here so we're going to say
buenas noches adios hasta ma√±ana I
remembered it all I do
