and good morning for the first time of
the second year of vlogging we are here
in Kabul and Mexico Cabo San Jose
we're staying I'm gonna show you where
we're staying we're staying here at the
beautiful surf hotel we got here last
night and our plan was to not shoot
anything yesterday but I felt like a
drug addict for flying and I'm like I
need to shoot but we said it wouldn't
shoot good then we broke that doing a
couple night lapses yeah but it was like
you can't imagine the energy I feel
right now having a plan for the second
year and I think like for us having one
day off it makes us look just go crazy
in the morning with ideas and all this
stuff so I think we have a great plan it
could have something to do with the fact
that we slept in the bed me and Benny
like we want to we said yesterday we're
like we want to sleep outside so we took
the some bets from out here and put him
in here cuz I think sleeping when you
have the ocean sound it's just the best
so maybe that has something to do with
it as well but as you can see we have
this longboard wave right in front and I
woke up just looking at a long way and
hearing the ocean of sound I feel like
it's gonna be a Eva better second year
because now I watched all the videos and
I'm like I just want to do a lot of
stuff but now I think it's time for some
breakfast and coffee and then figure out
what to do on this little Mexico
adventure I love Mexico already me too
the guacamole down here crazy it's so
far Mexico it's like blowing me away
super winning mega winning look at this
they even have prepared the sand down
there
all cut and that close look the way
so chilling them and I love being back
in like what short life when all you
need is to pair for short and a random
teacher not even t-shirt do you want to
go to the pool so you want to go to the
beach yes a pool right here you know the
beach you have surf you have incredible
food so did super recommend that this
place already that's easy to say it's um
- perfect
Marga will grab a table we just decided
on great breakfast and then we should
head out there yeah but now breakfast I
heard breakfast boy something sitting
down here and then looking at the waves
look at the way just
just asking yes peace surf spot till spa
then you know you have a good room when
you can just put your camera down next
to the bed you can leave it on and just
paddle out shut the door and go right
through the glass it shoot 8k and then
post soon I'll be a bit of an should go
through come on people surf
now we are talking I don't have to
guacamole or the serve or the place it's
the best part about this place
mr. guacamole johnny was in Mexico
lacerations I guess it's the best
guacamole and I might help different
handball Kamali beats that much this is
now I understand what she was talking
about morning sir to start the day
so far thanks boys I'm really loving
Mexico home of me too when do you guys
think we get the new room yeah like now
we're gonna go surf but first we're
gonna try to like lay on the beach I'm
like are you gonna try to get some Sun
yeah we're gonna try not just to eat and
surf we're gonna try to yeah relax a
little
it's really tough because we're looking
like you know right here and then we
have one wave over there which we want
to go try and then we have the wave
right here which is really nice for
longboarding looks like considering how
much we love surfing it's really tough
for us not to just surf all day yeah
read no no you're staying on the beach
we all agreed we're totally not gonna
stay on the beach you know that's just
not us that's not how we do it
how was it it was kind of the surf girl
God's telling us that you should go lay
on the beach now I was watching fun from
here out oh my gosh should I come should
I not but I can feel white foam rocky
like in there and all of a sudden your
foot hits like a rocket into water know
it but look now we are in the new room
everywhere we're gonna put the outside
that's here yes oh yeah even closer when
you have served you get out of the water
you're a little cold
a thing is better than oh hello right in
here I've never had jacuzzis when you
get out of the water from surfing being
a little cold
mm-hmm now we're gonna try to chill for
a second good luck thank you I think I'm
gonna join you shut
are you guys hungry yeah should we order
something
we are hungry
100% awesome
this right here is not a bad post surf
activity
how is life enough control I think this
new new blogger is starting pretty
freakin perfect with a ton of guacamole
and chips and the best thing about this
the site Uruguay New York you know
what's really a little overheated there
we go
since I'm sort of hiding away from the
Sun because I got a little too much of
it today I figured it'd be a perfect
opportunity to sort of bring back a
bunch of stuff that we used to have in
the blog that somewhere along the way
when I was just dressing too much I
forgot so I think it's time that we
bring back today's question and have a
question every day from the comment
section and Alex is it's the first ball
I'm gonna start off this whole new born
question of the day and my question to
you guys is what do you guys think about
publishing days should we go four days
in a row or every other day for us it
doesn't really matter it's about the
same I think personally I would have
done I would have wanted to watch four
days in a row I think so it's kind of
like you get four days little break
something new four days but then again
it's a hundred percent up to you guys so
whatever ends up being the top comment
of today's video will be what we will do
and then I'm kind of having a really
hard time seeing myself with a day when
I'm not shooting so I'm trying to figure
out how to like stay away from going
back to daily vlog concepts because it's
like so much fun issue so yeah it's not
as easy as it sounds to just like go
let's cut down but that was today's
question tomorrow I will pick a new
question out of the comment section and
we will continue that so I'm gonna check
out and see if we're gonna serve some
more or what we're gonna do but as you
can see we're kind of having a kick-ass
time here in Mexico it's way nicer and
way that sort of describe it's just way
better than I expected so life is good I
feel I feel happier than I have been in
months when I watched all the completion
stuff and seeing all you guys comments
and everything so thanks a million
and I will go check out the surf for now
so in a second right there I was just
gonna say is it like I am time slash
Corona time that looks like a good time
God you make me miss the m2m like hell
om it even makes the gorillapod look
good what do you think that it's nice
and for everyone who's watching I'm not
putting a blog over tomorrow
no had way too much fun today just like
surfing and doing nothing
I guess it's good we can alternate a bit
but now my arm is tired so we're gonna
say that for surf hopefully the wind
calms down a bit look I'm shaking oh
come on okay wind get better so we
decided that you guys will see enough
surf anyway so we are gonna end today's
vlog here and then we're gonna show you
bit of scenery as you can see what it
looks like here and how sick it is out
here yes so that's the plan we'll see
I'll wait yeah yeah you know Spanish yes
I do know Spanish and how do you say
good night I'll see you tomorrow
adios
- noches hasta manana
