so
I got it keeps a little bit of spikes
left in those tires but it's hard
because it's like really wet on some
spots are really not wet on the others
the challenging middle place when you
can't drift the rolled such a Novus
drifter rolls and today we are saying
good morning from the place called again
Vulcan of yours well and we are waiting
to take the ferry but before while we
wait to take the ferry I say we do a
little throwback and check out yesterday
and we'll be right back
once the ferry is about to leave we
started with all the cars in Christensen
and we have a photo shoot going on we
have a person on top of a defender who
is that I have no idea the guy's a
champion the people we meet must wonder
what is going on the Batmobile and a guy
on the roof getting full snow and we
made it to and I can't believe what has
happened bolson and benny regular people
and they're going crazy out there no but
it's really quite mean it's not that
often that we say what we're gonna be
but when we do it's a whoa like there's
actually a few people watching this
YouTube yeah exactly then you see the
one app but speaking of this when we
drive all day and then we have that kind
of stuff up here when I did Gumbel when
I came back to the hotel after doing all
the drives I would always put on
Entourage and I washed that to kind of
like get my head too sewn out and kind
of relax but now I'm starting to learn
that this screen that I'm gonna close
yeah you had face yeah we all know that
phone screens all this stuff it's really
bad for you if you want good sleep and
as you know I've been not I am NOT the
world champion of sleeping so we are
actually doing a collaboration because I
am learning things that are good that's
good for me and if we can match a
collaboration with that it's perfect so
today we're doing a collaboration with
audible which is the world's biggest
place for audiobooks documentaries and
basically things you listen to instead
of having that blue light come in your
face and thanks to the fact that we're
doing this collab with audible today we
are able to give you guys a 30 day free
trial and a free book of your choice so
that way you can try it out and problem
we realize as much as I do that it's
good at night to disconnect and just
yeah I think that's really good so to
get this go to audible.com slash you
know listen or text you know some - 500
500 and of course you can find all this
in the description bellow
and hopefully you'll like it as much as
I do because there's a lot of good stuff
you have slopped them you know this it's
not that ibrahim image your favorite and
him being sweet he's like the mega
superstar always wanted to read the book
but I haven't read a book since mom
forced me to read a book so I don't like
reading books but I like the info that's
in them and yeah I just want to
recommend that and that is the last
thing that we are gonna recap this day
with because it is time to start another
hectic day so let's see what's Laughlin
has to say and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
is that a Norwegian hot dog it's the
bacon making of cheese hot dogs wrapped
in bacon yeah the bacon core I think
it's a very good choice this wooden
orbit this is like the best product in
Norway that's why we choose this look
you know what it's good a few words are
just a bonus these things like this
country anymore
and we are about to get off the ferry
and continue our journey today we are
going to Bergen and if you wonder why we
have all these cars going around in
Norway it's it's like a gumball but just
friends
yes so you bring you know your best
friends a lot of cool cars and you go
see sick places and drive fun cars so
that there's no deeper meaning to it
it's just a fun week of friends and cars
nothing could be better and now we're
gonna go experience it seriously see the
food no this place is so nice up here
what have you doing in the middle of the
road yeah we're trying to wait for
everybody somehow we got separated like
every day every day weird I don't know
how it happens but we're chilling here
with George George is loved in Norway
he's having a great time and of course
you saw the scenery that we've gone
through and now we are added to this
fewer deer which is really cool I love
this place close to fall good fun where
I've skied a lot that's why I love this
motor because you're driving around you
get to see a lot of cool places it's the
first time I ever seen this it's nice
right look up here so we came through
the mountain it was a tunnel straight
through the mountain we came out from
the bottom here I love this place
yeah me too we need to thank miss you
Lightner he was he's the kind new owner
that let me borrow the car so thank you
for hooking us up so that we didn't have
to ride like a quad wheeler or something
that would have been really cold
and the good ol Beamer
looking good and I've been here a lot
before so I can imagine everybody from
around the world this being like the
moon oh let's go you can do it yeah but
this is a bit slippery you're gonna kill
myself
yeah I think so okay I threw the camera
so you can see anything never throw
anything to me that doesn't sounds good
apparently we did donuts in someone's
garden we just reject the garden listen
and the rest of the convoy
every time everywhere thank you and this
is the actual situation
there's a Batmobile Block in the road
he looks entertain no was not
entertained we're so bad at this whole
waiting thing
yeah then we stop loosing it good yeah
we want to get the light for the next
ferry yeah we're about to go on another
ferry in you know of one and all the you
know
now there's a chaos starting behind you
peace out look out the back of the
babble bail in this mini roads
this looks like gumball
we're expecting first Halloween
that's maybe why they were all silent
magic Hotel yeah that works magic to me
good luck I don't know how we're gonna
open the door
Wow okay okay well I guess we should try
to get our bags good luck with that
yeah this is crazy I don't know what to
do yeah the preview stuff was crazy but
this is this is like ten times crazier
yeah hold on
me
each signatory yeah one meter one meter
get a second one or something
Kamala
by the way such a Levin gee how are you
we just got back for probably the best
dinner
what Casablanca yes okay sir loquacious
CD Miyoko they love like our villa
Bianchi villa beyond our villa villa
Bianca Villa Bianca Bianca and it was
fantastic in order to get there I pulled
my best Leo DiCaprio walking out of the
hotel like this and no I walked out
unspotted and then we had a nice thing
it was good to get some a long time
because that was some serious serious
craziness which is awesome but it's nice
to sneak away sometimes and now we're
really tired so we can just say the been
another eventful day lots of driving
lots of crazy people in crazy cars and
we are joined by Warner who's gonna join
us for the rest of the trip all we have
left now is to lay down in bed we're
gonna listen to the sloth on audiobook
really yeah we're done with all Tasha's
crap yeah no screen tonight I'm a pretty
big audio book fan that's our new
strategy to sleep now we're gonna sleep
first hey hey yeah every feet together
since it broke stead
joe-joe
yeah but she said to her oh
