are you ready for the hike of your life
we are so demonic or vacuum moly
well hello Tokyo yarn aveo were made it
American part of monocles it's going to
be a pretty epic thing let's go then I
guess it's time for the daily good
morning I'm trying to get better and not
say you are we are basically just gonna
have fun and enjoy
I initially wanted to make video blog
and then I got in contact with Marcus
and we did a blog and then we did like
250 more blog and the whole project was
a bit bigger than we initially had we
said we wouldn't celebrate it now we
have we do appreciate everyone given us
all the love that's what like motivates
us to walk around like this
they all were killed
all right jump
I'm trying to prepare what we're doing
but I don't know what we're doing it I
don't know how to prepare it I went here
to get sickness and I forgot the tickets
a lot of pieces
I just got a text from the we've delayed
by 15 minutes I could anymore oh yeah
I'm pixel them dice with us you learn
movies come here time whenever Marcus
brings me the energetic kind of like the
Washington like you get so now I'm going
to grab my morning coffee watch the boy
is s today we're going to let you know
we'll drop the hold again don't you want
to go over all the things you wanted to
do and look at your smile now look at my
smile here are you normal mark this is
like an international Instagram model
now we are just doing vlog so that we
can promote our Instagram yes it's the
secret behind the vlog it's been
revealed very good if you put water into
his face of course this is a bad prank
oh it's good come looking for us
yeah okay
holy stickball are you
kidding me are you kidding you gotta be
kidding no I'm not kidding
today we're driving a thousand
kilometers to Marbella hi Inez any of a
licensed coffee it's how a teen travels
let's do it
insignificant
everything for this well let's see what
you got
with them and blacklash is in atlanta
10,000 euro 300 to 800 but that's like
Canada Quebec so so that kind of we need
a lot my wife would say 1835 that one in
the last 100 days we have barely a time
to eat because if we're not out doing
things we are on the computer editing
there's so much more we can do with this
channel if we had more time that is why
we are looking for a third member for
team overkill under a scammers try the
one I've seen the most comments under
them your mother divided use your chance
to create ultimate yeah we're actually
going to stop first picked up Benjamin
he's going to help me out for a couple
days I need a border is if you just know
we are a two team took means triple
effort we have army coming and all
fulfill human
good
then watch what should we do I have no
idea she's we're going to town do we
have a car yeah yeah
ok so now we're going to the grocery
store alright oh you're getting it
around Anna don't want me to leave don't
stand around I just wish we could have a
thousand people for throw away you see
what it means to make the blog like this
we booked our tickets 36 minutes ago and
we managed to pack up finder right at
the airport and now we are going to try
to get on the plane I still can't
believe that we're all this one but I'm
happy
for everyone's safety please remain free
diddle dirty balls laughter until the
aircraft comes back Oh bleep stop at the
gate and the captain turns off the
fasten seatbelt sign
that was the most fun I've had in a long
time so to get to show the world through
your guys good morning rally Makayla
here Jason kind of look like the Jewish
couple I know
Oh
I've always been to the airport
I guess it's good hey Marcus oh I'm so
happy you want to be in the right you
see your in the vlog on a nice cut I
think it's so cool to meet people here
in Japan the boss
I never explained that growth to the
flesh you are now I'm not being you to
see the finger I just want to make
videos about what we did
I think we're growing with Tracy and
once we thank you everyone who
subscribes and watches and especially
thank you to all the guys that come up
to me to say that you're motivated by
what we do that's why the biggest
conference but inspire people to work
hard and not be afraid to dream
I think you have placed a memory card so
we will fear tomorrow we'll see what
else we come up with with upset we will
say over and out and yannis you want to
go ahead we hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog and we will see you soon ciao ciao
ciao
