and good morning is running for the
365th time in 365 days I get to start
the day by saying good morning to you
guys which is curation when you think
about it you look back it at whole year
of vlogging without a plan to have a
daily vlog and I just can't kind of
believe they're standing here a year
later with a daily vlog every single day
and I feel really proud of it so I say
we might as well kick things off with a
little compilation of good mornings
because I know people love to make fun
of those so here goes little good
morning good morning good morning good
morning good morning good morning good
morning good morning
morning Morgan good morning good morning
good morning good morning good morning
good morning good morning good morning
good morning morning good morning good
morning morning good morning good
morning good morning good morning good
morning good morning good morning good
morning good morning good morning good
morning good morning good morning good
morning good morning good morning good
morning good morning so I don't know how
that became my thing but we just sort of
I like to start the day by good morning
because I feel like that gives me energy
and it's funny when I started I'm like
all right let's do vlogs and then the
idea was to like you know capture the
memories that was the number one thing
and then I kind of figured yeah maybe
it's good a couple sponsors my Kara and
think it's good if I do some daily vlogs
I can't believe that we have had you
know the increase in falling that we've
had that we have you know 250,000 people
watching the vlog every single day and I
love you guys for doing that because if
you guys watch it it gives us motivation
to shoot and that means that we'll save
all the members that we have so I say we
go make some more memories we're trying
to figure out where to travel today so
first up is to get some coffee and then
I could talk about this vlog for like
six hours all the memories I want to
show like when I was looking through all
that videos that we shot them last year
my god like I could make 25,000 throw
bags because there's just so much stuff
that was shot so but I'm going to try
not to do all that much throwback it's
really hard though this is so much
good stuff but first up coffee because
now there's just a bunch of parts like
ruining our shot but now we have good
morning with not so many cars so Toph
the time is Riley coffee Oh
again welcome now we have the best
coffee the best breakfast massive
Iranians fire yeah of course you bring
everything first bring out the coffee
hmm
timid Asia have your life change yeah do
you have the cookie with the maple latte
yeah puddlers for Calabasas not getting
paid but we love it so promoting link in
the description Reaper motion no good
stuff should get some listen yes and
then we have a bunch of radios oh
whatever these juices are oh yes like
they are the best juices I've ever tried
yeah they're good are they home idea
press juicer II still one year and
promoting like super hard and still
buying it full price um but what I
wanted to show you here this is that
funny so this here is holding clothing I
bought for my two-weeks la trip and then
the rest of this bag was filled with
camera gear a double decide and this one
test you have problems with fine yeah
like the first step is admit it yeah the
first step to like getting better this
admitting okay alright
but first of all we have some coffee
oh all right good
how does that look Leo Kanner all frame
we just got to Riley's place and I
figured that before we continue our date
I thought it was you know a good time on
an anniversary vlogs you like you know
talk about the energy and the light that
sort of required to manage somehow make
a daily vlog and I'm not gonna lie like
doing a daily vlog for one year in a row
every single day have for sure like no
doubt been the biggest challenge of my
life it's so much fun to shoot
everything and I love all of it but the
constant like trying to remember what
you shot how that works with that and
everything makes me your brain never
gets to rest and you know I just feel
like the first six months you know
pretty feel like you know not bad at all
but then the longer I went without my
brain having any sort of rest the
tougher was and to be honest like two
three weeks ago I was like I can't do it
like how do I find the energy you know
to push through for you know full year
and I think the reason was
extraordinarily know what I was doing
because we started a blog and I you know
we were doing videos and then all of a
sudden we were doing daily vlogs and
coming onto the one year I was like what
are we doing after like you know how
will it all work and I think that
uncertainty of what I was continuing
with made it way harder for me to find
the energy and everything so I mean I'd
love to be positive and I want to show
energy and positivity through this vlog
and inspire people you know to work hard
but also to enjoy life and I think
sometimes well I think a lot of times
actually I'm probably not very good at
enjoying life I I get to do all these
things but I'm constantly I'm trying to
figure out how to make better videos
because when I looked at the video
section comments and I want to make sure
that every single comment it's like
that's the best blog I've ever seen and
I want a hundred thousand likes and zero
dislikes and that's not possible when
you do a daily blog like their delight
your life is up and down and it you know
everyone's not going to be the best but
I'm so like competitive and such
perfectionist that I keep trying to
accomplish this and I think sometimes I
try too hard I should just kind of relax
shoot our life and
you know be a bit more normal and I
think you guys will probably enjoy that
and I think going on to next year with
four dogs a week I can relax more and
just sort of enjoy it and be yeah I'm
trying not to like be so caught up with
perfection so that I can just yeah make
good vlogs and not worry too much about
it because sometimes I might like I was
like what is everyone thinking like
because I read all the comments every
day every comments and if they're not
perfect I'm like I feel so bad because I
want to create the best possible stuff I
can for everyone watching but yeah I
thought it was a good thing to also
mention the fact that it is enormous
push to do a vlog every single day and
even though I stay positive on the blog
like it's it's been tough on and on well
I'll be honest and say that but now I
feel like I have a plan and I'm excited
and I'm really looking forward
everything so it's like kind of like
creating a plan I think it's important
so now we are going to try to go and get
some surf stuff because that's part of
our plan for the future or the next
couple days so I hope you guys enjoy the
bit of sincerity and seriousness on the
board but with that set we'll continue
and just try to make great stuff I'm not
going to stop doing great stuff but I
should probably enjoy a bit more because
I think that's much more important like
we said yesterday sometimes enjoying
what you do is more important than just
profession
and that's something I struggle with
because I want everything to be perfect
but sometimes a valgus better when it's
not perfect so keep reminding me of that
if I lose sight and that I seem just
like boom boom sometimes that's how my
brain works but you are who you are you
can only try to work on getting creating
a better version of that so now we're
going to start the newbie air already
here I feel better so now okay now I'm
just talking I kind of like talking that
you guys because it's like if I go on
our shrink I guess I'm just like yeah
talk to new people sometimes that's good
oh I hope you guys keep commenting and
keep liking and yeah remember that I
read everything so if I am sucking tell
me but do it in a constructive way so
know how to make it better let's go on
some surf gear
of the stores the dangers are blogging
here needs for you I mean I lost the
weight but not that much
ah hobble boy but the thing would be so
fun isolated yeah home are great like
I'm in an alley I don't know anything
about like on board mm-hmm
but not too bad I want to kill him what
would Kelly do he was just when I mean I
like the color of this one do you find a
son would know but Betty recommended a
helmet always there's too much of a flat
head for the do you find a good one yeah
we just decided that Riley has sat on a
board so why buy another board you know
what if you did but you should buy more
because if you do buy a board you're not
gonna want to go home with it you're
gonna leave it in my house and I can
surf it when you're not around
yeah buy a board you can't eat any my
board yeah I'm fine anyone I could board
I stuff like a certain like color or
something special I'm like yes yeah yeah
speak to you yeah you have to be like
falling in love the same thing here I'm
like looking for something special so if
there's a yeah I don't have any short I
mean either I've lost some weight since
I stopped ski racing so now my shirts
are too big stain logging staying safe
trying to figure out what size I am now
I'm 31 I think should you alright okay
I'm gonna go try summers coming up you
can never have too many shorts size
related to destroy hi you've said weird
in mine too
supposed to be like something here
you're a hundred percent ready hope you
squaw me enough to like this that looks
good dude it who's now this spoke to me
that if it had you this is you I love
this thing
you need you yeah like Lord so you have
kind of like a chill thing but then you
have the star inside happy he goes to
everybody with your mouth - is like
ready for Mexico you guys see how ready
like open the door to the Hongkong about
to get in I see like a baby thing is
like no this is that's a good one oh
that was like a pretty like semi above
successful but not like a hundred
percent successful mission we got our
board shorts and we got the top but we
got these would yeah well in terms of
like not spending money which is good
should we add for a night sir check the
web can't see if there's away because
weather is up the water to the
probable messing up the water yeah we're
gonna go check webcams to see if we're
going to surf or not but when we go do
that
I have an idea over the last year we
have had a million sick like just moment
then I wanted to just like what I've
been looking through all the vlogs we're
not going to show you all the old stuff
see I know you've seen that but just
little moment I think belongs in an
anniversary video so let's do that and
then we'll be right back once we've
checked the surf web cam enjoy the best
for just a bunch of good moments from
the past year best of the best
hello good morning but I was like what a
jump what the hell is going on here
max you crazy and oh maybe
a really bad idea this you can land on
this brakes we have a swan okay
wish me luck
just out here in a lambo you have a
friend
Oh
you
the Queen yeah that's where you actually
report and then you let built okay and
here's a design school if you don't want
to go fast coming too
we're not getting caught in flight no
matters like lost and then let go okay
so what you're never gone that fast and
you're not really free module
but if you give us use the police car
you will give it up trade the police car
yeah I mean I take yours and you take
this yeah but I have blue lights I can
go fast
nice you wanted to try the police cover
this I just want it light what do you
say I say like yeah yeah I said I think
if you awesome to have a police car do
you think your magic fingers because
this is what always happens to me
this never happens to me you can't carry
skis they can't start up a drone just
let me fall right
three fail you sure they said it this is
how you testing because the description
there ah hello do you know anything
about drones
I have all my love mom okay not that
complicated okay can you find it for us
the coupon are you bullshitting you
don't know it yeah yeah oh
okay every Grand Prix you have to finish
by jumping off the shuttle boat agretti
don't got your head
one sec one minute one jump what's going
on
no we're not taking at it surf report
but I have the funniest thing I was just
inside and I was reading common and I
was really Riley's comments and they're
like I love your vlogs like Union are
really different but I love how like how
you guys are not trying to be overkill
and like that it's like more easygoing
and then we have Riley out here who the
red with the slider if you think you
want to buy a red again and the slider
naturally of August Riley it's so
easygoing and since you're shooting the
dog it's I feel way too good right
you're smiling I see a huge smile I hate
standing for doing a shoot for Ivy's law
you know it's not just like you know
random thinks he shoots you like likes
to set up his shots Alaska boy I told
the guy that was commenting that we're
going to be teen happy medium from now
to meet you that's gonna happen right
you guys don't miss one minute when
we're all together out of this class
we're gonna look pretty good training
for Cabo
nope you have to watch that in Riley's
vlog saw yes and the link is here up
there left hand this is oh yes okay now
we're gonna go try to look at the surf
camp
so as you can see there was no surfing
today the webcams told us no good so in
order to stay away from your jet
language thing you know never a bad time
to go plate a bit with the inspire to
this thing it's the craziest sickest
thing ever
and now we're just on the top of a
mountain and grab we're having fun joy
yes boys and their toys that you're
gonna play with my little beach what do
you do but didn't baby anything for
hahahaha look at it what
but it is easier to bring but holy moly
this thing is sick but I say that before
we end today's video I think I really
need to say a million thank you to
everyone that's helped me with the vlog
I mean of course most of all Marcus for
being the man pushing through got me to
do all this stuff and then all the
filmers and now Benji that is taking up
the torch to carry well to carry on the
hog so yeah we're going to just play a
bit more you guys can enjoy that and we
will be back tomorrow with the
compilation or the best of the best from
the past year and then the day after
that we'll be back with the first vlog
of the new year which feels exciting I
feel like we're we're all excited yes
you know yeah I feel like it
a newborn motivation it's almost like
I'm like should we really do for vlogs
here maybe nor a week maybe we should do
more but not then I'm like no I want to
keep like trying to get better and in
order to get better you need time to
think
so for vlogs a week from now we will be
thank you and good things to come well
end up with that oh yes I almost forgot
we saw in the comments that you guys
still want the good morning in the chell
but we hope somewhere along the way we
forgot the ending in whatever country
we're in in that language so today we're
going to say good night we'll see you
guys tomorrow and good night no time
you
