and good morning that is actually one of
the hardest parts of this log to get
started in the morning and we kind of
started saying good morning and then I
kind of like yeah I kind of became one
of the things we did so that's actually
my first question now two days away from
a full year to rican tin you say good
morning like a I feel kind of weird and
then uh what was your I was just asking
everyone here if they think we should
continue saying good morning ah and ciao
what do you think about things I don't
know like we had yeah I saw online when
I was looking at all the compilations
that there was a you know some good
morning compilation three yeah Marty
good morning but it's like I started
saying it cause it's like good morning
and it's good to Saturday with this that
maybe second year would be different
yeah so I figured we'll ask you guys
know good morning the know ciao or
continue come in below the anxiety let
us know top comments were weird that I
was also saying that it's getting start
in the mornings like the hardest a like
then you're like we're shooting here now
and I was like talking I'm like yes we
have a good intro and then I see some
people come in like take your selfie
like backward feels like I feel so
awkward sitting here talking to my
camera yeah yeah that's like so that's
the hard part of logging when you're
around people I do feel we yeah I'm not
used to it yet and it's been a year so I
don't know if I'll ever get used to
cooking practice makes perfect
yeah but as you can see we're here or
Londa airport we are about to board an
SAS flight from stockholm to LA and and
you might wonder why are we in stockholm
fly in LA when we could have gone from
Malaga we were in Malaga looking at
every single flight from Europe to LA to
see who had the best voice turns out the
Stockholm has the best flight according
to me price and stopover wise and
airline wise out of all Europe so that's
why we flew here we're going to get on a
nice flight we're going to see how many
buttons penny can stay away from
time to enjoy
because the theater
so contact number two for today filming
in business class is awkward so I guess
that's why Casey always goes to the
bathroom
to film houses next looking out the
window and I sold the mountain so I went
to shut up and I figure out jump in say
hi now said hi so now we can continue
pie and trying out film out there at
real awkward oh look at this glacier how
is that glacier now that's what I call
it you and a half new place on that I
need to go was Greenland how sick does
all those glaciers look very nursing
gotta go get bitches you can check it
out
Cheers welcome to the thank you oh here
you are
everything I hope so how are you feeling
hahahahahaha
do you agree do you wanna know I could
have been a better the whole time but
now that was a good fight
yeah you're good job sucks hello some
Swedish what get anything
yeah press press pause left yeah there
were super nice yeah I guess the site
was nice but they were really gentle and
continuing United States of America yeah
well we should try to book a hotel and
figure out where we're going tomorrow
who and here we are doubtless these
might guess border control I've ever
seen in my life to the left so quick
slides quick boarding to film all is
good now we just have to figure out
where we're going to stay too nice
defense
we will never be accused of being team
bucum plan in advance we just landed
here in LA Riley's house is full there's
a bunch of render so now we're going to
figure out where to say but we'll get in
the cab on the way towards like that
area no problem right
so her addition over thought that I am a
rebel sugar-free life
this was good young
we'll be at the wrong we logger
Instagrammer all the plane takes because
that's not becoming it's not good
everything end I have an idea I think
everyone has a lot of highways in LA so
I say while we jump in this quarter of
Calabasas we can have a look at some
skiing because we got a lot of cool team
down the last year so let's check out
some of what I thought about their
skiing this year whose it is the second
of last day before the new year so check
it out skiing Garret all right it does
not get better
what I call perfection
let's do it
oh my god
yeah landing site
poof of them all we need Rainier
computers and pizza in the dual the top
I many times they initiated a Range
Rover and a fellow logger now I hidden
hoop that have to carry so much
with me it'll cut it gets worse and work
now at least I managed to forget
everything on a plane this year
I forgot my iPhone my passport another
computer never runs twice I don't know
to be honest I was like this is what
your friends look like you know if is
making a furniture I built so much ever
they are how far we've come to sir for
my arrest me - it's coming Benji come in
dude hey how's the treat jetlag in the
best possible way what I like have a bit
of pizza and build an Ikea bed and then
go surfing
oh yeah that's the doctor ordered but I
feel like I'm really jet lag so I'm feel
like I'm hitting Riley in the head with
the board four times ha ha - you like it
never made it huh who's gonna have the
fun one but we can rock paper scissor on
the other team Costco boards Maggie's
camera there we go ha ha ha ha double
double
yeah giving Riley a ton of stuff that is
when he's gonna add it to good luck
Riley had all hello this is the worst I
think Riley I would be your filmer today
you know he and I know many all right
yeah perfect
that's the behind the scene thank you
ready you're good
this is such a weird thing right now
okay so you should say something good
and funny I'm like productive walk
around get in the car and then like we
still shouldn't be here all all right
I'm gonna go shut the garage door
actually know what I have a clicker in
there let's go to beat
I think we are ready but we are at least
will be ready once we get our hair wet
so that we wake up
the chart
that ended up be way more fun that I
thought you know what today was actually
a great example the more camera gear and
more everything it's not always better
no now one GoPro so we had to be out
there having fun on the way together
instead of having one guy on the beach
and we were all in the walk yeah it was
epic
identical a phone we got one move all
together and it was I got into first
because then you got on it and then
Betty's kind of feel like this you
notice that we just I just see you and
going nosedive like Costco boy in the
wheel what's cool yeah concepts yeah I'm
trying to learn like if I read the
comments and they're like you know
sometimes perfect is not the best having
fun and like telling a story more
importance I'm working on it
we had one GoPro today with one third of
a battery so yeah since we're here for
the ones who doesn't know bribe me GS
now also started a vlog 20 vogs ago I
just a 20-block so everyone that's like
comments that we should do 20 minute
blogs I get the chance to watch 10
minutes of Riley so you get 20 minutes
all combined yeah it's just really good
we're going to figure out how to combine
vlogging because we're going to we
haven't figured out where to go yet
tomorrow we need good weed you got
pizzas and talk that over yeah oh yeah
yeah sounds like a good plan I say we
should end today here it's been epic we
started in Stockholm school all the way
over and then we built some McKim
furniture and now again I've also had
comments that I like for people who have
done it it's not bad it's a good it's
good to remember yeah but like yeah yeah
yeah what you get and you get a dub jet
line I can't say so with studying spoke
home and ending in here on the beach
good day that's a very big
contraire
yes we all just keying in there so hope
everyone likes the mix of skiing and a
bit of surfing here and we'll be back
tomorrow seeing where we go we should go
hope that we'll go somewhere nice
because it's our one-year anniversary
tomorrow
not us no no very weird
that's the bouquet over and out trust
