hey good morning neighbor say good
morning from Stockholm because we were a
bit of a in a hurry this morning so we
had to improvise a little no yes how did
that turn out to be so stressful I don't
know we received these and it's a boring
time 10:40 and I look at my watch and
it's 939 when we got it yeah but this
time was a bit less stressful than the
other one just enough time to grab each
really so much thank you we now made a
plan that every time we're going to
leave Marbella from now on we're gonna
have everything packed everything ready
one day in advance oh it's always
stressful you're like no I don't want to
leave the song of the knife and
everything and then you're stressing I
don't like to stress why do I put myself
in position to have to stress but now we
have four hours on a flight to Stockholm
to relax because we're flying to LA
tomorrow but there's no good flights
whatsoever
out of Malaga four ply to Stockholm
tonight spending a night there and then
at 8:00 tomorrow yeah
Oh
oh wow it's a good flight that's a nice
way to start the morning I think mm-hmm
now we're just up to finer bags do we
see our flight no but I know it's like
from here tomorrow so maybe we should
just stay here do we have a nice couch
good this is what I used to do back in
the day I stayed at Arlanda on top of a
surf back mm-hmm wanted to say money
flew from Oris to Sun at night spent the
night sleeping on a surf bag in Orland
Airport and then we flew to Bali the
next day I like this yeah it's so any
young and you have electricity and you
have internet and you have everything
balled up back down there was like no
internet slaw and speaking of memory
since we are now three days away from
having done a vlog every single day from
365 days I figured that it's time to
look at what I think was a bit of the
highlights from the last year and I say
that we should start with whatever I
think of first and when I think of the
last year and like the best memories
it's probably this summer going to be so
add Richard spoke
but the lady sisters check chillin and
the shape
you like the shade I love the game
it's nice without the engine sound yeah
I want to go off will go off man feels
like after 78 hours
what are you doing so we decided that
the gas machine is an evil machine we're
going to let fate decide who gets the
treat the evil machine with the card
lottery the credit card roulette do you
want an 3 on e 1 2 or onwards and to the
Lord rector again alright so we will
pick the card do you want to pick the
card yeah I can drink you are the one
who will pay today is good please please
stop machine I could see my evil scholar
I'm so much older
chai sir scheisse again now I really
want the tag to be full what is a
hundred and no 1993 oh wow we can eat
noodles my favorite dinner love oh thank
you we understand it off I always lose
credit card roulette sorry
well at least like I can't contribute
with boat skills but at least I can
contribute with this for half the trip I
might have to jump false half way free
keep through this ciao ciao
see you later gas station
all right so we're gonna end today's
vlog here I don't think we're getting
any luggage today you don't see anything
anything left but no so we're gonna go
and try to find some luggage but I think
we can look at more stuff from that trip
to visa because dumb warning the first
stuff we shot it was like my first or
second or third time flying a drone I'm
so nervous and then trying to edit and I
was slow and I remember just being in
the front of the boat not sleeping
pretty much the whole night because I
was trying to make a vlog and then there
was just an incredible trip that water
turquoise water everything any of these
I was sick so check that out and we're
going to go and try to find some back is
it nice
phone I am coming
to find a nice place
I'm calling a paradise better
than this much less I'm going to show
you we have to take the S key okay I'll
jump on the ED code yeah
okay so apparently we are going to
paradise not that I see how things could
be much better than this going up
ah here oh this is a de belt that when I
Drive like ten thousand times better
why did they put it here I don't know I
think they put it with the back because
they think it was bigger or no it's like
normal size but that was three oh yeah
and if we would have left to LA tomorrow
morning not gotten them and then gone to
LA not gotten them and then go on
somewhere else well could have been up a
big iPhone blog because we had a bunch
of chargers in here basically everything
Oh like just turn to the better
sometimes you're a bit lucky yeah we
could have even like walked past and not
even like yeah finally a report of them
like lost and we're just walking out and
that was great that feels great like
this yeah it feels good and then also
watching all the memories I like because
what the reason I started like vlogging
again in the first place was that I saw
a bunch of old videos they're ten years
old and my god it's so called out of the
memories and now when I'm like looking
back looking all the best stuff I'm like
now I know why we put so much time into
this because having these memories is
incredible and as you saw that trip to
Ibiza was like absolutely fantastic and
I can't wait we're going on another one
this summer so hey looking forward to it
with bigger cameras more editing skills
and more overkill but now we have
luggage yeah
we're you now we just need to figure out
where we're going to stay tonight
Wow yeah another question that's one
either problem oh no we have litigate
it's the best yeah no I will sleep on
the floor like old school yeah hi
are you ready for some good old max
burger second time that's max burger
it's like when you never go to Sweden
it's like Beck's burger I like it a lot
while we eat this it's not going to be
pretty at all I say that we I mean I
could take like five thousand now not
five thousand three hundred and sixty
four videos that I think has so many
great things but I want to show one more
thing that has like within the summer
concept because then we have the
completion video like everything but
another part of the summer that really
stood up was when we went to Mallorca
with Riley making
and jumped a bunch of clips so enjoy a
bit more summary things while we crush
this and we'll be right back oh did it
hurt did you do the rest
oh that was a deep miscalculation that
was much more airtime than I thought not
did it look so pro that was really
straight to my back Oh see it's fine
honey
no aah look at me I'm Erica still
smiling probably kind of wrote on my
back though take it easy
how did I get around that quickly okay
I got to go up and do it again and do it
properly really never saw upon a failure
better see where do you do something in
you fail if you don't go right back up
and do it then you're going to get
scared of it but now it's okay but that
was the higher cost and I thought it was
because I had to send that really slope
oh yeah
looking at Riley up there it is higher
it's way higher than team
really nice oh it was so nice in the air
but it is when you get to those Heights
it gets pretty painful in the lambing
yeah yeah I can feel like I was coming
down perfect and I can feel like my
whole body Ratana getting a good beating
you know there's stairs here I know but
my balls hurt but now I jumped the arch
so now we can go home
oh look at that look what a view we
found not bad right that's the tendons
for you yeah it's almost as nice as that
little trip to Majorca and it's funny if
you look at that landlord like the
biggest jump with the arch that's where
I like Bruce my spine and I couldn't do
anything for four months but looking
back seeing that I can't wait to go back
and do it again mm-hmm really normal
right but it's like that's what I think
now when I watch the blog I'm like God
like I should just relax like shoot a
vlog I can enjoy it but sometimes I get
so caught up and trying to make it
better than I forget to enjoy it but
when I look back at all this stuff I'm
like okay like it doesn't have to be
that hard you shoot a bog and enjoy and
do fun things so it's like really good
for me to see like I'm all pumped off to
like fire your leg I feel more energy
than ever so now I'm just going to grab
look at this we saw these binoculars I'm
gonna grab these do a bit of plane
spotting and we'll be right back to see
our play so tomorrow ah in Dutch yeah
one of the suspects who could check out
what I'm seeing and we will be back
the
yeah who is it Oh who may it be
everything salsa yeah look what it's
doing it's magic
yes see sometimes good with a lot of
equipment the red is already look I have
red ooh boom ah red ready a little okay
actually have red rattle I didn't have
one of these I got a delivery
thank you with a bunch of Red Bull
that's a new summer edition I'm trying
to the man behind the replacement cap
yeah too much like a dirt bike like in
the brown right nice okay we're ready to
travel
how many perfect five or six it was kind
of last minute questions I have this and
you have the red over there I say that
we say goodnight for today and then just
end today with that crazy sunset oh yeah
that's a good idea yeah number we'll be
right back I feel already now going
towards like the New Year like I'm now
going to count my years in like not New
Year's but like new vlog years and so
going into the new year
I already feel more excited like I feel
like doing a little less inspire make us
do more but I feel like now we have a
plan always more of a different but now
it's like it's exciting so we're going
to go to bed just excited yes or not
sleep at all who knows yeah so over and
out from team Stockholm rebel
the coil ciao ciao
