just got something wrong way they are
wounds on Murphy where are you going to
memories Polaroid yellow in the Sun
longing to be seen now this looks like a
way to start the morning we are visiting
Yanni today and I'm going to try to join
her boot camp for yoga yeah lots of
training today retreat in the middle of
nowhere exactly like Indonesia Alaska oh
wow
welcome aboard - Parris oh yeah oh yeah
over there birthday okay well it's
better than him thirsty precise
okay so slight turn of events Charsadda
Yanni has gotten like a super high fever
overnight she's like dying in her room
so I told her you stay in the room and
I'm gonna go and do the activities
exactly and what is the next activity
this is 101 sedatives and later in the
maravilla are going to do a stretching
class
Oh stretching that's what we need well I
think that's the place we should go each
time we are in Marbella here's one not
the Hendrick here that is foot go down
up jumping on quick open chest
I was coming up to hang out with Jonnie
Jonnie answer fever and then that
circuit looked like it'll wake us up
maybe we should write three places today
I film
last one good morning good mommy Oh
anything with like the like I'm okay
when it comes to the core then I'm
watching you and all the girls they're
always good I don't know we have next on
our schedule I should probably go look
after Yanni see you guys do the next two
have to be working up be honest okay now
you just do yourself don't look at you
yeah that's a good program
yeah y'all new like putting all this
together come in take a walk then I'm
like a feelin just like sorry maybe have
a little fever they give her a kiss
issues like boiling huh I'm like you lay
down looks good
we need to get in the shape better shape
put her vote no no we had a we had mr.
ambulance come back ambulance arrived
that sounds terrible if you're leaving
us they're gonna go and take a blood
test because I've been so sick so long
so thank you get healthy mm-hmm poor
little young me luckily daddy was around
so he's gonna take care take y'all need
to go get a blood test so so now we're
hosting a boot camp when I'm thinking so
go go get a test well get better and we
will be the boot camp masters good
already
yeah we're livin you look really relaxed
yes that's perfect
relaxed yeah you look real I was
sweating like a little bit in this
stretch okay look yeah now we're going
to stretch nice we'll see you in a
little bit yeah we'll take care of
everyone will be team leaders see you
soon
so and now it's yeah now it's time for
session number two and it's stretching
moon drenching is something we don't do
enough of and I think we should do it
more
it's good for my lower back no
stretching no no good no good
so at this very second we realized that
art Mike was living its own life and it
did not record a single sound we were
saying and it just like the cake so that
is life when you're doing daily vlog
sometimes you have equipment
malfunctions which makes the story kind
of go away so now we are roughly 24
hours later kind of like trying to piece
it all together now we are but now I'm
going to explain that first so we did
the stretching we walked around we
chilled a bit and then we went for yoga
and I have not done yoga in like seven
stuff up a long time you're working now
you're working Mike no no uh-uh
internal sound testing one two one two
that sounds better okay that's the
camera uh-huh
it's not the mic we're just realized
since the camera that is not good
Sony you only live the vlog life for
like a couple months and you rarely like
surrendering come on I made it like a
year without dying and now you're like
broken legs
like that like a jerk my back twice in
the last two years so I need the
stretching is lower yeah lower back
explain love easy bracelet it's good I
need the stretching and then the balance
muscles really fun yeah no I think it's
alright like it it's just good to get
those little balance muscles going and I
really really like I was a little afraid
of it
well the other said it was so so tough
but as I guess it's like them no no it
was great
you naughty 5-year sir yeah somebody
trying to look like what's the no but
now I was super super fun and now we I
feel my back feels good don't he's like
a boy no no now we take me to thank you
so much thank you okay so as you see
we're still experiencing some problems
and this vlog a little different one but
I hope it's okay sometimes you know
that's life and yeah we're gonna leave
it at that
we will to gel and over now and then we
wanted to show how cool the place is
retreat that Yanni was that so enjoy a
bit of scenery and we will see you guys
tomorrow we have some fun stuff coming
up so over and out from team you all got
master okay
