and good morning today I'm having a good
day I woke up at 5:30 and I felt like
the fresh it's been kind of a while
since I woke up and like just felt ready
to go like that good ol you an email
like doing a lot of things but today I
woke up and I felt good which is really
nice and I think now we're all ready to
go and get some hard drives you know do
a couple things the only problem is we
left the golf car outside and we did not
charge it so the question is will we
make it down there I wonder if the boys'
already at all
here we go we're gonna give it a try we
might have to push this thing home which
would be really really really bad what
do you think do you think we will make
it with the non-charged golf car so we
have a good 50/50 chance that's kind of
like what I'm thinking we have a good 15
people if we have to push everybody's
real stoked on working out with their
legs but yeah we are all kind of feeling
Hendrix workout yesterday and the day
before in our legs that's greatest thing
doesn't run out about it because that
would gave us a serious workout but then
again we're not the kind of people that
take the safe way for you guys haven't
pushed yet so you don't know how bad it
actually is I'm excited
heydo terrible but I push the golf cart
yeah all right well let's see how far we
get
I see three dots out of six on the
battery meter and they usually shows
full no matter what that is not that as
I could change your plans we are hoping
that Richards home so we can put this
thing on a charge because it's not we
are first shirt pushing your old car
today it's so keys here nope
ah yeah I got up through that Lego set
yeah there we're leaving this thing here
for a couple hours and now we're back to
50 percent chance of pushing we realized
we forgot to charge the golf car so we
were hoping you're home in you sport
I've never tried on teeth before and
it's way way harder than I expected so I
can you turn yeah u-turn u-turn whoo I
put brake pedals try this you know how
much energy you have to have to play
with these this kind of energy but it
was way like weakly her than I thought
it's not unstable
it's way harder than I thought whoa it
looks so easy when everyone died Olay
when you run out of battery on the golf
car always have a Segway with you always
have this I love this big full speed all
right let's go to lunch
now we figured out we don't need any
Kimball's we just need one of these it
feels like we're risking our camera here
okay a group vividly like know this move
oh whoa never again woo I haven't been
on it forever like segways are probably
the strangest thing ever but I'm almost
shaking now like I feel I was not being
confident on this I had to endure like
the machine I have to control you like
so precise on your move
and then you have the kids that grow up
on it and then no problem say great
 be perfect better that
feels much much better for the first
time in like a long time I had an early
breakfast but it turns out that makes
you really hungry really quick but now
it's time to go get some hard drives
yeah we have kind of a lot of enough in
hooks place for storing everything I
trust you oh I think it's time to put
this away yeah okay see how really cool
and really stupid the problem with that
thing is that it's just an accident
waiting to happen cuz you get more and
more confident than you to do more and
more things and you'll end up having it
fresh we go from golf cart to Segway -
so far I think we're moving up in the
world okay that's a good forecast and
ricans let me know no you know what last
time we were here they want to take a
memory card we're going to be right back
once we are done in the air okay no
security it literally took two seconds
after we said that last thing and there
was security right there yeah we got
working for us what do you want
I really beat the record hahaha now
we're talking 20 lengths underwater
swimming 2.0 is coming up
boy it looks so good with it cool name
is not good haha a little better
haha no now we're gonna go with the
purple yeah because they they were they
felt about the same yeah I think one
color just yeah taint thank you so much
yeah thank you so much thank you
girl have I you need to tell them I mean
they're special yeah but they're better
than the old one haha
always out in deep water working on my
own waters very show thank you
I mean you're a swimmer they're good
they look amazing yeah they feel like
you're good nobody better is the same
strong like I say that we're gonna go
and we're gonna try it come on come on
up up there you can do a golf car so
current record ten laps is 6:30 now
we're going to see these bigger friends
we're going to be faster to these most
importantly if purple is faster than oh
that's logging why are these logging or
wait maybe I'm just stalling cuz it's
cold as long as I look good that's the
important thing
the official timekeeper ready ready
I can't even see valise over for me like
slow this is really killing my time I'm
sucking so hard Oh
I give us in the goggles I think it's us
women at night it's like warm in the air
in cold water daddy
those are falling into I could I can't
see editor if I see I don't think I'm
gonna get high off oh alright new
equipment did not help there were no new
records no today you yeah honey too cold
for me oh they're not gonna lie I'm
gonna grab this guy and we'll see if any
this pleasure
you look good all those are totally
retro looking on you yeah I think I
should maybe go into town I get some
time this is my altitude you're hoping
that the anti-fog works yeah because
it's now he's just had it for 30 seconds
I couldn't see but I don't know how
it works that spit in the bottle my
guess is that it's going to keep fogging
so you better just get in there and do
it oh this is first time he friends in
the house
heart how long you think we'll laughs uh
he's going to do way better than me I'm
guessing 6:30 you kidding
Huggies himself he's focused is he gonna
be sick no no second 500 32 and what was
use a mine was like eight like today no
way I love to sleep on yeah but that was
still I think really really good in the
cold water I was still wanted to set a
new record your clothes I think we
should try it when it's may be warmer
during the day I think that'd be better
I'm still cold I'm cold and I'm drunk
but I have an idea we're gonna end today
here say ciao and I want to go have a
two-hour hot bath and we'll check back
tomorrow
my to hit up the retreat with Yanni but
she just texted me said she has a fever
which will probably wake up with two
yeah we don't want fevers no but then
we're swimming in the cold but we wanted
to beat the record but you can't win
them all so we'll see you guys tomorrow
probably new adventurous then as well
and hopefully we'll beat the 6:30 record
so home for not a job
you
