oh okay today I woke up with a plan I'm
like today we're going to run a Q&A and
add all these like creative ideas on
things I wanted to do like put out a
chair outside and like well basically
that's like cool QA setup and then the
weather decides to hit storm so we can't
shoot outside hence I am inside so
that's kind of like blog life when you
are trying to plan anything that it
doesn't work out so anyway we're here
because I feel like I think it's time
for kind of a Q&A kind of me just
talking to you guys because there is so
much going on with everything and I feel
like sometimes we don't have the time or
the kind of forget to explain everything
that's going on or we don't have an
explanation so I wanted to sort of you
know take this floor to talk about um
you know everyone who's filming what is
happening in seven days when we are
hitting a year and where we're going for
less in the next little bit but most
importantly we also have a thousand
bucks up for grabs but we'll leave that
up for the end so I think we can serve
right from I think the most common
question I've seen over the last couple
days on since andreas flew to Norway is
where or when it's I'm coming back and
I'm dressed came down here and then shot
and then was going to Norway to shoot a
few commercial things and then you know
I told him like yeah I just think about
how you feel about everything and then
we can kind of touch base and see where
you think and then undress you know give
it some thought and kind of felt in the
end that under else I told them to you
know just give it some thought see what
you think about vlogging and then we can
just talk in a few days and so a couple
days went by you know dress talk for a
little bit and I think we both kind of
agreed that a dress is so good
what he does but maybe he is the kind of
like film or producer editor that one's
a bit more time and really sort of work
on one project for a longer time so we
agreed that we will stay in touch and if
they're special things coming up we will
try to link up but for a daily vlog he
just wants to make things too good so
then they will be hard to make it a
daily vlog so for now ondrea's will not
be joining us full-time he will not eat
my join on a couple things but that is
sort of the status there I'm sorry that
we haven't sort of explained everything
earlier but one sort of everything
spinning so fast it's hard to have the
time to explain everything but I hope
that sorts that out and for the few days
that you were with us doing everyday
undress thanks a million you are a
champion at everything you do and then
if we continue that I think I saw one
comment that was like I love the vlogs
but I kind of don't understand what's
going on with the filming and like who's
actually a part of the team and what's
the plan and I understand that question
completely because first onion Andreas
came in and Benji came in and then Artie
came in and like what's the plan and to
be honest there are so many good
applications that came in to you know
work here that it's it's really hard
picking so now I've sort of been trying
to meet a few the guys that I thought
were the best and then it's also very
special LIVE so even if the film is
great it might not mean that he actually
wants the job because it is a very
special life it's where the you know
it's very different so what I try to do
is that I bring in filmers let him hang
out see how they work from my side see
how they like the life and then kind of
yeah weave together you know is this
good or not but as for now we have
Benny's here
Arnie's here we don't have like any
super long term contracts or anything
like that we're just going to sort of go
by the feel of Emma's you know that's
all I know at the moment so I wish we
had like a five-year deal signed
everything is good to go but I think
it's important that whoever comes and
does a lot of filming feels that it's
right for them so that's kind of why I'm
letting them take the time to you know
say do we like it or not
and so far you know I think everyone's
doing a killer job and I'm really stoked
to work with everyone but I am extremely
excited that I get to work with all
these great filmmakers because they
teach me so much about filming editing
and concepts and everything so that is
super cool but for now we're going to
continue where we are we're going to try
to find the best set up and I mean my
goal is to find one or two or three or
four filmers to have like a long term
plan with the channel so that we have
kind of a setup that you guys understand
right now we're kind of in the middle of
like you know you know transition trying
to figure everything out so I hope you
can bear with us for a little more until
we sort of lock things down because that
is my goal to find you know the crew
that wants to like alright we want to do
this we want to take the channel to the
next level so I hope that clears up
who's filming is there what and the fact
that I don't have a super solid plan at
the moment we are just trying to find
the best solution moving on for that we
are I think now about five or six days
away from a year and I've spent a lot of
time the last few days trying to figure
out I'm like what is the best for this
channel what's the best for me you know
like everything around it and yesterday
I spent a lot of time thinking about it
it's problem is I'm so competitive that
when you look at like a static graph on
like you know how much visitors and
views and everything you have you look
at that you're like I want to keep that
growing but sometimes it's better to
take a step back and just sort of think
about how do we make the best videos and
how do I set up a set up that makes me
enjoy what we're doing the most and let
us progress into doing you know better
and better things all the time because
when you're doing it vlog every single
day you never have the time to sit down
and be creative and think about what do
we do tomorrow like it's constantly like
oh we're going to do this there's this
and then you're like today oh the
weather is bad like redo the whole time
so with all this thinking I think the
the best scenario that I came up with
that I think will generate the best
content and let us progress is to do
four videos a week like Sunday through
Wednesday and then probably a bit of a
bit more
logging because I like taking photos
more so probably Sunday through
Wednesday vlogs and then Thursday
through Saturday a bit of blogging
because that way I get a bit of a mix up
we have more time to plan for things and
we can really sort of try to give you
guys you know a new chapter of this vlog
so I guess it's I wake up then in four
days and I still feel that way starting
after one year we are gonna have that
concept rolling and the more I think
about it the more I like the idea
because it's like you need to keep
things fresh and in order to keep things
fresh you need more time to get creative
so that is kind of the plan moving
forward it's still sort of like I'm
working it out is the difficult thing is
for the last 360 days it's been like
non-stop and sometimes you got to just
stop
lift up your mission and really try to
figure out like what are we doing what
is the goal why are we doing it and like
I mean my goal when I'm doing this is to
make great stuff that you guys like if I
would have sat down and looked like okay
my goal is to make most amount of money
out of YouTube I would have done it a
completely different way so when your
goal is just to make great stuff and
make you guys happy that is a goal
that's much harder to figure out how to
do but I think that we have some ideas
now that is actually going to be really
good and then third part of today's
video is that coming on to 365 days in a
row vlogging I feel that we need a
kick-ass highlight reel of the year and
as you know we are working 24/7 on the
books and we're doing now
so I figured why not put up a thousand
bucks for whoever can put on the best
highlight reel of the last 365 bucks so
a thousand bucks a big shout out on this
channel and that will go to the best
highlight reel you'll find more info in
the description so you know kind of what
to do and what we're thinking but I
thought that was a good way of getting
something good together giving someone a
chance out there to get their name out
there and also to make a bit of money so
I hope that sounds like a good
so that we have a good compilation I
think that life sort of covers most
things I wanted to talk about today I
thought about a regular Q&A but I feel
like there's so much going on in my head
on where we're going what we're doing
and I just wanted to sit down talk to
the camera and like talk oh yeah fourth
thing we're trying to figure out where
to go as well we are hearing from our
Bayon out we are looking at flying over
to LA to meet up with Riley and possibly
hit up Mexico get a 4x4 and explore
Mexico that's kind of like the working
plan we still don't have tickets so I
should probably get to that but for now
I hope that keeps some flirty into a bit
of the vlog and that you guys know that
we are working on more solid plan
something that's easy for you to
understand and hopefully bring the
content that we do to the next level
creativity-wise and also work-wise
because if we're excited and energized
we can do better stuff so new year new
times and new goals so who knows where
that will take us only the future will
tell but for now I say we say over and
out because we have a lot of tickets to
book planning to do and they just
organize and I want to have the time to
sit down and sort of like where is this
blog going and that is something that I
think it's probably the most important
thing because if you have a plan you
have a goal and then you can kind of do
better things so I hope you have some
clarity into all the questions and
everything and I'm sure in a week once
we hit the one-year mark we will be up
and rolling with the new plan because
year two should not be exactly the same
as year one because then it gets boring
so I think mixing it up is the key for
us enjoying it and that means creating
good content so hopefully you guys enjoy
it
but for now over and out and we will see
you guys tomorrow ciao
