good morning
god it's like summer today aw yeah feels
great I think I'm going to just go and
turn to the shorts and go to the water
yeah we should like the same yeah I
think that's that is summer my they out
ready many are ready we're always ready
ok I jump in so you guys ready for this
alright
always
are you ready yeah
there's your the person that's got to
kill you today
Oh hallo
we are ready I have to fresh filmers for
you to kill perfect no one died left yes
I don't want to dynamic are you doing oh
no we have two friends from the UK as
well Henrique nice to meet you hi nice
to meet you man from gym shark there
here here we go I actually ended up on
the hospital for two days after workout
here and where Marcos was here as well
is on the floor he was littered in for
like two days I've instructed him to
stay Eastern everyone okay thank you
another piston part so the goal is to
like get up it is fun well that's going
to be hard how you did it but then I
started cheating with my life because
the game for venomoth reservoir oh good
huh I am high expectations pendrake so
you see where you need to push him out
no problem
remember I had never had
Oh your honor good job how to do it
sure yeah as an iPhone baby welcome to
hell so wanted to do it work out so this
is the yummy dinner birthday worker when
he said I'm but I turn it around because
27 reps is not that much turn around and
it said Institute so we're gonna start
this is holding Paris and you can spit
it however you want
definitely sweating me the role headed
to Robles 400 sled pool with 60 kilos
which I've Institute pull-ups 720 meters
row again 72 burpees one or sled again
72 sports very easy and then we end up
with the ropes that's a lot of numbers
well yeah okay so we start with a
warm-up and then we sew straight into
this okay
well in this please know businesses down
no way so like one of the things we're
supposed to do is drag this thing around
the whole building and it's twice in the
program so this is going to be the worst
I think it will never come back we're
all going to go to the hospital
Oh
oh I guess holding this camera is like
maximum fed-up shaking yeah I feel like
my uncle I can't be killed
well yes we're going to Phil gimbal for
a week though
oh yeah it's such an incredible awful
feeling I don't know if I should tell
you I love your hatred oh are you trying
to put my filmers like out of commission
they'll be filming GoPros for a week now
oh yeah I am plucking my mouth what is a
blip I gotta admit I enjoyed you a
little time we're not going to say who
but we had one compute so we're around
here Thank You Martha okay thanks
you're really done my face feels so rad
yeah right now how are we going to
spindle the pool the hole Oh Chris Golda
just the weightlessness of the waters
take your head Rick I look I love you
like baby not because we love and hate
yeah I think we need nutrition yeah
let's do some nutrition then maybe swim
more later here you go
oh thanks I like to guess what is inside
ah okay guess a banana yes protein
powder yep from and maybe Kiwi nope no
lemon yes Alma milk yes good Oh Vinny I
do more more MORE
not like cashew nuts or something
customers yes it's good it's really good
what else did you out I can't guess
anymore I'm Ellen yes walnut viagra coke
and endo berry that I don't know the
name Turk everything yeah really good
thank you
women either cuz I just got I just got a
text from Hendricks said you guys did
great let's do it tomorrow again
trying to figure out what to do with the
balloons whoa shut up anything you try
to make use of the balloons they feel
like they're being wasted up there make
you subdues now a balloon chandelier a
balloon chandelier exactly ribbon yeah
the red should be a good weight to hold
these balloons down Amelia
contingency articulate that sensor on
the red is called the helium sensor what
you do bar blues but it's like a steady
cab now actually 50k chandelier should
we call this good yes yeah look solid
women in the roof yeah so centered no
clue Sooners okay that feels better even
though we didn't find the tape but you
can't find everything in life especially
not when your legs are like this yeah we
sure did this was a reminder not to have
a break from working out because then
you're destroyed when you work out I was
so happy seeing already Auden's knees
like ah because we've only seen you on
the grass like honestly I've never
thrown up from working out without was
the first time in my life that I've
thrown up from working out too hard
release yeah we can they like something
that's really good though no not good at
all we're going to end today here and
then we're going to show you the morning
like what it took for us to figure out
how to get that morning shot backwards
so we'll say chawla a good night from
reveille on and hope you guys enjoy
watching us looking like it eats so good
night ciao 1 an old dog comes down yeah
we come down we pin then 3 2 1 get it on
up and everything - 3 2 1 take it in the
morning 3 2 1
get on down 3 2 1 get in old dirt
what I just wanted to help
that's how we say go order we should
stop the Beast
