and good morning from Oslo we finally
made it here and look who's here
he's back he's back Sir George is not a
sheep and George never got to play in
the snow during the time I owned George
so when the G wasn't finished on time
like this is like a little more than 48
hours ago or like you don't have a car
and then I called absolute I'm like do
you have any any ideas mm-hmm like let
me call her out so then he calls me back
it's like I figured out so you how you
can use George
so last night George arrived and now
it's 7:45 in the morning we have
switched to winter tires but before we
show more in the car we have a couple
last-minute mods we need to do so let's
check back on yesterday where we started
Marbella and when we're back we're gonna
make George look even better we started
the day with some books opening in front
of the fireplace TV we add so many boxes
in the garage that I didn't see this
laptop Kavya perfect packed bags you
know inside your bags when you have a
bunch of like dirty laundry and in their
mess hall toilet bag or drone case a
scholar a carry-all an exporter ah I
think this was supposed to come a lot
earlier Baskerville was tonight tonight
from Lebanon
I think I know what this is for this
what I think it is one of my favorite
things in the world
you know the Sox have been talking about
that are a mix of bamboo merino these
you can fly around the world without
your feet thinking like SuperDuper
sweats like they're honestly the most
kick-ass socks in the world and I've
only had a couple before because I went
surfing with the founder in Australia
and that's their right foot one how does
it feel
just comfortable I mean maybe your honor
the big difference now when you jump in
it but the smell difference is on quiet
it makes my feet smell like Yanni's
that's a revolution but like we have for
like two years but since we're talking
about socks I haven't shown I've
upgraded my sneaker collection y'all why
this I love the fight ease now that we
have nice new sneakers it's good to have
socks that doesn't smell like crap but
now we got to start packing up and get
ready because we yeah we're late as
usual
yeah we thought the fun was tonight but
it's actually not tonight yeah it's not
tonight that's pretty soon a whole
drawer full of new socks totally the
dream and before we leave this place we
gotta say goodbye to the kitchen there
is somewhere a little bit extra late
this morning is because I was working
with bunny stuff to see if we would
order a kitchen and an hour ago we just
ordered a new kitchen nobody up here
burrito 6.0 so there recently shipping
from bunnies no in sweden down here is
because i think when you're building a
kitchen is like the centerpiece of the
house so then being able to communicate
and get it like exactly the way one is
so I wanted to do it mm-hmm so yeah
goodbye I'm not too sad because it's
gonna be a lot more kick-ass and this
whole wall would do changes for next
time but now it's time to say goodbye to
the house and we'll be back here real
soon with hopefully lots of things
happening bye hey Dora
bye bye regard it was nice hanging in
and thanks for the balloonist last night
on wobbler it's time for us to fight
towards getting a via and we made it to
the teeth hotel in Oslo and quite
possibly like the best french fries I've
ever tried Oh
whoa that's a crispy and tender inside
so yeah this is where this dance and
it's been a long one since I got up way
too early and it's been hectic but we
got here everything is almost ready but
it should be ready by tomorrow so let's
just let's just spend two tomorrow and
we are back in Norway again as you saw
in the first couple shots we had these
chrome rims and I hate Chrome
I cannot stand chrome and the only way
we could make them black in time nice
and black there there's nothing so black
duct tape can't fix 50 minutes we got
black wheels
it looks great up close all you need to
do is lift it legs from here they said
they've never seen anyone duct tape
their rivets on rolls before so now I'm
just gonna do the last wheel and then
we're like kick-ass good to go
thank you sometimes you just have to be
a little insane and make sure no people
look close now it feels much better now
she's ready for winter rally but now
we're late so we should probably reunite
go to the depot tell and meet up with
the rest of this note or crew
now we are back and we are ready we're
outside of deep hotel with George and
George do we have the Batmobile we have
a g-get kind of without a roof it looks
like a really safe version but that's
not ours ours is not gonna have that
much of a roof and then we have a lot of
porcius we have a really sick old-school
BMW and a lot of stuff so this week's
vlogs is going to be all about
experiencing Norway with all these cars
and see if they'll make it or we're
going yeah oh yeah we have one more
thing here nice to see you again
nice to meet you nice to meet you how
are you guys doing everyone has been
missing you a lot
I've been missing you too as well so
yeah we're gonna hang out this weekend
fully cheap see you ends up in the ditch
first yeah I hope it's you
which I hope not I'm in the matte black
gt3 with the address
so yeah it's gonna be an interesting
week I'm excited it's gonna be nice and
this this time we're actually gonna come
you are yeah every time you see min or
aliens really yeah in the Prague oh I
lost over like 40 minutes yeah yeah this
is much better
yeah now we're all comfortable we're
chillin you have your Mexico in fact I
have and Red Bull nothing changed let's
roll let's roll
or that you need help close the door yes
mission
let's go Marcus is stuck in an
uncomfortable car get I'm fucking ready
you should have stayed in this
what happened the big my back without
her rules ripped the barrier no but we
got to go hold on let me put the ticket
in there to pay first we gotta do things
right okay
I fit thank you thank you that's some
great service that starts off well we're
the only one that pays to leave
we're so legal I don't even know where
we're going no no it's the first stuff
what's the first CD shitty stance um I
have no idea where that is
okay I don't know where to go that's why
I had to let everyone pass like we're
trying to go last so that I know where
to go but then everybody just wants to
be the drivers
let's take good pictures from the back
they want me to take the police cuz you
have to wait
it's ip-based already so we don't know
what I'm talking about and stuff we
should be on our way to lunch stop at
least are you expecting some good
burgers
I think the first Lynch stuff is always
a very good stuff I know one thing when
he come to Norway you can expect one
thing for a lot a very expensive
that's a lot of people right food but
the most important thing but I don't
want to be like that but look at the
wheels yeah yeah please is that the best
burger ever
come on okay we gotta run yeah hey hey
are we in the book yeah thank you
well let me just tell you that burger
was the best burger I've had in a long
time and now we're just cruising right
now I'm gonna have a nut that sounds
good I'm so cool look at this will be
fantastic gentlemen brought us fantastic
people think you don't talk that's why I
don't have any in the car do we know
thank you
after a good burger yeah I'm stressful
this yeah I'm gonna open this one
because I want to have a nap in the car
no no I'm kidding a team player
it's a joke what is it going to be cold
enough
how do you like the new tires they're
great I love winter sorry hold on sorry
I sleep on the pillow look at this we
are on the serious note or it is dumping
out we can barely see it still white we
are racing Marcus valor in the poacher
head with on/off and they do not have
studded tires so yeah it's really like
how it's a snowy as it gets but imagine
this with their convertible Jeep Oh
would this be fast I didn't even think
about that maybe I just tried not to
think about yeah
simulating road tripping in the G
without a roof at this point three two
one
oh I got it here you support its I can
bear and get all up in my eyes now would
have been horrible would have been a
stock like 40 meters behind the Porsche
and I can't even see the Porsche
Scandinavia okay we are grown up in the
winter there's a lot of people from
Saudi here and with no spectators if you
have never driven on the snow and you're
in a gt3 RS this must be terrifying
yeah but this we don't have to worry
about police cameras so that's a great
thing
what's the average speed now where you
are doing 86 km/h pushing look Oscar is
not afraid no started hanging out of
proportion on the highway Novation this
is
come on let's go that's how you get this
next left that driver guy here this guy
over here keep straight for 100 meter
which I do by incoming yes left here or
next no next one I see people I think
we're right yes that's the one
I can't cop
I found it
how strange
but I need to go to the bathroom because
I like efficiency and I needed to think
of this for last four hours I really
really got to go to the bathroom yeah me
too but how can you go out you can stay
here okay CJ but we run yeah I'm gonna
run and then you come back yeah I'll
come back back good luck that's insane
the car still there it's bright just
like 1% of Justin Bieber but all right
we gotta grab our little bag you see
yeah oh that is some it's that's weird
no one ever did this when we were skiing
yeah it's cool mm-hmm everyone's real
nice
no we should try not to hit him yep put
the fleshly forgetting people blind I
love George George is such a good boy
it'll be more than I want to watch do
you turn it yeah uh-huh well if they
came out all this way in the cold it's
the least we can do right mm-hmm
are they all following yes they are yes
yes they are sorry no more burnout two
in the garage
good job joy you know George's for sale
yeah by the new owner every should by
George fat this is the greatest yeah if
you want the info it's in the
description for the I was just asked
Marcus do you remember our end the vlog
what was it
ciao or you guys have changed how we
changed wait oh you know in Italy say
goodnight then goodbye in Italian again
here it is
so how do you say goodbye in Italian
I've no idea let's just say goodnight
today and then we refresh our brains and
come back with the Italian version
tomorrow yes so me Marcos had shots a
job for the last 200 vlogs and never in
Italy how do you see goodbye a good
night Nina I don't yeah let's do
tomorrow
we're dead serious - yeah so we're gonna
do it in Norwegian bar yeah okay but
wait before we do it it's important
because we like celebrated a million
yeah which is as much celebrating with
you yes because I'm honored to be part
of the celebration so we should all
thank Marcos and we should all celebrate
we're gonna sit with me night we are
gonna sell these again are you drinking
it I had a glass of wine okay party
party that we excited but I was gonna
say so after you end the vlog I thought
we'd throw in some good throwback
memories Oh from the good old times for
the very new people this vlog Marcus and
and me kind of started the vlog by did
vlogs like
ten years ago but they don't count so
daily ones when it is March like in
April 2016 16 April yeah and I stood
over one year later yeah yep hot dogs
it's a long time ago yeah but yeah
anyway we have so many good memories so
I say the market should have organ in
Norwegian and then we'll run some good
throwback memories and we'll see you
guys on Tuesday yeah talk for the resort
also CSV celebration
you're going off cited you okay yeah
what happened I almost killed Marcus
like actually kill them
I would just like to thank every single
year of the line on the encouragement
and the comment
