okay don't think anywhere okay you
should drop
thank you wow you like things so we went
over to page we start with this gif
number one and you are only allowed to
laugh at my handwriting and spelling
once walk out through the tool to find
their next gift perfect one I didn't
know what kind of cactus you wanted on
I'm not a cactus expert this time I was
really looking for the cactus this
person is that a good cactus that's one
of the two things that I know you said
you want it so happy cactus birthday
money yeah now you have to take number
two come on
okay give me a girl that has everything
a birthday gift it's not easy but I know
you don't have your own Instagram cactus
next gift it's above your head above my
head other it always protect your stuff
next gift it's under my favorite fall
tree should open ah once you want to
turn that night trying to be a
copywriter and being creative oh the
camera bag yes nice thank you
you need I'd like to protect their stuff
what we're gonna do now we're gonna
leave it like that have a quick piece of
cake and then you get around the school
yep we have like six minutes Oh perfect
plenty so then we'll do a quick break
and this will continue ah custom may
take belief oh you're allowed to dig in
right away pretty card oh yeah you
always need a bit of extra power in the
morning already gets the biggest piece
because he is trying to run around the
most my whole theory about this birthday
is that you have everything you can't
just buy a bag you know you have to go
with creativity yes so today is all
about creativity relax study hard life
is way more fun if you crush you in
school good work yeah yeah so - okay
we'll see you later
yes bye bye bye are you ready to
continue the treasure hunt
the last card set now it's a next gift
will be found underneath my favorite
palm tree function which one would be
your candidate for the ones you'd
consider maybe that one this one okay
now it's getting colder colder warmer
warmer warmer warmer
I see ya tomorrow you know this is my
favourite palm tree I know it's my first
cut
yeah but I couldn't see it we're right
here I have that worth gift do you want
to come up and open up an open this
first
I almost forgot where the next one was
because it made all the gifts like I did
film ah I can read the card I know you
like film next case where you watch film
smart heart I don't know dollars
shut up on this first yes oh my god this
is the best birthday ever
this treasure hunt is really fun oh my I
know you wanted a Polaroid yeah so I
don't need to my fin come where's dinner
last night I was talking about like I
really want to get some chilled camera
as it already is like your interview
like and I'm laughing now it's like what
are you laughing bottom ugh my love
you're like why did you tell me before
oh my god that's the one thing that I
remember that you said you wanted this
is the perfect size I guess the one I
have it's like this big so I never bring
it that's actually really cool so then
you're nice for it you have the film any
of that but we still have treasure hunts
to go so you like to play with that
later number five the one thing you have
actually heard you say you want that
give you need a bikini to pick up I know
is in the pool yeah the bikini no we're
going on a treasure hunt I'm not
supposed to tell you I see something
over there you have to go in the pool to
get it the Phillies yeah of course
treasure huh oh so cold how can you twin
oh my life
oh and it had me now I'm like an Opie
the loser who deceased yep Kevin yeah
boy
that's up here what I got I got a water
out of a yeah well dry ok so I open the
gift first
I'm impressed creative huh yeah a GoPro
now you can read the car now that you
are a vlogger you need your own
underwater camera Nick gift is right
inside the main door yes no now you can
do the time lapses for water stuff yeah
when you go to like all these beautiful
places to continue
yes Rochelle okay where's the next one
thank you I'm the main door in the
stores this light inside the main door
inside it's right inside the main door
does he oh I told you it's right inside
of a door that oh nice
that was created we're going to wrap the
gift wrapping stuff all over those box
open this and find the next one next
gift below the newest addition to the
house garden what's the newest this
graphic I saw here
and then maybe bring that out in the
salon too and I was like what should I
find different places and I'm like okay
well that was built like yesterday and
you commented on it so now that you saw
it so what is a memory card mm-hmm put
this into the box you got final gifts on
the highest point of the house you see a
balloon up there oh we were putting it
up it was lady yeah it was flying all
over the place yeah the final gift yes
in ten days I have logged every day for
a year you have been the best most
supportive girlfriend ever
always putting up with the camera around
24/7 the final gift is a first-class
ticket to anywhere in the world for four
days when the red memory card stays
locked up no cameras and no computers
just you and me I love you school that's
the best gift I figured the best thing I
could give you as time yes what say oh
if everyone's okay with us whenever you
have time we're gonna take a four day no
camera no right now bye
it's a day so we gonna start yet but
whenever you're free I know she's a real
busy girl so no I'm gonna make time for
this yeah I'm not gonna bring a computer
and a phone I'm gonna bring the phone
something happens but best birthday ever
even though I had to go in the pool yeah
you're like this best birthday ever
and there you're like ah so I hope you
liked it I loved it we try to be
creative it's not easy where I find
gifts for you and thanks for the guys do
they help me out it's been some little
bit of planning going on it looks really
fun but since we are team overkill we
have to try to go that it's the first
birthday on the vlog right is yeah so we
have to try to go a little overkill with
it now you can go play with my camera
all day all your cameras yeah play by
the pool
so whatever you want to do on your
birthday nice happy 27th what is
happening here of course we need a good
photo when we have so many business
balloons so I'm just trying to secure
them below yes almost
yeah are you happy yes all the flying
away though one photograph air to flow
rapper one filmer one model relaxed and
girl who'd know if you can hear all the
clicks but it's like already thousands
of photos got it got it yeah okay I only
got it okay but you didn't got it yet
you found maybe the good food
hola hungry me oh sorry
he's angry hungry you too I hope we have
enough Julian
oh yes I hope so you livid you can put
it with you and yell rhythm we need
let's go check it out oh I love when you
come back with tons of bags ladies
yeah take it better go to too much yeah
ah oh my leg side friend okay so I'm
gonna hang with a salsa jeans off
spring roll oh wow mama know what sabe
okay this is what we could have I
thought it ordered like a lot more I
think this will be a hundred ton enough
okay yeah borderline I've seen we'd had
a pretty long day so maybe we should
just the youngish attend today's long
mm-hm
so that we can enjoy this dinner in the
joy so I hope you guys enjoyed this
amazing 4th of April the best day of the
year I enjoyed it I hope you guys did
too
yeah and we will see you tomorrow ciao
nothing about like our efforts I said I
enjoyed it very much I think it's been
an amazing day and all the efforts oh my
god
thank you ok good job huh the best
birthday ever
well
