still nothing you didn't find it we have
a savior we look like two hours for the
gate key yesterday remember
I showed you the gate yes and then I
have turned the whole house upside down
and it's nowhere like we've looped we
were going around yesterday I'm gonna go
get the gold cross there we go
sister say she's home now and good
morning by the way good morning we were
so like caught up and this is the little
thing we've been looking for but now we
got to start planning for Yanni's
birthday which is tomorrow
step one is to get
ah doctor what do you think Bennett mm I
like this one
that's the biggest one okay so I'm gonna
admit getting Yanni a birthday gift is a
challenge because she's a girl that I'd
like pretty much has an everything
salainte you gotta get creative and I
know she's said a million times she
wants a cactus but I don't know what
kind of cactus right no yeah is that
Instagram friendly
I think rabbit can send me a step one
accomplished yep
easy bro connected don't bring the
branch yeah okay drive slowly for LFL
okay we need to unlock this one there
you go to find a bunch you know the pots
are the most overpriced like thing in
the world like he should be cheap right
okay so we found the book and the only
second for everything is fine Apple it's
the daytime that I see one you really
like this
yeah me too okay that's why I loved it
okay bonus gift yeah the Chuck tried
carefully second enemy which is Vanessa
he's getting a lot of the pineapple
things I'm real happy with the cactus -
I didn't know really what we were
looking for when I went here
okay mission one well I complete yeah I
think so like I mean this is Johnny's
first birthday on the vlog I mean
usually I go really over-the-top like
now I'm trying to keep it mellow no I
have a good plan I think I'm trying to
I'm trying to go for the romantic like I
heard what you said instead of spending
a lot of money on something I think yeah
you know like to think this much way
Jonnie always has a pine up whenever she
goes on a trip she will take a pineapple
in the photo and she'll tag me as the
pineapple but what's out whoa don't go
ooh a little bit whoa
let's peek well in practice to hear the
house
yeah okay so we got to be kind of quick
as Richards picking us up because we got
to go to the gift shop place where you
can buy like balloons yourself but I'm
really happy
you mean Fidel we've hung out so much in
the garden center because I love the
garden center everything I know about
plaid you taught me Barney come check it
out what do you think sex Amelia Oh
welcome and that is linked in the
description of one else info
hello oh good yeah good and you I'm
super we come home late sure to jump
right in right in
we are we're searching for a shop called
party fiesta and Richard us meeting in
like 40 minutes we got to be real
efficient where are you some
part of you so we go upstairs okay I
think we found it me up 3486 resurrect
no mm-hmm okay
oh wow whatever pink cake is better than
gold one two three four uh Liam are you
going to inflate the whole outdoor so
we're just going to feed our name with
helium the whole day okay super thank
you so much hello my niece and I can
please we're on a path track today so
Johnny arrives like in a few hours you
got to do a couple things while she's
still not here
question is where do we hide all the
balloons and the cakes used as well here
goes yeah I can oh right
maybe it's time for our knees underwater
swimming tough feel a little later I'm
going to jump in yeah I'll swing but I
feel like today's been like non-stop
first like cactus hunting and then all
the balloons and everything and then
running with Richard to not to have in
late and then Yanni's come in in like 45
minutes we got to hide everything so
then one of my meditations went okay we
will be back once the otter shows up
whoo
you need you forgot to book a car oh
yeah I met Yan yet right now hello
welcome thank you
you look overdressed like warm how are
you are you good how are you well
welcome to summer besides the wind okay
and we working on your birthday
the wind is gone finally Johnny came
with the good weather always editing
studio 101 yes doing a video from
Barcelona thank you see how I had it
nice I got to leave you for a second
because I have some secret missions to
do for tomorrow it's a special day
tomorrow yeah it's a special day
tomorrow so I'm gonna let you edit and
then I can come check out how Barcelona
was yeah I'll be right back okay sorry
oh my ribs Oh what did I tell you take
it easy I know but my back is fine it's
just my ribs she's doing Jana in and
he's on his first time on the go yeah
first time at the throat or at the back
your back and me this can be your first
garbagemen duty too you can throw it
from here
make time make is for honor
you can buy anything as much as you can
carry and I won't cost you more than
support nega-chin ah yeah uh uh that's
her that's her okay so what have you
bought of course we can't show you
everything because that would ruin the
whole surprise yeah we we have
officially increased overkill level Oh
we buy a lot so do you want to watch it
yeah make sure to watch tomorrow if you
want to see what's all in there yeah but
now we're blocked in by how we can go
ahead cuz that's what I call far as
winning no engine no problem what makes
now now we're hitting up the scandi
market which is the Swedish store with
all the Swedish audio can be supermarket
this is our more baya tip of today miss
candy market in Marbella and put a link
in the description so you can find it
and then go buy the spread let's fry the
best Fred I've tried thank you so much
the line that's a very successful
shopping round
Oh Emma Steve whoa
whoa oh yeah come on yaar hello we are
now a hundred percent officially
prepared for your birthday
are you curious yeah three people being
creative
uh-huh expect huge space like Donald
Trump would say you don't want come up
close your eyes okay no PK quick quick
quick quick
you've got nice what is this it's caviar
yeah it's a Swedish delicacy open it and
smell it
is it sweet like caramel puppy try it
and try it now if you try to try it was
a car oh you rotten sister yeah it's the
best on sandwiches but I was eating this
oh so good at the same time Yanni
got you a little pre birthday to gift Oh
frozen berries and a green smoothie top
yeah I know you love the stuff sugared
pre-birthday but you know what the good
thing is no I'm super tired today
really yeah mega tired I'd love to go to
bed early I can't get me to nice well
let me put this back in here good start
right okay everything's under control
here okay should we try one of these you
want in I mean on his bedroom put on
your headphones hey close your eyes okay
now you can watch but now you can even
listen to music five minutes from there
twist it's going to see the full
combination of everything yeah
then watch tomorrow's long
now you're okay
I found a favorite song did you hear
share anything no now see them really oh
these are really good what's roasting
around though but really good you didn't
feel anything
nothing since we have a lot of
preparations to do a lot mm-hmm we're
gonna end today's vlog here and focus on
that okay
she's she's so cure as I know are like
she hates surprises you can see so well
end here check back tomorrow if you want
to see the full result of our our maths
like there are three masterminds thank
you that was in there to check back
tomorrow
