goodnight moaning is it croissant and
orange juice and when in France you have
to start your morning with a pow'ful ask
Russell it's eaten croissant I make the
jam inside Oh No okay honest watch off a
little mwah and then poke swapna and now
we're inside speaking French and then we
have some freshly squeezed orange juice
I'm like their best customer down there
the only slight little issue we have now
is that if you look around here we're
trying to do some organizing and but
what time you did but we have to leave
in 20 minutes
choice the choice the choice offensive
operation take a big bag dump everything
in deal with it later okay right Arnie
good nice sigil 61 that was that how did
that end up being so stressful like I
thought our morning was 100% under
control yeah Lissa of course it wasn't
it's us I think he just have to get used
to and nowhere
walking through honestly I was so tired
this morning after skiing and then
driving all night that my alarm that was
set I was like nope I'm snooze in this
one and then I saw a that superyacht so
I had to shoot that and then that was
really fun to shoot it and then all of a
sudden we're running its usual but I
think we have everything that's too
messy beaucoup Monsieur and we have one
two three cameras yeah we are ready for
a day with team hope you and what are we
doing here if you haven't figured it out
yet we we're little late so we took the
pathway yeah
who
yeah
you okay not me I lose things every time
my device is so fun to shoot helicopter
it's not good he has the cannon to 1 DX
Mar - and it's like really good yep
you know what happens when I see
something that's really good it's the
sickest photo camera action wise and it
says shoot good for case stuff as well
anyone's looking for a good camera when
DX is the way to go babe
okay I guess I'll just have to settle
for this good old thing for now
okay Matt people call it thanks so much
what's going on top perfect thank you
yeah really like never in 354 days has
people been so helpful filming and today
the help of taking photos they were nice
Yeah right taking camera that's a good
way to start the morning wake up shoot a
little slider
yeah shoot one of the coolest shots in
the world don't wanna hell I want we
were light there for a second we should
be they like more often so we can take
Ellie all the time like we should do it
yeah a long time we're on time you are
ducking and I thank you who give up
nothing
ok thanks ok ok go ok ok that's the
first thing our names have been called
and we didn't even trail or do anything
it was just a huge line and security but
I say that we all know what flying looks
like so I say we spend straight to
Frankfurt
thank you and we are in Frankfort uh-huh
but there's not much going on here
either and plane is going to be a plane
so I think we keep spinning Tamar Bayon
oh hey and we are in my Bay oh nice
sunny Malibu yeah now we recognize Marv
al last time we're here the weather was
horrible now it feels like complete 100%
Sun mm-hmm so I say that we just throw
this stuff in here and then we got to
get all those cushions on the outside
furniture out you know get the place
ready for like some chill time so let's
put all this in real quick and not spend
too much time like not chillin okay
should we just skip for it just get this
and jump right into that yeah yeah
because there's not a - did you ever see
how about we do that real quick and then
we will just go into that later yeah
that sounds like a plan
hungry
all right guys I'm almost done with you
did what are you doing now but look at
that we can't like this it's like
already Wow we just have this matter you
investor who's going to in the water
first you know or Arne yeah I want to
help you falling down I don't know how I
can do it but that was close all right
welcome to summer Mambo yeah you too not
my dad
yes well I yeah everything on from the
from up there yeah yep
front of there with the Rope team of a
killer
yes job everything for everything right
now right yeah otherwise we get to take
it back to the US oh he's not going the
same way pretty trim dust we're going to
look like too close to people I can't do
anything do you think you can do a back
seat for yeah or source you're like I've
seen if it's double backs like bouncing
on the grass yeah if you push em who's
going to do a triple and like land in
the palm trees yeah do not tell yourself
yeah don't go too far
Zomba Maxis double gainer
I officially blame double how can you do
w yeah can you do double okay send up to
me EP o DD there's no no you can't just
double that doesn't have any height
there's no way like there's no magic one
is fine but double is like computing
damn you Arnie but that everywhere
should I like go like so many things
okay so what's the trick Huck yeah okay
feels like you let it go with your
Kansai kid so I did enough doubles for
the last three days that's true yeah so
welcome to the adult playground you can
definitely see the gymnast skills yeah
you're watching videos on the plane just
watch some through the wolf oh nice why
do I have a feeling this is gonna be an
athletic week oh yes athletically yeah
but now I got to go and change cuz now
on what oh thanks hi welcome
yes who is it
please enter wow that was the slowest
top Thai delivery ever i sat there
awaited um the president again mid my
food to someone else no way and then
they were so confused for 25 minutes
that it took me good hour and a half to
get food now we're so now we have food
for like a whole soccer team yes and ran
out another question is worth being the
gate key couldn't fun I went all over
the house and they couldn't find ok so
we lost the gate key so the car is down
on the street okay look what I got okay
tonight's dinner consists of pretty much
everything they had on the menu but most
importantly you know what this is the
banana spring rolls away I got a lot
because I know all of us we forget to
eat right I don't forgive you mister but
now I'm going to search for the gate
keys we can get the car UHN are you
looking for the entrance key yes we need
to eat now oh yeah it is you guys gladly
want to check in now one into these two
six monthly we enter the door then I
want to got the backup one no no I have
now turned upside down on the entire
house you know when you look for
something and then you go back and you
look again because you want to look
better I was four times I know it's old
you need to ice before you put it I had
my annual we arrived is it go on until
it turns up magically yeah well how
about this I am sure you guys are pretty
bored of me trying to us trying to find
that so I see that it's time to say good
night
I mean I've always said when you have a
problem deal with it later with that
will say ciao over and out a good night
from
deny goodnight
