good morning ah good morning what are
you doing here I have been down here
since 5:00 a.m. trying to crush this
edit so we are ready to go skiing in
like if I know that the vlog is going to
be on log on live not in time then I
feel good when I'm skiing so I've been
crushing but now we should be in the car
I'm like oh no training starts in one
minute okay I'll run up and get my ski
gear hook there are this in the car so
we're looking real good
we're like 98% on and then Grady well
done
I've been trying to be excited high five
oh it's so fun day I want I want to be
create five use so I can like fly drone
ski edit and do all things because I
think all them are so fun
but then no and then I would have
friends okay now okay now let's go go go
go okay we have everything there yes
are we here yeah but like look at the
weather
what is it is so wide out we couldn't
even see the jump riding up so game plan
now is that we're going to take it right
in my back again Arnie has arms no and
then we're gonna we're gonna wait and
see what the weather does yeah I am NOT
jumping in fog no I did that for way too
many years competing so no one had the
choice I'm going to sit there you know
like a tourist wait for good weather you
guys down to get tourists for a while
yeah I'm done to watch let's have the
morning light are used by don't aim to
not pull down the desk right and I crash
do you don't get me down we all good
yeah no visibility
we can't be anything oh it was a good
morning workout I'll tell you that
okay should we go straight yeah
ah my legs oh that's like a like a
CrossFit like death warm-up but it's fun
everything that challenges us fond be
you're brave like most people in the
back that are so scared pretty fun
actually oh that means you're floating
me sir trust me my girlfriend she
screams like a like a pig she's on my
back all right
par to warm up times two and a half I
wanted perfect weather today because I
wanted to hit bigger jump
come on weather get better maybe it's
someone telling me you you're good chill
so how is it you're not scarred for now
it's good okay I just want to see some
people get real consistent on the speed
on the bigger one before I hit that
warming up - yeah you got to be smart I
have never hurt myself on a jump I
shouldn't say that but you can be smart
and help yourself if you're okay with
the crowd watching everybody go big and
you're on the small jump it's always
better to have fun sexy fun it's the key
to life all right I'm going to go again
okay Benny I am going to follow under D
on the big one I'm gonna see if I have
the guts you good I'm good good to go
thank you
that's no fun oh there was a lot of wind
this time whoo that big one has some
spice to it who gave me but it was so
awesome
the our building
it's like you think you're fine and then
you drop over you have so much airtime
I was big
yeah we got some drum stand before the
cloud for the wind came yeah I wanted to
hit the big one and I did it the big one
even though I was so scared like you're
coming in Mach 3 here and then use a
coin but I wish the weather would have
stayed up it's getting cloudy yeah I say
we get Benny and like place down because
this is all just going to come in and
ruin the rest of the day but I'm going
to go down feeling like this cuz I hit a
big job yeah it's such a mental block
when you're going this fast into it
because it feels like this suicide moon
rap but again every day I've been up
here I push myself way order than I
haven't in years so now I want to see
more death wish right there TV huh I hit
the big one
I saw it I'm alive and he's still alive
but now the wind is in we're just gonna
go through those apfelstrudel that's
what's up for Team overkill let's back
up it classic which one do you indicated
you okay I can take it off yes
do you enjoy a big thunder I can say
both no command and yours no more data
no problem look no I'll be at the left
yes all right hi porky I'll be waiting
at the bottom with a warm car yes and
you particular music you're one like
jazz music yeah I'll see you down there
yeah you learn dog taxi so I can write
this to work that way you can have a
lift on one of these guys here is Mellie
we were proof here's Luka waiting for us
one
you get it you get it guys get it oh you
guys made it babe as well yeah you
didn't wait for me good not feet good
Rick
yo yo top stars Vega and Watkins are you
playing some jazz music there was no
jazz for about that mr. Ortega Watkins
let's come on board okay perfect so how
you gentlemen want to go to the hotel
right perfect I will take you there
thank you for the ride it's a very
beautiful hotel it has great spa unheard
oh yes there is a little issue traffic
jam thank you thank you now you can go
I'm going to go this sure they love us
but they had the shorter river yes oh
sure whoever has the shortest waiter
reverse reverse
plus I have two very important filmers
in the car who needs to get back to the
hotel okay I'm going to come fast
something's right here right now saying
that I should take all the gears game
down was such a terrible terrible idea I
was so exhausted when I got to the
bottom I thought I was like I'm strong
do you know how many kilos you had on
yourself like like one bag two bag three
bag one drone and we have one red tripod
sliders it's a lot yeah
suspicions we booked the ticket from
need to Marbella to go see Yanni
tomorrow morning so it means we got to
drive to Monaco tonight well it's like I
can never like let's chill for a day
it's like ok it's great what do we do
bam cargo so just the quick little 700
kilometers in the afternoon after
getting up five editing a vlog in the
skiing trying to kill myself and then
very cool efficiency
yes so welcome to our totally normal
lifestyle you gotta know whoever
designed a car seat and had space in
between the seat in that like anyone
that has been in a car not lost anything
between the seats please give us a
comment and if you're a car manufacturer
what the hell are you thinking
he's happening quick you'll stop gotta
get the window clean always we have 70
kilometers to go we're keeping good
speed than a good pit stop here you
haven't really been too efficient with
fuel the question is should I take a
piss or not nothing we don't have time I
was thinking exactly the same n I said
maybe in a no it's fine everybody ready
yes Wow I want to take an Instagram
picture we're stopping here for a second
to check out Monica fir bub says it's
Arnie's first time here but yeah this is
the huge country of Monaco
this is the whole entire country yeah
but some of the buildings are outside of
it
so basically remove 30% of the lights in
this Monica where's your place it's
right there old Austin oh I'm gonna call
it cold on 10 o'clock goes all the way
until it goes to 10019 oh they're doing
all right here I don't know if I called
it on camera but when we left the hotel
I said I think we're going to be here at
10 o'clock and we missed it by like nine
seconds yeah we missed it because of
these nine Botero one fam Monaco bit of
skiing in the morning and then you go to
Monaco in tomorrow
ma roads another place where we go
tomorrow if we go somewhere you'll find
out there but maybe he says we're just
unpacking and we are about done with
today we should finish today's vlog some
editing to do and then we're going to be
on a flight at 10:30 tomorrow where well
no keep it a secret but but now we say
goodnight over and out hope you guys
enjoyed some ski coverage now it's time
to do a little bit about the stuff for a
little bit what we don't really know yet
we're going to set some plans yeah but
now show and goodnight for Monaco good
night now
you
