Oh
you
my god yes well in that case I think we
should say good morning and it's hard to
say good morning from a better place
like this morning oh yeah good morning
at Harding immortality but now it's time
for us to head down and see what kind of
like cocktail stuff we can find today so
I've seen you hot Dolan mr. Haack so are
you hooked one yeah I'm late so let's
head down and like see what we can do
today yeah I think it's gonna be a good
day okay challenge number two for the
day is to get Arnie he's down to the job
cuz we're gonna have time to get see you
know jump up jump oh no way you got
whoo over comes out let me clear this
one yeah I was trying to get as close as
I could come down if you have something
else is there I have a good okay
how do you feel right yes yes you're
just floating triple transportation yeah
but now it's time to get serious and
it's and jumps yeah
perfecto ready to show me the speed oh
yeah nice team sweetens in the house
because who better than yes / shatter to
show you the speed yeah you're good do
it alright my life's in your hands
so fun to look at your back foot from
there I was just trying to avoid the
spray and then Ron now went to the side
a bit and then I realized I was looking
at you and not the drum god that's so
cool yes I do
yeah landing side
yeah but my body feels good surprisingly
yeah I'm just wrong
it looks awful long it's all in your hat
okay now I think I know this be yeah I'm
gonna I can double now if you want to
follow do you think I got a double pot
sir
yeah worst comes to worst I'll just pull
it around and it's
kangy alright
yeah good to go okay wish me luck
you want to do this yeah I want to
follow cam double never had that I'm
pretty excited we good yeah
oh that was sick that felt so weird in
the end I'm like where am I so fun
topics in Jennifer's yes it looks so
perfect but it must be good right cool
it's like it's easier when you do more
things otherwise you have to be so slow
yeah we good good
you
sounds better look Oh
oh my god that is so much fun I was so
so close to you never been done before
never cork at age 34 is it
I would assume right I just thought
about it if it is then even better
another world for you well this still
doing double to age 34 I mean you can do
all all 34 year olds here yeah I can be
done right these same age as me but born
earlier sees older that you did the
convenient yeah it's okay it's gonna be
test against candy and now I'm gonna try
a kangaroo flip the very first double
ever dead
yeah don't back bringing it back oh yeah
okay I got a call that oh yeah that'd be
cool all right
advances to close maybe that landing was
not the best to go switch in like they
said yeah I wanted to make a nice car oh
come on switch I'm like runner on I'll
make in the park for that boy
I'm an idea I don't know how to do that
that's upset now I was like sub shitty
you land on your back yeah perfect I saw
sit on my back oh that was the most fun
I've had in a long time that looks like
it looked really fun I just wanted a
Hopkin try new things too like yeah you
sending it yeah yeah how many times and
it wasn't seven eight doubles like so
many they felt good and easy hug the
buttery funky no just the last one
double cork nine I've never tried it
oh yeah and I said it incorrectly nah
but the rest I was like need because I
got the kangaroo flip that's the first
ever double to switch I really thought I
meant it so now I got it again yes
Viking the 19th yeah like I'm so bummed
they close fit but they're preparing
everything for the contest tomorrow so I
say we just we leave now while things
are good
should we spin her down yes let's pin
her down to the cafe
and we are down here and the first thing
we got to do is go search for a GoPro
because I put up some time lapses turns
out they didn't want to stay there so
now I'm gonna go and see if I can find
it
got them section cup parkour Union Park
you yeah okay first part no problem here
but what's down right now there's a gate
this is exactly what I need after today
this doesn't seem like it has any epic
solution but says I'm a ninja
ah the grip in this Kanye shoes are not
great but if you can catch Oh solid
wedding okay oh yeah that gate was
probably it's for smart people
yeah
is it on the online publish publish see
we're getting quicker with the PC
everyday because there's the lots of us
for us to learn so we're only two hours
late today for tomorrow
but okay so I said I would do triples
but I did a bunch of doubles instead yes
so I think that should be okay mm-hmm I
do much love today maybe tomorrow during
the competition yeah but I'm not sure
the competition sort of key no I would
I'm probably too old like this probably
like an age limit and affright old enter
okay you know what now we have this
thing online for me in my apfelstrudel
we're going to take a moment sit here
enjoy the last bit of light and we're
going to end the vlog here yes yeah why
should more like hotel room stuff where
we shot a whole day on a beautiful
mountain with like 14 different cameras
all around that sound like a plan sounds
like an amazing thing with the
background and god that's that normal
yeah no but I hope you guys like that I
had the best time just charging hard I
kind of forgot how fun it was to just
charge like that when you're 16 when
you're like you don't care you just want
to try that new trick and not like not
think about the consequences and I'd
love jobs are thinking back in my head
like I don't know you're working so much
that when you're up there you just want
to charge so you're not thinking about
all the other stuff you do but now we're
going to enjoy a thumb screw tool and
we're going to say over and out and ciao
from Susie roll the buckles in Italy see
you tomorrow more action coming up you
tomorrow ciao ciao
