testers with the stun a good moaning mr.
Olsen
good morning mr. Ortega first person we
got to look at the morning view first
thing to do and it's like nice and warm
out and I'm having my morning coffee and
how would you buddy thinning yeah okay
that's what I was going to come to the
plan was today to grow up skiing but I
woke up like coughing and I kind of
think I bruised a couple of ribs here
from when I was landing switch like ah
but I was so pumped I landed that I
didn't feel the pain there now like yeah
so new plan today we have our knee
coming in to help us film landing in
Munich in a couple of hours so we're
going to take a day off from skiing
because I know that tomorrow is supposed
to be the best day 100% perfect so I
rest my body we're going to be you know
good hosts so you come pick up our knee
at the airport instead of sending him
some crappy shuttle so it's like yeah
finish coffee and then get in the car
drives a little bit to Munich you know
that feels like a really chill day
because then we can like edit we can
hang out we could talk we can figure out
where we're going on Sunday yes perfect
so generally besides my body being
broken I feel great
it's not that broken it's most of my
ribs in fact feeling good back in
something blue back most gillooly's good
yeah and pretty much walk yeah no
problem that's but it does hurt to not
like when you see people walk by and
snowboard gear you're like oh my god -
yeah I think it's smart we're doing
smart decisions always finish the coffee
and then beautiful drive to the Italian
Alps
life is good hope you guys like that
edit yesterday I sent that hard just for
you guys like I said that harder that I
don't know if I've ever said this okay
basically you're coming into that hip
and normally it's the hips you're
supposed to land on the side but then
when you go straight over unless you
make it over you're so done because then
you're going from like eight nine meters
to dead flat so you really want to make
it over but I kind of went a little too
far over but it's just a feeling I keep
coming up to speed or like wow and then
you're floating at the ceiling looking
down like it's undescribable it's the
coolest feeling in the world nothing
compares to it it's like you got shut
off your
it's like turn all common sense off go
full-speed into this moon ramp that
looks like it's just going to send you
to space and kill you but for some
reason I get really excited about that
so cheers to the morning and let's go to
even if we don't fly we end up being at
airports anyway but I have to admit
having today off the Huck doll schedule
there was a good plan oh I think I could
see him a team over there
he's I mean come to us honey I don't
think we're at a parking lot we're
supposed to be unusual no one is yelling
yet which is good hey boys or good to
meet you can't remember the nice garage
mean business
oh we need coffee now what about Red
Bull no no I say that before we do
anything else I think we should sure
your application video cuz that shows a
bit more of who you are what you do
check it out
hey how's it going my name is Arne
Watkins and I'm 19 years old and clover
South Carolina
people feel me
ah
from
here we are in Munich put in a camera
again a camera shot here we go and but
today we're searching for a long lens
for the drone we can shoot like really
cinematic sick stuff we're going to be
quick get here don't worry ooh does an
amazing stuff okay now we are listen
okay okay see you okay lower the outside
once we have what we need that was not
the plan no we got more than that drill
month time learn it's a like a bag but
it's not like a stuff what it is we'll
show you later and now it's a quarter to
three and the vlogs not up and I said
I'd do a triple backflip the vlog was
not up Benny you can get out here right
yeah you're fired
he's trying to make me do a triple
backflip I'm throwing down the edit on
purpose I think it's a good idea now
yeah triple backflip yeah I think
everybody would say Thank You Benny for
being so slow today then we have
actually the Dell computer and that's
why it takes a while because it's a fast
computer but the shortcuts and all the
details are different than the Mac the
first set we do on it yet as well okay
so we we blame that today the great
computer but we're still working so does
that get me off the triple I think us
trying to make a better use a better
computer being a little slow to first at
it I think it gets me off so far liking
it yeah low speed is completely
different just after yeah going from Mac
to PC let's now take one day let's go to
suit sir all again yeah right that time
uh-huh since said droning time inspire
with a new lens
oh the difference now is that we have a
long lens on which you know zooms in
more on that was no reason I wanted to
get this in the first place it looks
like a real helicopter would like you
know grace you Cineflex on it this is
the first time you're going to try it
it's going to make our old vlog seem
like it was shot with an iPhone remember
back in the day when we have those
crappy vlogs with that horrible drone
footage the main question is who does
what I can just be the director okay so
now moment of truth so who is being with
I want to do something you want to fly
what are you going to control the camera
I can do camera yeah that's fine
yeah you have to trace first day here
BAM straight into like BAM oh he credits
big fun
okay we Linda Brown sushi don't know how
many persons belly left five by my
present I wasted five percent
how many meters away and it was trying
to lend by Elias like 100 meters away
yeah like you started to ruin this way I
was like I want to see where I landed oh
good I would have been rotting in the
forest it was pretty helpful
you need more batteries you could have
some more batteries or is it like really
low totally recommended to lift I got 19
percent oh yeah 17 we got green still on
it yeah the golden 14% yeah you can fly
home oh here's this I don't whine Oh
zero percent of what no way yeah there
are presents is that okay good job today
but but I love your ability to get right
into it and like be totally okay to lift
on like ten percent yeah yeah that's a
good first impression
most people would say that's a terrible
idea
okay you know you I'm on grading duty in
the backseat and a professional studio
like when people wonder like God why are
they so late all the time it's like this
is our office you and let's go really
here yet right here alright okay I found
so much more shots that I've been
editing no I'm gonna do like eight
backflips tomorrow but it's not every
day we get that in ASCII video then we
motivate get good oh it's really easy to
learn how to use of PC in the back of a
car and windy out roads but the
difference in power on that thing to the
Mac oh my god yeah like I just need to
get used to it the Mac is a piece of
 sorry thanks for hey thanks for
carrying my bags yeah that's how we do
it too we're always late and we're doing
too many things but we try to help top
thing we forgot some Tamarack
necessities now they're here now
everything is here or any is here
and I say maybe we should end the vlog
so we can finish the vlog and stop doing
it today yeah we can did a cool show
completed this is oh yeah yeah that's
very fun de port hold on I think it's
time to end today's vlog and I think as
your first day you should end the vlog
I've learned that the light is better
over here if you back up a little there
that that makes grading way easier so
now the word is your stand the vlog for
today stoked to be here finally made it
to Europe first time here we'll see you
guys tomorrow
ciao ciao time to crush some skiing and
not just crush myself tomorrow yes
