then good morning
day 2 up here at the 9th Royals little
bit of when today so heroines kind of
just chilling and hitting a couple small
things so I just shot a little but now
it's time to strap up and you know just
go ski with everyone it's such beautiful
weather out here some kind of stoked who
took the trip to walk out here or to
drive out here of course I mean I told
penny to hit hit this ball or you know
chill a little bit because that's
important as well when you're working as
much as we do that we get the chill so
Benny's coming up in an afternoon and
I'm gonna keep warming up and just
having fun it's just cool to ski with
everyone and enjoy enjoy my new
sunglasses where you saying lunch break
now
that's right now but I'm so ready now
because his did we just we just caught
the lunch break the very moment that you
get ready like yeah I'm ready
must've been up here for two hours seven
it's been windy and I was just waiting
for the good win now the good wind is
here it was there's no windy look well
there was wind and now there's no way
yeah but now it's good to ride it would
be good be call your bad organizer our
ski now okay can we start late session
earlier than it's only 4:00 and yes
early early hours it takes me a long
time to get started and then tell me I
three it deploys a trio ok I'll be our
3:00 because then I'm going to go down
catch an event organizers okay then
we're gonna spin down to the hotel hello
ah at all we upgraded now we have a
reflector in a proper camera thank you
guys for me yes can we bring this actors
were trading in bad light the food here
yet yeah it is oh then I'm gonna run
thanks a million
thanks perfecto now I just got to get
out there okay can you think I'm like
parkour enough I don't know but I will
soon I think it's Paco young stage one
oh no problem easy now we go and you
always be inefficient bang out an
interview while we write for food and
then parkour away back to the food to
get some exercise
oh hello
Tina schnitzel this is a good lunch
break now we can get ready for afternoon
session I'm going to get there early and
be ready because I want to jump super
quick
makes the border yeah how do you feel
that's the main question are you going
to hit the jump oh yeah sure first tribe
right on the middle one no problem I'm
just a little concerned about the wind I
guess we have to go up and see what
happens up there and she will have a
look and we will hit something that we
don't have time
yeah see this right here I'm loving it
it's like gotta be efficient so we don't
have time to put the board on at the
bottom Benny like no problem let's just
put it on in the left I'm sure this is
in the great I'm me I need you to adjust
finding so now now you're ready for the
big job
yes I'm also warming up at the same time
triple wedding oh yes may I must program
us like we say epic and you see what I'm
seeing up there the raised row you get
there Luke is the world champion of race
droning and he is like he makes me want
to sell all the drones we have cause
he's so good so hopefully he's going to
give us a couple pointers today and can
do it inspire because if I take his race
drone it's game over two seconds Wow
we'd know if I don't see it be changing
oh that is you thing I think if you or
me will try that repression in two
seconds 100% like that one if you push
full gas it doesn't go fast forward at
DISA from flip but first we're going to
focus on the skiing part then we're
gonna play with drones use our we are at
the top
that's next level planning the border
I've been comfortable compared to you
yeah I didn't buckle my booth that's all
pretty sketchy one drone one read too
much of a good warm-up yeah
the update is I think they're opening
and continues with everybody's around
I'm gonna have this transfer weird
gapped quarter pipe to air out like
really fun but little strange no times
away
Oh Oh
Oh
Oh
okay oh how are you feeling I'm feeling
like a Japanese suicide pilots like a
champ
those avenging 16 from behind but it
wasn't be scary because we could never
see the landing you know the 180 got
nailed yes we had landed the 180 perfect
but it was so far down deep that when I
landed like my chest leg went straight
to my knees and I couldn't breathe and
then the other three oh my god got this
and then I'm just seeing that I'm Way
too far down the landing and then like
the last one I landed and you know that
sound you get at the chiropractor huh
imagine that but throughout your whole
body psyche then I'm like and then you
feel better no no tomorrow I won't be
able to get out of bed but hey I don't
care because I went out there and I
hooked it hard yes and I like didn't
give a if I landed on my face but
that was before heaviest landings I've
had the last ten years at least he's
Alexander my dia like already dropping
in I was like kind of feeling tired and
really beat up but I can nice you just
Kindle one more time
well done I'm just happy you know like
sometimes when you get to push yourself
that you're still either way if you just
lay home it at home on the couch and
you're not going to be happy so I'd
rather be banged up and stoked today I
was the official Huck doll of team
overkill I'm not going to move tomorrow
okay so what do we try to morrow is that
Benny's laugh I hear oh yes good so now
I'm seeing what he's flying we're just
waiting for riders to drop in but they
think the jumps a little big okay we're
coming in hot
how did it the like I keep looking down
looking around that's what I expected I
flat hat well I'm done I think I did all
the difficult stuff we have a world
champion droned racer is that the
correct pronunciation age ability fuel
on it so really you think I could
get it in there now yeah I'm not now but
you can learn it they all send you but
I'm free of it with a renewed controller
always you need for fly and you can
drive when you are at home absolutely
it's time to end this vlog already yes
already I'm so ready to have everything
I just like have a hot bath for like an
hour
please and then call up every
chiropractor in this whole valley I wish
we had a sound recorder of my spine on
that last three thing yeah only people
that have had big crashes knows how that
feels
but I'm okay they'll smile if I went out
there and I gave with my best
maybe a little poor judgment but no good
judgment right yeah very good
today's talk about is mr. Olson mm-hmm
and I had so much fun yeah ed overnight
so let's keep doing it tomorrow yeah
check back to see what else we can come
up with the world
what an awesome like when you get to
push yourself those are the good days
and now I'm going to get to push myself
skiing
this game a mess
and II know nothing how are you get so
with all this will say ciao and good
night from citral in Italy and hope you
guys enjoyed watching yes I did my best
that's out Oh
you
