Oh
Oh
good morning yeah this is not a bad
place to say good morning at all not at
all like look at this our plan initially
was to go up and ski at 8 but as we kind
of like got to bed at 3 we always left a
bit so now we're going to just have a
nice chill morning and then we're going
to go up with all the boys they're
coming down for lunch and then we're
going to go up with them for the
afternoon session which is perfect yeah
that's the perfect place to chill yeah
totally worth the drive and it's all
about the contrast right first some
ocean life and then some mountain life
but now I think it's time for coffee and
breakfast oh look at this all empty nice
restaurants because there was up skiing
this thing's chilling it's like a really
cool thing morning coffee what's up it
was it's amazing you yeah like the view
here I have to look at a map where we
actually are cuz I'm just I was just
falling GPS I mean really know where we
are
hold on here's a map so now you can kind
of see where we are
yes which is nice but it's fantastic so
we're going to have breakfast what ski
yes this is a good part of being a
filmer with Kim over tail starts you can
till now I was just kind of like hectic
break in parts and Benny still here so
he's all good so now it's time to just
enjoy yes
but I'm happy I'm really stoked to be
here that's to the room that we have an
issue with the of course they need
rings and coffee back but can you know
if you can fill it up in these two
minutes you did fill it up thank you all
right what a great start to the day just
two guys having a breakfast discussing
life oh Jesus Mickey Gilley to go Vicky
Thomas yeah so yeah here's our room
editing studio right here drill hammer
on your own bike all over the place oh
yeah key bag has more camera gear I love
that slider by the way how practical and
small it is and
tripod and camera head
oh this so yeah this is where we live
I'm going to dig into the Dell start
working on being a PC guy I'm working
needed and then we are gonna probably
come back right when we are ready to
head out and like explore the mountain
yeah woo and we are finally on the left
yes I can't tell you how much I love
getting on the list like you're
stressing do we have all the gear I have
now learned that when we went up the
lift like couple years ago with one
phantom I thought that was a lot of gear
I've not learned that now we have a lot
of gear but more importantly I'm going
to get to go skiing a slushee afternoon
is about as good as life gets but I am a
little nervous I have to admit like
those jumps are not small and it's been
a little while since I had big jumps but
we have the best in the world they're
all here so I'm going to just sort of
talk to them because I love this event
because it's not your traditional face
bigger event like it's different and
then we're going to talk more about that
later but this lift takes us to the top
and at Covington Austin Daye yes
Wow well yeah there's a lot of Wow's
going on I mean look at this just
doesn't look like anything else there's
like 25 different options I don't even
know where to start with it that's why
this is so cool because most events you
know you have Saturday night you know
it's the big air and then you have 25
contestants here it's like a week of
sessioning filming and writing and
having fun kind of like how the sports
started so that's why I think this event
is so important for both skiing and
snowboarding otherwise you're going to
turn into like you know freestyle and
aerials and stuff what happened there
and then people stopped having fun and
this looks like something that's built
to have fun all for a week it's sick so
we have a plan this week we are going to
do like special edits throughout the
week and collect all the best ski stuff
until Sundays vlog because I haven't
shot like a proper ski edit in like 10
years maybe so if you're in this week I
want to shoot all week and like put
together the best thing I can and then
we have a bunch of different plans for
the upcoming day so that way you don't
get the same you know stuff every day
so we have a good plan and I hope you
guys like it but for now it's time for
me to go and like maybe follow yes / yes
are you gonna help me yes sir yeah okay
I'm going to tag along with him and try
to figure out how to hit this thing and
then minutes later Boone
yeah fly some drone and like show people
what it looks like
you
oh yeah I'm still alive however it's
still a Christian that like sunsets
about to come huh come on and it's like
slushy and nice and just to Richard
beats an amazing place yeah so sick
everything and then just watching
everybody yeah go absolutely crazy
uh-huh it's really cool
trying to like slowly progress because
we have all week but I'm having a ton of
fun just being in the air is so sick
well okay I'm hitting the left side
warming up a little bit huh I'm gonna go
have a couple more runs see how many
jumps my body allows me to do and Anjuli
yeah yeah that's number one always
smiles yeah but when you're in the air
you're like oh look we keep you tight
I'd be like I'm 13 ago as ready I would
be thank you thank you
Oh
that's so-called merit food out so big
yeah Luke good night it's absolutely
crazy
all right yes BRR laughs Troy better go
get it
how do I sign for day whoo yeah but
today's today mr. nice man sir but the
light is right no pressure
and
mam's about like this appear quickly
life is occurring it was like oh nothing
anymore
bye-bye light why so I got a couple
shots like I was going to shoot some
b-roll but by the time I got to the
bottom
the song's gone I'm like now so quick
but we still have some some more days
yeah that's the good thing about having
a whole week today was just warm up it
was like looking at it making sure that
I can still jump without dying we'll see
we're just gonna explore we're going get
get get the stuff I'm sure it's going to
pitch black in like two seconds mm-hmm
bellows team bottles much my paper will
do a photo from a pen you know some
Aviva Steve lavash fellows why travelers
what am I saying level is the level
skill of like bellows team vanos okay
I'm gonna get some Italian also Aviv now
it's just like no it is viva la team
Veloz he exactly okay drama pen you know
son
viva la team vanish nice I got it took
me like 20 tries to the braided and the
man of the hour mr. Nico how do you
correctly pronounce your last name
that's a subject is eating sunset snacks
which is the great thing see me and Nico
we've been skiing together for 15 more
than 15 let's call it 15 years Iran
events in Sweden Nikko ran this kick-ass
event oh that we have a filter I have to
admit that I did I did this one I did
this one 9 years ago
only because unit hits a little earlier
the trend guys are copying a little bit
yeah but then you lasted and I like it
that's odd later let's see how long a
journey but yeah it's sick it thanks to
Nika that we're here we have this
kick-ass jump we started a little slow
today to get warmed up and like I did no
movement if I came he would hit it well
this you know it's not you're going to
follow me off that you know the small
one
yeah I will be mom agree okay I promise
see this head shaking here okay yeah
yeah okay I know how a helmet when you
run an event it's like hell on earth for
a week but you're in heaven at the same
time but I was saying this morning also
that I think it's important that these
events laugh because all the figure been
not good well we are one of the few last
ones yeah I like that everybody's coming
yeah yeah that's why I also over here
because regular big air vents will turn
their school sport into aerials and an
organized form where you lose the joy
and like the excitement of just skiing
with your friends in the sunset that's
why I like to survive holy tree and this
is why we have to keep doing it from in
here yeah I will keep coming 50 other
good weather forecast are we going to
racing down yeah I'm going to grab the
drone and race Nikko to the bottom
another thing to come up with you yeah
I'm gonna race them it slow first to the
council Oh awesome yeah you're gonna
I don't even know who I'm going you
should go first I don't know what going
the only kind of drug racing we know how
to do so with that we are going to end
today here from Italy and nine Royals
and come back with a lot more stuff
tomorrow when we didn't get to bed at 3
a.m. and we're tired so shelf and over
and out
