good morning good morning Yanni how are
you I think it's a good day because I
think our ski bags on the way and then I
have a dry package and if it is 1 it's a
fantastic start of today no that's for
me
I ordered a lot of quotes I'm kidding
hahaha the greatest the greatest thing
ever
potentially mega they got excited
you know latest it's an essential part
of a team overkill stuff and you get for
this no rolling the IMAX from VG I this
means stabilized read shots 9 overkill
being taken to a completely new level
okay this is officially the best morning
mail time we've ever had hello
a lot of awesomeness nice I wanted this
for a long time
I know like the amount of like that I
even know what Ronan is yes yes 9
morning it's now only the back could
show up which is supposed to do then
life is complete and and we can just
like pack up bam go to ultra hit that
big jump get the shot down ok
hello hello Benji come on out here in
the light look what I brought you back
oh the survival for 50% Brock bought for
you hold on let me move around life
sensitivity when you shoot against
bright stuff how nice is the fir-tree
tonight how was your chilled a perfect
good nice yeah yeah it was nice to see
Brendan coming again yeah that was nice
I was so showing - everything's good
here
no yeah yeah from friends on TV and then
we've been hanging out and made Yanni
like really good vegetables yesterday
her favorite when she arrives and now I
like everything is like packed up
everything's ready to go except the ski
bag I'm gonna close the gate again yeah
go harass him oh yeah I supposed to take
a picture with some fans outside and
then I was going to say it's perfect
that Benny who speaks perfect French
when you need
in some friends okay hold that see how
the bags doing I will take the picture
what we got
look behind you key bag is here yeah
yeah we can leave what just a couple
days play all right that means that we
are almost ready to go we got to go
through a bit of camera gear to make
sure that we brought everything mm-hmm
ah I haven't showed you know what hold
on yeah oh yeah just uh overkill times
fourteen oh yes DMX compatible with the
Brad oh yeah
so today's starting really good so now
we just need a car we're all really yeah
to go skiing yeah look we are outside
shooting a vlog which is awesome because
that means that we're not shooting the
vlog upstairs again yes because our
first mission is to go get a rental car
so hopefully we'll get one you all know
what my license is looks like and that
is step number two of today to try to
get a better license now we are too late
to ski today we might as well like the
organised try to work on that thing
called chillin
Oh through people camera gear for a
whole crew okay let's watch rim okay rim
okay thank you let off are you so much
fun there we go yes no no no no no no
Thank You Unni all right cool
we're gonna try to get the licenses
Novak half hour and then we'll pack her
up and go there thank you
so coming hello
yeah so it's for Jenny I think so nice
all for young he's old funny she is
popular well yeah we got everything done
we got our drivers license done we went
by the bank signed a bunch of papers and
we're pretty much ready to rock it up
balls drop yeah I'm not going to go into
Austria now I have to fix my cap this
will turn on all right so let's pack up
and help Italy all right no we would go
wow what is this
we got a box uh-huh and I was like okay
we'll deal again later not for me oh we
got a bottle of Red Bull
I'm gonna be epic for our road trip
today thank you guys thank you Red Bull
read me whoever you are I love you at
the moment because I haven't had time to
breakfast today so this is going to come
right in handy when I read all of this
but it's from LSU LSU a million things
unless you you're my favorite person
today don't forget your kappas danke
I'm happy too soon take the plane today
yeah we would have the plane today like
look at this this is like 90% of camera
here and the better red walinski nice
soft well I wanted I get the golf cart
right I didn't get it oh yeah we just
decided to sell the rolls so we got this
size that's nice
way more practical not just kidding so
how long are you going to wait for from
new year old yeah I mean we have this
for a week but knowing else it could be
three hours or a month looking at the
luggage it looks like a long time vlog
equipment the highest level of overkill
yes last bag that's one good job guys
I'm impressed
yeah high five
everything's back we're ready except
Dean you two coming yeah are you going
to come visit us
maybe you'll see yeah okay I'll Drive
first for little and humble business
which goes bye-bye love say welcome to
our new home for the next week I haven't
been to a proper spring ski session in a
long time Anika I'm sorry that I've
never made it to nine nights before this
year we're coming he's coming in hot
our grill oughta grill and like salami
sandwich here we come oh I'm most
importantly I need to be is that really
the feeling yeah
I never stopped I needed to pee when I
left Smallville go go ahead okay how
does it feel life is good yeah look
straight out of real person to give you
anything
you should eat pasta hello over on a
schedule here we're really in a hurry
for nothing but just to get there one
beef one portion where other than my
goggles oh yeah yeah not bad right yeah
might get a pair mmm oh when you buy
something jokes just make sure to get a
lot of it I got to try to find
sunglasses like a good month and now us
on a great pair of gas station that's
where it's all at
no spilling
that's okay sorry that Fundy mr. rally
Benji ready to rock let's rock the
Italian highways it's a sucky speaking
where's the name us problemo see
later awesome gas station
I mean we made it first we were up like
halfway up the mountain would like feel
it because we couldn't find it but now
we found it we have a way that's really
you need mafia like this super soft nice
and quiet and empty yes you right like a
proper editing studio so yes as for you
well I say that we should just end today
here so that we can wake up and see what
this place like looks like in the
morning I have no idea really where we
are what it looks like I know we're here
to ski first we get some sleep so over
and up from northern Italy replaced new
day you see you guys tomorrow
can't wait to see this place first would
crush on the bed general Chow ciao ciao
ciao
