okay if the date danger was a little
shaky it's just because I'm running a
red camera on a gorilla pod that you
sweat so besides the lack of our usual
morning slider awesome equipment things
are looking good it's a sunny morning
everything is good and I'm using this
whole day to just organize my life
because as you know sometimes it's so
full speed ahead that I don't even know
where I'm going but now I know I'm going
austra tomorrow's organized seeing
Yanni's come out a couple hours the life
is good except for Swiss Airlines come
on send me my big tripod I just thought
I'd show you like what I try to do it
when we have nothing else to work with
in this little funny one if this thing
has a weight limit pretty sure that it
wasn't intended for a heavy heavy red
camera so that status update here from
Monaco I feel like I've slept more than
two days than I have in a long time so
so I just think I'm going to leave a
couple of these shots out here I'm going
to get to the Q&A and like bang that out
real quick and I think today is a great
day to talk about what happens after 365
vlogs what should I do
should I run up in the morning and set
up time lapses and like try to kill
myself or should I chill you guys know
that I don't like chilling but I have to
find a balance so more on that on the
Q&A that was posted yesterday but I got
to shoot it today so put it up the run
okay to give you guys a little update on
what's going on we have two terabyte on
this 4 terabytes 4 terabytes 2 terabyte
4 terabyte 4 terabyte and they are
pretty much all whole and that's a
slight trying to like it take away most
of the footage and just keep what we
think we might need for something in the
future but like I just now I start to
want to kind of keep most of the stuff
we have every exported vog that's been
kept but decides that it's yeah I think
we're going to try to start keeping
stuff because one of these 4 gig hard
drives is about a hundred bucks and I
think the memories that are on 4 gigs is
worth more than 100 bucks so I'm going
to try to be smart with what we say but
try to save a little more because
memories are fun they take a lot of time
though transfer come on
if it's one thing I really really like
it's to organize things because every
time I come here is like well I just
don't stuff down everything's missing
today my mission is to go through this
book here see whatever secrets I screw
down here that I probably need because
the best feeling in the world is when
you know wherever the yeom is play i
like the opposite of that ah see red
charger with euro I didn't know we had
yes this is one of the missions my
drivers race driver license but I think
this supposed to be too but have womanly
okay you want to know something funny
well they put you like right there okay
here is a ticket for start over to LAX
man oh oh no ok
there we go so ticket do a census this
is every single ticket that I've had
over the past 15 years so for some
reason I started saving every single
ticket and then I just continued because
I thought to be pumping to have when I
get over to look at all the places that
I got to go so this is my little
scrapbook here saving all my tickets
pick a random want to see where that
puzzle this was you WR are Londa the New
York or London is just a stupid little
thing that I kind of like every time I
get a ticket on like yesterday so I get
a ticket so that way I clear in my box
it's been like pretty short little while
there won't be any hang in there
such goes live when you're trying to
film oh yes hello welcome to my world
where locating it's more important than
putting the cup in the extra coffee
machine and some soy milk and the
kitchen life is greedy
oh now I got to clean that outside fat
it's like a little more in the control
I've done 10% of what I should do and
one of the organize that makes me
there's not been a lot of the last
couple weeks so that's why I'm working
on today Yanni's come in a couple hours
so my plan was to have the time to cook
something good for her for lunch and
make sure this place spotless so kind of
all the drinking
okay so this is kind of what we have to
deal with here two hours before Yanni
comes and I need to clean and cook her
good food be good boyfriend you know
oh and then I gotta edit two vlogs and
do a QA okay fork better faster more
efficient
whoo put you an eight on one part of the
D done I am not quite there yet
so jumping up the time lap running
around real quick technique closing
dollie
hey what's up
I made it your favorite thing oh I can
smell it okay that's one thing yeah
what's the other favorite thing but it's
clean
yeah and I saw that I cleaned everything
and then I took your favorite vegetable
mix you always say that you hate eating
on flight so I figured why not prepare
are you hungry
let me prepare your place thank you does
it tada hold on I'm Rico
oh I'm Molly go come on extra and
home is extra thanks
hold on one thing okay what's the warm
thing that's missing a nice house that
to drink you are hey how well do I
know you really well really well right
now
have you seen that I posted the who
knows me best you or my dad no but then
we can post that later on in this okay
now we're gonna eat and hug for a second
so right back go ha ha ha ha the
computer room is this my life getting
back to me yes with quicker a byline
we don't know yet we're happy we're
gonna have to make a proper test ok
maybe by you my house if it feels really
nice it's smaller than the max but it's
still the same size 15 inch hat really
nice see how narrow the end around it
with like max like massive one you know
what I noticed online well that's a
cameras down here instead of also when
you do expect meetings
it's from under to get a really nice
angle mom I never I never have ever used
a camera so long assisting has power
that's all I care about
yeah but now I have to learn Windows and
like the shortcut stuff let's take some
time well good thing is I don't know
many shortcuts not sure this is like the
first time ever I'm starting up a PC but
like look at this like 40 minutes export
of all that's 40 minutes of my day every
single day then I lose or whatever we
can do to improve that and this has a
built-in graphic card which basically
what you have to buy like in a books
like this between the connect to this
this has built okay I'm excited so like
let's say two days so I'll come back
with a little review and a test on
comparing the two yeah
but initially like a
it looks great I always thought pcs kind
of looks like big books no anymore no I
mean in our own smaller but it's the
same 15 and the screen is clean okay
you're gonna have to teach me a couple
things we'll be back in like six weeks
when I look at slow to understand sake
no no this is great more computer yeah
come to see if they want to give in my
backpack
professor pay me I can do a bun in Jude
Kris Aquino Madrid a minute inquire
katha you have exactly again you should
make sure that you can have both ways
you can have a better um I am welcome to
the idea particle counter in a burrito
now for your call
little operator the boys your web will
find me on that super I'm calling in
regards to a bag
we flew bit Swiss and they lost their
bags because we have a lot of equipment
in there that we really need okay thank
you freely a lot of winning from swish
no I really don't like this anymore like
in the past you would have zero luggage
if you flew Ryanair or cheap airlines
now I'm really like what's the point now
to fly SS and all these airlines that
are nicer supposed to be nicer if you
still can't have luggage you pay for the
luggage and it still doesn't get there
and when they say it's get in there it's
not getting there either
and then they don't know where this you
up with because I am I tripe on my
slider yeah but I can get new skis
slider there's no camera shop and
monocle but I can drive Foster and get
my skis at hat hello can you call me in
a couple hours and see if you find more
information
I think tomorrow I don't I don't need it
tomorrow
I need it tonight except for she but
what you're good because you only get
using the manager now problem with your
luggage or your get in Monaco
they were probably with what it sure
seems like it well thanks for your help
I'll try a different way okay
now I'm like just talking upset about
 Swift's Airlines like if you
have to pay for your luggage and your
luggage is still where it is where you
left and you pay for it like that is not
okay how's it going yes kukuku
to conclude my luggage situation nice
doesn't know where it is Malaga won't
answer and there's no way of getting any
information until tomorrow which is in
three days have to recoup so that
creates a bit of an issue for me because
I have my ski ski boots ski clothing
tripod tripod head slider key gloves
helmet goggles and pretty much
everything I need to ski in that back so
we're not going anywhere tomorrow
morning hopefully some would give me
some sort of information tomorrow
morning and then we can figure out what
to do but connecting here for another
day yes the only good thing is that
yetis here hey there was such a bad trip
from the beginning and that just turned
it even worse so I'm going to try to
organize some more try to get my stuff
under control even more just exported
the video and forgot to remove a clip so
I had to re export and that's why I'm
saying disappeared it's like a million
things that are just not going according
to plan right now maybe plan should be
to rest no organ organized everything is
always better when you organize stuff
organize no I'm going to rest right here
so enjoy push start there and we'll see
you in a little if any progress is be
made in any problems yes
what up as you can tell we're pretty
much ready for bad then I'm like oh no I
forgot to avoid because I was coming
with the unnie in the couch yeah so now
I'm just like going to remove the memory
card of this GoPro and that's going to
be the end of today 9 and then hopefully
tomorrow I will leave you know this like
Squarespace here yeah it was good to
chill des but tomorrow I will leave the
apartment me camp if I'm going to off
strat the search for new skis and
tripods and everything or if I'm gonna
switch headquarters in like man and then
we will see tomorrow yes but now we
sleep so we will say overnight from
Monaco and we'll see you guys tomorrow
ciao ciao ciao
