good morning
good morning good morning and that's how
we like to say good morning at 6:45 a.m.
from Malaga Airport because we're
dropping off the ladies the ladies are
leaving me a penny we're going for a
gala so yeah we're driving them to the
airport like the good guys that we are
yeah actually we just want to get the
the coffee inside here that's there good
coffee
that's good yeah they started right
pull that we're gonna grab a coffee
novelty over three six hot chicken you
serve a bit slow never have flat white
love flat whites I don't know exactly
what it's like
take a cup of Chino with more milks in
between a cup of cappuccino and a latte
yeah that's all they serve in Australia
New Zealand common mantelpiece
yes oh no very good it's good that we're
spending some time on the airport to get
used to
drips and serious travel coming up we
have regular cups in the car so sitting
like this I mean I was driving 90 real
legal and out straw drink so I figured
this would be a great thing to have
should just cover the logos
yeah stick to the color yeah like a
morning shuttle service
I love the other party no we just have
to show how beautiful this is these
better be the best coffees the world has
ever seen two coffees this no logo cup
and the water 42 Europe hoodie two euros
no yeah no yeah no yeah no yeah this
must be made of gold or something no way
how much is the cap
Oh 32 is it no way I thought I was doing
a wedding big but that was a KD final 10
yeah
tonight 399 that would sort of would
have been in mega China I figure we
could use this not like heavy but Church
against the price of it keep far away 32
no cuz the coffee's was 42 and I was
like team party going to Stockholm for
something important now the elegant rare
they do boy stuff yes
sorry what happened okay now I'm gonna
put this don't eat and talk at the same
time you know sometimes I say that all
we're doing so many things but it's also
you created up the last 48 hours have
been a typical situation like that but
before I explain why we still haven't
forgotten or throwback so in order for
you to kind of see what we did yesterday
we can just take a little quick
throwback and then I'll explain why I've
been a little busy and then we got to
something way more pleasant like a
proper vlog movie premiere which is
always nice when you haven't seen the
final product
yeah good morning yeah and then we
wanted a we went on a hike to see this
beautiful hill and its really nice up
here let me see
and then we realize look at this we're
standing here looking at Africa look how
clearly you can see Africa from our beta
so that's creeping outside and over
there it's Africa all the way see pretty
sick we we almost forgot the word like
trying to you know recap our days but I
was near by the fireplace and sent about
9,000 emails and booked like 46
different flights so there hasn't been
much to film or do or anything so I say
that since the Ani is about to fly in a
few hours anyway I say well then we get
back to tomorrow with like a proper day
when we're actually not just sitting
here by the wonderful fireplace that's
so awesomely fantastically painted for a
few days oh I'm gonna get out with you
it's only it's 4:00 a.m. I'm not gonna
dress you know 6:00 a.m. you're leaving
at 6:00 or four six oh but then I could
have driven you yeah I was ready to get
up at four to drive see you fly at six
no oh then I'm totally getting up so you
see her tomorrow
let's let's jump to tomorrow
straightaway yeah so you all know that
we are going to the snow tour in Norway
we are flying tomorrow and during this
whole time the whole plan was to take
Hans the Lord the super-g that was cut
off and for the last week we've been
waiting for one part for the car to be
finished and that car decided not to
show up
so yesterday I have we realized it's not
coming so then I might oh we're not
going like we got sick we're going to
Canada we didn't go to LA cuz Yanni got
sick and now we don't have a car so then
we're like what can we do if we don't
have Lord Hong's back so we started
thinking about all the different ideas
we could have we're like maybe we could
just run like quad wheelers
dude the whole store tour on that and
then we went to the mothership you know
Warner's giant green car but then we
ended up having a bit of luck because we
had so much bad luck with haunts but now
we are actually bringing one of haunts
ancestors to Norway we're gonna keep
that one a little secret but one of the
old cars to have had is coming to Norway
instead of haunts I know it's not what
we planned but sometimes you can't
control these things I'm pretty sure
it'll be just a sick I'm probably a
slight more comfortable and warmer
warmer so I mean in reality Hans is
finished but we're like that was such a
bad plan to go in the snow no it's not
but so yeah this whole coordinating
everything because Hans ancestor didn't
have winter wheels so I've been trying
to find wheels and and all this stuff
and that's been complicated mm-hmm now
we are absent right a million email and
a million texts but now we're kind of
like finally I can already go I'm like
it all worked out we're good we're going
to Norway tomorrow we have a car like
this under control so that's that's
current status I'm like huh and then
what else what else was said but that
was supposed to say oh yes now I
remember I was gonna say that now that
things are under control I almost forgot
the one thing that I wanted to buy when
I got to Marbella for the house not a
big thing but I knew I wanted it but I
haven't gotten it yet so now the mission
is to go and try to find that did you
find anything this wasn't really what we
were gonna search for but this is so
cool
it's the perfect view up there for a big
telescope yes they have it that was the
one I always see the back I've always
wanted one of these I wouldn't have to
but like in this car on
they're like you're you're successful
lounge area so it turns out they had two
couches or two sofas but that didn't
really matter because my card was
declined wait because we bought all
these tickets last night and now I know
what the limit of my credit card is and
I should have a lower limit but now we
are home we have grabbed a second credit
card and we're gonna give it a second
try come on Bart beans safari boy so we
have this one and this one yeah got it
by yourself
yeah now we only have the problem that
we always have we buy stuff can we fit
it there's a very very very high chance
yeah
we can push this it a bit more and yeah
oh yeah oh yeah
- right we're missing one piece
this is way too easy sweet I'm gonna sit
real comfortable up there this is what
we call a success
if wallah
we had we had some guys here that knows
sound so we ended up talking to them
forever and all of a sudden it's dark
out mm-hmm but now we got kind of an
idea on what to do it sound like this is
not your perfect like morning email spot
I love it
look you owe this guy so when you're
tying your shoe on my back hurt
perfect like I know it's just little
things and it says the whole floor is
getting changed it's gonna take a little
while to to figure all that out let me
show you actually the plates so this is
the point that richard has outside so
then I was talking to my brother who
designed an apartment in Innsbruck and I
loved and he's really into it and he
suggested that I should talk to Bauhaus
because look at this plate here it's
similar this but a little darker and a
little more gray in it so when you have
it outside it's not as bright as this
one so the idea is to see if Bauhaus is
enough of these so that we can put in
the whole house that's like tomorrow's
plan I want to show because once you
have that I think these furniture here
you're gonna look and once you have the
throne instead of the whole house yeah I
know
I can't wait because then we have to
move everything I want to do now but
what we really need to do now now now is
go up to Richards and have some balonus
Richard makes the best oh yeah
absolutely you know if we gotta run
because he needed some advice on things
to do on the house okay no hungry the
world famous is it chicken balonus yeah
it's so good
it's up there with the pizza in the
sixth in LA
like it's up there in the top three in
the world you know what I've realized
today I've seen a lot of comments that I
say like a lot and today I realize they
do so now every time I say like and
imagine how many times I say like I love
like if I say like you know like like
like you know like like yeah today I
realized I say that but I have to say
that I did the vlogs and I've never ever
noticed it until today so I'm gonna
really try not to because now I get
really angry every time I say like but
now we're gonna eat so that we can't say
like right yeah you can say like I like
this I like the food the food is great
we're gonna eat now me and Tori
merci beaucoup super finished that's
what we are and since today I'm tired
today because there's been so many
things going on trying to organize it
all but now everything's in place
we have food in the belly we have little
tour here hanging out so we're just
gonna end the vlog for now and then
we're gonna check back next one will be
from Norway in the snow tour with
Batmobiles ancestors - haunts and a lot
of other fun cars so we'll check back in
a in a car I don't even know what day it
is we'll check back on Sunday on the
next one
until then I'll stir manana it doesn't
speak you wanna speak do you speak
Spanish no Swedish I don't know but I
couldn't remember anything more than us
the money yeah okay see you soon
and of course there'll be lots of stuff
happening in Casa casa woman were gone
so make sure to follow that one up later
when we're back
no over not ciao
Oh blue
