read quick quick who hold on let me fix
my hat everything is uploading
everywhere then it's time to say good
morning and today we are having a Q&A
which is awesome because I think over
the last month I have had so many
thoughts in my head and there's so much
going on that I never have the time to
sit down and actually like think about
what I'm doing so that's why Q&A comes
in handy because then you get questions
and then you have to answer to them
which kind of like helps you to sit down
and kind of just chill for a second
because I need that that is going to be
one part of that everything
lots of hard drive everywhere and that
brings us straight into the big question
the question that I've seen a lot of and
that is you have now done daily vlogs
for 345 days you said you would do 365
days and what happens then to be honest
like everything we do right now is so
non-stop it's like you're editing one
blog while you're recording another
while you're trying to plan a third and
everything is so crazy that you don't
have enough time to like sit down and
try to figure out okay we should go
there we should do this how about this
idea
one thing is for sure the amount of time
I have to work on me myself my life my
relationship and everything I want to do
is not enough if I have the baby bugs
for another year so that's conclusion
one conclusion too is that I love doing
vlogs like the moment you get to push
publish see the comments and the
reaction from you guys after ten minutes
when you see the video it's like such an
addictive feeling and I feel so
productive every day I do a vlog in I
think if I can just get over the fact
that some days are going to be like
today I'm organizing I'm doing really
nothing spectacular whatsoever and if
that is okay to have those kind of days
then then it's fun to make vlogs I think
one thing that I'm almost agreed with
myself on is that to start with after
here I want to take one day off a week
because I think just taking one day off
means that I have so much more time to
plan for trips for the other videos for
creative stuff and just sort of make
everything we do a lot better and also
one day a week to breathe because now
everything I own everything I do is
complete chaos and that's going to come
later in the QA that's sort of what I'm
thinking right now but I don't know it
depends tell me what you guys think what
would be the ideal way to do it if I
feel that I need a few hours a week
where I can actually do emails where I
can organize everything all that so let
me know if you have ideas and thoughts
that you think could help us cool moving
on to question number two what is going
on with George - roll I know there
hasn't been a lot of updates I know I
said it three weeks already but
basically because of the fact that we
spent 24/7 working on the vlogs I have
not had time to like be in contact with
the building company every day and make
sure that we run everything as quick as
possible so a lot of stuff has happened
on it there's some stuff left hopefully
you know the next couple days I will
take the time in order to like OREC we
need it so that's that's not mess I
think three weeks is a realistic goal if
I have a little bit of time over because
it's going to be a very very different
and interesting in sick car so nothing
is soft it's just I'm the recent things
are going slow because I haven't I've
been focusing on you guys because that's
like my number one passion to make that
good but I promise I'll try to get to
speed on the rolls as well and then
moving on to more car updates I know we
were wrapping it's the golf car the
reason we didn't show it completely reps
was that I had too many things to do
before he left Mar Bay up so we didn't
have time to complete the wrap and I
always want to show a car when it's
complete so once we come back to my veil
I promise you will see a fully
camouflaged golf car and then continue
with the core stuff what is the latest
on you drive in the lawn same thing
there haven't had the time not a second
over to try to figure out how that would
be possible but I have more knowledge
and more sort of a direction to how I
would sort of
in order to get there and then map here
he has a very very valid question Marcus
said that he would get a hundred K
followers on Instagram he would skydive
Marcus Mel has a hundred and seventy so
yes I'm going to try to figure out a way
because I need to go skydiving as well
because I got that as a gift for Marcus
so goal is to find a schedule that works
remark this me and everybody and we
should all go skydive so answer that
questions because jump Marcus needs to
jump out of a plane for those hundred K
followers and then we move on yeah a few
random things that Emil wants to know
have you always been so close to Richard
or was he an angry girlfriend father in
the start of your relationship with Jung
the first day I met Richard he got me
super drunk on Christmas Eve and I think
the fact that I never said no to him to
the shops he was giving me made him like
me a little and then we just kind of get
along well we try to think we understand
each other pretty well we have both
spent a lot of time with people that you
are keeping generous to and you keep
doing stuff and in the end you get
nothing back so both of us have sort of
limited the amount of people that we
hang out with because we've gotten
disappointed on people loving to take
stuff but not willing to give stuff we
have a lot in common on that way and
Richard is really smart and I love to
spend time with him to learn about
business and everything in life so yeah
we get along super well yeah it's like
one of my best friends which is really
cool and then official Rixos says we
should do more film and photo tips and
stuff like that my question to you is do
you want more photo tips and like stuff
like that and if you do what kind of
tips do you want like we love to talk
about that all day long but I know a lot
of people get bored of it so let us know
in the comments like what you want to
learn and if it's something that a lot
of people want to learn or just a small
piece of people watching the Volks what
is the name of the training app to use
the name of the app is free like fixed
and I should have been use of that a lot
more I cannot think of a day or a month
where I've been as inactive as I have
now I usually try to train every single
day but now it's just been yeah the last
two months of my life has been the most
hectic
no doubt so I'm going to try it from
tomorrow to like really change that and
not eat pizza every day and not stress
every day and try to have some time to
stay healthy give myself some comments
like um you're getting really skinny
like yeah that is true
at least I'm not getting fast I don't
want to get fat but I want to be healthy
so I want to try to work out more so I'm
working on having a blog set up that
gives me time to make healthier food M
wants to know is Richard selling his
boat it's up for sale in Marvel and I
think that's with everything in life
it's for sale it's just a matter of it
is the price right I don't think
Richards really trying to sell it but if
someone comes there and says hey give
you like 20 percent over what you're
asking then yea of course it's for sale
here is actually an interesting question
it's from Michael you seem to have no
interest in the Shorty Awards
you never mentioned voting it in the
vlogs and social media why is this
correct and what so shorty awards is the
big awards thing and for me I feel like
we have so much to learn and I don't
want to try to win anything what I don't
think we are ready to win anything so I
haven't paid any attention to awards
because I want to do better
before someone gives us an award and I
think that that helps us be better and
better videos so it's like it's six that
they have all decent work and I will be
promoting and pushing for it the day
that I think our vlogs are good enough I
think if Shorty Awards were now after
Andreas of any magic week here I think
that would probably then I might contact
them but I also want to like build a
channel through like just people liking
it I don't want to have you know
collaborate with this person of that
person I do everything just to grow the
channel I want to do good content and
it's not gross then that's perfect and I
just sorta I don't want to be your
typical youtuber trying every trick in
the book to get good I just want to make
good videos and then you'll see what
happens okay here's another photo
related question how do you edit your
photos for Instagram so what I do I take
the photo with usually a like Sony or
whatever
camera we have I take it I imported this
group to the computer I edit it in
Lightroom and then I edit it in
Photoshop and then at export and put a
nun Instagram so it is quite a bit of
work but it makes a big difference
actually let's show a split screen on
the left side here we have an unedited
version and then on the other half we
have an edited one so I guess you can
kind of see the crazy difference it can
make if you know how to use editing to
an a are you travelling more now when
you have the vlog or have you always
traveled this much I think the amount of
day sub travelled has always been this
much now there's been a lot more short
changes so porridge now there's been a
lot more short trip so I feel like I'm
on a plane more awesome but the time
away from home is about the same as it's
been for last 20 years so it's just
quite different but at the same time you
know I'm pretty used to it and Lars
wants to know once the merchandise
coming Sheamus with the rolls not a
single second over to try to like
finalize everything it's like almost
done I just need one hour to finish it
so that's what one of the reasons I'm
working towards like finding more time
so yeah coming but just still time next
question has the same answer what do you
think of rally's vlog so far I managed
to watch three of them and then I had
that I managed to watch three of them
but then I haven't had the time to watch
any more of the sorry Riley but I'm
going to get to it as soon as like this
is organized always good I'm going to
watch the run of these vlogs link up
here to ride these vlogs and that is the
first thing I'm going to do once
licensed under control
sense wants to know where does benji
sleep in monaco so since we arrived last
night and Benji was here and Yanni was
not here Benji had the luxurious couch
and I had the bed now when Yanni's
coming today
Benji just took the little train over to
Khan which is one of the main reason why
Beni so
that he has a base here in South France
which helps us you know live alone me
and Jana here when we're Monica which i
think is important for a long-term
strategy what was the reason why did you
end up buying Casa , why did you buy a
house in Marbella and not anywhere else
100% to do with that Richard was there
he works in the industry he knows all
that stuff so for the first time I had a
person that I trusted who knew what he
was doing and he helped me make that
happen
so if it wasn't Richard that wouldn't be
or yani in the first place and then
Richard that wouldn't be a casa Campbell
so that's kind of like I needed someone
to help me be assured that it was a good
placement a good plan ok and here is one
that I've seen a million comments on
like a million you you should go kite
boarding with Jake Celtic and I've seen
all the sick photos the turquoise water
just I have never tried kite boarding
but maybe I should you guys think I
should go and try to figure out if I can
cake board or not worst comes to worst
I'll just have a lot of salt water up my
nose and see some turquoise beautiful
water kind of want to go actually let me
know what you think here's a funny
question why isn't anyone commenting
about the fact that I'm dress is being a
horrible employee leaving its workplace
to go home and make extra money leaving
you into to let pay for his flight
ticket that's not how a team works if a
team member has the opportunity to do
something great of course it should go
that's what I told Marcus Benji andreas
right from the start if you have
opportunities that you think are great
of course you should go because if
everybody is winning in a team then that
makes such a better dynamic so if
Andreas has this opportunity of course
did you go I even told them go no
problem no problem that is I think how
you create a winning dynamic and then
finally also a big question seen on a
lot of comments you is Ben en Andreas
officially now on team overkill for a
long period of time or how do you see
this working out in the long run like
right now we're still sort of in a like
testing phase I mean of course for both
andreas and Benny they need to figure
out
like is this a life that I want to live
because it's like super super hectic fun
but hectic so that is one part of it
another part is that we need to figure
out a dynamic who does what and all this
stuff and we need to figure out how to
be a bit faster because Sandri awesome
vengi can create stuff that are way too
good for a vlog but I think in order to
keep consistency the vlog needs to be
aligned at four which means that we have
to find like a balance between like
Magda overkill and overkill blogs so
yeah like we are we're doing good
nothing is set in stone yet and we're
children sort of they are trying out
different ways to make it work as good
as possible
we actually have Arne coming in Matt on
Tuesday once a year at Austria when
andreas is in Norway so it'll be super
cool to meet Arnie as well and I think I
think the more people you kind of try to
work with the better the end result will
be so so far just trying things out but
I love everyone that I work in what and
I feel honored that they want to work
with me so the final consolation of
everything we must be exactly how it
looks but I can say that the work that
we made the last week was just like whoa
you guys are really really taking it to
a new level
so with that I say we end today's Q&A
and I get back to life is organized in
my life so I can get to watch him some
Reilly long and I hope you guys enjoyed
a little Q&A I know that it's good for
me to sit down and just talk to the
camera for a little bit and have a more
chill day which is nice so over and out
for monocle we will see you guys
tomorrow and ciao
