what has gone on with the wind here it's
like make a sore mouth like you can hear
the hum shake
good morning by the way good Moon River
Center looking at the light this morning
there was no wind and then like in one
hour like BAM the wind came out let's
Amamiya yeah this is our last day here
in Marbella and all I wanted to do was
like chill by the pool but now it's like
really cold up maybe we can swim because
when you're swimming you're underwater
yeah but we have a lot of stuff going on
today we have the gardener's coming with
some surprises we have the architect
coming and like I have all these things
that I'm trying to line up before we
leave so it's kind of like we're good
for when we come back later in the
summer
good would you keep days yeah so we're
I'm trying to just organize yeah I'm
like an organizing mode the RACI wasn't
yes like the weasels yeah like going
full storm the house is shaking yeah ah
in here we have done.such Alera
we're going to put tons to chipler up
here because schefflera doesn't have
like a big heavy root system so it
doesn't crush the wall so when you pick
your plans you got to think about things
like this and they grow really fast and
they're not that expensive so it should
fluorides my one of my favorite plant
row pickle is good
yeah these grow like I'll show you over
by the pool so you do call it yes and
what yeah I mean you know I like I got
to show you this one first yes
have you seen in Bali the Sun feathers
yeah like normally it's really hard to
get them to grow here in Spain but we
put like a whole bunch down so we're one
over there one here and then a couple on
the roof and it seems like it's
surviving and you know I love my plan
here's the erecta the Ken Thea each
other
gelareh and we planted them like this
big a couple months ago they grow when
we were here last summer the top of this
was here so guys so it covers the
neighbor so I can just walk around make
it up here if I didn't have cell Murphy
chemicals
what's that oh whoa that's good yeah
well but we need to save good access
we've seen that cheap access not to be
recommended if you already broke three
yeah but we almost broke markers - that
was I don't care if I break them but
when you almost kill your friend that's
not good I think I need a small motion
button on the life the ideal is to come
to Marbella
relax and leave here like ah and now I
do the exact same thing have a bit of
time over and then I start doing things
and then that lot yesterday was like my
head really spinning we're trying to
find out some more info on that
so are you like how I never covered what
we are doing a million things at once
here today hi well hello the other day
right yes we may some we're gonna see
how efficient you can be yeah like
there's so many things you can do and
it's hard to decide where to sorta we
want to move the kitchen to in there but
then the kitchen is connected to the
floor
which is connected to the windows which
is connected to the terrace which is
connected to the pool just like it's
hard to do the job I need someone to
tell me stuff
but no I think that's a great plan
basically we are going to start Monday
really yeah we're going to get to it but
we're going to do certain things like
the idea was to like do everything but
now we're going to try to be realistic
and not have a construction site here
there's some another question is how
many things can we do before 1st of June
we're going to have a white pool I can
tell you that I suppose that's one of
the most important Slover perfect right
Amelia James thanks for putting up with
my patient thank you all to the next one
hmm I feel like I'm not a construction
they're going to be great yeah thank you
big speak to you is everything okay and
life is under control yeah so guys so
and now meditation
yeah meditation I'm going to swim with
it but I think we all know what swimming
looks like so Moses we'll come back in a
little okay we are right back and Philip
and Richard is picking us up some give
until it his birthday get probably the
horse wrap gets ever under its is
perfectly but the most important is
inside happy Thursday and I got a thing
because that would be a torture little
gift it's really poorly wrapped thank
you
so you don't have to be careful with the
wrapping you can just rip it open
if you douchebag no way ha ha ha at
least I could do
and by the way you can buy juice
perishable thank you so much
how was the leaf I'm more of giving
gifts every day or Brandon days kind of
guy there's a youngish birthday's coming
up so I'm starting to feel the pressure
ah yes but I told him no no way it's too
expensive
sorry honey I had to censor I'm sorry
honey but he's gonna fight me I had the
perfect gift
sorry honey your dad said no but let's
go play some paddle tennis yeah yeah
ready for it and those off your paddle
tennis game never try to so I'm really
good you are no I watch the vlog when
you tried it and yeah and I wasn't
impressed I'm good at most physical
things except for like fall sports not
good with balls so you guys start with a
syrup okay it's game on I'm going to be
on the no-man's land to get some footage
of you and hitting the ball
hopefully I save the glasses I'm gonna
lose followers on Instagram because of
this Oh got it you guys
oh you can do this as well oh no way oh
yeah good exercise but my brain was not
following today it was because of all
the activities that we already had today
how I lost my abuser glasses yes your
surface and wider side then let's risk
of injury some more aggressive game
balls getting bigger
this no you can't watch it what do you
can basically see in a car I need all
the help I can get on this did you enjoy
your new camera yeah yeah I've got a
camera for his birthday
amazing he's going to be a huge blogger
right now you can improve your Instagram
with this yeah by the way put a link in
the top description go give this guy
birthday follow yeah we got him like two
and a half thousand like on Instagram
bouncing yeah we're still working on it
it's part of our birthday gift our team
overkill birthday gift and a douche bag
of course and now ah should we spend
back home yeah then back home oh I'm
spinning into you guys okay hey because
one we've had a lot of requests that I'm
really more in the video yeah but it's
yeah I want to talk about that by the
way because I'm I'm kind of the main
editor so I'll always try to make the
best vlog for you guys so it's like so
something I think that you guys just
have to accept that sometimes and with
my brothers my guys well sometimes I'm
not because I'm editing and it's not
that I don't want to I just want to make
a good blog for you guys now you know I
think that's like question of the day ya
know and he is doing such a good job no
we are doing such as a team to being
triple effort true well I guess we can
conclude the more baya hold on let's
maybe do this
hold on where ever to be at like like
this okay okay perfect because I was
going to say that now it's the time to
conclude this little Marbella trip and
all the blogs here because tomorrow we
are flying so we're going to end today's
vlog here but we wanted to say that says
we're fine we'll be three hours late
tomorrow
enjoyed it I've been blown away by the
quality of the stuff these guys produce
it's like out of this world so I'm just
happy to be a part of the team and with
that said I think we should just end
today so that we can maybe get some
sleep that is there's longer oh yeah oh
yeah yeah that's true yeah yeah we yeah
we've got work to do we'll see you
tomorrow I do
ciao good job
