y'all a quickie we gotta go girl I
cannot fully well why she's coming down
we're gonna say good morning good
morning the great morning except for the
fact that we are driving me on into the
airport and she's late
luckily I have this joy to say goodbyes
Oh goodbye boys yeah yeah I'm so excited
I said we're flying tomorrow but then it
was some Friday yeah we have plans not
going to tell you yet but we have good
plan okay
nothing bye bye bye Church oh yeah now
now I'll grab this guy yeah we'll see
you and you in a little clothes things
he had a bet
you should listen to happy place
well now you're leaving me I know some
nice done air you should believe I know
I'm gonna have to yeah be honest going
to Sweden to making a passport god no
one sees us or one when the camera was
off we were this close to having Kia on
top of our car oh my god I almost got a
heart attack yeah me too especially when
you borrow a car
I like Park 4 metres away from the curb
because I am so careful
you should be thanking here comes the
big benefit of a Porsche
you actually have room for that
knowledge but now you got to go all
right I'm gonna give her a real kiss
goodbye without camera and I'm going to
spin straight to Richard's house to
check it out so see you later honey yeah
Bonjour zoo I made it yeah I have no gas
laughs but I did not want to be late
because I want to check out the house
I'm our red Richard okay super again
always use dude it's been 31 kilometres
so like but it's okay that's perfect no
problem now anxiety the house this car
is now highway approved yes but I do
feel that a black hoodie is not to be
worn today because it's summer so and
you should using CentOS again you can we
have a rule wedding money yeah now we
have to tell each other so we're going
to go and have a look at Richard's house
which is finally finished all those
thumbs yeah things left to do yeah but
there will always in life these small
things left to do and the signs show up
for sale yeah that we got to change that
we got it
oh wow that's a garden the garden is
important it's so funny how much like
almost finished - like completely
finished dust yeah like it was like
almost finished last time I was here and
it was sick I mean the furniture it's
like you can see how it is these are
really ugly right no this is not cheap
when I went too far they are the first
time I figured you outside furniture
they have to be cheap for turns out that
everybody has some such furniture here
and that they're really expensive if I
was partying this is where I would be
the day after or this should try be used
as an editing studio taken up with for
Lala I say we roll the little b-roll
segment and show you all this while I go
look around okay
check it out
it's crazy what furniture does who come
on really big Peppino tail has to be
straight
no that's females from like start hammer
down walls to finish with furniture only
problem is that it makes me want to
build I think we're going to go yeah we
were actually going to go we'll get a
lot later on this afternoon video a big
thumbs don't intelligence with me this
the first they say we go have a kebab
Richard told me that's a good kebab ha
ha yeah really good I love kebab I'm
hungry so look lock her up and give up
yep perfect that's pickle thanks guys
Jay Bob I love to Bob me keep ah I
present say if you want to see like all
the stuff we shot there's a link in the
description I have a link up here in the
left side so you guys can check out like
everything we just showed a couple cooks
yeah see you guys you can see everything
about the house the cool video and now
learn sign now it's tEEN TOP car
lunchtime you think Benjy ethic when do
I take Andre out and we go every race
hahahaha thank you and Miley were you in
one day since I had a kebab last night
okay yeah you guys have a nice trip
yes nice to meet you hi yeah this the
guy that I had to give this mm Swedish
Krona to because I couldn't see a lemon
or Kevin give up on me and the flow so
II would give up I love give up
I'm like the biggest kebab pounder it
you're on now there is no other place
underneath them obey us and now we can
dis compare you how you look today and
we can go like too assertive vlogs like
in front so you can see how fast you
have been no we have a daily blog we
don't have time to eat enough to attack
that's like enough food for three days
huh it's like when you go to Subway you
always get a foot long and then you have
some for later this is the same size of
December 1 but I think you two times
heavier mal Marva Hasler fat has kebab
and nice Whizzer all right let's see
posting questions you're in progress on
4th - yes I live it was that good but I
feel really good ok everything all right
we're we're jumping in with Richard
we're going to go look at a plot because
we don't want to find a plot and build a
big house so you three everyone for all
our friends this thing is bad
I hope we're looking at the biggest the
best one the biggest one I asked yeah
yeah it is it's over 101 on 300 yeah you
can be in bed 20 houses so what is your
first impression prefer to reside anyone
on the fire Casa combo
okay so when do you stop the project
have to talk to the walking selfish
first have to come down in price a
little bit yeah don't let me go see him
what I should have said was it's
interesting but it's a little hide what
I said was well they actually was very
careful thank you
I say we spin back mm calm oh hold on
it's stored to spin when you're like
holding the camera yourself oh yeah okay
spin assistive spinning back to capsicum
oh that's everything right thank you
yeah perfect yeah thanks to play are you
soon yeah we're in a 10 minutes I got to
go and return the borscht because they
think someone wants to buy it
yeah plan goal return the car then I'm
going to go with Richard and go get you
guys to the price so I will come back
once I have the surprise
let's look real nice darling hundred
four hundred more done king
Donna is that the month whoo I mean I
said I was going to go on and get a
surprise but then I got stuck at Richard
oh they're really good so inside you
have a strawberry vanilla a white
chocolate and then like the chocolaty oh
good thank you thank you so much
so before we eat anything more I say
that we should say goodnight for today
but I also remember that up here in the
corner there's not going to be a Richard
video because it's not out yet but we'll
let you know wants us out with the full
long at it and then what there was
something else that I thought about well
yeah since we were looking at loft today
I know some Susan questions about what's
going on with the Indonesia look that I
was looking at and we we have an offer
out there but they have not accepted it
so we're looking around a bit and it'll
be yeah like this one was sick
so we'll see we'll sleep on at first but
it was sick to be up there and and just
see it it's nice to go around with
Richard he knows what it's doing so it's
good to learn and listen but now I'm
gonna sleep little cuz I'm tired yeah so
we're going to say ciao and over about
from Marbella
ciao that's awesome
