maybe I guess it's not a good word hey
moaning you know it so it could have
wake up with you when you're a bit
higher than the morning it's got this
Bigfoot full gas in the venue in your
kitchen string yeah that was hot she's
fallen Highway think of all this it
gives trouble monsters but yes another
like that my beautiful today in Marbella
it's a bit windy first mission of today
is to go to the architect and sign some
papers
Thank You captain ease
that
I just parked here well we went when we
come back you find your car is not here
yeah I saw the other car yeah they take
the car yeah I know me stay in a just be
like this I was waiting okay you keep
the car okay right back
you're back we were fast yeah smell we
have papers in order to actually start
like building cool well no actually to
ask for the permit I'm gonna first love
it so call me later if you're somebody
thank you so much
now we go before they take the car all
right thank you so much felt always on
otherwise no one will comment on our
videos and only about the way not
wearing seatbelts but I always were
even in big old Kaiser yeah I'm just
afraid of the police
not afraid of myself just between
what I used to vote on but melon I need
to go sign a paper I'd love to drive a
golf car away from our bear these
pictures we did and it's big nice
although the golf car is nice when it is
summer it's no way yeah Olli I think the
only problem we have now is that we have
a lot of mix on the colors of the car so
my next phone call is going to be to see
if we can camouflage the Gulf go away
yeah I've been meaning to do it since I
got it but I have enough time
Oh No give it her some love wow it looks
brand-new try lots of spray that nice
little porker the problem is that there
is a hole somewhere in there me to bring
you to this cliff they always have a
Duke place in you'll it yeah a
couple finishing touches she's good to
get camos way overdue
is he really swimming every day maybe
kind of a meditation some yeah problem
it is cold feels like longer you stand
the better that yeah these shorts are on
the bottom so I had to go get him yeah
push Yanni that's a really good idea no
could you you would never have seen an
angry girl in your entire life like she
was like hate you for the rest of your
life no way because you can could be so
nice so I don't even think of it it's
your turn to try your underwater
swimming skills whoo I think Marcus got
halfway Humphrey only one I don't even
know how hard he got it should be yeah
you should try it uh oh yeah that's nice
yeah ii jvb filmer to attempt the pool
test oh it's cool you got it it's icy
cold Danny's got it
no problem oh ho ho he's got to continue
I knew Benny was a water animal is he
making it all the way back in the second
East Reza he won't see it up she wants
to know oh nice job well done
it's good for your brain right like so
relaxed now see in the past melon would
understand me they thought I was a
weirdo out in the pool now I'm gonna do
it every day right the problem is now I
have to do a double lap now it's your
turn damn Benny if I'm watching tomorrow
that's your fault back in the water
no first lap yeah easy is he going to do
one monitor no way ha ha ha weaker
well done well done
thank you little activity and next movie
would be camouflage camouflage
yeah we're swimming in camouflage we can
do we can get better in life hello hi
it's you nice to meet you how are you
good are you good I'm excited that we're
finally gonna do what we should have
done a long time after winning yeah and
I painted this nice blue door for my
girlfriend actually
so take photos
ready to get in so what are you name
Alana
Alvaro under nice to meet you okay what
was the name of your company we need as
much what what everything is the
description of what perfectly since I
always travel around the world I always
have I have my rap guide like in Morocco
freedom and multi-layer and I'm so
excited to this thing it's bothered me
that it's been run for me having a red
car loud not accounts los torres is not
my clock okay let's change this setting
white system leg and somebody great
little more setting than the whites in
the black I could happen in and I yeah
that's really close like that Mercedes
yeah yeah I mean lucky some of the think
on yeah I'm not this color gonna be nice
yeah we're going to run out for a half
an hour we'll be right back Miss Ellie
unfortunately we don't have a golf car
today hope this will be okay camera
frenzy how many keys like that actually
should we spin the home yeah yeah that's
been home
you get the sound effect yeah I need to
finish well it's been it's good we are
now homie doubt yeah because I've been
told you are not allowed to wear the
same thing every day out of all luckily
we have some good friend
hey yeah that helped us hook us up with
all this beautiful stuff yeah have a
large feeling over this stuff because I
think the Moose everything I own but now
we're all good yeah so now we we're
making a camel golf cart at home so we
should go over see that and that's to
match the car right no no exactly yeah
but yeah as always if you want to know
more check out the link description link
in
description and yeah now we got around
we've got to be efficient today lots of
things to do
that's been back to Casa oh really
Justin Galloway whichever one you like
okay
look at this happening camo you're about
to get camoed animal okay
not I gets better that way and then the
fun comes is deciding the camel looks
good and white sick this is how you
manage to get the Sheep well I'll
sometimes this photo shop sometimes it's
also shop but it always easier when
you're doing it on the cars I'm
Photoshop it's cars with so many shapes
and the heart I'll capture I'm linked
array and inside line you pee
hello and happy birthday thank you
yeah you're having birthday dinner
tonight so set my birthday and semi
twins yeah team tilt car in the house
yeah it's like a team a team effort is
always better than the non team effort
we are filming yeah
tell them what we're going to do exactly
yeah who knows me best my dad or my
boyfriend I know nothing 15
I made none for you and one for you okay
different question no no but I think you
know Tom and any penis
I hope so it's just a matter of who
knows that a tiny bit of the other
person's knowledge requested about doing
this yeah I don't
Eddie this is like the confession couch
right here now are you going to use the
slider any so I need 27 then you're
gonna win no I'm going no you're going
to be like the judge in the middle I
know everything is throw budyonny she's
an instagramer turns vlogger turns lager
and we have a very overqualified camera
crew for any shot you leave it like the
producers uses it I get a good discount
you saying Rowley oh okay I guess I'll
give this to you I have an idea I'm
gonna just find on the start selects
your game okay in that case we got a cut
now because both y'all have to watch
this on Yannick channel last tomorrow or
tomorrow we'll let you know what's up so
we you know have an effect
you see he has vanished there was pretty
fun actually
yeah I was the Riddler I was the winner
no we can't tell you how to handle life
so we'll let you know when that's online
and then you can see who knows more
about Yanni meat or Richard and they
also get to know a lot about me yeah
it's your that that that is like a
moment the confessor is always hurt yeah
but I think like we have a golf cart
downstairs it's getting camouflage this
is not finished yet we will come back
with that DeMarcus you can never put
show a half finished product so we're
going to take this opportunity one we're
all here in the couch
do you want to come fill it too as well
and join her and David and Ruth execute
nobody can bring their big to goes if
you want to come come down come down
come and join come man yeah what do you
think when they have the whole family in
the couch enough talking of me we will
say over and up from obey out and we
will see you tomorrow
