good morning Gordon Moore again how are
you well I'm feeling is no better in my
throat yeah yeah he's really sick again
no way it's like teen videoblog sick
right now oh wow we are looki with
underwear yeah well that's what I said
two days before I got sick yeah yeah now
the plan is to go return this guy to
Hendrick and then we're going to be
Carles for a little bit well we have a
golf cart we have a gold color yeah it's
kind of the start plan of the day but
first of course making it nice before
Henry gets it yeah always return the car
nice when you borrow something really on
the gas
mmm-hmm nice Gupta and it's good - it
looks amazing
when did get proper stuff to clean cars
with stuff hey are we ready yeah we
already okay so you take this car and I
think this one okay all right either
success yes yeah call retard
everything's good perfect so now go back
to the gold card yeah but I have a
surprise no way got off we trade it up
for a bit not surprised so this is going
to be alright for a couple days
it's a nine ninety one for Porsche 991
turbo flight oak car completely remodel
I'd why body completely custom inside
then you know just the way we like it
yeah we got the bar this for two days so
it's pretty epic nice improvement up to
the bar that mean the golf car is good
but sometimes good ever you know we got
to match the garage door now that that's
blue we need to blue cause that's what
yeah I haven't been an abortion a long
time so I'm excited to go and you know
give it a good job yeah even it's even
got evreyone wheels which you know I
love so I say that we go home and you
have to girl what to do with this thing
and have some fun yeah and pretty soon
we'll have some fun I'm pretty sure I'm
excited
Wow very good in the commercial and huh
looks amazing especially with the sunni
mama
exactly now Marv is back to executive
car bear should be well let's head home
for a second set a game plan
perfect blue door blue card come check
out all the detail here carbon here see
and what carbon you use this is the same
4x4 weave that I used on the rebellion
that Pagani and Koenig psychosis which
is really cool and then it's a full
wide-body
all carbon kit that's what I like about
top car that it's like it's like crazy
but not in a bad way so I'm just going
to go check with Yanni what she's doing
and then we can set a plan for something
fun I mean we need to see if this back
now what do you see coming cool I like
the color okay all right
I like the farm after saying I have been
in a convertible like ever
Oh No what I like is out here it's great
oh hello
more a lie listen hello we're back in
one piece
uh-huh did you enjoy yeah but it's too
warm to have a sweater on today it's
like summer is full back in full swing
in my bare its climb out as I'm the
house
you didn't think we were going to have a
car like this on a day like today and
not show you more what this thing sounds
like right you know it's one of those
good days where you can swim in the pool
and you cannot like see how a Porsche
feels that's what I love about it it
doesn't feel like a Jew car
so top car first impression the Bible
let's just drive it until it tells me no
more gas go home
you
whoa okay I think I just turned myself
into a Porsche Porsche man no way I'm
not wasn't a Porsche guy so just a
convertible and like the handling so
nice so nice sound sometimes like down
there I forget that I'm not in an LMP
car on the track it's like no stay quiet
stay quiet
so sense it doesn't get any better
the sun's already gone I think it's time
to end today because I am sure that
tomorrow be just as good down here Marv
aaaah
really we'll see Joe and over and out
and I'll probably just hit the gas not
here yeah
