good morning how are you ooh I'm feeling
the worst I've ever felt in well now
that I think of it since I've count with
the vlogs 338 days and I've never been
sick until today yeah it's the first
time
yeah but McHale actually said two days
ago wait two days you hanging out with
all of us you're gonna get sick and I
told her no I'm not
I am fully confident that I will not get
sick I have decided that I'm not getting
sick but if I'm sick tomorrow then
Michaela was 100% right that give it two
days and then you're sick but I guess
you're right Michaela I am feeling awful
and I have my alarm set for 6:30 to go
surfing at sunrise but then I woke up at
6:30 like today I'm not leaving this
this is my space and I'm gonna watch
suits all day and do nothing
but at least you see we have some
construction going on so there's
something productive happening in the
world of casa como but I figured since
I'm here not doing anything we're gonna
look at throwbacks today yeah we have so
many sick but maybe not sick but old and
funny videos so we're gonna start today
with the very first vlog we ever made
was just like nine years ago I think
yeah nine or ten years ago and we were
really sucking back though so sorry for
the quality but enjoy some old stuff
while I continue being sick right here
and then we'll be right back hi
my name is Yoon Olsen and you're
watching the very first post on my video
blog
getting this place for lunch alone oh
sweet
but still it's great to be back on
seated that's where we belong
hello he's doing so well and I can't
hear on either of my eyes I don't know I
got one barbecue again that's a lot of
how much do you got half of that she got
half for herself I think
and how thank you
I was like I really don't want to go and
do this but yeah we're having a
throwback vlog today I'm staying here
the whole day and the next throwback
we're gonna have is from you us at their
Norway big huge jump from way back in
the day we're gonna check that out it's
actually the first time yes bruschetta
joined a big shoot so check it out but
it was an awesome vlog we're checking
out the jump in my speed suit I have 0
tall - you can't tell but I'm laughing
inside really hard really hard I'm just
not openly laughing cuz that would be
mean what's up but at least you know the
jumps looking nice um you know I might
have to go change
he's aerodynamic when he's shaping and
makes for quicker and shape better
shaping capabilities
hopefully this will make him healthy
again big pile of hungry from in here
eat it all Oh merci beaucoup yeah it's
like now used to be sick sometimes
that's pretty cool from University all
right I was so badass back in the day
but still I'm still sometimes not as
often no today no today so while I eat
this we're gonna go ahead and go with
third throwback which is gonna be where
we practice all these jumps I bet you
most people haven't seen how we were
practicing not very glamorous at all so
check that out while I eat this I we're
back in Stockholm am Creek Sweden visit
well the original plan on this episode
was to fill a lot of cars but kind of
changed my mind I thought I'd just show
you with a regular session on the full
Sun water and oh that's kind of sweet it
wasn't that coldness I I thought it
would be it's not warm either
well the point of the jumps that I'm
doing right now is to get better at
rodeos I'm pretty good at fives but my
seven and nines are not as good so
are you feeling better
nope not any better and the audio issues
saying that on all the old videos I
sound like this which is kind of true I
don't know why you're saying this yeah I
think this thing exactly that's so
strange
Before we jump into more of throwbacks
maybe we should show some real time
what's been going on out here and I have
to say that if you're looking for a
painter or just an all-round fantastic
human being in Marbella you have
Kathleen's phone number in the
description below because Kathleen is
like he's helped us with the house for
four years he painted the whole
camouflage everything and whenever I
have any problems kept letting is just
the best so if you have a house or an
apartment or marbella make sure to
contact him because he's like he's like
the nicest guy like I'm a big
recommendation I know it's hard to find
good people
next throwback is like you actually came
across this is so fun to look at old
stuff and it's from when I was first
doing a double flip on a regular Park
chopper and check out some old stuff I
look so funny well
well having an awesome day pretty much
the best day I've had in the park like
yeah I'm claiming this bonus part
conversion by two years then I tried you
know I wanted to record 12 that just not
not a good one for util site a
bunch of times so now I'm sore my thumb
isn't probably bleeding in the inside of
this glove so now I got the camera I
don't shoot Oscar you can see how it's
gonna turn out I'm pretty excited and
I'm out of the couch
I cut maybe I got energy from those old
clips like it's so funny just watching
all that old stuff but it's that's the
coolest thing about vlogging but you
have everything you've done in your
entire life kind of saved on video
that's really cool but I figured that
before I go to sleep and hopefully wake
up better tomorrow like it's like
echoing in my ears when I'm trying to
talk again yeah it's like terrible I've
felt this sick in a long time we're
still vlogging still committed and we're
gonna show you one last throwback which
is the last trick that I was the first
guy in the world to do I think it's like
2011 ish maybe okay it was called the
tornado so check it out
it felt crazy and then I went up and did
it again still couldn't really figure
out what I'd done and then on the third
one I landed I'm like I actually landed
a new trick
well I guess the reason that we're here
and why we have a specially built jump
is because when you're trying a new
trick you want everything to be a
hundred percent perfect
it's taken me a year of kind of
visualizing it to kind of actually
figure out what way I wanted to do it
and about a month and a half ago I felt
like you know I knew how to do it and
then I stood up here and I didn't really
want to go but then I dropped in
not bad right yeah a lot of bending in
that last one and it's cool I remember
when I was at the top I was super
nervous the days leading up to it and
then I was at the top and then I kind of
like just thought like if I can't do
this trick I'm not happy with my life so
then I was like well then I just have to
do it but then all that like scary part
went away because I'm like either I do
this or I'm not happy and I want to be
happy and yeah if that means maybe
crashing and so what it's like it's cool
like mental spin yeah so with that said
we are gone and today I hope you guys
enjoyed some throwbacks I know I joined
searching for which ones to find so if
I'm sick more will will throw those in
there and yeah hope you guys like ting
the younger me the fresher the non sick
but now my brain has stopped functioning
so we'll say ciao and good night from
our band team overkill and yeah thanks
for checking out her videos and yeah
make sure to subscribe subscribe yes yes
tomorrow I hope I can hear out of my
ears tomorrow you tomorrow ciao ciao
ciao ciao
