you
there we go do something about now we
can have a warm morning through this
good morning and it's like really cold
no skew meals and it's really cold if I
may I we figured that we needed to heat
it the fireplace up which is usually
only used in winter but now it's like
really cold what better way to say good
morning and with the fresh fireplace in
the fire and then like once we get warm
we're going to make a plan sounds all
good game plan look at this set this
film sets because like Benji shooting
with a slider on the red and you know
it's like the fact that we can do this
now is thanks to the you know guys like
that's how comment the other day that
said he watched should diaper commercial
for a minute forty if you guys skipped
all the commercials did we meet with an
iPhone filming the fire so hopefully you
guys see that you're watching a
commercial make up being able to do
better stuff and me sleep when are we up
to
surfing okay so we kind of had a plan
today that let's go surfing in the
morning I got my boards ready realize
the fence or monocle
so we just saw their surf shops to me
and Minnie we're gonna jump in the car
and go check and see if they fit if they
do I think it's we abuse crime not to
try to go surfing right I do agree yeah
even though we like you're killed or
like it might be crappy or great who
knows you never know until you know go
we're gonna jump in the car check out a
surf shop
I see we spin to the surf shop and see
if they have anything
some more surf shops let's hope they
have been then we go surfing the cold
water yeah it has the board but we
forgot the fin somewhere oh very good
yeah this is all without them they teach
them and numbers too yeah I think I have
the the clicking and that has a
different background you know the one
yeah that's the longer one that's like a
quick you don't need yeah yeah you need
screws of this kind
no no no new system you trick him
anymore it's really good note about it
here yeah that's the one very good
system because you don't have you don't
need to look them in school but the
really decent gonna have I think you can
use this one as well because you have
some a scary to send you photos but I'm
sure you have like the hole to put the
school also so you can use this but if
you have the click one it's there and
like yes I'm not working here is there
anything else we can get you guys I
think we are great wetsuit here we have
leashes
well we have everything great is ever
really like discounted prices the type
kind of seem scary it scary
right yeah for you for you going to be
very easy to learn the problem is when
the people can with the nineties is
cheek now you was poor they want to do
even have I am 19 for 20 years our
15-year no people did yet hahahahaha
first you lose weight today I hope so
thank you okay we got a wrecks make a
recommendation
someone surf shop in Marbella yeah super
nice in there very helpful and we might
actually do some kite surfing
yeah I think we sure I've never tried
done and these guys are so nice yeah
could be the best teacher ever
oh holy God ah I think we have a mission
successful meaning we can third look at
this step one it might be small
importance at least we're on the board
and of course you're we just need to
make sure these pin fit on the board
there are a slightly different system
but I think they're going to work and if
it works we're going surfing and they
are so normally on these boards you have
a newer fin system that you can just
swap in without using screws but we
think that this can work that's a good
sign right
yeah it's a defense I thought we were
screwed there for a second that there is
no surfing happening we are going to be
surfing Marbella which I never ever
thought I would do and potentially it
could be really messy and punishing but
potentially it could be really fun I've
always said that if marva had waves
there would be no other place live so
you know maybe this is it you know what
um we're going surfing
and you hold one other like the overkill
version right that's not bad right
but now let's go find some waves don't
know where they are but we'll go Boyd in
the bath Pacific oh no no no she's got
more I think we're killing it
yeah okay there's way good way what's up
my bear surf club wow it looks like kind
of wild like wow my country is like kind
of winning today yeah
filming instead of like I never said yes
wouldn't be a good place to start it
like looks pretty good here and there
it's waiver to the Monica when I tried
to surf there Marvie I just turned into
the best place in the world now it has
everything that I wanted and surf and
those surfers and no server that's the
best part I think even better bring on
the storms Marbella we're here
god I hate when I put things on
backwards I feel like such as mega idiot
you pull the Warner I pulled a Warner
I think this is this awesome idea if I
jump in because there's no swell color
that's coming which is the first spot
oh I caught a wave and it was like three
four zero now I just kind of try not to
get plenty on my hand on the way back
it turns out that wax that's made for
tropical water gives you about zero grip
in the cold water I feel like I've been
out there recording a failed video like
I get up come on okay Oh blimey looking
funny or not try to get in these like
right outside of us and then you since I
school
it was one of the worst surf sessions of
height in terms of like effort versus
time on the wave but when it is where
you're surfing towards fun it was great
does that make that make them that was
the best most successful surf session
I've ever had oh yeah I know we had
significant I have been eating so much
it is unbelievable
how are your children they don't work
fit salute Kaiser
I was just hanging now pack up golf car
on here
made it well I never thought I'd come
home to Casa combo wet in my hair after
a surf session yeah like it doesn't get
better than uh since today is not going
to get better than you know wet boards
outside a casa combo with good friends
get velmer film friends filmers I see we
end today's vlog right here right now on
a good news yeah cuz I can't hear
anything on this ear so see you guys
tomorrow maybe some surfing maybe some
other things we're finding different
things to do available and the Sun is
not shining and you just like get tough
yes
so show and over and out from team surf
in my bath yes job
