one two three two three four five what
are you doing today we are starting by
saying good morning and it's another
incredible day the Sun came out and life
is good
but before we continue with whatever it
is I'm doing you know with the new plan
let's start with checking what you
missed yesterday so since it was Sunday
and it was raining and we didn't have
much else to do we decided to give this
thing some paint so I'm gonna pick my
first fireplace we bought all the
necessities are you sure about that
absolutely not no but a lot of it like
the whole floor is gonna be changed and
this will probably be redesigned but
until we do I think it'd be much nicer
with a bit of a shift of colors I'm not
having found at the base here yeah more
like a white or black guy you ready
it could suck like cleaning this out
terribly yeah you're gonna pull this
guy's yeah look at this we bought this
really awesome cover new painting skills
never - it's sticking
I'd say sticking enough - no yeah no
that's perfect
okay we're gonna be right back once we
cover this thing up and ready to paint
over this thing I think and we are ready
we have the plastic we have the paint
and now it's just all up to us
real real funny on my next show come in
smooth
Oh
whoa look at that couple hours later it
was a lot tougher than I expect that I
expected like but it turns out the
fireproof paint is really thick and
really annoying to paint then while
we're doing this that's having real
creepy and for those of you doesn't know
Alexandra she helps me and yawns really
good yeah we're having a Sunday we'll be
back in a second today Sunday absolutely
Indian food and dumpy yeah what's up
best combination ever
maybe you just open the fridge tiny bees
will celebrate Braille sermon yeah yeah
yeah and then we just put a little bit
of duct tape here stop this the duct
tape can all this week's everything
fifteen perfect ready look at this we
have a TV and we're trying out some
furniture yeah it doesn't really work
this way but then these night we can
watch the TV before we watch TV we gotta
have some Indian I was just gonna like
get it ready and bam it said they would
miss the shot damn
no champagne glasses but they should
home
let me get the labels up great I have
not had a glass dome felony on in many
else come see you got a pickup oh you
don't have the duct tape light solution
how you can really shares thanks for
telling us to celebrate now we're gonna
have a glass of this and watch the more
friends and I think it's time to head
back to tomorrow you know and we're not
quite back to tomorrow but you know what
this reminds me of no party like five
days a week five years ago and we are
back here again bright and early and
today's plan is that we have builders
coming and we're gonna figure out what
to do with this area and what better way
to do that then using a bit of this I
have this idea like we're gonna put a
new pool here this stuff's always good
yeah cuz I think when a lot of people
saw this house they're like yeah but
it's not like special like Cossack ammo
well it's about to get real special by
the way yeah let's show a long shot of
let's know from upstairs here is what we
can see
so geometry is very important I know I
might seem like a crazy person with the
boots and everything but that's okay BAM
yeah
infinity pool sunsets over there like
well at like that I want the the deck
level to be the same as the terrace so
that Terrace continues pool infinity
what do you think I think this is good
should you put another line to show the
size of who needs architects with
drawings and stuff when you have a rock
and a wooden stick
hit one two new sites love this idea
like now you can stand here and get the
feeling for the sites of the points that
have just kind of like guessing Yanni
this gelled and the painters coming cuz
we're getting painted things on
different parts of the house full speed
already this is full like my head this
is all over the place because you have
so many things going on but I think
painting this wall we have a pet we have
like a special idea for this wall but
while while they prepared for the paint
I have some gardening that I need to do
in patient mr. Olson the next on this
side here is to remove these plants here
little sort of cactus he looking things
so remove this white rocks I mean we
could ask people that really know what
they're doing to do all this but I'm
impatient and instead of me sitting
around thinking I should do stuff it's
just long and hard life totally what
Betty thought he signed up for a year
ago to film someone doing bike gardening
looks like a big rock number one oh I
thought of this is we bought the house
that I wanted to do it looking like
saundra
tada
it turns out it's a workout to pull
roots out of the ground but imagine
white rocks and nice
that was my workout of the day yeah I
have a terrible cold so no working out
for me but this I just had to do once I
have this idea that I have to try and do
something it just has to happen now now
now and nothing else matters
oh yeah the schedule of the workout in
the description yes
oh yeah you can like you can tell how
like not super healthy I am that's what
I was behind the camera no that's my
gardening here but I wanted to say you
guys crashed jens's website again speak
in a description why do you always have
to grab crash websites I mean I like it
now it's time to get back to my kind of
things gardening and painting at the
time that is way more efficient that is
way quicker and the idea with this is
Richard made his wall one of its walls
in a dark brown and I love the
architecture in Bali we're gonna try it
with the dark brown because I think with
the plants it's gonna be very unique and
it matches up with the the brown on the
door so Jen you said one's wife the on
each side was white which it's the
normal and the ECM the traditional but
since I need to make sorry I fix links
to no but it's not more work than if we
want it white we can but I think it's
important to try boundaries and do
something different yeah so I say we do
one of those time lapses you guys
well since we're doing the time-lapse up
there we had the builders here so I was
talking and I'm trying to figure out
what to do and now I wanted to show you
like a little Photoshop experiment so
you can kind of see what else planning
on doing so now with the little
Photoshop let's look at it looks like
this now so let's start by making the
house white and then let's add some
white tiles here and then look at this
pool I love it oh wait we need to change
the view change view we need to be able
to exit the house sliding door a little
bit of coloured week and some more Sun
Fleur voila
I know it's just Photoshop but at least
then you get an idea of my vision cuz I
want to stand here at night and just see
that infinity edge and the Builder said
we're all good to go yeah so they're
gonna calculate some budget and then
we're gonna be we're gonna be having two
kick-ass Casa for the summer and then me
and Ben here we have an idea we're
trying to sell it - Jionni but Yanni is
like not as excited about it open up
there so open this and then good morning
into the pool and then you can have
another one over there and of there as
well yeah cuz honey it's like but why do
you need a deep pool there Mike this is
if you want to jump but how nice would
that be you wake up and like always I
was working like this every day right
you know me we need a way to start the
vlog because then but it's fun there's
so many things happening and yeah I'm
having not a stressful day but there's a
lot of things electricians internet guys
construction guys but in order to to
make progress you gotta like do a lot of
things so that way when we leave
look at this so long story short we went
with a pretty dark wall because Richard
put a dark wall below his house and I'm
like yes
and Unni was like can you no no tell
your daughter that I love it and I'm
like on the home so it's perfect it's
gonna be great
see the thing is when you when you have
this and you know this is just an
example plan but if you have like some
kickass plans here good lighting it'll
be epic
but before is that bacon SMUD wall mud
wall she calls it the mud wall you feel
best when you're white or wrong when I'm
telling ya the what is little bit tan
exactly I would make it either white or
a darker grey that's my opinion I think
it's perfect perfect well we'll see when
it's done nobody ideas we're gonna have
this is gonna be a great dark grayish
color rotc so it's gonna come up here
gray here might see white rocks and then
some epic winning plans right here but
that's it we don't have any more home
improvements today that's the end of
today's update on the progress here at
casa castle another dog but now ending
short and sweet fun but hectic day more
updates to come stay tuned we're not
sure just like me
