you
good morning guys
good morning how are you feeling today
you're still sick and it's like dumping
rain not take the weather about their
scent but I'm thinking hmm yeah you can
rest or you're sick because it's bad
yeah so yeah what we started today with
some some emails and then we're out that
it magically becomes like beautiful out
which I doubt nice tomorrow an iMac but
yeah we I have one mission today we need
to get pillows because Andre house is
coming in today and we don't have
pillows someone stole all our pillows so
that's like one of the missions for
today but I know you're going to the
hospital with your sister yes so I'm
going to keep working away and like get
 done get done okay you leaving
up real yummy I will take it any day of
the week to everybody leave a comment
not actually everybody go fully on his
field she gets real happy and then it
gets healthy no yeah you're going to do
okay
just pet her for poor little girl you
want delicious food later watch an asana
you can have both keys on say hi to you
sister
oh right so I can hang out with Libya
make her like me so
if you see raining out yeah it's raining
like crazy
hello baby hey how are you feeling
better
hello Aaron everyone is sick bad sick
you sick okay I thought you just of
course hello happy at Babies R Us
you know how to carry all of this I'm
trying to hold it as secure as I can
okay little practicing that's great yes
you look so so real
yeah it's such a happy little guy yo if
you're scared of me again yeah hey hey
that's been Savin the world hey hey it
feels real when you carry that looks
like yeah I'll do a little war and
suppose the weather Oh amazing
so good to be back it's easier to be a
bit of a today
are you ready to go I'm sure to carry
these things carefully so scary to carry
children away right
I'm so inexperienced person and to be
changing it has it small doses at a time
see you soon yeah do you want the key
yeah I'm moving out now yeah you're
leaving me yeah I need to babysit I'll
call you soon we're going to go down to
the supermarket do you have the keys to
included yet usual madam whether the
weather it's like really really really
it's like Mary Clarence is following us
what is this winter this is so not mob
am i bad supposed to be cold car it's
sunny and nice not like rain storm
terrible awful strain e-golf car today
would have been really really really
really shitty I'm Alan yes
the only thing into an array today is to
go to the shopping mall that's the first
time in 333 votes that we have the
delete shots no way look at this down
we're trying to like Somali all the
stuff it'll like promote it but like we
weren't allowed to promote it we should
pronounce about the delete we'll see you
in the garage into second death okay and
not only do we to shoot
well I guess the main thing is that we
got what we came for but it was so tense
we have like the best shots like ever
like the bureau amazing hero crazy good
and now we have to securing the parking
gun and this dark thorns security guy
but we have sheets and pillows and like
everything we have to find a car are we
on the right or wrong for I think a good
one yeah I think Courtney lives in
Marbury most confusing shopping mall in
the world because I still them not to
get up and down from the garage now I
probably look at a particular form
my main goal with this was that if
Johnny was going to stay with her sister
and take care of the kids
I leave the least make her jealous with
the bed so I say we spend and see how
this is going to look on the bed ahh Wow
not bad right Gucci yeah that was like a
training session trying to figure out
like older like the full sets that so
many different pieces that I are you
confused like this is this one like
what's the point of this guy but it's
nice
I've been thinking about getting a
proper set here for soon as I got the
house but it took me four years to like
get to it but now it looks nice so John
is going to stay with with Michaela and
like take care of the kids at least some
might be like sleeping comfortably and
nice real happy achieve something on a
rainy rainy day hmm
a poop oh haha oh so no food
I will see you guys in a little look
it's a little business basically it's
like Terrell get a get the stuff out it
looks almost like a hotel that yeah oh
yeah but now I messed it up tonight
once in the photos the yummy throw you
in one to sleep in you want to live like
this coming we have an original coming
well God is a nighty
no matter now how are you - need to
define live that I can hurt like a bad
coming I'll be back in two seconds
yeah but Yami's been telling me old like
she's really sick and all the kids are
sick and I've been resting on the couch
and I'm starting to like feel sick and
the winner is bud yeah like it's really
bad it's better than all right yeah it
got colder no I quit good son and yeah
we'll go to mondo get booked a ticket
here we go yeah now the goal the goal
now is to like chill for 48 hours make a
master game plan because then do fun
things
yeah because we keep going like this
yeah then we can't improve things and
that's why we're all here to do epic
stuff yeah welcome to some of our bail
thank you okay we should have assumed
though I'm shooting in case you fall
into the water you have to jump play
back sleep there any let's put it this
way when I shot the morning pool thing
yeah I got up like dried off
and then I realized I forgot to turn the
mic on the camera Oh supposed to do it a
kiss you have to dry it and do it again
yeah
so I suck so bad but then it was funny a
more of a knife oh yeah I'm like really
tired today I'm for drawing this thing
called breasts how was it it was strange
I never heard about it no no it sounds
really good yeah me neither I like I
haven't liked it was like really nice
but strange gonna have it you're going
to do it
what okay okay this is angle you did it
it's cool I didn't record no way woo it
was maybe a bit sunnier than this yeah
that was my heart but that's usually
like my when I work a lot and I feel
stressed then I jump in the pool but
then it's usually summer makes us warmer
and we're shooting time-lapse of like
gnarly clouds rolling by three cameras
in a cave out yeah
just as I was walking up the stairs to
go get some sleep I realized that we
have not ended the vlog yet and and then
my second problem was that now we have
one film over there
one film over there so who should like
hold the camera when we say ciao and
good night until I figure that out I
figured I just hold the camera myself
make a quick solution and then we will
wake up strong and hopefully not sick
tomorrow because my throat's like not
feeling awesome so yeah we will end
today hopefully no more rain and no more
sickness and maybe we'll hang out with
more babies tomorrow or do something
else who knows but for now we will say
over and out get some sleep and yeah
that's about it for today we'll see you
guys tomorrow over and up from our baya
ciao yeah good night
