ah what's going on
good morning by the way morning it's a
little windy if you can hear me out in
the area I don't know if they can hear
me but yeah if you probably saw on the
time lapses we have to keep shooting
them but it's like crazy windy and it's
like sunny and then it's bad weather and
it's like in and out and crazy weather
yeah so we are just reporting the
weather here in the morning and then
we're going to continue our or days and
yannis has a cold
yeah but such as life sometimes yes I'm
still a bit tired to be honest from
yesterday are you yeah my brain like you
use so much brain function but at the
same time I kind of realized that I want
to go to the mall I want to be a racer
so now I got to figure out how to do
that because I want to drive that more I
was dreaming - babbling oh my god you
know how I am when I get like into
something I know I go cuckoo yes in a
good way
hello where did you go I want to go get
some groceries and some c4 Yanni
perfect Marcus yeah hello again
yummy oh are you there
she's ID if you have a whole chunk haha
oh my god anything I don't know
yes it's routine well I have to try to
spend it yeah thank you look what I made
you
thank you do you know why I think I'm
sick again
no I know if it's my wisdom tooth no not
again that's why I'm getting sick on the
line but you remember what the doctor
said last time you had it with wisdom
tooth you have to make up more so
Charlie now I'm going to stop filming
you when you're sick
Thanks
Oh
welcome to Casa combo which I've got
that help all you get
yeah good I don't know if we properly
introduced you to the vlog yesterday but
okay your run the race team but yeah
great yeah so we're here to talk about
see what we can do in the future is I
have to understand like the whole system
what it takes to get from like amateur
blog Olson to like Lamont racing Olson
famous skiing it's easy to get to like
good but to get to excellent yeah yeah
what people normally does in two three
days see you magazine one but I wanted
like I'm going to do 10 times better I
never consider it good enough it was get
I can tell you yesterday was very good
if I would ever ride yesterday and then
beat the pro drivers time now would it
be good only impossible yeah but that's
like that's for me that's here I mean I
gotta target
nobody was so much fun yeah my dad
always told me like you don't build
something overnight you build slowly
yeah then if you're really fast one day
and then you crash nothing that's my
arrow down again yeah to federalize down
yeah no but I'm using current it but you
have to come off the Turkish one to know
the limit I really don't want to do that
but you have to but you have to you have
to know the meaning of this feeling of
having that core like come off it
happens yeah that's what I want to ask
you I wanted to like just write down
yeah so I understand like okay we're
here now yeah what would be like the
first racing exactly so don't test
tomorrow only for you tomorrow maybe we
can the disaster noon if you won
everything is ready okay probably not
sorry which is a circuit that you know
not only the segways with very very fast
corners you have to be scary in a scurry
after that in my opinion you are ready
for for the car control on the LMDC
now not blooming then we'll have to go
to see how you're doing it on racing
because racing is out sided I probably
would recommend you to start with a
clear cut okay yeah after the deal cut
car I recommend you to make the same
music but with the most powerful car
okay with a Porsche 997 gt3 one a
Eurasian yeah like like this is a mega
fast car so have this does a warm up
that means that LMP is like really
really really fast but after that we go
into the official test with the LMP
series you will be surrounded with 25
other L mp3 cars which I'm pretty sure
you're going to be on the level and with
your skills I'm sorry to say that you're
able to start another mp3 expression
yeah in my opinion this can be done and
it can put you in a level to raise an L
mp3 raise it to 300 I was thinking more
like two years and yeah you had the
skills and then you think of the night
yeah like like I will be sleeping after
that they were like well let's get off
camera and discuss how much recording
like this whole way why not like like
you let you live once so why not figure
out how to do it I have the key okay
actually I always speak super so net
alright
you can always look for other stuff are
we looking for plot to build three we
love all of you one for me and one for
EM yeah in the same clock that would be
like their what we pass what we tell ya
we found this is going to look it up and
we're going around Marbella looking and
there's construction exactly everywhere
on everything and then this plot was
sick but I think they said it was not
allowed to build more yeah we're on the
way here and then we got a phone call
saying not allowed to build their
construction no he's not mine hello I'm
just building a little house and wonder
if that guy happy today you guys not so
happy and not so happy and not so happy
and I'm sure they're not going to be
happier once you have a mayor complex
either
alright boys I see you later okay thank
you bye-bye
hello we were supposed to come to my
baya have energy and just kill it I know
not like he's sick in the gray out but
maybe we just needed a second to rest
because apparently I need to rest
Jonnie just informed me that my shirt is
inside out and she thought about it this
morning and I've been filming all day
and I didn't know oh you saw it too
no one is telling me anything okay
apparently we need to rest
yeah everybody's need to be like okay
new rule new rule if anyone has the
shirt inside out we tell that person
okay food that smells amazing it does
right Wow but I can't I can't take
credit like when I'm picked up food and
I'm like okay meaning so I can't like it
for it and what is it it's like a mixer
like I bought like everything Johnny sex
I try to like get everything that you
like and then hopefully she gets first
do a Goodman I'm always here to try to
be a good boyfriend and I actually have
a plan
voila oh my god they didn't have the
salmon so much as a scrap of hamon
that's boyfriend them right now all
right what I mean sigh sometimes it's a
little annoying to have a vlog but like
sometimes I take it yeah and would it
seem like a good point for him all for
the camera no I for Riley have started
vlogging why don't we like enjoy our
food and then like put on some riding
Harper six thousands of subscribers
videos blog one all right let's check
out what Riley's been up to
you
all right well we will be you Riley the
vlogger yes didn't see that one coming
no I never thought you dog Riley well
the good thing is that when you have a
friend that has a bond you can follow
what they do otherwise you see Instagram
and it's like I usually don't have time
to watch vlogs but now I might watch
Riley's so I think everybody should go
and subscribe to Riley's channel because
if you do that he's gonna have to
continue that way I can stay up-to-date
on what it's doing I say we end today's
ball here it's raining out this gray and
light will just pop forward through this
day yeah not good yeah okay Cho over and
up from our bay out we'll see you
tomorrow ciao ciao
Wow guys
