we're data well today we are saying good
morning from the gorg's circuit where we
are going to draw on this LMP car I'm
like a little shaky and my legs already
I never thought I would drive a car like
this so it's for sure a bucket list
check off for me today but I'm like I'm
like nervous I am nervous I whenever I
get to a track I get nervous because
it's like you get the feeling in the air
it feels like it's so much above my
skill level like that feels like a
professional driver supposed to drive
not me I'm a skier but yeah having a
full team would like a fuel rig in the
bustling like everything that's
something I've never experienced really
crazy days I think I think they're about
to start er up yeah
okay now I'm nervous a street car is
always a street car is back
I'm like shaky I'm gonna get off the
clutch like that it's getting even worse
so ready always ready actually Wow as
ready as I will be for them officer
having a good day the funny thing is now
is that we're going to warm up in a car
that I usually consider the highlight of
my day
all right I'm going to go learn the
track
hey you ready I'm all ready are you
going to be nervous
I figure that God if it's you waiting
I'm okay okay that's good I figure you
cannot come to a truck and film without
being in a fast car
high-five thank you so much
you should have see the veg event like
when I slow down I'm like thumbs up he's
like ah I don't know if you can hear me
but I was like laughing the whole thing
and my teeth closed you know like - I
feel okay so far and I'm going for a
road trip three tacos with your friend
with my first ever since I saw the Audi
r18 I wanted to drive a limo star or L&T
income
oh how was that it was we're being on
the side give a push it feels crazy the
whole thing time so Mike whoa what am i
doing car yeah so when I was like 18 I
wasn't afraid of anything and then the
older I got like 20 29 30
I started being like really afraid of
everything and then 31 I'm like oh I
can't do anything really scared and then
like a year ago it just switched and now
I have zero fear like nothing like you
know that big cliff I broke my back on I
was spending on like 20-something meters
and it was like I was standing on the
sidewalk it didn't touch me at all and
I'm like completely calm now as well
yeah but you need to be a little nervous
because that increases your yeah all the
way yeah yeah so let's push a little let
me like my hamsa life the carbon thing
around the neck so that's one drivers
with love like God you look like such
boss where and now the helmet is I'm
going to have a
he'd better yeah it's really oh how is
it okay first it was a little scary on
the first vent but now it's like enjoy
now the high-speed ones are getting real
scary so like if ya don't explain it's
just like just imagine that the Ferrari
feels like that yellow bus on the other
side compares it do I have a future in
this or am i sucking I'm like it feels
pretty dice but that's what everything
practice makes perfect
and now I have ten laps yeah
all right this is the time thats 1801
gear down we can that take you ya know
so basically I'm too nice to the car
you have such a nice car on the way
music okay then I go quick don't you
like now we're getting to the point
where am I who's like on the very
foreign yeah I'm like please speak to
the road hahaha examples we have yeah
yeah I get it take my clothes now we
called Ella next night oh no time to
lose top like I can do this tomorrow
I said that title today
very good
it was impossible but you know I did
something and I think I'm supposed the
amount of energy I had to put to focus
like coming into the breaking as a think
okay
left foots is breaking if my brain was
so like Bridal thinking Fanny you're
driving
yeah I'm coming back home they're
driving home oh I think it is like it is
we're gonna power through a little more
yeah but like the amount of speed this
thing can carry scares the out of
me in the corner like up yeah there's
one quarter in the back like oh this is
not happening but I have so many places
I'm like I'm like oh why did I do that
how's it says number house it says on
this yeah keep messing I think with a
fresh brain yeah that would help a lot
the only kind of little swamp Alaska
there's no more sin troops
into a professional diamond is that what
you 1.500 land on thank you so much
weather really loved on you I think it's
time to go home I don't want to leave
like quick we're milking the last bit of
thought and this amazing day I don't
want it to end so we've been taking
probably 9,000 photos so we already set
up the whole counting to this one
another problem again you get let's
actually put a link in the description
to my website we'll put a bunch of put
up there this is we've had such a
kick-ass day here and I actually like
apparently did pretty good so maybe
there's a future for me here we're going
to work on things a bit because I want
to drive more like it's hard to stop
like tomorrow I want to drive more so
we'll keep you posted on that but I say
we end today here so that we don't have
to end it in the couch in Marbella and
we will see you guys tomorrow and hope
you guys enjoyed I know I sure as hell
enjoyed today it was one of the best
days in a long time so once again just
believe in crazy stuff and they can
happen we'll see you tomorrow
ciao ciao
