well it sure looks like it's going to be
one of those glorious Marbella mornings
so I guess it's time to say good morning
I've already had a couple things done
and when it got a car for Sunday so I
can get up there on the track and then
Yanni's down with her mom's as she's
leaving in a couple hours so things are
looking up I'm gonna go and clean the
house a bit says Benny's coming in
tonight so it's all nice and clean and
that is sort of like stage one of today
it's just like you know do things and
like organize and it feels so good not
to be drained Wow like now I feel like
myself again
look at this little car oh yeah for the
ones of you who remember that big boat
we were on this was one of the cars that
came with it and I got to borrow it
today so maybe I'm next time I'll ask
for the boat instead of the car so cool
Henrik okay
so slight change your plans I took
another swim because it was just so nice
this morning but now Richard called and
said hey you want to go out with a boat
and then I said yes I want to go out
with a boat I mean who says no to their
potential future father-in-law when they
say do you want to go on a boat that'd
be real stupid so I say let's just spin
down to Richard and Bonjour oh this
sounded way better than emails it's time
for a timeout really time for dialogue
today the weather is like magic it's
summer holiday
I think it's going to be a good day I am
pretty sure you're right in that regard
it feels like some are just walking onto
the boat yeah it is summer oh it feels a
font obstacle we need ocean yes yeah
this is a couple cameras for a book trip
this gives me a hundred thousand percent
flashbacks from the summer yeah and I
consider this preparation for the coming
summer every night right yeah
you got it all figured out Philip how to
become a bust layer at a young age
taking in water let's pick up our knife
go good to go yeah
I'm gonna jump in Icona Thanks is it
cold
go for it like 16 that's pretty cool
right
go for it are you going to walk in well
just to say that really it's tougher to
walk in than jump in
do you hear that yeah it was like are
you gonna walk in jump bleating my
stories jumping and have you started now
okay oh my John like okay jumping woo
reaction ah of it oh it's not so bad
actually no no I for sure not a brain
freeze you might it's like nice it's
like I can jump in again
come on it is nice nice it's like
refreshing on the other end I love
swimming and cool things so so aren't
you gonna come join me no not yet sure I
just arrived it's your first full fate
of the year and I've been in five
minutes on time post okay I want to
compound feel cuz I think I'm freezing
my body to prepare it for tanning okay
cool
oh nice is daddy-o's food coming soon
we're gonna have some home made what is
this it's like chicken chicken bull
enough yeah Oh mate
our guys make the best antenna quite far
Wow that is seriously impressed with
cookers and I kid yeah you know he's a
man that has it all possible an ass with
chicken in some kitchen only Italian
look away okay enjoy guys you don't want
to see with us with ketchup in the face
no I don't think they want to see you
either we're gonna have a contest who
can get the most ketchup on the face and
it's gonna win yeah you're all good all
anyone
alright well I guess then we will spare
you the ketchup in the face
we put a time limit on it on like three
minutes tomorrow I'm gonna need all the
energy I can find to drive that car yeah
good warm-up
that's like arriving sore in your body
kind of warm up but who can say no to
some jet ski no one no one you're going
to bring the camera no no I figured I'd
give it to you okay now on the cameraman
you are I am actually the cameraman for
the moment you are the in the water
cameraman now I'm going to go and try to
make your son do stupid stuff okay
perfect that's going to be easy
nothing fun this is a particular sport
good for your body this perfect
hello Yanni I'm the cameraman for the
moment yep
okay I feel really important now he's
coming
3:01
those revenue vote from up front
remote-controlling it right in mr.
remote control
well John thank you thank you thank you
for making it feel like it's summer
again
I was starting it's time to take a
timeout
Noah thanks a million that was like the
best day I've had in a long time
relaxing day right relaxing well now I
just some late with the vlog so okay
that's why we were a little late but I'm
promising from tomorrow we'll be back on
schedule again
now we're going home I did that it
alright see you
I think you look good in this yeah it
suits you
yeah try that later later later but now
we got to get home because Benny's
coming ah yeah baby Benny's on his way
from the airport I say we actually spend
until Benny gets here okay Bennett the
bunny and we are Benny
how are you good
everything is good everything is perfect
yeah okay so I'm a little late on the
vlog because Richard took us on the boat
today
Oh what did nice it was really nice so I
decided to not read it and enjoy the
boat but anyway welcome hello welcome to
Casa Carmel yes it was like are you
going to Casa come on yeah I think so we
grab this bag for you yeah yeah I guess
maybe you've kind of seen how it is but
it's always different than in real life
have you been I haven't swimming this
morning it was nice it's not bad thing
it could like die didn't you yeah I won
swimming twice actually no it's super
good so that's good yeah so this is this
is a scouser Carmel really nice mr.
Campbell how does it look in reality
compared our video it's better yeah I
looked way better yeah no it's not bad
there continue the rooster Wow
oh yeah let's see the other what are we
the cross set oh wow
what is you that's good huh so lots of
good like I should have shot a
time-lapse today because there's
actually clouds all the other days have
not been any clouds so yeah you have
sunset over there and then you have
sunrise that at the ocean over there
it's really nice that this place has
some all day I got to save as much
energy as I can for tomorrow
oh yeah because they're racing it's
gonna be tough
horse sound effect and we are back here
in our beautiful this can be our like
traditional let's end the vlog couch
we're changing this for Chow yeah
exactly we're just going to sit here
johnny is back on her dell how's it
feeling it looks very yummy ish more
than Fabi investor yeah that's my spot
in the middle editing just exporting now
we're little late as usual
but now Benji's here so no more late
except we have a long long day tomorrow
so we gotta power through which is going
to be good yeah we're going to be good
so yeah we have huge day tomorrow so we
should end real quick so we can sleep
yeah okay bring it in I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and that we had an
amazing day I had a nice day coming cute
they had a nice day on the boat so I
think everybody had a nice day and I
hope you guys had a nice Tabata and now
it's time to say shower over now and see
you guys tomorrow
ciao ciao ciao ciao get amaro
you don't like my sound I love
it
