the
good morning nothis it was like the best
way ever to star today and my brain is
fresh again I think all I needed was
some of my underwater swimming
meditation to like relax having a silver
morning in here with some work done
Yanni went out with her mom to have some
lunch cuz she's leaving tomorrow and I
just had to work away for a little and
then I had to go for my morning swim
here and in the cold pool but it's
actually not so bad so now when I have
the swimming done my head is clear I'm
ready to tackle another day and it's so
nice to do with a fresh head hello I
open I was expecting her car how was
lunch
you tired
come on up here and I'll give you a hug
with some energy you you know what I did
I went swimming it was so nice
it pulled us between ya Finnell was here
this morning in cleaned it nice so soup
really good tonight swim and then I did
some work I'm kind of tired too
oh I felt it it's the Marbella like
syndrome you come here you like it and
then you relax and then you have 1
million things to do yeah but it's
Saturday tomorrow
finally all right then we're gonna we're
going to rest for picking them
everything
Oh heart the back it feels like summer
once we get in the golf cart
that it is full like how warm is it out
it's like one my little time camera came
out and we are spending most our day
inside working the poultry oh look a
good okay
doesn't help to keep your feet hmm
all right we all now
oh and open corn been a while since we
filmed Chad oh yeah this is community
fun or some flowers for that matter but
I think what I'm going to edit tonight
is going to have a lot of lot of tumblr
really yeah I put a couple extra in
there just because all right food this
guy I want to eat healthy now like
really healthy locally right very great
we're going all day mushroom looks a
little birth anyways good
Pellegrino okay emergency bars perfecto
mission accomplished
humid summers from both yummy it mixes
to move boom oh no no Spanish Shambala
ah come come come yes I know I love
these it's like everything it's better
in my Bay I even grocery shopping for
now because when you walk at a grocery
shopping you might get a flare I don't
know
like coming home this weirdo house
mobster
what's up with this whether it is summer
yeah like it's full summer oh don't fall
hold on son is probably good for shot
yeah let's go up there actually all
flare here we go hmm we have in touch
with you with the deadly clarity Johnny
yeah
I'll banish omelet I can do that yeah I
think that that's a good plan
I mean I have my time-lapse going on
there edit downstairs going good live
smooth yeah mine too right now smooth
ride
I posted my video and the feedback is
okay so I told you like you the moment
you posted and you got a good comment
like you're like unless you suck so bad
again when you do this it's like
controls your life you know sad but true
if you want to really piss us off a day
you know how to do it or make us happy
true and we're walking around barefoot
life is good so you're not answering in
this before here you go though I think
that looks great like a movie a blog
editing on militaire whole night
my cone we have everything on and we are
ready they're all dreamt before for
today okay well you know what I've
realized is that in Marbella we always
have this I kind of crappy lighting to
end the vlog in so yeah we'll end here
and say Chell and then we'll see
whatever I found behind-the-scenes
footage I managed to get when I was
trying to do that morning swim thing
ciao
