to the haters the doubters my
seventh-grade vice-principal
to everyone who's ever told anyone with
a dream they can't this videos for you
keep your head down follow the rules do
as you're told play say wait your turn
ask permission learn to compromise this
is terrible advice and egotism for going
about it characterize what this new
generation of content creators and
filmmakers what we all do want you to
very well we do what we can good morning
today we are saying good morning from
Moloch a famed
I finally made it down here but I
figured I just saw that Casey Neistat
video last night and I figured I just
had to start with a bit of it so that I
can say that you guys need to go watch
it because when I saw that video I'm
like all right that is like my life
subscribed and you know a few minutes
because everyone always tells you you
can't do stuff but we're always here to
prove everyone wrong and I thought that
was actually a pretty good video for
today's vlog because I just landed here
and now I'm going to go and do some
preparations for some day for something
that I've always wanted to do probably
never thought I would do and I think
most people would tell me you can't do
that so I say we go get the bags we go
check that out and then we go to Marv
Ayotte and give you on your begun Oh
area you don't need a big jacket here
huh and I dunno
alright contact and now who's curious on
what I'm going to go and do that I've
never done play music god it's really
like summer here this is much better
than Paris I don't think I have the
right boots on I have my other visible
yellow not have everything in the mobile
indication another indication big
indication that it's so sick looking you
guys going to see what I'm looking at
you want to see what I'm going to do at
all this is what I'm going to drive on
Sunday getting the opportunity to test a
real lamont car this is an LV 3 has
always been a huge huge dream of mine we
are here today to do the seat fittings
to make sure that I fit in the car and
like adjust everything and then on
Sunday I am going to do my first test in
an LMP car which possibly dreaming of a
start in Lemont and a couple years so
that's like the whole goals see if I'm
like really sucking or if there's like
any chance of me maybe doing some
professional racing it's like you know
it's like the KC video like I don't
think anyone could have told me that I
could have done this one it's good but
if you are crazy enough and you just
like the leads that everything is
possible then all of a sudden I'm here
doing a seat fitting in an LMP car
yummy watch it my new office
hahahaha I might go scared of everything
I come have a break in Italy thank you
let your relative Oh makes me nervous
already
I can't believe that I'm actually to
drive a car that's an LMP car like the
amount of pictures I looked at when I
wanted to build a rebellion like I've
seen every LMP car built ever in history
of the world to like try to to plan the
rebellion so then the likes it is at the
right and now you're sitting on it I'm
learning yeah you can use it okay good
yeah
yeah I think so yeah what about the
decide school sorry you do it I tried to
move your box
yeah I think looks better for sure
because you've got the ocean courses
yeah I definitely visual you did yeah
all right yeah feel comfortable you can
go a thousand kilometres so here is how
you have to create a comfortable yeah I
remember when I fell down there on this
plate transfer is recover yeah ah it's
like really fast from straighter than my
crease mm together yeah it's tough you
don't with it yeah I feel good like I
think you're good I mean you've ever
driven she can leave you did it over you
yeah I know bring a sundry down here
tomorrow
no but this is going to be fun yep if it
hurts from those legs no thing it's all
worth it yeah
let's see how I can get out like forward
to break this she's fitting we're all
good now next up is to go and see yummy
and then we're going to jump on this on
Sunday and like be real fast but first
you can see yellow earning different
monster-movie I will see you on Sunday
super thank you okay I will admit that
makes me nervous but the time time so
excited because it's always you know
it's one of those dreams that you have
that you don't think that you're
actually going to ever like accomplish
but then just getting to tested and then
we'll see how the times are looking and
see if I should test some more or just
stick to vlogging now we're going to go
to Yanni and hang out and chill just not
fly tomorrow that's my goal
no more flights release like five days
yeah we've made this a summer you you
made it out of Paris Eliza and I made it
here yay summer here it's gonna be 28
degrees let's go let's go up there yeah
that seems like a way better plan hold
on let me look looks by by Oh last time
we're here Oh waiter and cold the place
is still alive
the old house how's the temperature in
the pool ah well warmer than Christmas
I kind of see that we left the mattress
out when we left I think we have them I
think we have a little bit of work to do
on this no looks a little dirty yeah
we're not going to worry about dirt on
the floor we're gonna we're gonna put
the camera down for a sec maybe make out
and like chilling the Sun yeah yeah
that's a good plan okay ciao
and jump in the pool
you
well what happened and like I was gonna
get the sunflower shot and they're like
Iran and like drove away huh but somehow
I was so ninja we that I'm okay good
are you getting the fire I think someone
is on the door so I need to go on open
yeah check it out
did you hurt Emily I'm like I gotta get
the shot okay take your picture dad oh
well hello how are you
super how are you I'm good nice to see
you again see you again I cover today
but you haven't met you yet
hey no hey she's out there where's you
in the pool getting plan hello I got
shot
long time no see watch out for that
Bonjour
Oh bro man yeah I think it's true
romance yeah oh are you guys hungry I'm
super hungry longer yeah Joey I don't do
anything okay you see this I was running
to get the shot and they stepped here
and then I broke this but I was ninja so
I didn't fall could have been kind of
bad I was like you know what Dow I'll
have like leg in two pieces again it's
gonna eat I'm really hungry old song min
Jolson I saw I just needed to come from
I may have to get the energy matters oh
yeah I'm back now I'm back Nora chaos
where I'm like overkill
and
what up what uh my feet ain't lunch yes
hello oh I figured that it's better than
you hold the camera than I do now that
we have the option of not gorilla
putting it yes dinner yeah we just got
back after a fantastic Indian dinner
with Yami's dad Richard link in the
description about yeah it's Richard
and fill it so you can check that out
and I almost forgot to end the vlog
because it's been a really long day as
you saw my day started at 4 a.m. and now
I'm just importing tomorrow's shots boom
but they're good so I'm look I'm looking
forward to tomorrow morning but I think
it's time to get some sleep but before
we do so make sure to check out cases
video and remember that if you are just
a little crazy and believe in your crazy
ideas then you can do pretty much
anything but now about the fog off the
couches over No oh yeah
