No
oh and good morning I figured we would
pick up right where we left off
yesterday because that's about exactly
where I am at the moment I'm still
trying to figure out what Yanni's doing
and I have no idea if she is flying
anywhere today or if I'm flying anywhere
today but touch his life sometimes today
I have promised myself that today it's
going to be the last day of chaos but
right now I just need to get through
today figure out what to do and then
just like smooth sailing from there now
we got a text hmm okay Yanis on the way
to the airport hello ah no okay focus
can you believe having a life where you
wake up and you have lunch and meetings
and stuff and you don't know if you're
flying anywhere think about that for a
second and then you probably realize how
strange I feel that my life is at the
moment but on the other hand I'd love it
I'll be back in a little
see especially is getting my backhauls
object really off sometimes day
commercial anata Malaya our crowd and
your two alternatives
until next week six mana beast and look
on the clock the sexes Excel the just
about you
echo I can you're the hotel room must do
accumulated on a stroke it on top
purpose
food food okay surely eonni is on her
way I'm going to call the reception I
will be right back with a status update
I'm going to be on the board before any
of those honestly go yes there are text
to make it okay okay sorry Yanni
it's on our way to Malaga tonight so
that seems all good I have been able to
book my night my room for another night
so all I need now is to get a ticket to
Malaga tomorrow so as soon as I've done
that I can kind of relax a little bit
continue me it is valid I am just trying
to book a ticket and we are booked
oh you know I got to admit that feels a
lot better knowing where I'm going to
sleep tonight than where I'm gonna go
tomorrow it's kind of like I see feeling
not knowing what is happening you know
that feeling it's not a nice one so now
I feel much better
well now that I know where I'm sleeping
tonight and I have a flight and like you
know things are looking up I figured I
would take a little walk and get some
stuff done because I got these really
sweet headphones but as you know you
need like an adapter for that new iPhone
which is just like real stupid it's nice
just to get out for a little and get
some pressure look at the snow okay
keeping my fingers close that they have
what I need and that's it open ooh
success got my cables so now I can
listen to music more which I realized
it's really nice but I did realize that
it wasn't that nice to just walk around
 it was kind of cold actually so I'm
gonna just go back to my hotel room rest
and we're going to do a bit of a Q&A
because I know there are so many answers
that are questions that never got
answers so we're going to do half of
that today on a day when nothing is
actually happening so I say we just sent
her back to the hotel room under use
this video this guerrilla pod
let's spin back to the apartment hello I
changed my mind I thought it was enough
like snowy you and walking around the
city shooting himself in a hotel room
looking all stupid and weird so I spun
straight to Marvin Yanni
yay and this yeah I figured that it was
much better to answer a couple questions
underneath a palm tree yeah and like in
the Sun and like it's really epic down
here that's it's summer but that will
have to wait for like the actual vlog
here tomorrow okay so I'm gonna have so
many comments about what's happening
with who's editing and who's coming back
and was not coming back and all that yes
I figured it'd be a great time to like
answer that okay so on Saturday
Benji it's coming back yeah he's going
to join us and like do more
vlogs which is awesome because Benji's
like do you like the nicest dude I've
ever met but then we also have Andre Oz
coming on Tuesday yay so from Tuesday
we're going to have super mega duper
team reducing the most off because we
want to push vlogging not do what I did
today because that was like I'm editing
and I'm like you know can I just skip a
day now but yeah sometimes it's good to
give you the uncut truth of like how
difficult our travel class work um and
we might have girl coming down to visit
as well oh really
and krill is the original Jo VD filmer
from 2007 when me and him started the
vlog and what is Gayle levy for those
who don't know Jo VB is you an awesome
video blog I used to call it a video
blower back in that it was no vlogs and
stuff like that so yeah he might come
down as well because then we would have
like the ultimate SuperDuper team and as
I said I promise today would be the last
day of chaos so we're going to end this
vlog here and then we'll pick up
tomorrow which I can't tell you what's
going on because then I ruin everything
I mean exactly so we can't take
goodnight this is not night yet but we
can say ciao and then we can put that
into the computer and export a few guys
ok so uh yeah adios and no more chaos
we're going to go back to like killer
overkill mode ok see you guys tomorrow
ciao
