alright life changes with you people
comments I can take my bike and I think
as baggage is possible science is my
stuff and good morning this time it is
from sunny well not sunny it's snowy
Sweden and here we have my ride you
might have noticed that there's been a
little bit of extract traveling these
last few days / weeks but I was actually
going to go to Iceland like tomorrow and
the Paris trip was kind of like a last
minute thing because that got cancelled
super last minute so here I'm in
Stockholm for a TV show today and then I
am probably flying them all again
tomorrow so lots of traveling as usual
but I think this TV show thing is gonna
be fun so I'm gonna jump in here with
guns get my life sorted Bonjour
I get to go on the super nice car again
yeah this is yemm's by the way we
started JY together way back in the day
yeah it's always good with familiar
faces and now you're actually helping me
with the vlog a bit as well we're just
doing I need help
lots of it for now I'm enjoy this front
feet just chill
oh I love this car like going from the
Praga to this felt like that a future
space machine so nice well a sunny track
the progress great in gold out of it see
our q7 is a little better
all right now I have one mission and one
mission only and that is to find a new
microphone for this vlog because this
microphone has been on this camera or on
the vlogs it's the very first vlog we
ever made so I think it's about time to
see if we can find a new one the heard
sounds important for a vote
Oh microphone like a microphone purchase
and then we ended up getting gorilla for
uni report for me and the rode mic Pro
so now maybe we'll have a good sound
again I just wanted to show how
extremely pretty our pro setup Mike used
to me without the duct tape thanks
goodbye and now of course we're late
that's like the bad thing about bogging
if you're alone you're walking around
talking to yourself and you're like I
started saying something in the
escalator going out of our Londe and
then a guy stepped on behind me and I
felt like such an idiot that I had to
stop no I think we are almost there TV
show oh here it is
I have energy again I haven't had energy
in a month
I still have last night and the man the
myth himself I'm here the host of the
talk show I don't know a body and a
profession to be a part of the Joan
Wilson show especially I'm fine like
that yeah where's my sign your wedding
all right I'm gonna go get ready yeah
don't ask me any hard questions I know
that you like to do that okey
Yaya Yaya Liepa four times and could
stand in golden combination tasered a
value for jail common it has mobility to
forgetting the armed in a common
experience the noisy very can't attend a
cos dis cristela so versatile messages
most documents rainy on YouTube don't
care
yo see you bye-bye I need wanna be whoo
and we survived I think we I think we
killed the show you try again like you
know I do not want to try again because
I will now under power I had is gone no
now we're going I hate when I can't do
things I don't think it's going to get
any better
but it was impressive it looks like a
lot of grip good oh I don't think I'm
supposed to do physical activity today
I'm better at jumping off things so
they're climbing up so now I got
inspired another thing I noticed is that
it's really hard to blog in Sweden when
you're alone because everybody speaks
Swedish to you and I don't want to be
rude and just answer in English but that
leaves me with zero content if you're
your Swede and you meet me with a camera
feel free to speak in English that makes
my life wait wait you just wanted to
throw that out there hmm
home sweet home while home away from
home
oh hello bed no you left the weight like
that cool so yeah just got here
ah step one is edit blog from yesterday
finish the last little pieces I didn't
have time on the plate and then I'm
going to like chill or problem me up and
then I got to figure out where to go and
then I got into this one Oh sometimes I
just laugh at myself like how in the
world do I actually think that my plants
that I said are going to work but it
just does not work it's impossible but
maybe I'll learn someday but for now I
hope it's okay boys a little late they
are out every every day there we go
making a promise right here just today
it's going to be the last chaos day on
this vlog tomorrow I want to be on point
everything's going to be all good it's
going to get back to like that like fun
blog mode where I'm not like seeming
like a crazy person
oh yeah just give me 24 hours I'll be
right back well yeah I gotta fly
tomorrow too
okay give me two days then I'll be back
to like normal like normal persons
vlogging but now I get it
so see you in a second
so I figured I would jump in here and
then you guys know where I'm going
tomorrow but it turns out that now Yami
is stuck in Paris her flight is
officially canceled and she is trying to
figure out where to go and how to do
things so at the moment I'm just sort of
standby here until she has a plan so
yeah I guess we'll see tomorrow what
happens where we're going and what is
going on with the strike over there in
Paris so I'm going to end today here get
a good night's sleep
get on it early tomorrow and then
hopefully find the way to figure out how
to see Yanni wherever that may be so
we'll check back tomorrow and let you
know how everything deceits so over now
and she'll from mr. Olsen in Stockholm
Oh ciao
