hello I guess we should say good morning
Peres what did glorious boarding we're
like okay guys we'll go for a coffee
you're on you know be nice and stroll
around Paris turns up Paris it wasn't
that nice today
but now we have the coffee and we're
going to make the most of this beautiful
trip to Paris so let's go up the onion
given these like wet cups of food so
long secret code good morning we want
like a thousand extra bonus points from
getting coffee because there was the
most measurable weather out science
machine right yes but we have everything
better better
yeah way better okay yeah perfect
yeah so this is the morning beautiful
Paris coffee run with know how I said I
don't like Paris and then like I was
going and give it a try so far it's not
been winning so oh wow that's coffees
amazing I figured it's better too much
than not not but I figured before before
we introduced the coffee since you're
here with friends you can introduce your
friends so that we are not introduced
okay introduce yourself guys hi my name
is Melissa I mean I've been doing oh
yeah yeah you guys remember there's also
I always had also been in love before
but in case you don't remember we're all
on that in the blog photo blog world
Instagram big coffee no sleeper
well we got the coffee break it was it
was not the few morning's left in 2000
great bond oh it ain't
yeah I think your dad think you're like
that team yeah you about to say you
should do more vlogs together can you do
like the energy in the law completely
absolutely he's gone but what I was also
looking at I was looking at this video
it's tough it's shot completely on the
like a cue and I'm like kind of begging
if I should go back to like a you should
it's like the lowlights of the Sony it
does help us hyung but I've been
debating for a few days now but yeah
this looks great good job honey make it
longer team crazy amor together for sure
that down here you have the link to the
honest log was a team effort was really
good okay yeah I guess do anything I
mean yeah I'm pretty like negative
normally really like I'm the harshest
critiques do we get this up feel yeah
yeah we're not here just figure it out
like we're really killing this Paris
trip so far
flew in rain next day rain and then more
rain and then apply strike so might not
even be able to leave can we get that
hang up some more yeah they were like
we're starting to get to know each other
yeah nice you're nice been nice to meet
you yeah Jesse oh hold on
bring in this hood all the way up so now
team Instagram husband it's going to go
meet up with our glamour is drilled and
have lunch but we're going to look like
to soak persons is we're going to try to
walk there there is come on I can look
at everybody's wearing umbrella
why didn't we bring an umbrella that's a
good question
finally we are at a sit-down lunch
together and I'm not like running around
eating out loud to go fishing this is a
great like what we called great contrast
with the cold northern gas station huh
look feel great with tons of vloggers
and photographers around because it's
like yeah you're getting everything
camera yeah it's like this is totally
normal behavior let's try this truffle
or try that I think I think we need to
join the girls more awesome yeah their
programs way better than ours do that
it's one preview dream yeah
what was the skull that won't want to
use - I told her something we did hear
me yeah I was fantastic
alright thank you
all right how many everyone Alice empty
Alexander there was myself peaceful
quiet lunch
yeah cozy cozy getting cozy I think I
give your brother personal wrong have
you thought of it after lunch five
people before lunch
oh it doesn't look like it's pouring
rain
no where's April towel like this is the
penthouse at the Georges Bank hotel and
it's really nice oh here were now we're
talking this would be editing station
for me laugh at oh hello
well the good thing yawning could have
flew to Paris when I managed to be
outside without rain for at least three
minutes Cameras Cameras Cameras and an
Eiffel Tower
you
wait don't want to do boomerang q no I
have them right
I thought I was doing the right thing
frankly I'm too super Superman
yeah but you keep playing for that yeah
you need to degree to like be an
Instagram boyfriend
1 2 3 you know for the whole things I
don't know just be close because I can't
really like move far away from thanks so
much for taking us up here because I got
to see the evil power
thank you so much for taking us up here
doctor amazing you are like Siri seen
this room yeah God probably the best
room entirely seen it is but now we have
to run yeah we're like triple triple
screwed already won two views that nice
you just Eric Foner true and now I think
this is exit I'm running towards the
exit
you
all right so current status is that I'm
supposed to jump in a car in about an
hour to go to the airport but then
there's also strike going on I don't
want to leave but I kind of need to be
it's still come tomorrow but I don't
want to leave I don't want to smell just
spoiled hanging out yeah I like hanging
out let's like slow down temple New
Year's resolution coming late
slow down here every day less resolution
I think I spoke too soon about the rain
rain come in hot and Clara
oh it's the party waiting for the uber
food yeah so there's a positive breeze
oh you're like 12 minutes late honey you
can't swear the means of pumping money
yeah if it means more work for me but
I'm actually filming this from Paris I
was not supposed to be in Paris right
now it's been a fight but there's a
strike going on at the Perth Airport so
I'm on a morning flight instead yeah
Young is real happy mighty get turned
around but you know life is what is when
you travel and it can just get here
that'd be real great yeah and then we
can't continue the the sofa party is it
happening and people do this side
chauffeur
forty time closing things yeah so I
figured that after this glorious like
food delivery I think we've all seen how
glamorous Paris Fashion Week can be you
know beautiful web they're like
successful coffee run and you know all
that yeah it wasn't really like ton of
the Volga and like thought I would shoot
when I went to Paris Fashion Week now
but I still love it they love eating at
home actually no I like this kind of
fashion because my kind of Fashion Week
but with that said where I'm gonna end
this vlog and we got like four more
volunteer going on you have the links of
your own vlog in the description I'm
going to let these people eat and we
will say goodnight and I will see you
guys tomorrow
on route to Sweden for some TV
production stuff Oh
