good morning morning we are saying good
morning from our baya and casa castle
that is not white welcome back Jessica
hey but as an improvement to the vlogs
when we don't do daily books I know it's
hard to understand where we are and
where we came from so I say we just take
it from the beginning and we started the
day here in sunny Monaco but now it's
time to go to the airport and then I
joined the team in Nice fo and we had to
turn up to end the juice Joely years and
then we jumped on the plane and I worked
on my paracord tying skills look at that
if you're in a city
maybe ADHD in full swing by militant and
we've been trying upload a vlog on time
with the excited door closest in seven
minutes and nine minutes away
come on you can do it we can do it ,
hoji show your skin whole fight by my
name even been a problem
no just kidding describing 89 go go go
go I got you back and we ended up making
the fight and got the thing online on
time it was like 10 seconds before they
were actually taxing off it was online
now we have a rental car and we're ready
to go to my veil now this is the kind of
welcome we want when we arrived to
Marbella look at this weather
so much nicer to be in a rental car than
to be in a cab rocking this Audi a4 here
feeling real good about it and Gaza
castle we have a white councillor Castle
things have happened half of it is white
look at this I can't wait to see this in
daylight so I say that hopefully you
guys have now been able to follow where
we came from how we got here and so that
you can follow the vlogs when we're not
doing every day but now that we have
arrived it's dark I say we just like
spin our way to tomorrow and we start
the day for real and now we are back
here where we are gonna have a full day
because because we have a house that
needs a lot of renovation and the reason
we flew down here now is because we have
a lot of things you want to do so that
we don't I know you hated when we had a
big excavator in the garden the whole
summer so we're trying to avoid that
we're trying to be ready for summer so
the plan is to try to figure out what
things we can do before summer because
you know we love building rebuilding and
fixing and then yeah we be good lots of
things going on those real a couple
things about like a painting at white
can I show the older and here's an old
photo and now what what about the door
because Morocco and we've been in
Marrakech Woking
where they make doors and all sorts of
cool things you realize that this door
is pretty epic yeah yeah I see that
so last time years are here we've
actually managed to get a couch in here
and that's about it
but yeah that's the mission of today's
vlog try to make casa castle more
livable but it's so good feeling I mean
okay we slept on a mattress on the floor
last night so and it was kind of cold
massage but are you ready to fix a house
first mission listen to this get the
exhaust opens yeah it is so nice to have
a big car now that we need to go fill
this help out with groceries because the
golf cart just doesn't handle that much
groceries let's go
before we go to the grocery store I
remember I drove by this place and I
thought I Johnny you feel me - it looks
like a Yanni's Lake look at this she was
indigent it's war I Drive around I look
for random things and then I think a
young boyfriend points don't really
think I should have to expensive goods
store can really be poor
you have a very beautiful story
yeah is it the same thing that's two
different stories yes so number two it
was not only one two bonus points Oh
with the wheels thank you bye
okay no purchases but we're making
progress
oh god the problem is that when you have
such a big house there's so many things
needed to get well I'm on a mission to
fix a lot of things that week the more
progress we can leave what better it is
look at that little white house it looks
great it has this like once we've done
it now I have to change the tour here as
well no not very yellow it's very high
it's on my Monday list of things to
check like a temp i but let's go buy a
paint now paint it yeah sure
you just said we need someone that
cleans here and I'm spending all morning
trying to clean and I know we need we
need the water soap but look at this now
we can live here
now we have the most important thing
yeah toilet paper and they'll support
the sugar cubes like the fire how hot
they are
totally maybe but now we got to do a
little bit of eating because we haven't
had time to eat today so so food change
applies we're gonna go up to Richard
since these fifty meters away and he
actually has a table it's torn and new
to the vault
look at this we just don't be seen it in
the song it's way too bright remember
when we're last time I think it was full
like concrete war yeah now it looks like
this oh no we have we saw in the
comments that people are curious on
progress on things we're gonna get
better at following it up I've had such
a comment section reading session to
keep commenting on in videos if you
think things are boring or good let us
know because that way we can figure
things out and we're not gonna do things
we don't want to do just because you
want to do it but we do a lot of things
so that what we can choose things that
seem to be more interesting the other is
you I lost myself but this pool is a
super success yeah I had some help
there's one bummer though it's no summer
for you can a trade yet but it's so cool
with homes that go all the way out
really like the tiles out here palm tree
remove them and then it's gonna be
somewhere here we're gonna have what do
you call it
trampoline trampoline no that is gonna
be flush with the grass
yes a Richard saw the Phyllis back is
okay to like it's unbreakable so the
trampoline was it go
you haven't seen filament fold this back
in multiple ways it's up here up here
yeah
but now we should head down we're gonna
I'm gonna have a little walk around or
gardening with Finnell a master
gardening guy to see what we can do
masterminds in progress
sorry each other I hate you please spend
some more money I just lay don't you
build a bridge over here it's gonna be
grass all the way to here that's gonna
be a fence here I'm Bridge a little wood
bridge visit from Benny just cost you
ten thousand euros thanks Joyce I think
it's gonna be the first one who won't
try yeah but it's it's really nice look
you're right with the car and then your
kids are playing over here in the on the
grass wooden bridge over the gorge
entrance it's so nice to come up with
ideas for other people cuz you don't
have to spend money but you see the
result exactly yeah
we are not losing any time Finnell was
right on the ball and we're gonna start
by removing this because these said
bushes are not growing
that's so nicely so that way we can
paint this so these just got straight to
it I love that like when you want to do
something just bam bam bam bam better
first day oh I did this I know but now I
love big change in short amount of time
that looks magnificent big change in
like 45 minutes yeah this was the before
no you guys are the best
yeah all we need now is a bit of a white
paint in that thing and a couple nice
tropical plants but there's lots more
things are coming because we have our
dinner table yeah we have great carpets
and the table and the chairs
this table looks like maid's room
right
yes the theory when when your house is
actually coming out that you live in
like look at the difference going and
like half an hour ago look at this thing
we have a sample
trying it to see how it looks it's the
same at best Richard Haass because we
like the idea of like a really bright
floor because then you can work with
more Moroccan design elements right
honey
so we're here now to like figure stuff
out and then when we go they can go in
and do stuff so we're trying to figure
everything out and like the couch here
was more that we bought a couch to test
how things are so this is not the final
everything no it's just a test but at
least now we can like live here and just
waking up here it's like last night
yummy Benny fell asleep in there being
the good friend that I am I brought a
blanket bath thinks my thing you know
they really like the house
there's a lot of nice houses but this
one's so special and we have more going
on today we're doing a million things in
a short amount of time as possible but
now it's the most important thing of all
oh yes we have currently be sleeping on
the floor and yannis back is really sore
and if I don't if you remember Richard
went and showed us the young sand beds
and were like Holly and then a couple
days later against and emailed us and
said hey do you guys want to are you
open for a collaboration and I said we
don't do many collaborations but for
this bed yes let's do a collaboration so
we are gonna get the yeah
tonight I'm not gonna sleep on the couch
now we can never ever blame the bed for
not sleeping well in the future so for
tyre is a star fall yeah you don't even
know what you're in for
oh my god damn it like we spent like
it's too good we can I was just gonna
say we're spending like 30 minutes
trying to make it look like a display
bed but I've come to realize that people
that make this play that they're really
good it's hard to show the before yeah
let's show the before I would call that
a date with a lot of progress
we're clearly too tired to vlog anymore
we're just gonna sleep like babies yeah
I just wanted to thank Yin since before
we end this vlog because this is like
the best collaboration I've ever had
thanks Samson you really need it because
she asleep like really yes
it's like course there's a difference in
your note Wingo and lamborghinis finger
we're gonna sleep like a Lamborghini
today okay that's all I own more bits to
come house for animation at full speed
I'm actually gonna go and buy some more
stuff now toodles is apparently makes up
channel into it also toodles we have
this really nice you come to it before
the end now that's it's coming along
what a great day of progress yep thanks
