my kid on my kids everything is on hey
then I say we should kick start this Q&A
I am happy to have a Q&A today because
the past you've seen we've run around a
lot in the last few weeks so having a
day when you just do one quick with one
camera that is quick that it is
sometimes you know it's good to do them
because I think it's fun to talk a bit
more get a little deeper into things but
it's also you know nice to collect a
little bit of energy so I'm going to get
right into it I decided that today we're
going to do a Q&A strictly on sort of
personal stuff no car stuff no film
stuff no nothing like that just general
life stuff doesn't it sound good
you don't like to mix it up a little bit
so hold on one second all right
we're going to get right into a first
question do you ever feel like this life
is going to end it's directed to both
you at me okay so yeah I hope it's going
to end because it would be nice to have
like some sort of a normal life on the
other hand I love what we're doing now
but of course yeah it's gonna end at one
point but I haven't really thought about
one I agree yeah it's like wait wake up
of course you don't want shadow like
this my life but it sounds what they
mean yeah I guess I guess what we do is
that we take one day at a time trying to
do our best and then I guess we'll keep
doing that until you know some other up
some other better option comes up how
has life changed after starting the
vlogs um
they are because they are way way way
busier
wait let's downtime and a lot more work
but it's also really rewarding and it's
super fun and I enjoy every second of it
and I'm the positive side it means that
I have less multiple things to work on
and I have the boy takes up more of my
my time so it's more instead of doing a
million different things
like my main thing which I think it's
really nice and coming back to Sweden I
didn't realize that going to Sweden has
changed a lot because now I you know
I've always been a person that's been
recognized on the street but now being
in Sweden it was a whole other level
like when when I walk in a store on
someone recognized meat it's fun but
when you have people like screaming
lightly like going I mean of course not
Justin Bieber crazy but it's like it's
it was kind of surreal to see so that's
changed quite a bit but you know I guess
that comes to being on YouTube every
single day I guess a pretty usual
question how can you afford everything
you do well first of all I have been a
pro skier for twenty years and we've had
sponsors a work pretty hard I built some
brands and now with YouTube when we are
at the views that we are then we are you
know we're making some money off it and
the biggest thing is that amount of
freights firm money I don't think that
money is being made to kept in a box I
think that you should use the money you
make I mean don't be done with it but
you know live your life like it could
end tomorrow so why I like pulled
everything back so I mean this it makes
it everything and of course sometimes it
might seem like we have more than we do
but you know it's uh yeah we try to find
a good balance of spending enough where
we enjoy everything to the fullest and
at the same time saving a bit is thanks
for to change what do you think about
snapchat and why don't you use it I mean
there's so many different platforms and
in all honesty I barely have time to
check Instagram anymore because it's
like filming someone filming like
booking a ticket traveling somewhere so
I used to smash out of it but if I would
do snapchat that would be like you know
it would reveal what we're doing in the
box so that would kind of ruin the
surprise before doing something fun so I
mean I think you know all the platforms
are good
I prefer YouTube and I'd like to focus
on one and yeah do a few photos for
Instagram because I like taking photos
can you please talk about your success
as an entrepreneur and your thoughts
around it I wouldn't really call myself
a successful entrepreneur I have started
a few companies and they are growing
they are doing super well but I think
that when I compare myself to people who
I think are very successful
entrepreneurs they have come way further
than I have so I mean my general life
philosophy is that I have if I have an
idea I just figure out how can I make
that happen like how would I need to
contact in order to start that or what
do I need to learn in order to do that
so I mean I wouldn't say in any way that
I'm great at it I'm actually pretty good
at analyzing brands and market
opportunities and then not being afraid
of trying because in order to learn how
to do things you got to try and usually
when you try to failure you learn
something and then hopefully that turns
to something good and yet which place
you prefer out of all the locations you
live and say up a favorite location and
so many yeah really hard it's been
really nice thing with Riley and LA in
their new house love that it was sick
being up in Canada with Bushfield I love
Indonesia with the surfing and the
friendly you know Balinese people I love
coming home to Monaco because it's like
small and nice I love the house in
Marbella
so I'm sorry I can't take one it's just
that's our problem for the future like
where should we settle down and at this
point we can't really figure that out so
we're going to keep searching the globe
and see if we find that one perfect but
or we just want to stay and never leave
ever again what's your biggest goal in
life so big question I guess my biggest
goal in life is to be happy and to know
that I am treating all the ones that are
around me well as well as I possibly can
and that I feel a financial security in
everything I do for you know my parents
Yanni and
and I don't have a giant goal I just
want to feel inner peace right simple
but yeah of course like yeah sometimes
financial things can help you find that
inner peace so yeah maybe not the most
intelligent answer but yeah I just want
to wake up in the morning with sweat and
most days I do although some dates are
stressful and I wake up stressed and I
want to be able to figure out how to
live my life and do everything and wake
up with a smile every single day how do
you get motivated to do a YouTube video
every single day which is such a hard
process it's like to me if I'm committed
to something there's nothing that's
going to stand in my way like at this
point I'm supposed to lead to the
airport in 20 minutes and you know if I
would skip this vlog they would like off
and chill and just give yummy hug but
I'd be so disappointed with myself that
I let like the laziness in myself
overtake my commitment to do them every
single day for one year so I guess what
gets me motivated is that I want to
prove to myself that if I said that I
can do something I can really come
through with it and I think that's the
main main motivation and I love filming
of course and I also get a memory from
every single day of an entire year I
guess my expression is kind of the
similar how can you keep working so hard
and it's like I have this inner drive
where I think that I am a terrible human
being unless I perform to the highest
level so I think it's like it's just
that I don't feel well unless I know I'm
pushing myself to a hundred and ten
percent I'm trying to figure out how to
get that down to 100% so I can sort of
breathe a little more often but then
there's so many more things I want to do
and learn and figure out so it makes
that difficult but yeah I just I don't
feel good if I'm lazy
I don't want to be a lazy person I want
to be a person that people look up to
and say wow that guy is motivated and he
gets stuff done here's a pretty
interesting question actually
thanks to this question I put on some
music this morning when I was
check and menos there's never any music
around in the background or you guys are
not into music or wife they're never
music around you remember this morning
when I put on I put on my coma which is
one of my favorite remakes artists and I
do agree music is great it's just that
somehow I forget to put it on so thanks
to that question I'm going to try to put
on more music more often because that
gets you in a good motivated mood what
is the plan
here's a pretty funny question
considering the last four five hours
what is the plan for traveling the
upcoming month last week's one of the
last four hours I've been trying to
figure out how to get the Stockholm
because there's a strike going on here
in Paris so I'm unsure whether I'm going
too deep so I am unsure whether I'm
going to be able to fly to stalk them
tonight and I have to be there tomorrow
for a photo shoot and a TV appearance so
I have been checking private jets I have
been calling SAS to check and fix and do
all this so hopefully I'll get to start
from tomorrow and then after that I am
probably heading you're going to Moorea
right here so I think we're heading to
my Mayo like trying to regroup a little
because since Marcus left we have Andre
ups with us we could have been with us
and we're trying to like you know put it
all into one working system so I'd love
to come home and like land a little bit
and I think we're going on my bail and
then I have lots of clamps but then we
haven't have time success that many
times quite yet so I will update you
once we have a plan I would also love to
have a plan here's another one that we
discussed this morning what is your
favorite thing about Yanni there's lots
of things I love about Yummie but I'm
going to say this - yeah of course the
one thing that I love the most about
Yanni is that she can wake up with the
worst cold having slept two hours saying
that she feels awful and she still looks
beautiful like anything I've ever seen
so that is the best thing about yawning
unless how I am
she's really nice too but that is to me
like to every morning wake up to that's
amazingly cute little face of hers is
the best thing about her all right next
one do you get mad at the slow growth of
subscribers given the incredible content
you try to push every day it seems other
channels grow much faster you know I'm
super happy that we're growing like I
never expected to grow to the size we
are now and I don't really look at how
many subscribers we have I look at likes
comments and I try to just focus on
creating good content and then whatever
else happen happens and I think we're
now at a point where we get more that's
great if we don't then you know at least
we have such a solid following that it's
motivating enough to keep doing the
vlogs so I don't really look at you know
numbers like that because of course we
could cook bacon like sure to do every
opportunity we can like make things that
would be like super user friendly and
that's maybe something I'm bad at like I
just want to make videos about what we
do and not like try to sell my soul to
the devil to make the biggest YouTube
channel on this planet because yeah I'm
not in YouTube to be the biggest
youtuber vitami in there to make the
best content that's what I want to do
and then if we get more subscribers
that's great but I am in no way
frustrated I think we're growing like
crazy and I want to say thank you to
everyone who subscribes and watches
everything they do it's pretty cool to
see all the feedback and especially
thank you to all the guys that come up
to me and say that you're motivated by
what we do and that's that's probably
the biggest accomplishment with this
blog if I can inspire people to work
hard and not be afraid to go for your
dreams um I guess here's one for both me
and Yanni mr. Phil he's always asked mr.
Phil he's always wondering why you're
living in the small apartment in Monaco
well in Monaco real estate is incredibly
expensive and I rented this place twelve
years ago so if we were to move now to
something 20% bigger it'd be ten times
that's it so it just doesn't make any
sense to move apartments as we have the
best location like fantastic building
parking outside and we love the
apartment so as soon as they're as long
as there's not a kid popping out they
don't think that we're going to move
anywhere I love the apartment yeah so
we'll see anything offers to us houses
two of us is perfect
but what about that kid there Kim coming
now well there's no kid coming but if it
does we probably have to overlook the
living situation when will you propose
to Yanni well I can both you know
no not Mike you are not allowed to
propose no I'm old-fashioned I think
that I should be the one proposing but
if I told you guys now then that
wouldn't be a surprise now would it and
and like you know me from doing
something else it's not like hey good
morning you want to marry me like I have
to try to figure something good out 10s
the Travis regrets I like her enough
we'll see
whatever happens happens but so far
we're doing pretty good so what else do
we have here there's just so many
questions I could do six hours of queue
neighs ah how do you get up so early in
the morning when you're really tired I
always stop by stop my alarm and fall
asleep again after I've stopped it well
I get up early in the morning because I
love working with no one's around
everyone's sleeping it's quiet and
nothing like that that is very what
drives me out of bed that I know that if
I get out now I'll have so many quiet
hours so that's why I love setting my
environment 4:30 or 5:00 but it also
requires me to get to bed in a decent
hour because I try to get I want to get
at eight hours of sleep but I have
lately not pre kidding eight hours I've
been we're getting more like five to six
which is not enough so that's why I need
to work on my scheduling but yeah
working when everything is quiet that's
my motivation to get out of bed what do
you do that you are always friendly in
stressful situations I think ever since
I bought my first Lambo I kind of expect
people to have a certain image of me
that you know that I would be cocky and
not be the person that wanted me
so I expect whoever I need to think
something that Amin so then whoever I
need I try to be as friendly as I can to
try to show the opposite not that I know
if I have to show the opposite but I
think maybe doesn't like friendly people
so I try to be friendly whenever I can
what is the best success in life you can
give flesh share to your followers or
other people I think when I was younger
I didn't really know what I wanted to do
and I I mean if I compared the workload
and dedication I put into what I'm doing
now compared to when I was younger like
now it's like four thousand percent more
like when I was younger it was like
partying and like random stuff and TV
games and like I didn't I wasn't focused
on what I wanted so I think the sooner
you can figure out what you want to do
and then start focusing on that the
better results you're going to get but
then of course you should also be young
and party and have fun and it's hard to
give advice really hard if I give myself
some advice I would have said do not buy
a bunch of alcohol to seem cool at a
nightclub don't one will ever remember
that and it's like the dumbest thing you
could ever do so that would be the one
advice I would do and then when it comes
to building cars build them smartly so
they can be resellable those would be my
two maintenance Isis and number three
ask people how they are doing instead of
telling them what you've done those
would be my three recommendations to a
younger you for both me and Yanni what
were you guys like in high school I was
like the super skiing sporty guy who
never went to a party I tried to do my
best in school I wasn't like the
quickest learner in any way I was great
in sports and like all the artistic
stuff and cooking and like the random
stuff the rest I had high grades but I
had to work pretty hard for it because
our parents always said unless you do
well in school you would not go ski and
I'm good in school you know okay I'll
tell you they can tell that young she's
really into it whatever it is she's
doing back there
and it sort of the night don't feel
really good that I can take yeah she is
sick as well so Yanni was really smart
she was always sitting in front of the
class right at the very front then
listening turned the light during the
classes so that she never had to do any
homework and that made her get really
good grades so you were really good in
school but you chose the different
strategy than me who was like not
focused in school and then had to spend
all afternoon trying to remember what
they said yeah exactly
so yeah we were both pretty good until I
dropped out yeah I didn't drop out okay
cool yeah I did I dropped out and we are
we're closing in on the end here
really yeah where do you see yourself in
20 years I whatever dog I want to have
kids I won't have a house where you can
serve I want to be there Gianni and I
want to wake up to the spot where that
is I have no idea I'm not one for
sending too many plans I just thought
about my life and try to do everything
as good as I possibly can because I
believe that that will lead me to where
I want to go then I'm your man
can you send me the questions again I
deleted them
I wrote questions on my computer and
then Denny's editing on it so it sends
it to my phone and now stupid as I am I
accidentally deleted the email merci
beaucoup Monsieur hello you i remember
in an old blog you want to make a shine
have to buy some craps to build a
prototype for a company what happened to
that the craft i bought is now in
prototype staging so as soon as does
pass prototyping we are going to show
you what it is because i'm sure that a
lot of you guys are going to want one of
those because it's an item that i think
we are all in need of and that's why i
started the company but as we all know
going from idea to our old production
takes longer than we all want but yeah
we're working full speed on that as well
you know that's one of the things that
keeps me dizzy that i don't talk about
that i'm trying to like get that off the
ground as well then are you still
looking into developing property in
Lombok yes i am still looking into it we
are looking at you know the prices of
stuff for the lot so
yeah we're looking into it but we
haven't done any progress yeah there's
been lots of questions why haven't you
married young yet them yeah it's a good
question sometimes like any we're having
a great thing going and and sometimes
you're a little busy to like try to
figure out what else to do with it
maybe I don't think yeah you don't need
to dress about it maybe Sifford it under
countries like in Sweden it's not that
big of a deal like might be together
forever and then you get married when
you feel like it
yeah it doesn't change anything so place
dress about it and then I went to my
friend's wedding in con and that kind of
like was the standards like up yeah up
there and you all remember it up ready
yeah link link up here for that wedding
and then you can probably understand why
I need to figure out something good was
it just one day where you woke up and
turn things around to get to where you
are today no I think I was even since I
was like 2 years old I was very
motivated to do whatever it is I want to
do that specific day when I was like a
year and a half I made my mom like put
on skis and like walk around the house
and she's like really like aren't you
bored yet and then when I was in aura I
bought a welding machines like make my
own rail so I can have at home and then
I started a bag company and then I went
freestyle skiing and tried to figure out
how to get good at that
then I skied World Cup and then I
started a blog and I don't think I'm one
day changed I've always been like this
and I do think that the blog is the best
thing I've found because it's like mega
hard work but the hard work sort of pays
off in a different way sometimes when
you're skiing you can train for a whole
month and then you straddle the first
gate and all that training is in vain so
that's why I like the vlog that it's
like hard work really sort of paid off
pays off all right we have two more
questions you need a vacation you when
are you going to go to an exotic country
again I agree what soon I agree I need a
little bit of a vacation that it's been
hectic with everything because I didn't
plan on
go into Japan and Canada and all this
but I sort of found the love for skiing
game so right now I'm still sort of
checking weather forecasts see how the
powder systems are moving but hopefully
pretty soon I can go to somewhere with a
white beach grab Yanni's hand and like
relax for a little more than we have
unless little bit valid right now
because I was shooting and also I ended
it on the kill that I realized that we
ran out of memory space so when I did it
again forgot to plug the mic now I hope
the mic is running so we're going to run
the last question the last question is
you whether you survived the vlog and
yes I do think it will survive the vlog
however I do think I need to be a little
smarter when it comes to sort of
planning and figuring out how to make
all these 24 hours in a day be enough
and then yeah I'm going to survive it I
just need to get smarter and more
experienced and maybe a little less of a
perfectionist but without said I'm going
to close this thing down
go hug this beautiful lady over here and
then hopefully this take actually worked
so I hope you enjoyed some just random
thoughts I like talking to the camera
like a little treat session I guess some
people see you guys tomorrow I'm hoping
for better weather we'll see what
happens so over and out from Paris
we'll see you guys tomorrow ciao ciao
