moaning morning what is happening okay
quick status update it is nine seven
minutes past nine my slice to Presley's
and one hour and three minutes where
it's still at the hotel
we've been putting so much love into
this video this is why it's late it's
not like they were sucking Benny and set
up all night like he did not sleep
because we're like he wanted to make
this one so good and then we realized
that it's not quite finished so 30
minutes ago
Benny was going to need to go to camp
for a couple days
and I was like I'm going to go see Yanni
and Paris at Fashion Week
Mike Benny Benny I need your help can
come to Paris so ten minutes ago with
books of tricks two tickets to Paris -
Benny folks we're going to run at the
airport as you know we're kind of late
that is why videos are late sometimes
because yesterday we drove for the
entire day and there's just no where it
ended even if we don't sleep and now
we're rebooking fights in order to edit
on the fights together and then try to
figure it out because you want to give
you guys the best possible content in
the world but we need more hours in a
day if another not game we should run
let's go to the airport yeah you should
give it with you in place in the flight
this saves me driving garbage down come
on you know why I have the smaller
douche bag and not the big one yes of
course Johnny took the big one really
that's all you got it the time we missed
the flight because you wanted to fur in
the bag biggest issues for okay that
Benny can we blur this back out yeah oh
no we have tripod Oh
no problem problems of it later the
drone high-five and I five o'clock in an
hour
look guys should I take this oh can you
think oh yeah we're getting really yeah
good - okay whatever took me get the job
done that's what we're gonna use
it's good you can risk you're back at
the thing yeah how we still don't I'm I
think we're still in hi backpack
citation that was blinking red good
thing it was the nice lady I just wish
we could have a thousand people follow
who watch the ball Colin brown okay see
what it means to make the vlog like this
but on the model I still can't believe
that we were all this place that does
not make sense at all but I'm happy that
we are I just got to tell put like
Johnnie and tell her that we coming
because he doesn't know that we're
coming
how are you you have the best power naps
of feet in the entire world
now I'm Ren you discriminant I love it
did you do absolutely now look at the
bench so far you are filling every
category of beam overkill time for so
more like time stick booking if like the
Paris ten minutes before we have to
leave to finish a minute that's good
this is another one that's really bumpy
and she makes it ah
dr. Kim hey
now that's an intro and a half it means
it means we're really tired when we get
this creative
all right quick little update here from
the airport we have now spent the last
three hours here on a bench trying to
edit two video simulataneously because
we have had two pretty rough day so I
would say like look at us he right here
this is the Jet Set life in Paris but I
think we are about to push exports so
it'll be 24 hours late but it's not
because we're not dedicated as you know
but I guess sessions live in 324 days
some days will be like that but we're
going to try to avoid them and to be
smart and like not have Benny with you
left up in its left I was telling many
it's been the toughest vlog we have ever
made so I hope you guys really like it
otherwise it's been a lot of pain in
vain but yeah I think we are about to
push export as soon as that is exported
we're going to try to find somewhere to
say because Jionni just told me that
they got kicked out of the hotel because
there is a miss booking so status
updates live in live
okay are you ready for it yeah 24 hours
and 20 mountain minutes played like
sport media come on be quick today
computer desktop save sorry guys you are
not getting 4k today
here we go 43 minutes 35 32 30
huh you find a blanket yeah that's why I
brought out the chicken we're finally
alone yes what are we spend like five
hours here sorry
we'll try harder pretty gay always going
on sweetie I am honest I ready to get
out of this place I think we spent a
good six seven hours here but we got
some good work done now we're good to go
we have to tell and look at this I mean
it is / Fashion Week and I couldn't fit
in my bag actually doing okay there's a
nice shell moment back there yes or we
know since the speak sake he knocks it
fake one that's what I've heard just
since the beginning they always say the
real Texan gate 24 ah yeah I would have
gone straight to those guys oh yeah
maybe those people probably not
over killing the cat you look so warm
into the thing the d'Estaing save me
hahaha
assess its defense that's it
the last who drove in Paris DC navitor
Palace Hotel all right thank you for
much okay not exactly all right
yummy don't you get on nice to meet you
I don't wanna I'm cute the room hey hey
Ben you don't speak Swedish no it's okay
Oh take fold on the well okay yeah but
I'm still like I'm like robots everone
singing yeah no I think they're super
cute yeah we're doing them no I guess is
this one honey
yeah it was a really good photo what I
think this room is super cute yeah like
I booked this one because I figured
there would be yummy self yes
not modern boring also sell those all
like I really shock you my sister
already said it take a look at it did
you baby with this cute funny
my dad is doing well yeah but we haven't
seen each other for a while I save time
we should just end today's vlog right
yeah and I know that people have said
that we've done some epic blogs
I haven't swatch them but they can never
be a 10 out of 10
unless you say good morning and show
okay good morning guys and then we go on
to Xiao Shu tomorrow
