you
you
and I guess it's time for the daily good
morning as you can see the Sun has now
come out and shining on beautiful out of
its yard and we are out here on the
track and of course coming in with
Frederick
he was like drifting and I'm like oh
he's losing it and then he just pulls
the 360 I'm like that's why he's a pearl
driver and I'm not so I actually arrived
in the Audi because the Braga thought it
was a little cold at minus 17 this
morning so they're working on you know
trying to give her some heat but I'm ok
with it because as you saw yesterday
there's so many fun things that
everybody lets you drive so we're okay
and to be honest me and the program we
have a really strong relationship but I
think we need a little bit of distance
it wasn't spending too much time lately
so yeah we have a half a day here before
we're going to start driving south to
stockholm and we are basically just
going to have fun and enjoy life welcome
Benji how are you want this glorious
morning oh very well me too cannot wait
to try this see how it rolls onto the
ice but ya seen Benji we're spending all
the editing yesterday like a trooper so
today we said edit will be late today
because we're gonna have fun and then
we're going to just edit in the car yes
I do
so today buggies with a full time hold
on let's turn off yes write that off oh
yeah yeah that's off see in this car you
can even take your gloves off just like
a luxury car let's see what you have oh
wait with menu and
so different from and I found a shop
what happened well what happened was
that I was going to be real I was
getting cocky and I wanted to do like a
cool like tail slide into the bank
what's the soup and then and then the
bank was a little harder than I
anticipated gave me a nice return and he
didn't propose is he good
well we gotta get fast and get it out
before I know anything us because if you
get up by yourself then it's alright it
was a there was a car speeding and I
panic like this break for the corner
debris like it wasn't my fault at all
like we're going fast no like on your
phone
yeah I was just like John Benji a chill
up and then yeah and then I couldn't
open my the door hey I got the shovel it
is really here nothing nothing no okay
you mind if we do good please being my
brother hood
yeah whoo yeah no truck where are we
going now now we're going to the axle
tuck
hmm
Chai's that I'm the official shovel guy
a shovel for everybody I will see what I
can do I need some practice thank you
for hosting well first of all I love
shoveling second of all when you're
stuck you want to be the guy that helps
so that you get help how we really suck
no I don't know through a normal cycle
like really stuck let me know sometimes
when you realize like okay this is not
going to work your only chance is to hit
the full throttle and hopefully power
through and we didn't I know I was in
trouble there was either full gas and
all for it or like played safe I tried
to get on the other side but it was too
big shovel tine now shovels on first
block boots from snow but it's what
happened like when you're just pushing
it pushing more and more and more and
more and more and more more and then the
longer you drive the harder it is to
stay focused and the more you push and
then you just end up here
and you can notice our support crews are
basically sweet dancing in flavor so
music calm because the proper attire
miscibility is key but yeah like grows
even wear neon ending there thank you so
much for like being responsible there we
go and that look more appropriate for
someone who's going to be doing for an
hour on you have the triangle I thought
you're bringing up the chair and the
term oh very expensive of the roadway
for me we might help you out you see
like this is why we end up here when we
hang out with these people the track
just seems like such an ordinary option
can't get sunburned when you're digging
it like the reflection of this ice is
really strong
oh yeah Martin this mic should we like
try to like awesome going on nut stuff
but at least give it ten minutes before
we go off again it's okay we're here
well so stuck in an avalanche and you're
she juggler your buddy said good
training
so this is like pretty stuck we had a
good situation run everybody come on
yeah with some good shovel work let's go
dress they were here without shovels
that rescue personnel showed up shoveled
like there was a person buried in an
avalanche underneath yeah yeah over here
how pushy good all good
yesterday was the most fun I think I'll
ever have you fun yeah we do I've never
been smiling so much when I saw you in
the marina Mercedes behind me I was like
completely I was about to be like you
and you were like 510 meters maximum
away from me unbelievable I don't think
I was smiling I was probably petrified
doing everything I could to get the shot
and not destroy the car but now we
should roll everything's of all not
everything's intact but like yeah like
70% intact a good number but there
Howdy's not and I come over and take the
tractor we should roll out of here and I
guess the prog I thought it was too cold
up here today but I do I do have to say
it was just to like and the progress
story it was a sick challenge to drive
that thing up here difficult on the ice
but that thing's made for the track so
overall the fit car but if you want to
buy an ice racing car do not buy the
Praga you want you know a summer sick
Tracy try car you buy that to clarify
life is going to calm down a little
architecture here mr. awesome I'm going
to miss you guys it's been incredible
here for sure and we'll do it soon again
definitely with bigger spikes crazier
cars we're already started planning
perfect I love it alright so we're now
all packed up and ready everything is a
hundred percent except Frederic left
with the keys to the car so we have a
full back city we have everybody
everybody say hey so yeah we're going to
have a long road trip to Stockholm so
the amount of stress level that we put
on when we got to the hotel was like
four thousand percent and we were like
carotids like Petra thing back here and
then we're all like alright we're good
to go and then of course we have no key
cuz Fredrik left with the key to the car
so now it's been sitting there 15
minutes all jammed up car starting to
fog up and we still don't have a key and
we have you know good 10 hours to drive
okay Casper your JetBlue I'm fueled that
you are sure good we're doing a quick
pit stop everybody go this is us always
efficiency we have been wanting water
and pissed off for like a good 400
kilometers but that's wasting valuable
time that we could be killing or
anything or anything so now we're going
to fuel up we need some JetBlue in in
the sink washer fluid and I am
officially in love with sq7
like I might actually want to get one I
feel like I'm in an undestructible mega
thing from the future can this converter
the progress like three self-driving
it's just like you know four hundred
tipper always only going 110 of course
so now if you want you can run in and go
to the bathroom or get food booth of the
same time yeah going to top me right in
okay and one more riddle all right this
is how your road trip with your nonsense
may further be peaceful then you go
Bernie
thank you everyone you ready we really
go yeah
good pit stop guys food scene work live
agreement huh yeah but you want to know
the best part about all this is that
we're running we're stressed and we're
doing all this and I just I don't even
know where we're staying tonight or
where we're going tomorrow so that's
something we're trying to figure out on
the latest up cold so yeah I'll have to
get back to you on that but we always
want to get to sleep with efficient
friend circle we have a hotel room and
the funny thing is persist is that we do
not know where we're going tomorrow I
have not booked that flight anywhere
where we're at Arlanda Airport and I
might fly to Paris in siani or micro
home or somewhere else we'll see you
tomorrow but we with that will say over
and out
oh yeah and we of course if you want to
see more of our trip sex you know a
different perspective you have subs
channel below you can just go check that
out as well I mean I know some trips in
a really fun love it yeah like I'm sorry
used to like gumball thingies with one
person yeah having a full car with like
a party and you just went through you
just wouldn't stop you did really well
how I do it but now we're not going to
go through we're going to like stop so
we'll see you guys tomorrow
over now ciao ciao ciao ciao
alright let's go to the
