it is another morning and I have dressed
in 25 players so today I'm not cold
I'm really cold yesterday a second
imagine but now we're good we're an
arbitrage and we're going to head off
sidetrack and I just invented salsa to
have a ride again the bra go with me to
the track so you get to experience what
I've done the whole week and then we do
we switch to the Comfort that we had boy
yeah
this is
why do you like it responsible while
we'll it means we need to go through
wait if we should spend more time
together indefinitely
we have leave the live awesome so we are
here grandpa
place process puts concepts placed f1 on
understanding their Greek levels of
George your car man you need to calm
everybody can have oval first thing
going to follow up with like a big big
circle where we a single out and you
enjoy learned agrees book every day
specific or one for their penalty for
getting pulled out I think you'll agree
with this decided where to go nude up
yeah back here's what then jabba show
and you're like maybe a little yeah it's
gotta be fun to watch these guys so we
should say hi to Frederick Catherwood
hello everyone I'm Freddy colon from
Sweden rally driver and our helper today
yes yes I think he's going to have his
hands full at sea mass as masculine he's
come on man
Master Sadler oh man no look what I
found look at all this space
I am in the Gallic murk and I'm going to
see how this thing kills on the film
ticket adult playground here and then
girls going to like play with the G
behind me with the camera on their drugs
really smart plan alright let's hear
what this thing does
you
the aim of the game is to get some loads
those great pot full of this Bank
this is the biggest play of the dead per
gallon little sky with can you feed it
let's drink it smells rotten daddy's
gonna do it but we're not eating this
because we like it yeah I've been all
right good
wait wait well I have the biggest one
it's a screen your glasses cheers
good god it smells bad you're hardcore
why are we yeah no I'd admit it like
it's almost use those that oh you can do
it
no please undo it I started laughing
because you guys okay I've done it no no
I'm never gonna do it again
I'll reindeer me no no isn't one stop
being a
what the
what's wrong with you a different gene I
thought you were Swedish it's salty but
it is really a salty no but first I'm
like here like we add salty but it's not
that bad bad and then I just started
getting this like and then I love you
Polly I'm like like sucks it back and
I'm like I'm gonna do it and then I'm
like I'm swallowing them either puking
or I'm gonna be okay oh my god you guys
seem to like it we don't like it but
it's not narrable okay for the record I
did not do any of that on purpose
because I know a lot of people do
challenges and then try to seem like
they do it it was those the worst but it
was just puke it made you want to puke
it didn't taste that bad I'll tell you
this I'll tell you this it's not
terrible but I don't create it I just
want I know I'm just trying to do it
should be so weird but he also has a
Batmobile so there's something seriously
different with this person so do I think
your next stop is you loser progress
yeah I'll be right back where's me a lot
please
yeah I don't feel then I've never ever
driven a car with Devon cream so much
without rock I like to expose of course
my left have a photo subscriber course
suggested evening
let me do it I think you could recognize
that bill yes okay good guy right nice
still feeling a hundred percent
okay first time driving the back we're
going to do it sideways on a nice truck
really smart I hear it's the most
abstract vehicle I've ever seen I mean
you and you've been in some cars but
this one I know on a crazy scale what
are you going to give this out of ten
twelve lanes one it doesn't reject wish
me luck
we're testing every car today
this thing like how it looks like fully
adjustable it's like a giant braga
but like little more oh yeah but by the
way oh yeah mr. jww filming like we know
that is going to be awesome we have W to
again hold on really you have a channel
down below in the description so check
it out lots of six of love the quality
you're doing nighttime UPS man yeah a
lot of we're not quite doing it daily
like this crazy man but no a man we need
equality and that's what I love thanks a
lot buddy
so I appreciate that's cool so go check
that out and you know
it's like safley field goal card don't
look too much fun I'm looking amazing
god I need to have a go in that thing
sir this is a good track day my favorite
Greg girl yeah yeah yeah it's like look
how is happened it's like literally
hanging hanging out okay well they're
mooning we did a lot in school and it
goes on like this walk well that's what
you get when you beat your car on a nice
tour although that fish is still in my
bed I can wash it out with the water
basically though every time is going to
silver lining right
that was a good section that was a
proper section nice luck with it we have
this place ourselves
oh good yeah
what's up you when you're back in
reality after chasing that car
yeah like somehow like I end up
shoveling just 20 people that are like
imagining but y'all like drifting that
Merc behind the bomb wheel was probably
the craziest thing I've ever done in a
car I was going on full chance the whole
time yeah I was just like full lock like
all the snow the bat stirred up and I'm
like oh I gotta get the shot like and
then I'm like we stopped no like okay
that's it we're done
no more before I break anything but that
was like a looking thing it was like the
most surreal full-scale you have gold
cards like just an extra Batmobiles
people getting stuck outside the
barriers and no banks and everyone still
smiling chill it yeah yeah I love your
organization field think it's all about
July fish yeah and then normal no rules
exactly exactly too many rules mister
don't work I was saying drifting that
the Merc gang was the craziest thing
I've ever seen in a car like looking out
was like it was the most bizarre feeling
he's actually seeing human going
sideways with the camera the rear view
camera is inside
because it's been a good day I'm so glad
that I stepped out of the car without
having carbon-fibre everywhere okay guys
stop them like this is so much fun but I
really want to quit now before before
everything goes just to like bankrupt
for life what no plug deep anymore now
we're going to go home yes here where
the instructor said we have no rope left
inside the home all right we will see
you guys back at the hotel router rope
and we are back again we are at the
hotel and you remember how we said no
more towed lines we cannot get stuck
three or four cars got stuck so it ended
up being a lot of digging
don't finally made it here and I'm going
to run out for dinner really quick and
then I'm going to hit that bad because I
am exhausted
after having driven a million different
things and tomorrow we're going to drive
a bit more which is nice so it's been
another one of those epic days in this
hat is from the gas station by the way
if you wonder you like I have heard that
you like my gas station stuff so with
that said over and out from craziness in
our video and we will see you guys
tomorrow
