you
you
now that is one way to start a morning
to kick start your day and give you
energy for the rest of it yeah yeah good
to have you guys along like I love
having these guys they're so pumped and
energetic and I call them at like 5:45
like he's like it's clearing up we might
be able to take off delay portal we're
coming so now we're down for fuel and
potentially if the weather clears a
little we're gonna go five more but for
now coffee break inside it's so
depressing one is down here excuse it up
place it lights of bubble clouds is way
better than below the clouds no doubt
this is Simon by the way another brother
I don't know what titles you guys have
everyone's another brother is like film
or slash people so they they're the ones
that been helping us yet all these rats
shot if you want like rad shots you call
them you want like fast and like kind of
shaky shots you call oh yeah we're
having so much fun just mixing
everything and then coming back seeing
all these cars here is we're having a
good week yeah I think there's one thank
you this one big thank you thank you
looks mournful for having a camo
helicopter second of all for flying up
from SOCOM then we'll see what the
weather does but yeah couldn't start the
day in a better way not maybe a couple
emails get motivated so we can keep
doing this okay so it's mount 8:30 and
planned departure time with 8 o'clock
which kind of just a lot about this
group as you can see they're on their
toes they're ready to go and they're
just like they're a king of keeping on
schedule
oh so thumbs just rocking bumble rise
over on driving and filming everyone
that was was why unfortunately the
police is my life is yesterday's I
cannot
the Prague anymore now just kidding we
are going to jump in some alternative
transportation for the first hundred
kilometers and just sort of enjoy the
view from above this is that sound good
are we ready everybody ready let's be in
a sec we need to do more fun taste more
awesome I think the photo credit I
should link up with you more often
yes and it's great when you can tell a
bunch of supercars you guys go ahead and
roll wait over there expect you alright
everybody ready
let's go do this Hey hi
the
some sort of like lunatic which I'm
going to say I am I to make the right
decision
90% of those and I would never put
diesel in a virtual car
salon gotta be tired and unfortunately
pulled up this is a black pump and now
we have diesel who falsely thought the
bathroom will have a black pump what is
going on now with the bat we're pumping
the diesel Arbitron ha ha here good the
guys are great they have a lift around
doing see that's what's up with Sweden
that's you know it's we found him we
found the right gas station to mess up
these are nice we had a nice flight
shooting have so many sick photos you
see the pictures of all right whatever
he took it can't be close mm-hmm 'mobile
little bit of diesel show from do not
put diesel in the Batmobile see okay I
once again and realized the word with a
bunch of special people yep we're one
Batmobile draining diesel from the
bottom of it it finally what's just like
to three hours here's our schedule
errors and then you have one lunatic
over there
most great bad yep
Oh
hi Levi hot hot you can't get me I'm
pretty sure I'm going to get that back
real hard real food
well we have to stay busy at this gas
station I'm sure they had a sales record
here today we I think the Batmobile
about to be fine mass's cars clean life
is good we're just likely off schedule
service er slightly if you guys live
ours great he'll have the whole day just
driving in the dark again in the Braga
look as the Braga left
I can drive like you send them with like
music and like heat heating you know
that you've been driving too much when
you look at one of the raddest cars in
the world you're like that q7 sounds
pretty good but look at this like I
hesitated I loved that car
okay so we got some new modification yam
in the car
second updates another two 200 something
kilometres has passed it's been the most
challenging 200 kilometers I've ever
driven
it's been so cold that I could barely
move my teeth so now I have bought more
socks I have bought these gloves that
looks like they are made for someone
who's going to live in the mountains for
a month then look at this I bought a
real sheepskin ooh looks like a proper
taxi how do I look typical ready for the
winter
oh we are way to rally right look it
looks like a guy from from Big Town and
no it don't be stupid
well I mean I expected it to be called
the not this cold like love delight oh
my this please you want your coffee yeah
I'm just going to turn
so for this frog GameChanger
now we all know you have been behind me
house house and looking it looks good it
looks like a proper race car on how much
light weight have I been every now and
then but but it looks stable like my
breath line wait you're going in and
here we the bathroom bill yeah we have
to pump itself we bought everything that
had in the source yeah get it up it's
the best way I can explain how
challenging the drive has been is that I
cannot look for a bottle of water when
I'm driving because I cannot make the
focus on driving and this light here you
have all the controls here but they're
not illuminated so when my hands are not
functioning I'm like pressing everything
to get like I think you're doing a great
job I'm doing the best I can down your
coffee before we leave because I'm
pretty sure he can keep this in the car
and now I can go all the way to the
North Pole
no problem okay
ah welcome
hahaha yeah I have never had that much
dating my body before driving your car
like you know that construction zone
yeah where you have to like go like that
their compartment so I couldn't feel my
feet need to break it was hands down the
worst drive of my life ma actor where
nor the line of beautiful eating awesome
Isis fogging up for the process I have
full beams on and when you guys saw I
couldn't salt because that's so much
much that my trying to go fast I
couldn't see anything
we had a good time I'm sure we were the
pleasure looking at you
I had my Peter at the second the third
was to womp has degrees east I am never
been this cold in a car and I have never
wanted to get here as much as I did
today I didn't care if we were doing 300
of those police or we hit a polar bear
or anything I just wanted to get here
now well I'm burger ready for you cool
yeah what about almost a swell cluster
it we're seriously super awesome but
super painful what a dub since we're
here we're here everything's in one
piece this machine that's one piece of
well built thing although we need to
work on the heating situation but with
that we're going to just say good night
end the vlog and I'm gonna find
something warm in there we'll see you
guys tomorrow
hopefully it's warmer although I don't
think it's gonna be warmer good night
good - sweetheart what
