now look at that this is a way you can
wake up to so I guess it is time to say
good morning among all these beautiful
cars that are currently kind of all
snowed over
but yeah let me give it a quick tour of
the car we have of course the
battlefield right there we have a G we
have an r6 we have the Braga and sick
Ford over there they have a progress
support car we have a retrofitted really
sick Porsche and then we have the
godlike monster merc and then we have
our own official film support car so i
think it's going to be one of those
really good dates I'm not sure if we're
running a QA or what we are doing today
depends a little bit about the weather
so I'm going to go in and regroup and
see what's going on and then we'll check
back in a second first we're going to
look at an over snowed Babylon because
it's really funny
like look at this this hey I don't think
Batman's supposed to be in the winter
I've never seen a Batmobile with snow on
Robin Jeffries
you think you messed up the bamboo
pieces but it looks slick with the snow
right it's like the new version of the
unison snow camel the actual snow camo
actor well I'm gonna go inside and try
to figure out what's going on and get
studded tires all right we'll check
right back in once we are up and rolling
and have a plan
oh hello coming penny yeah editing
always tougher logging logging editing
how are you guys very good in you I am
doing fantastic I've had one of those
like epic days actually hold on there
yeah I'm going to show you why I had
such a good episode you might think that
you know heli-skiing driving crazy cars
doing all the creasy's things it's what
makes you feel the best but today I was
kind of driving around alone in the car
and I was kind of thinking to myself
that you know maybe that's not the whole
truth like just feeling in control and
like you know having the time to call
your parents your girlfriend and your
friends like that sometimes it's maybe
more important than just to increase the
cool things all day so I've had a great
day like I've been walking on earth
since all day and I'm going to show you
what I bought I bought really random
things but they made me real happy
like this for example a fresh toothpaste
toothbrush really happy about that
Swedish headache tablets for whenever I
need those and then a shaver I guess
more for Yanni - she likes me if you
shave to fade I've had the airline
toothpaste I stole customers to place
yesterday
Viroqua just like some C vitamin bit of
energy set up seals for when your throat
is sore talked so many random things
more shading blades protein bar colic
breath mints so if you're too in the car
that you have a fresh clean breath
another fresh clean breath
obviously not sponsored and then most of
all ADHD medicine I haven't had any for
a couple weeks
and having one of these it's hard to
explain for someone that doesn't have a
brain functioning like my do but
basically when I was able to have one of
these after not having one for two weeks
it was like it was like being in the
prog ah with complete fog and then you
had that medicine and it's like fog gone
so it's like all the noise all the
thoughts or everything you're worrying
about like it just like it creates like
a layer of fog and it's just like really
exhausting so finally having that again
just makes me like want to sing like a
bard because I feel that feel clear
vision again so what else do we have
look at that iPhone holder for the prog
ah so that I can see if I get messages
from people and look at me this is the
first as well a power bag and you are
Mary's know I keep stealing everybody's
power back so that we have a far way
found a wallets like holder for my cell
phone velcro so we can velcro all our
cables and keep them organized see
organization like that keeps that makes
me feel really good another memory card
backup so we have two iPhone cables
ready to run out of power
oh this one's really good come on
the Bose noise can you say cancelling or
concealing things really cancelling I
don't know why I thought I was
concealing noise canceling earbuds for
flights because I realize that when you
have the big ones they're kind of hard
to sleep with but when you have these
then you can have them in the car dead
silent or if you know like you're
editing or something then I can have
these sent so really excited had a great
time pass the cold again hold on yeah I
just wanted to say no bucks you then
build they're so nice in there we hung
out for like half an hour chill I'm just
talking about general life uh
yeah you have lots of things look at
this many stickers for all the mini
memory cards like we are getting
organizers uh-huh it's fun it's the
velcro so that we can put the hard drive
on the back of the computer so it's like
double-sided glue velcro and we can walk
around you can walk around the airport
No well done real happy so it's just
walking around all these like little
stores like you know just cruising like
I had suit on I love you
I had the hood on like this and I was
like real incognito it's actually
strange for me I'm used to being able to
walk around and being normal but I've
realized now coming back to Sweden after
the vlog has become this big that it's
different so it's really nice to just
like try to act like justin bieber and
be like you're just me I didn't talk to
anyone like no one saw me like I mean I
like talking to people but it's way
nicer when it's like 2 or 3 people and
you can talk to them then when it's a
hundred people and it's hard to like
have a chat with everyone little marker
things I don't know if they're about the
same as the memory card things and a pen
to mark thanks man I didn't buy the
gloves for the gloves were in there
let's go give this the last but prime
most exciting part wha travel setup it's
just going to be taken to a new level
once I get figure out how to use this
close to just 2.0 yeah so now I'm gonna
try to figure out how to use these in
the best possible way and then we're
going to adopt this onto the douchebags
so just constantly product development
well yeah I just wanted to take the time
sit down and say that sometimes bind
some velcro and then like calling your
girlfriend is better than riding around
in a helicopter or supercar and I think
sometimes people always think that it's
the same things that makes you happy but
I just wanted to say that today made me
super happy so that said we can move on
to something else later now but I just
f1 detector so thankful for for life Oh
oh-ho-ho-ho-ho
I just said amped is a car we're going
to go on the testes desires just come we
now have fight
I mean we don't have like crazy crazy
crazy likes
this great legal claim in a world about
the illegal some I think a little girl
here to go for a little sense because
they have jump fences are the line why
not try to get as many people a little
write-up as possible like when you look
at it justice you look beautiful with
the plane in the background the spill
coming down
I want to take a photo camera yeah
well jumpin here
and pull the hold on them again
if I would take selfies I mean is so
insulting thinker ever
flashlight there we go
Oh
exactly great sites with his passenger
or maybe if you just try and they get
excited Oh
why good evening I don't love the wipers
working
- I didn't one ass
I think it's working
are they
that's the Viper
Hey
yeah what's up
the hair
so much and that was the last time you
saw your daughter yeah
another I can see that the new tires
work yeah I bought us but I think I need
to drive the car order to keep these
orders
huh
turn over you had a good time
Chris
one other cars money like with these
tires
huge difference of course we ideally
we'd have megabyte
but in order to stay real legal this
where we got to feel good in it I'm
great I think I needed a rest interests
and she is my school but I say that
today we are going to end today's vlog
here on a great note from sunny not
Donnie 21 pipes beeps holy beautiful of
the Sun that quality of El frozen part
we are having the grades on and we're
going to have some great sleep great
boots and then we're gonna head on up
the automobile tomorrow I really put
this thing shows up so good slips over
and out was here tomorrow
