and good morning as you can see somehow
magically I am walking out the door with
energy because I managed to sleep a good
long 10 hours outside which was well
needed have a little surprise for you so
once I get there I think you're gonna
like it so I just think I figured out
why I am so tired at night and why I'm
such a super morning person every single
day I feel like every single day when I
come home I feel like I've run a
marathon I've been trying to do a
million things and just do everything as
well as I can so then yeah imagine if
you run a marathon every day how happy
would you be waking up and not feeling
like you're destroyed so I think that's
why I love mornings I just like wake up
and I feel great
I just love morning so the bus an
evening please go away
I don't want to see you like ever again
this morning morning sometimes a week
four times a day
that'd be great little morning coffee oh
look at that
you guys see what I'm seeing a new day
and a new set of clothes God that looks
really sick see now it feels more like a
eunuch are
see leave this guy here Andreea he is an
alien he got this car like at 9:00 p.m.
last night and now here it is at 8:00 in
the morning which is like impossible the
guys for Braga they're like no last time
we're at this it took someone four days
with two guys but Andre ass
thank you I give you whatever you want
yeah my house and stay for as long as
you want bring your family and whatever
you want I'm eternally grateful because
now I can ride in camel style and you
know I like camel sell but yeah if you
have a rapper car suite and we got Andre
out simply of this world good driving
that son these rebellious little
brothers exactly not it's a rebellion
perfected an evil brother wait wait can
we go look at that what is this this guy
here is my new favorite person in the
world he brought me a pillow and two
sugar-free Red Bull that is like the
nicest thing itself was ever done to me
the pin or the Fraga that's like like
water to a dying man in the desert
yeah like sanitized good man I was going
to look for you
it does hurt your body but if you want
you can jump in with me in the program
the way else is cook oh yeah yeah
awesome
perfect
do you enjoy see when you give me a
pillow to get right on the product so
we're all repairs or
my book No
we're going to go up high back where all
these people I'm doing a very go pro
blogging because filmers are gone but
now it's time for me to get out of these
shoes that are terrible for winter and
eat a good peeps with my parents
more pizza and the best mom I don't
think growing up I expected to have the
Batmobile parked in front of the house
Nell Monica Lana this is my mom I know
never was enough time together in the
Lord
welcome led to each other finally mirror
yeah we had to bring a lot of cars and
pizza to make it happen yeah how's life
in the blog life so far amazing so this
is part of custom it wasn't here when I
grew up
it's actually be an ice rink like right
here that car don't that wasn't there
when I grew up either the tractor over
there was but it is funny having
everyone over with like all the supercar
yeah or your neighbors would be like
like what's happening and it's called
the show everyone where we grow up them
like that way all started and I'm gonna
go and try to be a host and make sure
everybody gets head I saw you this is
how I thought we were faster than you
and you were surviving you're like wait
here comes the barrier yeah come in here
in the chill place post or this is our
couch where we grew up watching skiing
on that TV how is it to feel back home
it's so nice to be back home it's like I
never have the time to meet my
we figured why not like try to combine
it all oh we have the mister also they
always say that we don't spend enough
time together and they're right there
yes I really miss you and sometimes I
even asked one an occasion or unit on
yet yes yes we have to blowed less so
that we have more time to hang out I
have a dream that is to ski with you
that's our next mission here everybody I
need to tell you a really funny story so
in the past I was tuning a lot of cars
and they always broke down the very
first day all the time so then I was
sitting there and my dad was sitting
here and I said that's it I will never
tune the car again and then Isaiah
greeted kosha talk yet so my dad took a
pan and painted that Bush
hello like basically like there will be
no more tuning and college like yeah
right
they made the cross on the roof and I
guess I didn't stop and Here I am with a
crazy steep little damn dude yeah okay
we've had a quick night awesome pit stop
here I have an extra pillow
I have warmer shoes I have bought and we
are ready for actual winter driving
which is nice but I got to say before we
leave that when I was a kid I had a lot
of dreams and I never thought anything
was impossible but I don't think I ever
thought the Batmobile will be parked
right up front my house plus a bunch of
other cars
I just want to say thank you for being
the best parents there are all because
I'm I wouldn't be doing any of what I'm
doing and it was really good how are you
good you fellas design look the the
Viper engine give up on me so it stopped
right in my heels of you we have to be
moving smooth we're going to fix it but
yeah we made a toaster so yeah which is
really a nice now we're going to take a
couple photos yeah you remember I
started this vlog saying I'm not a night
person I don't feel like a night person
now either it feels like actually run a
marathon it wasn't a marathon but it was
like 10 hours in a racecar on mega
slippery roads and that was pretty
saucing so I can't wait to hit the bed
and then like wake up by the alarm
tomorrow morning and have a new fresh
day with tons of energy because right
now I am exhausted my ears are beeping
and my eye is about as red as and I can
be so we're going to end today over and
out from a kick-ass day and again thank
you to Andre outside wraps own for
making the car look really really
awesome
and yeah that's about it will end now
good night we'll see you guys tomorrow
over and out and shout
you
you
