I think we have less thank you this
morning
time-lapse done breakfast is served and
like life is good
this is he people yes
the saw the waiting cars are hiding
waiting tables and a happily today first
we have breakfast it is that upload and
then it's go time so that's what sister
good Nazis right now one of the most
serious room service breakfast you would
learn that if you film here it's a lot
of room service
I don't like to leave the room what is
that mean I am getting ready to drive a
race car when it's real cold out so I
have I have some thoughts like special
merino and bamboo best socks that no we
have double socks
I have long johns I have shorts I have
whole ski here we have see gloves
the only thing we don't have time to
think whether I should go double or
triple other layer because when you are
completely filled they get so cold
the helmet won't jump in the car and
then we'll see you up at a gas station
see how I told it to yeah this is the
Saudis are laugh it up okay
you ready yep I'm sweating now they told
me that there's no sort of here
installed maybe we won't be freezing
after all but we're ready in case it
gets cold cuz out there it's going to be
like minus 27 ready yeah we're going way
way way up to the door and I'm wearing
gg gg 1 2 3 4 layers one jacket and I
feel good the two so victory yeah we'll
see how that heater works yeah can I be
in the block yeah you're all right now
we're keeping the shot here in the boss
how'd you can I feel good it's cool to
see how many people turn out here be
real wet and real cold and we crazy dude
I'm not worried about that that's a good
thing these kind of events are just
moving really fun travelling places :
places they have a it is I'm good when
you hear some when you hear that are you
good I'll get lost I don't know hanging
out I know but now it'll be an intense
week with all that craziness going on is
that always happen when you break a leg
in like cars and everything then it just
happens so then we're both adults or
soon
Torrance basically it's the gathering of
crazy people who's going to drive from
Copenhagen to our VCR and hit size track
there and I'm mostly interested to see
how the Saudis are doing on the ice
because they don't have a lot of snow
and Saudi we always like trying to
figure out who's the most stupid of us
but I always think that he's the most
challenging keep the creases so this is
a downhill follow me
I think we're doing both for a while
yeah we're matter much so it's like a
we're all close let's put the question
if you have extra parts for the
Batmobile when you crash into the snow
they listen I don't think that Barnet VF
duct tape yeah yeah yeah a lot of work
that's it that's always where after long
years if we go I say we jump in the car
question yeah meeting what do you think
of this December devil and he is double
sauce fish sauce
let's see how far we get before
something chart sideways
Wow I really ready for this now really
comfortable and evil geek maybe should
take a rule did you even a but yes easy
ever fought
that's what we like a deep breathing
comfortable yeah when you're laying down
right right
oh yeah the onion keeps us in like this
ah no I shouldn't feel cold please
for now yeah
so how did you feel I feel good like
Gilsig humble enough of it
why not coming up to the border get a
bunch of these
over there we have press
let's go to place that the deal yet sec
wait
yeah thank you
at least you know the crazy horse has a
battlefield in 80 years he really do a
normal guy that's almond maybe it
good night Claire yeah thanks you know
yeah nice memories oh they're really
happy
cook pickle pickle be driving in the
rain I think you can be much hopefully
enough you see this is the one cyber
life I'll call you on the coffee is 600
kilometers is tweeted with no wipers is
the rebellion and with drink
normal you hello befitting in the garden
on initial is like being out of it like
they can't see anything that's why I'm
running full
of course ah the folks are right but the
problem when we have the CC
configuration one eye is looking out the
window where you can't the words the
wiper doesn't work in the other where it
does work you get this double vision so
I'm like but it's great paint spray
comfortable how's your fog man it's good
this is the the windshield wiper just
watch the small section of its own like
look until it defaults about five
minutes and then the whole town life let
love respect to be of German origin
exactly well but that's part of the
charm
oh and let's be with like perfectly sure
it can be used to write all the
different cars and lights which one
those benefits of your work becomes well
what we're gonna do we're going to talk
with the pictures of it available oh
yeah
things are gonna look Photoshop no
problem we're question which is more
comfortable to Prague ah there's the
theme it's just you don't have any space
for Red Bull in here oh not that yes
that right there we wore why you do I
love this I love this I'd like the heat
to cars look like they could be cousins
yeah I think the Batmobiles the progress
hot cousin
because those things are right behind it
though good this big like you don't know
if it's a truck or like a free girl like
like my body's going to sucky they'll
charge your feet I think you were great
you look at but yeah these are great for
running not so good for cold like if we
run full heat we get some fog in the
front we got to like open it a bit and
now we have a red ball in a coffee so
good to go to build one hell of a car is
everything okay here yeah we did I saw
everything
like you do this inside out to get
coconut we're in Sweden
I don't know looks like no
it was just some one bus that was up
though supposed to be down
my bad
he later okay now I thought I saw a
broken haha
and coal
exactly well this is fun but it's a
physical challenge
it's their way to park anywhere this is
Susana me head here
but we were waiting for a bunch of
people and then we are the villains run
out
and I was both my cell phone I'm gonna
go and get out of the car
you
welcome back
I can't feel my feet can you move your
legs not barely and break me this hell
out here no no like if you need and
dingy oh yeah that's where I was brought
to me
no no strange me I will left that's nice
also to because I didn't have a phone
and I didn't know the way in here
welcome guys
I want it it was longer than I thought
yeah you keep me fourth fourth you know
you know you know they're already not
also third they know they're waiting for
us
yeah and we did where did it work I uh
no idea Johnny Sparkle again I'll get
mark next to ya
oh we are beating the new world
championship of my China - too many
dates as one and we are customer
customers the greatest drone pilots I've
ever met and we needed reinforcements
but when you have dates like this when
you're in a car all day now we're trying
to export and then the next mortgage
cancel and then it was crazy over at
burns and Holi
so when you kind of smoke over here -
miss Clara hotel where I usually say why
miss welcome to breathe and chill for a
second so with that set I think it's
time to end today it's been a super sick
day and thanks for everyone for coming
out I hope everyone got a photo I was
really trying to take all the photos I
could but it was a little difficult when
I answered so many things had to do
hopefully you understand and we will see
you guys tomorrow and today we're going
to end it in Swedish because we're in
Sweden so good not good on Shabbat not
at all
ciao ciao there we go
