Oh
all right are we ready yes we are we all
ready and we are in Munich who's in
charge of scheduling here
who puts us on the schedule no I guess
that would bribe be me but yeah we're
here we're gonna catch the flight to
Copenhagen meet up with all our boys
there and yeah life is good we had a fun
morning shooting all the beautiful
scenery and yeah something like that
I'm still just laughing because we're so
like they call this morning like sorry
exactly Terry I'm like really
okay it'll be right down for this highly
we put yeah we officials like we sleep
as much as we possibly can so yeah now
life is good today another good day on
the tour your look suggests but maybe
not the right camera means no no no I
don't need to reduce money I'm honest
thank you I'll tell you so much you look
like a good boy thank you for being a
scenic you were the best film driver
yeah
very smooth super good yes okay are we
on time I have no idea when the flights
leaving my thing you are on time let's
get they being in Munich we have fold
yes half work yes in unit opening is on
supplies
I've got a time in my shoes the world
show obviously right yeah especially the
best second service here at Munich
public on gel Shawn I got everything
here given a nice leather seat free to
charge for and we have the gold card
making our lives easier like that when
we go through here every airline should
have a first class check-in lounge
leather couches and electricity and
everything this comes up well that's
because our fantastic wagon that that is
the second time the red days left behind
I think we have officially slowed down
the whole row all right thanks what do
they say they said through different
lounges right there's one on the other
side in one's here nah I had one
presenting at the keys woke up like
pretty cool except it needs like wheels
that are ten times bigger no no you need
to go much lower much bigger wheel you
need to have text on them the gold
upstairs we're here yeah good to go to
live with King okay Nick sweet ha
morning oh we can have two days yeah
what do you more time through chill here
and eat more and sleep sunshine it's
hard to enjoy a sandwich when at this
boarding on the board but we're not
leaving after the final call
yeah because boarding time is 10:30 and
it's already ten thirty five so I'm
ya know the other things that is how to
travel in the morning without stressing
once and if it means taking food you
yeah for one but now I say we jump on
the flight fly real quick to Copenhagen
and go and say hi to more crazy people
yeah Oh dream like that no can you grab
a bottle now we're playing Copenhagen I
just had a different idea
let's spin the Copenhagen and says yeah
we are in Copenhagen and I slept oh wait
and I have not slept on a plane and like
since we started this wall it was really
really nice you like get on and then you
like hello you get up but now we need
some of this because I'm sure that the
boys that will be meeting up with they
are not tired they're ready that there's
like their excitement starts now so we
got to get to their levels quickly okay
excuse Jerris how's the sugar free oh
pretty good see it's all about the sugar
spring is
okay so far Lufthansa if you do it a lot
of winning right now if the thing even
has to wait for the leakage they were
right there are we showed up
okay now which we exist m√ºjgan good on
a man is not the impalas on opposite leg
off camera we should speak French that I
learnt a that's my contribution to
t-mobile kids yeah helping my horrible
franchise you only feel nice icing okay
if I'm walking is cheating at the same
time the inventing as we go I like that
three so now we can get your rodent yeah
oh yeah definitely I walk around the
airport with the MS and then they'll
walk as both straight into mental
institution I'm having a cappuccino good
idea not as good as peddlers force in
the lay with Riley cappuccino I hope but
if we get it up and then I'm in trying
to adjust my system I need to go to our
climber store and like set this up
properly
ah merci beaucoup Monsieur but famine on
contact is a on Ali relative expression
so we reach our final destination now we
got to just find all our friends but I
see the cars are here or one of them
very very super specially customers okay
the big question is how was the Saudis
handle the ice snow up Scandinavia ice
and cut off been in I think until
looking fabulous thank you I fired by
you I haven't seen it live yet a little
bit like you can see a lot of cars and
they're all boring and then you see this
for just like yes that was I was you
know we're definitely this racing than
before yeah you guys you can push in the
level I'm Scottish a doing I start
pushing me I'm gonna kill myself
I heard the river is about something
side of it yeah I'm trying to find I'm
going to kill myself
say regards a nice track and we both
have broad splitters that are this I off
the ground economizer don't worry the
chances that it will still be there in a
week or like 0% don't worry about it
I have another one ready for when the
car goes back Oh perfect
it said no frenzy
okay this is receipt but right now there
excuse me in the spaces I say we go
double Peter right yeah something like
this
and few people any feet two people in
one red camera ah no GoPro maybe yeah
we're going to get to know each other
how did it feel to be back
I love this part I was trying to figure
out what car to take for this rally a
number I could get this nothing more fun
than this car you want to come join
Mel's cast
let's try the heater on Eddy Blackie you
gotta keep the leg up a little bit
because now you're in the settle books
well you know your luck will I take care
of Rollo
running a puckish la famille
now we're talking now about the
Christian so hook
thank you even though I'm short on
outfit
what's the office
that's comfortable once I look at my
food right what
and I've run this part on the gun i
fairly fitted nothing but myself
okay so if we look this way we see the
frog on the bottle bill and I think that
kind of sums up with this week's going
to be all about just 100% maintain
people which is awesome because that's
the way we like it that said we're going
to regroup and then we'll come back
later in a little bit we have 2% hello
to everybody cuz olefin coming in psalm
excited the dog to the dog dun dun dun
welcome to blogeee life yeah room
service hamburgers computers and more
computers editing over there so we just
wanted to check in say hello before we
crush this thing and then we're going to
go down and see if there some more cars
than maybe end the vlog down there we're
doing good we're doing simultaneous like
super vlogging at the moment maybe just
shitty now and now when it's is this and
then yeah first high five for high five
the phone for surviving the first couple
days mmm
I think it's a nice metal schedule isn't
it it's a really pleasure to be here
it's going to get better I promise I say
that every day I can't wait we tomorrow
I actually it's gonna be sick
like really sick but first we're gonna
eat this yeah
check back to you ready I am ready are
we ready I'm holding with the reindeer
for some life here so here we have the
Frog ah which is going to be my right to
the next week but it's kind of cold out
so this might be a bit of a challenge I
think we're going to squeeze in there
together the help uncle a tight space
we're going to get so much other real
well and over here just about to be a
little closer I mean you probably sucked
today how insane this thing is look at
it so much of these cars is what work is
occurs from copening in tomorrow morning
after Stockholm of Buster's them and
then on to arbiter for two days of ice
driving but now I'm shaking 2/3 or cold
out this is a net we're going to end the
vlog here and we will see you guys
tomorrow when we jump in that car with
leg three here we can find and triple
socks okay we'll see you guys tomorrow
over and out from Copenhagen
