good morning I guess we got to start
with a good morning today I am actually
feeling good I slept plenty have plenty
of energy and I just got the nice
airport because today I'm flying to
Munich and then I'm taking a car from
there to cells Burke well actually do
puckish time and then I am going to go
to go check out the Red Bull play
streets and hang out with the boys and
do a couple things for Red Bull still
feels good to wake up with energy again
and not you know have one of those bad
dates that I don't like to have so let's
hope that flights on time and we have
one of those smooth treble bass although
I did just realize I forgot
most of the batteries for this camera so
that is going to be a slight little
challenge to figure out how to solve
that but what is the day without a
little challenge maybe a drill on the
juice I think that sounds good good to
start the day like that
as you can see over there there's a lot
of people studying in mind seeming kind
of worried because our flight is
supposed to have left one minute ago and
it doesn't seem like there's any
movement going on still well who knows
what's going on at least I am where I'm
supposed to be so all I can do is sit
here and wait and hopefully this thing
will get off the ground pretty soon it'd
be real nice message it Harold a if all
the seats are taken of course I'm on the
floor but over the last couple days
being the other we've been talking about
that we we feel like we need a vacation
like after last month of just craziness
like first Canada was the ton of skiing
then la was fun then can't Japan was
crazy then Markus quit and then I was
running the vlog for myself for a long
time and then runner and I can another
two states
and we we think maybe the lack of energy
is because we haven't stopped and
chilled for a second for a while so
before we left we're like alright let's
set a plan and go somewhere together and
just like not too extreme things and
like chill I think we kind of need that
but on the other hand I love doing
extreme things too so your guess that
we'll just have to wait for little later
converts as I said we're going to the
place treats for two days I've been so
busy that I haven't even asked redbull
what I'm doing there I just know I'm
supposed to be there that's two days and
then I am off to Copenhagen for the
winter rally together with team Gallic
the Batmobile and all sorts of crazy
cars still that's going to be an
exciting week so make sure to follow
that but hopefully this flight will take
off soon so maybe I can get a little nap
it does that'd be really really sweet
okay I guess I could have Sheldon Monica
for a bit longer it seems like we are
going to be stuck here for another four
hours and new departure time is five
o'clock so nothing he can do but that
I'm going to try to not be one of the
angry people I'm going to get in this
elevator key food allowance maybe if I
wants maybe I can take a nap I feel bad
for the guy who's taking all the
question five o'clock that's a long
delay
I guess we'll shoot an arrow shot since
I'm alone today hello my name is you I
am supposed to go to Munich but I'm not
going right now the bike is the lake
starting at least before I had someone
to like suck would know is this me
sucking Yanni you want to come hang out
ooh dark elevator mixing it up a bit
here in this log today oh yeah sometimes
it is kind of a subjective suburb old
cars you can show in Launceston things
like this happen make life like 9,000
times better
and four hours have passed and we are
finally going to do some flying I kind
of have to admit that it was pretty nice
to have a little Matt recharge and yeah
I just rest for dit I felt like I kind
of needed that so that's what you got to
do sometimes when you're late or when
the
thank you I hope you're doing better
than the last thing that would be much
appreciated it's this thing work like it
should i well let's hope that it works
first time better late than never
ladies promise all the animals will come
for German airline life kiptyn's woman
in the entire gana Kruger won't welcome
sit on today and our way to Munich my
time will be approximately one hour and
five minutes
and we made it to Germany and finally
for the first time in like four days I
feel energized I had a nice good nap
well not nap I was just like resting I
told myself no computer work just chill
on this place and before I get on the
flight I read a bunch of super nice
comments from you guys so that just made
me energized and pumped to keep on going
sometimes you know shooting yourself
walking around the airport looking all
strange especially when you're alone can
feel a bit awkward so thanks for all the
good comments and now I'm going to try
to find my driver and then we're
actually going to sell spirt pickup
Benjamin who was one of the guys that
applied for the filmer job I want to
meet him and he's going to help me out
for a couple days cool to meet a few new
people so see if I find my driver and
then see if we find Benjamin I'll strum
oh and by the way I did just notice that
my strap was backwards so don't need to
comment on that you lookin stupid
so that should be everything and we got
what we need and we're heading up some
cells burg to pick up Benjamin step on
complete
Anisa that Park we finally made it to
vodka shot after a long travel day and
we saw Benny or Benjamin hi what do you
prefer Benny or Benjamin did he sign it
Benny yeah miss Cletus yeah it's funny
like I remember seeing Benny's
application video cuz Benny did a
backflip he's like so gel and then he
did a big backflip into the water shout
and then when I dress was going on
vacation I'm like God I really need some
help for a couple days and so I just
take you up and and we just met half an
hour ago so we're going to hang out for
a couple days and and check out Red Bull
place treats but for now we're gonna
we're going to take good night the men
today's real hear ya cuz ya lots of
footage log so we will see you guys
tomorrow hope you enjoyed this very
eventful day of me traveling shooting
out the window the chow we'll see you
tomorrow ciao ciao
