good morning good morning you know good
while doing no you know like yesterday
we were so pumped on being positive that
tomorrow was going to be a great day and
then we slept equally horrible tonight
well I actually slept pretty good well
good for you because I didn't sleep like
anything and I wanted this to be like a
good day and here I am starting off with
the absolutely zero energy again yeah
but that's nice sometimes yeah but I
don't like those baby we're going to try
to turn it around just like we said
yesterday and so is going to clean this
thing and now we're going to go on and
have some lunch downstairs get some
fresh air you should get a new plant
yeah that one's officially dead maybe
that should be home we're getting some
cleaning today clean our souls in life
you know we always say people say that
is so impressive how you're always
positive sure are going to be positive
today yeah that's kind of the good food
and change it okay let's give it a try
let's get to today a try family before
we shut it down or maybe you say that is
it for us today we're going to talk
now that looks fantastic thank you do
you think this is going to turn my day
around I think them looking good in the
Red Bull hat by the way I'm so funny I
have this horrible thang there okay and
it's empty
mine too huh I even ate the plate okay
now that was a good start of an
improvement now a coffee and then some
exercise yeah I'm gonna go for a long
walk I'm gonna go running have some
phones but I've had enough especially
the soy foam like the waste products
little coffee wait yeah no but I have an
idea before we go running we let that
coffee sit and then we try to install my
new iPhone so that I can actually type
so you know my my favorite globe
location in the world it's this hallway
because I mean I don't dislike the wall
it's just that we come in and out of
this place so many times and then hello
a mirror here you are again like this is
our home
I know but can we like have a rope out
the balcony or like that is hard we do a
daily vlog and your entrance does not
change color every day change color
which one know that there's just more
you make more new paintings paintings
everywhere no gonna get out are you what
we need you Photoshop it no I'm ready
okay so how long do you think I'll be
able to keep this do you want in a case
with another thing you're more like
leaving it at an airport like I did with
my last one that's why I haven't bought
a new one that's why I've been rocking a
cracked one for a month because I felt
like such an idiot losing it about time
that you have anyone what's up jumpin
never dropping we have cases coming for
much feels so good
with a new iphone
get more happy now yeah little happy
happiness on a tired day
hello Hana it's more like a open me
thing no I think it is skipped up hold
this one Yanni's pull it out the airing
really just Apple have so many female
buyers that they ended up skipping it
worked like a charm
yeah done it before ready you ready I'm
ready
then I'm ready to go for a running
because that makes you feel better yes
let's do it let's do it let's go make it
yesterday I am not bringing the red on
this little triple hour
why not yeah once you look know what
we're gonna do is that I am going to run
because I like running and yannis it's
not like running so you know what I'm
going to go ahead and run it on from
here yeah I'm going to run for those my
run for my life I'll see you back home
I am still not a runner so that's the
beauty about it when you're struggling
to really clears your mind that's right
a lot of that no more million thoughts
without everything is you breathing
control let's go
oh my god oh I'll kill before tough way
mark Wow oh yeah I taught me oh it's a
halfway mark so you're a fast Walker
long run you want to walk with me
no I like your on gonna call like 40 mm
me too
if I don't pass out Oh kinda guys we go
Oh Ritter that's fine
align a lot of hundred meters
huh
huh
that felt good actually so kind of like
to run and I'm not a runner but I feel
like 9,000 sometimes better than when I
left before going running so if you're
ever tired bummed out and like yeah
you're just not feeling it then I
recommend go for sweat
there's no wait feel good again and
ready to get on with life and keep
crushing it oh yeah me too inching on my
legs you know no I feel a million times
better now we go but I do need a shower
badly but I had to do a couple you know
first oh okay
putting camera down the cosmic faucet
people cool he said did you change your
car again yes I said yes he said oh my
god he only knows me because I hate
parking garages in Monaco so I always
Park up here
look at everyone parking yep yeah that's
the beauty of it fresh air suck it in
find the energy we need like a yoga
class of finding the energy from within
like or we just work out the whole day
it was like when we were working out I
was like yes and she's back and then I
sat down like and then I said in the car
I was like oh this is comfortable if you
have a sleep no all right let's go see
if we can find you something
my favorite play quick and easy okay you
pick one so I'll live like whatever you
like
and then you check the size at all oh no
it's uh large large large sharks okay
I think that'll do for now yes
like right now I'm wearing long johns oh
really
yeah you said no shirt I said no t-shirt
okay until you're looking at t shirt
weer
okay quick quick we are all about
efficiency shopping here this is a
normal company so we'll wait for the
merge coming well now it's real trendy
do i okay
oh no no no thank you so much
okay now that how you do shopping
keep jumping
Olli you know what I want to do find
more time glasses and moveable things
look great long no way Sherlock yeah
they're gone I think someone's telling
me not to buy sunglasses or have some
glasses
he's not my call you're back yeah
they've been gone for a long time
I think Warner stole them
you find energy
boy
let's people hope
ah my extra life yeah it's nice but I
had an idea
hold on stop high ends and it's on I
figured that instead of ending inside
where we always on the blog we can just
send it out here okay if we have some
deals most hold on turn the Swift here
it's always a problem of lights and
blogs in the evening so we are going to
say good night and hopefully tomorrow
we'll find some energy good another one
of those rough days but I think we did
the best of it and went running and
walking when you get we did the best we
could and that's all you can do in life
so we'll see you guys tomorrow and over
and out hold on I was waiting for them
open now over now for Monaco
see you tomorrow ciao ciao
