good morning good morning I was about to
say are we up and rolling but I guess we
are up and rolling if you say good
morning
yeah but it's not an epic Zbornak you
smoke me honey we're so jet-lagged and
like destroyed yeah we hate jet like I
slept like three hours
yeah that is not an idea away but I got
to go on run and do some interviews and
photo shoots so I'm going to try to
power up have fixed red bolt and then
hopefully I will find some energy and
then why are you gonna have a photo
shoot - yeah I think so oh my god good
luck with that bring it when you need it
I'm not yelling no and then we're gonna
go get you a Monaco passport oh I'm
gonna grab that guy okay and I will see
you in a little I wish that you find the
energy and I wish I find energy too so
yeah Jojo
come on there we go
sessom open you know when you have those
days when you just you're not feeling
the energy those are the days where you
just got to bring it
find the positivity somewhere have a
coffee of Red Bull and then just do it
that is what I am going to do today
power power power through and then I can
sleep later on tonight all right Curtis
Park done coming home with some coffee
for the missus and then we're going to
do a bit of a photo shoot I feel like a
weirdo elbows will off and we forget the
print always walking around through
cameras and coffees at all time okay can
we do this oh yeah we could one for just
me ice like a favor okay boy model yeah
you can I do have that rather shoot the
Playboy model well that's like one right
balls
that is a cool photo location it is
we're taking portraits but we're finding
you
Oh alpha squad rah really
you
you
this is the last job I always thought
like so bright out I always lie about
this last job perfect we're good good
job guys what's up hard we got it but it
is a cool location it is I was feeling
we're going to come back here okay but
not like to get my driving license yes
we do before they close
yeah we're going to continue the big
adventures
go ahead so hope you check out oh comfy
car I keep forgetting the door thing we
got to hold it what Thanks what the
absence of filmer increases my coffee
consumption by 1000% and also just like
yeah let it linger so that and I'll stay
yeah by the way if you haven't heard
we're just like on superjet light yeah I
usually don't feel jet lag that much but
today I feel sick me too ok let's gonna
get this driving license done and then
let's go on a sweet thang cuz I got I
got to fix my license - because my photo
fell off look yeah they're all Nikon
driving like this Monaco quality so
first the first thing we had to do is go
and take photos because you need photos
and I need photos now let's go and see
first if I came I change it today yeah
but you need a photo either way so I
don't we start with a photo oh no I
should have said that earlier what up
what I was like
ok just look at that in this - no it's
over Michael also you can play if you
want to so much
and when I take one
nice picture perfect yours was nice mine
was disgusting winner so this is the
reason that we're making this a driver's
license photos because photos fell off
and then this thing is falling apart as
well so we're gonna have to make new one
like we're kind of quality is this yummy
Monaco license hello
thank you boys can I have a picture yes
well it does not you know I'm kind of
used to photo something
now we're gonna hang it left over here
why oh no I have to go to the dark side
explain why the dark side just last time
we went I got so scared because they
were so rude but it wasn't even for me
and now it's for me
no prepare your mother's any fears these
starting good study boxes just it uh I
keep telling any success level like what
it 0:40 success level forty after just
level forty is good but seeing my
friends made them kind of nice I was
rocking that French like nothing else we
where you get these things to Monaco you
never expect to go in there and be
successful right away no thanks we go
back at least three times yes
now we should go and try to find faster
in or not while we're here we're on a
mission doing things not not succeeding
to elder
I don't know Monaco Telecom are you
going to deliver for us finally like
almost total success I have an opponent
you have a new number we have a way way
mega fast internet so now we can upload
4k here on the way we got to install it
but I'm running out of battery on the
camera so we're just going to spin home
and we'll see you there all right okay
second spinning canvas in case that
didn't work no more Fabia investor no
what are you hiding there in your lap on
your computer have you officially
surrendered Apple I think so couldn't
even see us aren't cute right I got so
angry with apples as my like three
computers crashed some now you're done
you're sucking into the PC world scary
how does it feel I don't know yet it's
good I let you try and then you decide
whether I am following I think I'm
following I'm on power your own power
and what power you want power I'm one
power but right now I have zero powers I
think it's time to see you nuts that
time it's the time to say good night
the days over yes team jetlag needs to
say good night and chowin that kind of
stuff ok I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog even though the energy was pretty
low we will see you guys tomorrow with
full power at least half power yes
so ciao ciao ciao ciao
and so from for the investor
